user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197968586896,Not Recommended,262490,9376561,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Akuma,"I wish I had read the forum for this program first, teaches me. This guy summarize what I would like to say so I just quote it here instead of adding curses every second phrase.Edit: Extensive downloadable content is at time being.... not existing. There is a few downloadable crap items on their webpage... but as a steam subscriber, you dont have access to them, so, their not available atall.Quote from forum (Poster: Not a bear)Do NOT buy this program! Massive ripoff and extremely limited!Let me be straight with you, I bought this program from the official site shortly after it came out years ago for $50. It was a gigantic waste of money.Here's the deal. First off, the program is insanely limited. You are given virtually no freedom whatsoever to design or pose your characters. By default the ONLY outfits are school uniforms in only a couple colors and identical styles. There's maybe less than 10 different hair styles per gender and only a handful of hair and eye colors. The poses for your characters are fixed and you cannot freely move them at all, and there's only a few dozen poses to work with.There's also a problem with layering. For example, if you wanted two characters to hug each other... well, you can't, because every character is on it's own layer. You cannot pose two characters ""together"" and have them wrap their arms around each other or something. There's also no real guideline for perspective either so it's really hard to measure characters' positions if they're not at roughly the same distance in the background.The backgrounds, comic effects and the like are all acceptable. Very little to complain about there. Aside from the fact that there's quite a few backgrounds that simply do not match with the character designs as they're basically just photos that have been run through photoshop filters to look more animated.But there's more problems. For example the text input has no option to center your text, so all of your text must be manually centered. The program is also extremely slow and takes a long time to load pages and export things even if you have no custom assets on the page. Speaking of custom assets, there's a 3D model importing feature, but it only allows models done in a very specific format and in my experience, half the time they don't import properly and either come out incomplete or outright invisible.But possibly the worst part of the entire program is the DLC and lack of updates. Here's an interesting fact - the Japanese version came out well over a year before the English version did, and when the English version did come out, it launched with LESS CONTENT than the day 1 Japanese version did. Their excuse was that the English version was cheaper, so they didn't want the Japanese people to just download the English version. They felt it was more appropriate to give the foreigners an outdated product. It was SEVERAL MONTHS with absolutely NO updates to the program before we even got what was available AT LAUNCH for the Japanese version. Of course, by then, the Japanese version was more than a year and a half ahead of the English version in updates and features. I would not doubt that this has continued to be the case.But it gets worse. The Japanese version had several extra packs of free props to insert into your scenes released prior to the English launch. Several of these did make it into the English release for free, however they actually had the nerve to charge foreigners extra for some of them. When they first launched this pack, it was $15, which again, cost nothing to the Japanese users.Then there's all the other DLC. If you want to make ANYTHING besides a generic school life series in precisely one single outfit, then they expect you to shell out extra money for crap that should have been in the program from the beginning for free. Well, then again, you can't make anything beyond generic school life series. You've got packs of more school uniforms, some casual clothes, some swimsuits, and stuff like that. And they expect you to pay extra for all of it. It's a ripoff, plain and simple, and even worse is that you get very little for the outrageous prices of the packs. A couple new outfits and a couple colors per pack. I don't know how much they run for these days, but they were about $15-$20 when they came out. For each one. And there was like 5 or 6 of them. On top of the $50 program.In summary, DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM. It's too limited to be of any use, you will be mocked for using it and no one will take any of your comics seriously, and it's just plain a complete ripoff and not worth the money at all. Avoid at all costs."
76561198053040311,Not Recommended,262490,9386025,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Ashindice,"There's very limited options in this software, I just got it hopping for good refrence poses, but apperently they're not customizeable and they're preset.  Which really dissapointed me,  Though the only thing I find use for it for is poses and refrences to brush up your manga / anime art skills or for trying to set up mock enviroments, but yeah its not really recommended considering there's very little customizing."
76561198018469715,Recommended,262490,14005845,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Mr. Christmas,"It's a fine program with many limitations, but may not be useful for everyone, here's an extended review for the potential costumer and hopefully feedback for the devs.ComiPo by it's own grounds is very limited, you can't edit the character's height, proportions, width, etc. so you'll never see old people looking old, nor a younger character looking younger from the rest, so you've got all cookie cutter models, you can't even adjust parameters such as eye size and such (I wanted to adjust the chin and cheek width so badly but I can't).There's not many customization options, there's some very limited set of accsesories and hair styles, so the combinations end up very limited, you can't customize the colors of items or clothing either (altough there's some very nice filters for the final images), so far it seems like there's no in-game option to change the character's skin colours.The DLCs barely add anything to the mix, I bought a bundle, I think it contained 2 or 3 DLCs and when I used the program it felt as if I didn't had any DLCs, as they are pretty missleading telling you they offer a two digit amount of clothing each, but in the end it's just 1-2 clothes palette swapped, if they allowed you to recolor the clothing it would be very helpful and add many possibilities, but as it is, the DLC is good to have but not a must buy.Now, with all this said, you may be wondering why I recommend this program.To me it's helpful, I like to draw to relax, I use CSP, but the dummies included (on CSP) are extremely hard to pose (altough more versatile), but it consumes A LOT of time to get the desired pose and angle to me at least, so I prefer to use this, make a vanilla character, pose it as I need, convert to png and use as reference on CSP, on the downside, even when there are a lot of poses here, camera angles and such (which btw is very fast compared to CSP's), they arn't very flexible, you can rotate the head and such, but (may be a newb mistake here, so I apologize if I'm mistaken, I'll make sure to edit if I find out later on) it seems like you can't rotate hands or other body parts.With that said, I think the devs can have a very nice and versatile program if they work on it, specially the customization options, Steam workshop for this would be awesome to allow people to upload their models and such.To the costumer: if you want a quirky program to have a giggle and such, this may be for you, if you need some quick reference dummies like me, this works as well, but if you're looking for something serious to do comics and such, you may not find what you're looking in here (mainly the customization, it's so limited, otherwise the filters are awesome).To the devs: I think the hardest part is done (the core software), just add more customization options (body proportions and clothing), more interactions betwen models, more hair, and accesories and such and you'll have a solid program backed by a clean and intuitive interface, just stop with the DLCs please as they barely add anything, they're quite expensive and may be overwhelming to the new users, unless you plan to add more to the current DLCs so they're more worthy of buying and owning, as it is, it's just not worth it.Also some glitches need to be fixed, it's kind of silly that firefox and ComiPo can't co-exist without comipo crashing.I hope this review helps potential costumers with their purchase and the devs on improving the experience so we can get a better product.Cheers!"
,Not Recommended,262490,9405523,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Jeremiah uTO^ (†CDc),"Only 4 character models, only 4 changes of cloths, very limited on what type of models can be imported, and no community workshop or DLC.In conclusion, do not get this program. There are others cheaper programs that do more out there."
,Not Recommended,262490,9405544,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,PhoenyxRyzing,"I should have read the reviews before buying this. It is so limited in choices that its basically unusable unless youre trying to do some school yard short story, because literally all of the clothing choices are school uniforms. You have to pay for the rest of the DLC, which is free to japanese users, but not anyone else, and even with the DLC, the options are still insanely limited. And with no return policy, i am now stuck with completely useless software. DO NOT BUY THIS! It is not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,262490,9380894,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,sinwins,Seems good at first but I am not liking this at all... Maybe if this had some DLC but right now... I would say do not buy this.
,Not Recommended,262490,12125252,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Soviet Fox ☭,"Must read review from a die-hard anime/manga fan: Save the money, folks.... unless it goes on sale again.[Edit]: I did find at least one redeeming feature for this program... I do like that you can make simple things using this. So lets say you want a game ID, PC wallpaper or want to design a T-shirt with simple anime characters, but can't draw (like me), this program can actually come in handy for that. Or like some other reviews said, as references if you CAN draw. Otherwise, my review still stands.... This has so much potential that wasn't really realized, so I'm still disappointed. But at least I can make a few banners with this thing, so I guess the money wasn't totally wasted...?[Now my old review:]And I purchased it because it was on sale, figured at less than 1/2 the price, maybe it'd be worth a shot? Figured I could use it for character creation, not manga creation....Even then.... As other reviews have stated it is very, very limited. The DLC's show many 'new options', but in reality they add about 1 new article of clothing to the characters.... Not anything significant at this point. I would be satisfied if the DLC was free, and they promised to release more/better DLC packs.... But no dice. Might record some 'gameplay' of this, so people can see what they'd be getting into before they actually do.The game came directly from Japan, so at the very least I suppose I helped with the economy a slight bit? I love Japan, but I'd rather have something I can really work with. Even if I didn't write any manga or anything, I'd really love to be able to create entirely custom characters as references for tabletop games, instruction manuals, etc.Even at a discount.... I'm really kinda regretting purchasing this now. And a DLC pack (had to see if it changed anything...)Maybe we'll get lucky and they'll update someday with more (& better) software.... But I doubt it, sadly."
76561198063245635,Not Recommended,262490,9627901,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,parkboy547,i can be kinda fun but it is very limited on what you can do  so i was dissapointed by it i did get it on sale but even 35 dollarsit was  not worth it and for 49:99 it is really not worth it :C
76561198007330588,Not Recommended,262490,22371986,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Crisis,As much as I love to recomend this I simply cant.the program shows great promise. but the lack of moddels and clothing options is simply to great.you cant really make a comic until you buy more dlc.so far in the base software there are no house or background options like making streets or homes.atleast not that I found.I also found the lack of tuturials anoying but not hard to figgure out if you are used to these kinds of programs.if you really want to buy this.I suggest you wait for 90% Discount as you will have to buy dlc aswell to make it worth your while.hope this review helps.
76561198006843936,Not Recommended,262490,13064194,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dachmyre,"This software serves only two purposes, primarily as a method for those with limited drawing skill to tell a simple story. The resources to do this, as noted elsewhere, are very limited and specialised. With add on packs of 2 simple clothing options priced around $18, it is an incredibly expensive, if easy to use, comic creator. You must realise when purchasing it that you will have very limited options for customising the characters you use and no control over the posing of the character unless a pose already exists.Secondly, it is an adequate resource for reference purposes thanks to the useful camera and 3D rotation features. This should not be mistaken for altering a pose, it is simply a way to reorient your model for the 2D panels. The limitation here is as above, the inability to alter the model in any significant way means all characters have the same cookie cutter look."
,Recommended,262490,12636652,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,redsoul41,"First of all, Comipo is a great software where you can develop your story-making skills with certain constrains. The User interface is very user-friendly and easy to use. If you're the type that can't come up with character ideas, this software is a big help to you.Don't get confused by the sofware name, Comipo is more like a story maker with built-in characters rather than a manga maker. Most of the users say that it's not worth it because the biggest reason is that they were expecting more like the Manga Studio. Comipo is drag and drop story maker presented in manga/comics form.For me, Comipo is worth the money and worth the time.Pros:1. It's the first software with this kind of story making system.2. If you're bad with drawing, the built-in characters can cover that up.3. The limitations can exercise your mind in coming up with story ideas.4. A lot of character poses and facial expressions are available.5. Tests your efficiency in using limited backgrounds and characters.Cons:1. Costly because of the DLC packs.2. Limited character modifications.Note:If you plan to buy this, I reccomend that you buy at least 3 DLC packs depending on what story you want to make. I planned to make a shoujo school life manga series out of this so I bought Swimwear, Summer & Sports, and Casual wear.If you plan to make a manga series, this software is very worth it. If not, then practice your drawing skills and try Manga Studio.It cost me quite a lot but this is like my hobby now. I already made 15 chapters of my manga series using this sofware. If you keep on whining and ranting about this software then go on. In some way, you're just not just flexible enough in making stories.And one more thing regarding DLC, buy only what you NEED and not what you want. I save up some money for DLC that can help my manga series become more and more interesting.For good story writers out there who want a visualization of their ideas, this is the software for you. Be a good story writer, Be a Comipo user! :D"
76561198013397452,Not Recommended,262490,32665938,Posted: 22 June,all,Ardubich,"I have almost all of the packs for this and I still feel like there just isn't enough resources. It almost seems as though they made just enough resources to create an ad that gives you the impression of endless creativity. The guy looks like a girl, and even with nearly all the add-ons, I feel like there are only two generic characters with different outfits. You can buy kid models and a fat businessman, but really.... not useful.This is a powerful tool, just not enough resources."
,Recommended,262490,16337692,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ronald Brain,"Because of the overwhelmingly negative reviews that criticize this app for unfair reason, I'm gonna recap some of the pros & cons here:It CAN:-Help you make manga with little efforts. You just put on models, background, speech and export it out to share with everyone.-Aid you in drawing if you need references with posing characters. Just pick a pose and rotate it any way you want.It CANNOT:-Help you create unique visual manga. There are lot of models but limited customizing option, leaving you with generic characters most of the time-Help you create ANY kind of manga - the core theme is School Life and everything included with MMC are intended for that. So fantasy / battle / action / adventure manga concept are very limited.Regarding ""false advertisement"" claim, it's untrue - MMC really comes with lots of stuff even in the base program. What it really lacks is the customization option.-----------------------------------UPDATE NOTICES-------------------------------------------------------------------------#2.40 UPDATE: After a few patches bringing Comipo closer to its JP version, the tool is getting a lot more features, but still lack a few critical one to make it more functional. Only one new DLC added since I wrote this review and that's a shame because not only the devs won't give us customize freedom, they also don't care much on offering us paid/free content. This is what I seriously hate about JP/KR software/games, but well, that's how the world works.#2.50 UPDATE: Okay, things are getting a little better now; at least our feedback are still being appreciated. The support of PMD import makes it much easier to add custom characters/pose now - I haven't got the chance to try it out though it this is quite welcoming. I like the ""sorting"" menu that allows you to separate all / preset / custom models (with separate folders for custom models) so you don't have to scroll through a long list to find something to attach to your character. There is also a Color menu but sadly it can't be used to anything other than preset assets that you can actually choose colors (i.e stray hair...).#2.70 UPDATE: The much anticipated skin color option is here at last, no more after-edit for skin color, yay! GIF export and additional colors for some clothing set are okay too.--------------NOTE: FROM HERE ON, THESE ARE JAPANESE UPDATES - STEAM VERSION DIDN'T HAVE IT YET, BUT WE CAN EXPECT 'EM IN THE FUTURE-------------------#3.00 UPDATE: This one adds a lot of new features to Comipo and justify the price tag even more - you can now manipulate 2D images to make them semi-3D (by rotating X-Y), as well as deform them to fit into TV / Phone screen (like ""Skewing"" in PTS). More Panel and Text Bubble speeches are now available as well.#3.01 UPDATE: Just a minor upgrades that gives us more color options on some of the old clothing set (Swimsuit and summer uniform). Still a nice change, and it's free so why not?#3.05 UPDATE: FINALLY skin color option is here, so we don't need to resort to after-editing, and monochrome manga can be done with yellow / black character properly.#KNOWN ISSUE: I've been running into this strange issue recently - don't know if it's because I installed too many custom contents that my x86 system can't handle or just because my VGA card is getting old (It's a GT 620 with only 1 GB memory). When exporting image, there is a chance that the process will fail and you will receive an error messenger - during that time, your VGA driver STOPS working and sometimes it can recover (so you can see the messenger) sometimes it cannot, forcing a hard reset. Lately I tried to close everything in the background and just use Comipo, and hasn't seen this error, so maybe it's just me. If you guys plan to use Comipo on not-so-powerful rig, especially x86 like me, be warned that Comipo may demand significant resource to run flawlessly (and with custom contents too)."
76561198165247082,Recommended,262490,14800003,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Bazingirl5,"I do recommend this software because it is a gold mine of possibilities and it really helped me for things like perspective and poses for character.  BUT, you must be able to use at least another software like Photoshop or Gimp to complete this one.  As some people said : it is limited even with all of their features and DLC for the choice of clothes, type of characters and objects, but you can import a lot of thing such as 2D images, 3D objects and with an image editor on the side, it is the most useful program I used for manga creation.  So if you are ready to work and know a thing or two about image edition, this is a wonderful software for you."
,Recommended,262490,19305111,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,LIGHTCIF3R,"I do recommend buying this software if you really dream to build your own comic, but not at its full price. The lack of character customization and of models available make ComiPo! feel more like a demo than the real deal -- there are DLC and mods that can kinda fix that, though. Kinda. Nevertheless, its interface is easy to master and the level of possibilities with the contrasting limited dummies is astonishing high.Get it as soon as it is on sale. 7/10."
,Recommended,262490,13649921,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Diecinueve,"Okay so I have had some time to play with the program and this review is just based on the time I've had with it.This is a fun program for any and all anime fans that want to make barebones manga or images (things for forums, backgrounds, or avatars) and is easy to use. The interface is easy to pick up. If you want something to bring your idea of the next big manga to life, this isn't it. So I say get it when it is on SALE. But if you enjoy playing with preset tools and have to money to get the DLC, then this is right up your alley.In reality this is a drag and drop program with preset expressions, backgrounds, and models. While i have limited time with this, take it all with a grain of salt. It seems that i can not play with the pre-rendered models. But this isn't something that should turn you away as there is quite a few to chose from. The only thing i would advise you to do is look at you talents. If you are a skilled artist then don't get this, but if you can't stand at the level of an anime artist then this is for you.The things you have the potential to create are nice, but it is up to you to truly make it our own. This is cookies cutter, but you have the ability to upload your own images and models. So to someone who is skilled, this could be fun to use as a storyboard. To others like myself, this is just mindless fun to make wacky anime images just for the lulz.All in all on sale, you can't go wrong as this program it has enough features to make it worth it. But like I said, if you want something that will make your visions come to life this may not be for you. This is what it looks like and promises nothing more. If you want a program that does more or you feel you could do the illustrations yourself then this, again, isn't for you. But for all of those that just want something to play with to make some solid anime pics, or to possible use it to the limits, then this is great. You will have fun with it no matter what as long as you have some imagination and vision. But if you have ADD and want it to do all the work....i say just draw it or just watch more anime.Anyway I give it 8/10"
76561198117766990,Recommended,262490,18147041,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,unabashedskyrocket,"This software is actually very good for what it claims to be able to do, easy to use and great for someone who has trouble with the art side of comics-based storytelling.That being said, there are still many flaws that relegate this program to my 'Only buy when it's on sale' list. As most reviews will tell you, there are actually very few options for clothing and hair short of importing your own custom models, and most of their clothes listed count every recolor as a new outfit entierly. The limited hair options also don't help, but thankfully you can import any .obj file as a custom 3d object and simply place it as you need from there.Also, the limited posing features are a bit annoying until you start figuring out the best way to fully utilize them, a process that takes quite a long time. There appears to be a free custom facial-expression maker provided by the creators of the software, but some support for custom pose models would be appreciated.Overall, I recommend that you buy this ON SALE ONLY, when it's in the $20 range. You will definetly get your money's worth that way. Also, make sure to read the DLC descriptions carefully, as they count a recolor of an existing outfit as a new outfit entierly, and this leads to some annoyance when you think you're getting a better selection of clothes than you actually are."
,Recommended,262490,13097019,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Zeffernissle,"This program is amazing, however I didn't care for the price. ( I personally think it is overpriced. ) So I waited till it went on sale and only paid $13. [ 75% off ] Anyways, it does help if you have editing software to go with it. I use Photoshop CS5.5 . But SAI, Gimp and Paint ( if you have the time and the eyes. ) would add to your spectrum of powers. ( Also editing programs are really good for changing skin tones  since that option is not avaible -- yet.Also, ( Updates ideas: More ""ragdoll"" like if possible aka, most poses don't look right if character is turned / angled view. Maybe also a ""Fancy"" DLC? and a ""Seasons"" or ""Holiday"" one would be awesome.  Not just summer... )"
76561198087259785,Not Recommended,262490,28653700,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dami Nam,"I DO recommend this if you just want to play or write an illustrated story with stock characters.  I DON'T recommend it if you want to make anything even slightly unique in appearance.The first thing I tried to do was customize the basic face I chose by enlarging the eye size and maybe moving the them a little further apart.You can't.  You can only choose a premade face and then alter the eye colour.  That's it.  You can chose one of a few different hairstyles and pick your colour for the hair...and maybe add a stray hair sticking out or a ponytail to it.  But you can't make a style longer or etc.  You can't change the templates...that is not an option in the program.If it IS, then I hope someone will tell me what I missed so I can try it myself.  I didn't find anything in the program that would let me customize the face beyond adding wrinkles, lines, freckles...etc. I can't make a character with a big nose, or a man with long hair or...etc.  At least, I haven't found any way to do so.  I'd like to learn differently if it turns out that that IS actually possible, for sure.If those options really are not in the program, I hope some day they will be added.  If they ever are, I'd definitely recommend this to a much broader market.  As it is, I find it only good to play with."
,Not Recommended,262490,26156695,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,LValkyrie ☣,Extremey limited poses and add-ons. Wanna buy this with discounted price? No. Just no. That's what I did.
,Not Recommended,262490,33527445,Posted: 13 July,all,Count Gremmy,"Just purchased this and boy is there a lot to talk about. First they allow you to download the demo from their website but they dont let you use the demo. It just says demo expired soon as you open it. Now this is probably the most craziest thing ever because why have a demo but not let anyone use it. Now this may not be intentionaly but I think I can understand why which leads me to my next point. This program is basically a money grab. You basically can only do what is shown on the advertisement. Most popular manga take place in a fantasy world. Downloading this program does not let you make any type of genre you want. It only allows you to make a school manga mostly focused around romance with a little bit of comedy with silly faces. You can make a fantasy manga sorta, by downloading the dlc for extra money. But the items in the DLC are so lack luster that not only should it have been an already in feature for the main game, but paying an extra 18$ dollars is also ridiculous. Theres no uniqueness to making a character unless you change a hairstyle or clothing or gender. Everyone looks the same, body portions the same, height. Its so generic and bland it makes me think the creators have never read a manga in their life. If you choose to buy this very lackluster program understand that you will most likely not be able to create the manga you want. Additionally, you will be forced to buy a bunch of DLC just to try to and even then you still wont be able to. I recommend everyone wait and have hope that maybe they actually focus on good content or someone with an actual passion for manga steps up to be a competitor. This game is indeed a joke, but hey if you want a silly school theme anime, with no plot, this is for you."
,Recommended,262490,12124929,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Anomalous,"Fun to use, easy to learn, and works well in tandem with PhotoShop: it's a great starting point for manga-themed storytelling!"
,Not Recommended,262490,9406999,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Leekebot,Broken. With no way to fix the problems occuring. Unable to see the characters thanks to the 2d outline being off center from the 3d model. Searched for two hours online for a fix. Nothing. Do not waste your money.
76561198037005915,Recommended,262490,28199622,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,HeroSpirit,"Whomever says this software's resources are ""limited"" doesn't know how to use the software.There's dozens upon dozens of support groups which create models, additional hairstyles, backgrounds, and other materials which can be easily imported into Comipo with a click of a button (though I would recommend you buy this with as much DLC as you can afford, as there's an bit of a lack of support for clothes).The UI is negligably complex, as it's easy to learn if you just read the tutorial pages (which are surprisingly intuitive). I was expecting to have to fiddle with it for hours before learning how to make a full page, and this was not the case. While it does take practice to really know how to use the tools it gives you in an artistic and visually-appealing fashion, it's nothing that an average-joe can't figure out in time. I'm about 60 pages into my own manga work thanks to this software, and I can safely say that it has allowed me to create it exactly how I imagined it to be."
,Not Recommended,262490,26167887,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,MrMidnight,"The idea is very cute and fun but for 50$ I'd expect alot more.LET US ADD OUR OWN FEATURES. this is very limiting to create a manga of our own, which is why you built the program for in the first place.I wouldn't really recommand buying it for the full price. luckly I got it for 10$ and even that seem too much for what they give you to work with.3/10"
76561198087886589,Recommended,262490,13126068,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Blue_rain,"This game is amazing, it takes a little and I mean a little time to figure it out. Once you figured this game out your set! If you get all the DLC this game kicks butts! I can now make a Manga and a good one! I don't care what people say this game isn't lame its worth the time and money! (get it on sale though mostly the DLC) Please make more DLC! Maybe a outfit creator, if you can please add more weapons I would also be very appreciative. Thank you for making this game it has honestly opened up my creativity. I rate tis game 7/10, if it had more DLC It would bump up to 9/10"
,Recommended,262490,13675224,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ジェイミー,"I recommend this software because it is a basic and easy too understand application. I had a good experience with it, I practicly make manga everyday by drawing, but now that this program has come out, it is worth it! Forget all the haters out there, any actual sane person would know this is the most superior manga maker of all time [despite the fact that it's over priced, I just bought mine for 60% off  'cause of christmas sales.]!Overall this software is 8/10!What could make it better- It could use some more poses- Cheaper DLC [some of the DLC cost more than the software itself... makes no sense -_-]- Skin color changer [you can only select white people--- RACIST]- People Interactions [Kissing,Hugging,Pushing, etc.]That is all this program needs and these things is why I made it 8/10 instead of 10/10"
76561198024834665,Not Recommended,262490,9412040,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Sir_Anthrax,"Don't buy this. You get 2 sets of clothes to choose from for guys and 2 sets of clothes for girls. All four clothes are school uniform so your comic has to be about students. 6 different colours to chose from. No skin tints. All backgrounds are super Japanese, so if you want to have a comic that is set anywhere else, forget about it. It may be worth getting when there are some DLC's but until then DO NOT. Even then it'll cost to buy this then pay extra for DLC's to maybe make it worth getting. I ignored the reviews. Don't make my mistake."
,Recommended,262490,12576774,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,☠DemonKatie☠,its like gmod but with anime
,Recommended,262490,16052632,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,.holo awake,"Great buy, especially when it's on sale!I've never used anything like this before, but it's been lots of fun so far. Easy to get into and it looks like there're a lot of community additions as well.If you like watching anime/reading manga, this is a nice way to get a hands on feel for the stuff we enjoy so much."
76561198165790537,Recommended,262490,32222199,Posted: 6 June,all,Light-NepYu,"It's actually one of my favourite programs to use but I gotta say.. the character creation is literally♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean you can create amazing mangas with it but... the dlcs  are pretty much expensive and I'm most of all just waiting for sale until I can get some of those. You don't have much hair (like seriously! I gotta have to download hair who just look sometimes better and I just need more).. I mean so many hairstyles excist but you just get like 5 hairstyles..? And the updates take so f**** long like seriously! We just got in a year the picture thingy, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ horse (like seriously.. what's with that horse? But the horse is cute) and at least something good Skin-colour!. But I hate to wait so long for it and I'm just{LINK REMOVED}like...WHY?!?. Comipo is amazing for doing mangas... but like seriously... low updates.... expensive stuff...  not much stuff in the character creation... I just gotta have to say ""Not even a bust size!"" I can't take it with those little ... uh.. . It's even hard to make you look like a child.So as I said comipo is amazing for making mangas but you have to consider that you won't have much stuff(the stuff up there). I'm going to say that if you don't like the style (no anime/manga fan) than you shouldn't buy it, but if you like the style (manga/anime fan or not) and you are OK with not much stuff(look up there) than you should/can buy it... and it actually wouldn't matter if you would wait for a year or so to buy it to hope for more stuff... because the differents from now and then wouldn't be that big. BUT I would wait until it's for sale."
,Recommended,262490,12703233,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,[Fug]kingjordan,"Jumping in to Manga Maker Comipo i had no idea i would enjoy it like i do now. At first i saw this when i open steam store and thought maybe so.... so i put it on my wish list and forgot about it. But after one week i saw my email say that it went a 50% off sale and so i bought it thinking i got a good deal even if i would never even play it. After a half a week or so, i was listening to some music i desided to play it and see what i could make, and before i knew it i sent over 10 hours!Manga Maker Comipo for me is an enjoyable game to make a manga, because for me i'm not a artist and can't draw... but i am good at making stories and thats where this game helps me.But even though i love this game i am not blind on what the cons are, or thing that can be changed/addedCons- the game has a limit on the characters to what you can make them look like and what kind of poses you can make them do- they could added it for mac (i know it can be a job to do but i think it would good idea)- this game can be too basic for what you want to do- needs a maker to add poses and 3D obect iconPros- easy to jump into- lots of things to add to make your manga look alive- simple to add your own images or 3D obectsFor me i'm tring to make a big manga story and i am having fun doing it and as a gamer, having fun is a key for games.i recommand this to people that want to start a manga thats easy and simple for anyone make a short/long story, or maybe just curious (like i was)"
76561198217869001,Not Recommended,262490,31084945,Posted: 11 April,all,LLEF,"45,99 € for two outfit and five different face expression by default for the character ? kisekae has more outfits and facial expression then this and kisekae is FOR FREE and made on flash ! (i guess the only thing that it's better about this then kisekae is that you can make the character from the back/side and more when kisekae is only able to make charcter from the front and they made layer for making comic when kisekae don't,but except that,there is clearly less then the flash tool !) (and i know you can use blender or something or download outfit made by different user,but there should be more for a almost 46 € BY DEFAULT,i don't have to search for asset by myself except if it's something really extravaganza,but there,there is letteraly only two outfit with less then none variation)"
76561198131904111,Recommended,262490,12143862,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,kamikaze9699,"This software isEXTREMELYlimited, and the DLC packs are almost mandatory if you want any kind of variety. You also need to surf the forums and do some web searches to find a library of user-made objects to have enough props. This is more of a Clip Art toy, and certainlyNOTa program with much depth by any means. However, if you're used to working with limited resources, or even derive some fun from the challenge, and just want to make some comics as a distraction, give it a try. Just keep in mind a ComiPo manga looks like it was made with ComiPo, much like a RPG Maker game looks like it was made with RPG Maker. If you're fine with that, then you might find some fun with this."
76561198170697610,Recommended,262490,16046552,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,sirbacon,"Despite what some negative reviews have said, it actually is possible to have two characters overlap each other, it just takes a bit of figuring out: specifically, you have to use the barriers of the boxes to ""cut off"" the body part you want to appear over the other character, then use copy and paste and move the character to the exact other side of the box so that only the arm, leg, head whatever is visible, and line it up with the rest of the body. That's the real tricky part: lining up the figures so that (for example) an arm is where it should be requires so much precision that it's basically trial and error. Extremely difficult, but (theoretically) possible.Having said that, I would highly recommend ONLY buying this program on SALE. I managed to get the program and three DLC for roughly 20 dollars total, and I still feel like I overpaid. But I suppose that's all the more reason to make the most of it."
,Recommended,262490,19526881,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,atarashii,"This software is pretty decent, if you want to scrap some quick comics to show to friends for fun. Otherwise, the limited poses, clothing, and eye/hairstyles makes this not suitable for serious comic making (besides, I'd assume you'd command decent artistic skills if you wanted to make a serious comic anyways).This is a purchase you should make if it is on sale, and if you know you're gonna make lots of comics...for fun. :)"
76561198002205400,Not Recommended,262490,9422704,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,stevebetney,"I'm more bemused than angry at buying this. A simple idea, place a limited 3D model of a manga character to provide a decent looking 2D comic frame all it needed was a decent choice of good qulity backdrop images and a couple of dozen 3D models it would have been on to a winner.  But with only 4 models- a school girl/boy and teacher male/female with minimal customisation it's a tragic lack of choice bordering on the absurb. Obviously (and looking at the collections of models on their website) they intend to make their money by DLC- nice idea but I guess most users (especially if they feel like me) will never entertain such an idea if they feel like they have been ripped off.In passing does Steam actually checks this stuff out first?"
76561197987010813,Recommended,262490,12578751,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,geashu,"Manga Maker Comipo is very close to what I think is the most ideal lazy and or untalented artist software you can find. I must admit that without the downloadable content for the Manga Maker it is a bit flat. Once you have the DLC all kinds of creative possibilities open up. In my opinion out of all the DLC available, I believe the two most important would be the Office Wear and Business Person collections. Also one of the most surprising and over looked features of Manga Maker are the built in filters that you can not only apply to the preloaded 3D models, but also to your own imported models, it is quite nice. After applying these filters the models begin to look really nice, and it truly does in some cases give the image a realistic hand drawn look. My personal view on where Manga Maker falls short is in its lack of diversity of skin tone. Yes even with the software coming from Japan I find this inexcusable, especially considering the wide range of popular Manga characters that are not single color pale-ish. Look carefully at popular manga such as One Piece for example, or even the Dragon Ball series. I mean some of the characters in the Dragon Ball series have blue skin for gosh sakes! The characters in One Piece all have different skin tones. Plus some of the more classic stuff like Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water, Mihoshi: Tenchi Muyo!, Kaolla Su: Love Hina and of course Momo Adachi: Peach Girl. I do hope that a selection of skin tone will be added in soon coming update."
,Recommended,262490,12516723,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Bezerked-Hulk,"Read the most helpful reviews before buying this software! It will help save you moolah and prevent spending 50 whole bucks!!Managed to buy this at a decent discount of 50%. All the people's reviews saying there are limited options are right, even if I haven't checked them for myself. This would be an extreme downer to those who bought this for the full price. The sample tutorial seems to have some spelling mistakes, but I managed to see what it was meant to say before making your first comic on this software. I may suggest buying it, but ONLY if you can catch this very product at a hefty discount! Discounts are always good for this very sort of thing!"
76561198005692918,Recommended,262490,12479558,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,fraser790221,Great software.I can now turn my ideas into a manga !Check and download all the free resources provided online!※10/25/2014 Update. I get a commision for using this software to create propaganda!
76561198094028055,Not Recommended,262490,29305760,Posted: 16 January,all,CreepyMooZ,"This is a great idea and very fun to play around with. HOWEVER, for a program that had been around for awhile now it is very, VERY basic. Every single thing on here is exstmely limited.I feel like a comic making program would have pride itself on giving people a place to show off the comics they were able to make using their software, just like RPG maker. But there is litally NO customization! You don't even get bone tools in order to pose your modles. There isn't enough hair or clothing options, eyes, faces or anything else to make any of your models look like your own creation. Honestly this is the kind of progrom where they should have a workshop for fans to share their work and make their own custom content.This progrom dose have some very pricy add ons you can buy. Like a fat man with a suit in a few diffrent colours . . . and thats it. Pay £14 for a man. T-T This is beyond greedy, this is stupid on the company's behalf. No one is going to like you if you can't build up a fanbase. You'd earn way more money if you gave people a workshop with some free stuff in it and then get people to buy your models for dumb prices. And for god sakes give people a place to post their work!"
76561198079099680,Not Recommended,262490,29482242,Posted: 25 January,all,.NicDem.Em.,"Very little to chose from. Rather expensive game for something so limited. I was expecting a variety of clothes, hairstyles, face features, shoes ect. Rather disappointed."
,Not Recommended,262490,27823445,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Atas-Pelangi,"there is a severer lack of customization options available.much of the content is behind a paywall as DLC.id change my review if i saw a change in an Update but i have been waiting a few years for a fix before posting this.i would not buy this again if i knew then what i know now.you can not change body type, wight, build or height.only recently did they add skin tone options.i also see a lack of representation of disability options. for character diversity.if this changes i will change my review."
76561198083179223,Recommended,262490,13006854,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Mayanyanya,"Everything is great in this comic maker so far. But here are my suggestions for the developers: include a option to add/change1.) Skin tone variation. (tanned and darker options)2.) Ears (elven, dwarven)3.) body type (short, medium, tall heights and builds of more weight and less weight characters, the businessmen are excellent though so far)4.) More indication of where to find tutorials, there is a bit of a learning curve to get through5.) More English sound effects. The Japanese ones aren't useful to a English demographic unfortunately6.) Eyebrows. Thick ones!"
76561198048931489,Recommended,262490,30435259,Posted: 10 March,all,Starzinger,"Thought I'd review this at the 10 hour mark, got carried away and the software easily sucked 4 more hours.So, what can I say, as a person that has sketched, drawn, and painted manga for almost 23 years (yikes!) I can honestly say that this program is wonderful.  There are limitations, but those are unimportant to me personally.  This software allows you to easily create anything from ""bite sized"" comic strips to full length graphic's novel manga.The only negative is what someone expects in ignorance.  The assets are limited, but they can be customized quite freely.Importing your own textures for the 2D assets is as easy as drag and drop.  The 3D assets need other programs if you want to create something completely unique.  I'm happy to learn that the software is updated frequently and there are a vivid and alive mod scene.  Keep to the UELA and there won't be any problems.I can strongly recommend ComiPo! to any and all fan's of manga and comic book creation in general.So press play on your favorite Jpop/Jrock/AnimeOST music list, and let your creativity flow!"
,Recommended,262490,12138798,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,--(Dr. Stein)-[\],"This isn't software isn't too bad, but as others have said it does have limitations without buying DLC, epsecially if you want more modern looks. I bought this on sale, not sure if I would have payed for it at full Price.As othrers have also said in the forums it is much better to draw your own things as then you are not limited to anything, the DLC seems quite pricey even when in the sale for what you get, obviously it takes practice to be able to draw good mangaor just draw in general, I myself am not that good at drawing yet... but I know pratice will help me improve.I find this useful for storyboarding or using the character model for posing so that you can have a guide on how to draw characters in those poses etc since one of my weak points is drawing hands and arms in different poses. The software does allow you to import you own images though so I guess your coluld draw your own art then import it into the software and then just use the software as a template for the manga/comic itself and use the speech bubbles to add text so that your not having to cut bits out when drawing your charcters by hand or creating them in other software such as Photoshop etc."
,Not Recommended,262490,22200066,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Burgers[404],"Yeah this is my first ever review....The program is really easy to use but it is alsoreally limited, when you start up the programyou get this cool comic that teach you the basic of the progamand you learn how to quickly put someting that looks likea comic.if you thinking about getting this program i recomend you waitingfor it to come on sale since i really belive it's not wort the full price.even tho it's is limited and you create something really simplefunny and dumb thing.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WA8ubQOPUbgAnd that is just a bad example of what you can create using this program..i would recommend this softwarebut the price is just to high so im giving this a negative score"
,Recommended,262490,33675832,Posted: 20 July,all,unknown,"At first I was super skeptical especially when I saw other people's ""not recommended""s however with a little knowledge on 3d modeling (and I mean it can be super basic) and basic photo editing skills this program works wonders. I realize that theres limited DLC and such however with proper time and effort you can do a lot with it. You just need time and patience, and for someone like me (who has absolutely no skill in actually drawing) it is amazing. If you need any resources or just sources for inspiration theres a great community on deviantart for comipo with hundreds of 3D models, from clothing, to background, to weapons and armourI do recommend waiting for a steam sale to buy it however."
76561198025299573,Recommended,262490,12127069,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Mihoshi20,"A very easy to use program, but don't expect a lot of character customization as the software doesn't allow for customizing outfits such as removing various clothing layers while leaving other still on. Severely limiting the variety of characters you can develop. I cannot recommend this software at it's full $50 retail price, but since I managed to pick it up on sale at a significant discount, I am still going to recommend the software if you can pick it up around $30 or below as there is still a lot to work with. Just don't expect to design a lot of varrying characters.Unfortunately, this severe crippling of outfit customization is baffling as it reduces the product from a professional tool to a hobbyist grade product. Even if their model was to sell Clothing DLC packs it would make far more sense to still have more control over what article was worn on what part of the body at any given time and I hope to see an update to correct this in the near future, especially if they want to truly make this software worth the full price. Until then, pick it up as cheaply as you can if you're interested as there is still enough here to play around with."
,Recommended,262490,12131027,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Swishy,"As an avid story writer with almost no talent or practice in drawing, this intrigued me.After using the software for a little while, I think I can sum it up to someone who might be considering buying.Will this software allow me to create professional manga?Not really. It doesn't compare to what you could create if you actually drew it yourself (given you can do that).Is the software intricate enough for me to design characters etc?To a very lesser extent, if youdontgo into it with an idea already in mind. You're working with presets, it's by no means a tool with which your imagination can run wild.Can I create my own story with this software?Absaloutly, providing you have the creativity to do so, and aren't expecting to make the next biggest hit. It will, in the end, look like something made with ComiPo! I'm assuming you're okay with that.Is the software fun/easy to use?This is opinion, but yes, I had no trouble figuring out how it worked, and enjoyed my time doing so.Basically, the program is great if all you're looking to do is maybe try something new, play around with ideas, and make something that at the end of the day, will only be as good as the program itself. I bought this for 75% off, so take this with a pinch of salt if considering to buy it at full price, but I think ComiPo! is great for somebody just looking to mess around a bit, have fun and have access to something otherwise inaccessable to us non-artists.Don't go in with high expectations,and you'll be fine."
76561198040859614,Recommended,262490,9903363,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Unpayedovertime,"Pros:ColorfulSomewhat friendly like RPG MakerEasy learning curve""Visual novel"" Comic style can be used.Modern world optionsThe Deviantart Group has lots of content!Cons:Casual Wear DLC is a mustNo Steam Workshop Support (Yet, and Sighs)Background images tend to make scenes look like a visual novel-feel.Limited Fantasy options. (Sighs again)Lmited PalletesHair is somewhat bland/Custom Hair is needed.Overall:Feel free to use $20 USD to buy the Casual wear DLC. It's worth it, as it makes the program a little less bland. It's not that great, or even not that bad either, but at least it fills its purpose as a Manga maker. I Would recommend buying it at you make something if you're the creative type. Despite the low reviews (And their low hours), I find the program at least enjoyable for Trope parodies, School, Modern, and Fantasy Modern (You have to improvise.)Rating: 7/10- Not the program for lazy people, but for creative people."
,Recommended,262490,12159284,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,[WAIFU]ERPFriendo,i finally can make mangas like my favourite mangakas i read about in the mangas about making mangas
,Recommended,262490,16387293,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tris,Do you like Manga? Are you a weaboo? Do you have troubles with 3D girls and just want a waifu?Well this software is for you!!
76561198072200122,Recommended,262490,23899332,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,soulchen_*****,"WOW !For me - who can not draw anything except a smiley - this is the perfect tool.I bought an Owl- cartoon figure on turbosquid for 10 Bucks, and within Minutes I was set up with my first Owl-Cartoon.Heavily Recommended !Best thing is: you can import any 3d model in .obj format, and use it in your comic.No need to draw anything, just rotate it as you wish, add bubbles for speech, objects and so on.And to the commenters who say ""not ehough clothes"":You can simply add clothes als ANOTHER 3d Object.I gave my Own an hat. Just within the comic."
76561198312077019,Not Recommended,262490,24012029,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,waraitear,"It can't edit and import models. And character post can't edit action too.Maybe I printscreen favorite models from mikumiku dance software. Import 2d .jpeg to use main character my story.It very very limits character. It low pologon can't HD modelingOrz ,manga studio independent more than . Ah if this has demo maybe best than preview before buy."
,Not Recommended,262490,32987062,Posted: 29 June,all,[hswak] Sebb7y,"Good:-Pretty fun and easy to useBad:-It's expensive, and the assets are also-Base product comes with very little free assetsConclusion:-Don't buy unless you're willing to spend a lot of money and have your own additional assets"
,Recommended,262490,20411544,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Chase,"Not many options here really. The number of clothing items and the limited selection of ... everything really makes this less of a manga maker unless you want to make a very simple school life type manga.This is however very useful for planning out scenes that you plan to rehand draw later, as you can quickly setup a comic page with poses and simplified placeholder characters, to see how it would look before sitting down to draw it."
76561198019533836,Recommended,262490,12133467,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Stocking Anarchy,The base version of this program is very limited in the creation of the different characters. Download content is a must if you are going to use this for anything more than a one to four character print just for variety.
76561198037606732,Not Recommended,262490,23990254,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ShadowDhampire,"If this product had a negative stars rating instead, I would give it 5 negative stars. I've waited a week after posting on their official site that I've been having problems with their product and I've yet to hear them. Trust me, I've tried everything that I could to solve the problem I had with missing panels. I've checked my virus protection to make an exception to this, I'm checked to see if I have the BG Images, I've verified the intergrity of this software via steam, I've gone to youtube to ask for help and I've posted my problem here in the Steam forums in hopes that someone would know a way for me to fix my software to work properly! NOTHING! Absoulutely, NOTHING worked as I could use this product properly.Also, to voice what others may have already added to this review page, YOU CAN NOT CHANGE TO A DIFFERENT SKIN COLOR! You have to use an edit program like Photoshop or Gimp or what have you, in order to get another skin color! RPG MAKER MADE THIS A BASIC AND YOU MEAN TO TELL ME THAT THIS MANGA MAKER CAN'T?! What kind of nonsense is that?!Case in point: DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT, EVEN IF IT'S ON SELL! THE ENGLISH BRAND OF THIS PRODUCT RARELY UPDATES AND THEY DON'T RESPONSE TO YOUR ISSUES THAT YOU'RE HAVING WITH THE SOFTWARE!"
,Recommended,262490,13708886,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,💘 「 ℰოḯℓƴ 」 💘,"I love this software, it's so much fun!I have to admit it was a bit hard trying to figure out how to do everything at first, but now it's really easy and lots of fun. Also, I find it very enjoyable just to sit back and create your own characters, storyline, etc. ^^But I still recommend this software to anyone that loves to create their own manga."
,Recommended,262490,12578597,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Best Name Ever,This pretty good . I love it
,Recommended,262490,13673773,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Oats The Goat,"It's really limited, and too expensive.Not exactly a ""manga maker"" either.If you want this, only get it when it's on sale.It's still fun to use though."
76561198069480211,Recommended,262490,13611281,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Stormhawk938,"Alright, so I used this program for quite a while now and I gotta be honest, I don't get the Hate this program is getting.Of course it's easier to use it for 1 hour and say, that it lacks variety and it's a piece of garbage and etc.But, I'm here to tell you, that this is the best program to use, if you ever wanted to make your own Manga!Pros:-Easy to use-A LOT of poses, that can be modified (at least with finger posing)-A LOT of facial expressions to useCons:-Lacking in the clothing department-Not really worth the full price tag(I suggest you get the bundle, while it's at a lower price tag)So, if you'd like to make your own Manga, this is for you!But get it as a bundle, while it's a bit cheaper.And while you're at it, get the 'Casual Clothing DLC', because it will help you to make more individual Characters."
,Recommended,262490,9416752,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Sekunri,For making small short comics the program is good but be warned that currently we cannot obtain the DLC but it will be released in the future according to steam. Also clothes are limited to the default school uniforms. However there is user created content that's useable and you can create your own or have someone create more stuff.
,Recommended,262490,25636573,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Walt,"Pros- Good for people that can fantasize but doesn't know how to draw.- 3D characters- 2D Backgrounds- Special Effects- Special Skins- PropsCons- It's not free, kinda expensive so better to wait for the sales.- You need to buy other skins and propsStill 10/10 for me (I can draw tho)"
76561198097585156,Not Recommended,262490,25702738,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,bone,it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ i lost so much money to this.
76561198064684402,Recommended,262490,9505778,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Scoot,"Very nice,Too expensive though and the charecters look 3D NOT 2D! but,very easy to use"
76561197978938882,Not Recommended,262490,12149276,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,JDinKorea,"Sorrry, but with the limited assets and the wrnings you put at the very end of the sales page being a tad shady.Folks, the only assets usable with this STEAM version is ONLY the steam version!  Stay away!Of course, if you are willing to shell out 10+ dollars for each 35 asset expansion pack... go for it!  Must be nice to be rich.  There are other Open Source programs out there that do not LOCK OUT your ability to import assets.Terrible disappointment, and shame on STEAM for playing a Bioware-style scam such as this."
76561198061169711,Not Recommended,262490,12153278,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Yolashillinia,"I found this program disappointing. Like many others have said, character creation is painfully limited. The poses are fairly wooden, and while there is a large variety of stock manga expressions, there isn't true flexibility in that either. The various elements (e.g. backgrounds, accessories) tend not to match the style of the characters. I had the feeling of trying to create art using clip-art. The colour filters are also limited. Either one would need to be skilled in creating one's own content, or rely heavily on DLC or CC - and I am not inclined to go searching for that when the base program has so little to offer already.What you CAN use this program for, I imagine, would be as a base for your own art, to divide pages into panels and add effects (e.g. drama lines) and speech bubbles to.However, if you have any artistic ability at all, skip this program and draw your own manga/comic. It will look more consistent and be far more rewarding and less frustrating. Whatever you do, don't get it at full price."
,Recommended,262490,13152076,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,諫山よみ -Isayama Yomi-,"Very good programCheaper than CSP (CSP needs 9500 JPY for 2 years), and esay to useSomeone said that is too expensive  because they are used to getting  the free materials and pay it  for nothing.If you like this, pay as you pay as you can, so that gay can make more better programthank you"
76561198115303847,Recommended,262490,16035318,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,oOFate/SteinerOo,"This software allowed you to create your own Manga with pre-made Characters,Items and backgroundsWhich make this software easy to understand without any basic skills of drawing.I liked to draw manga and characters in paper but drawing in my laptop seems impossible sinceI don't have mouse-pen or even good software to draw on.Comipo fix that desired and now I can created my own story from paper to software (with a limited sources material ofcourse )7/10 - Make a Drama story out of Funny material XD"
,Recommended,262490,9464449,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,灰观散人,"Whatever old negative reviews you saw there, you should just ignore them.The developers just inform us there will be new updates for this software1) Steam workshop2) Bonus Materials3) Premium DLC (for those who did not get the dlc on steam, will get a free replacement key for it)"
76561198053979478,Not Recommended,262490,12797856,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Vanilla Schnee,Not enought stuff in the library to work with.
,Recommended,262490,11308033,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,T H E  P E R P E T U A L  N U T,"If you wish to keep ALL of your content within the confines of the generic high school scenario then, while still a little thin on content (for characters anyway), it does what it does pretty well if you're willing to experiment a bit.Therefore, I recommend it as it does deliver what I expected however I would advise not buying it for full retail, it's a bit of a rip at £29.99."
76561198046563738,Recommended,262490,10892922,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,crash fan razer63,"this is perfect for if you don't have either patience or even know how to draw, what's important is it IS for people with low patience or whoever have a hard time, drawing, this is a nice, lightweight program for that kind of thing, the only thing is it could use a little more different themes/genres like science fiction, though."
,Recommended,262490,16038871,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,t r i g g e r e dCheez,Very easy to use! Bought two hours ago and already made two comics in 1 hour and 4 minutes! Very handy :)The only bad thing is the limited amount is hair looks. Would be nice if you added spiked hair for my friend's OC Velda ;)First one -http://whatdidalfiedonow.deviantart.com/art/Velda-and-Antoine-in-a-Manga-Comic-535896773Second one -http://whatdidalfiedonow.deviantart.com/art/Too-Tired-535912913?ga_submit_new=10%253A1432820449
76561198019582770,Recommended,262490,18286688,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,KrustyTheRusty,"Awesome software - I'm not particularly serious about writing Manga, but did snap up this plus all available add-ons at the time of a sale. $170 of software for about $55 = nice. It is fun to mess around with, and I can think of some pratical uses for it, although messing around with some of the characters and outfits is a lot more fun!!"
76561198108784404,Recommended,262490,9891575,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Chia01,Despite its lack of content its very enjoyable.
,Recommended,262490,13109431,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Sophisticated Cyborg,Great.
,Recommended,262490,25072358,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Chemical Taint,"If you need a reference to the types of comics that can be made in a very short amount of time, look up #TheGameCollective on Instagram or Twitter. I see many complaints about limitation in the reviews but that is really relative to what you want to create.If you're looking to make a quick comic this software is amazing. If you're looking to make rich detailed stories with lots of emotion and variety, then this is probably not for you. I am very thankful to the developers as they are constantly trickling in new content and options. As of writing, the options to change skin color was just implimented, which is a nice feature. I am not a very skilled artist but I have many ideas that I like to quickly flesh out and show to the world. This software allows me to do exactly that! I look forward to future updates and customization options."
76561198208851283,Recommended,262490,31818419,Posted: 18 May,all,Bugplaysmc,I love using this program it's very fun and user friendly! You can pretty much learn to do a lot of stuff with this like making comic's and also making very cool pictures. You can do shadowing and other things too with this to make your picture/comic's look even better! You can also download a lot of custom content for this program on Deviantart! Worth buying!
,Recommended,262490,12173627,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Knight-hart,This software has revitalized my internet posting career and i love it dearly.
,Recommended,262490,18426516,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,macaroni,"I like it verry much!I'm making short storys when I'm bored and its really fun and easy to makeAnd I'm not a pc-nerd after all, so I only have to click and move to find out what i can do with it!It's worth the money i spend on it, but watch out: for more clothes and items in the program you need to pay the exactly same price as the basic program.So I'm not really going to buy the DLC's for it, cause I'd get bored about it anyway and its too much money in my opninion. Sorry, but still the basic program is great ;)!9/10!"
,Recommended,262490,13140780,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Queen Eclipsa,"I love this software, it has alot of choices and is fun to use. I just wish they gave more options for cloths, since there's only two free ones and that kinda sucks. Over all I enjoy using this software but wish more free content was available."
,Recommended,262490,13627722,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,savadious,I am amazed. This does EVERYTHING I need it to . . .
,Recommended,262490,13342144,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,[KUUD]Kuregi クレージ,A very very good tool on making your own anime and mangas with the help of comipo i loved anime since i was 15 so i truly recommend this software to anyone because the models can also be used for your own 3d anime game as well as comics which is very quick and easy its worth every penny for the one who has creativity or has creative moments10//10
,Recommended,262490,11855687,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Cobalt NinjAS,"I had a read through the software and was amazed to see the negative responses towards this software...  I have been using it for a while and at first is was a pain, but I never pass judgement on software untill after a few goes, it took me a while but I beleive this software is brilliant once you get the hang of it.Not too keen on the idea of purchasing DLC, but looked around and there are tonnes of tutorials for importing custom objects, hair, accessories etc.So while simple to use, has a rather large learning curve to do anything spectacular, I recomend this for anyone with a lot of patience and isn't very artistic (like myself)."
,Recommended,262490,26216278,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,๖ۣۜNystƦiX,ez2use but the price for the software and the DLC is too highi bought it on sale $ 12and Im happy with the software(i know my english is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ DEAL WITH IT)
76561198059937253,Recommended,262490,19520347,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,。lee。,MANGA MAKER ComiPO! GOOD.
,Recommended,262490,16030244,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Koharu Ōkami,"I bought this software last night while it was on sale, and I've already clocked in a few hours.And trust me, if I wasn't spending most of my time studying for finals, I would already have about 24 hours on this just from today and yesterday.(Note: I have not checked out everything in the software yet, so there are some things that I don't know about. The following is a list of Pros and Cons from what I have seen.)Some Pros:*There are pre-made characters, but there is also a very easy character creator system so you can make your own characters!*There are lots of backgrounds to choose from, or you can import your own.*There are different types of bubbles for speech or thought, or even images if you layer it correctly.*You don't have to make different characters for each expression. Using the basics of the character you created, there is a system that can automatically change the facial expression and there are even hundreds of different poses that you can choose from. You can also tweak the poses so they can match every situation.*There are also lots of different items and accessories for the characters to hold.*Plenty of 3D objects that you place in the background or have the characters interact with.*You can change the size of each character on the panels so you can fit more than one in each scene.*Lots of panel layouts that you choose for each page, or you can even create your own.*Lots of sound effects (I don't think they really make any sounds) to fit the situation.*Many different expression marks, such as anger marks, hearts, sparkles, zzz's and dizzy plus many more!*There is a lot more things as well! These are just the first things that popped to mind.(Note that the following cons are just in my opinion.)Some Cons:*There aren't really any options for long hair on guys. (I'm talking about shoulder length and longer)*This may sound silly, but for females I don't think there is an option to adjust chest size, so if you want a flat-chested girl you'll have to start with a male model. And since there aren't any long-haired options for guys, that character would have to have short hair.*Unless you buy some of the DLC (like I did) there aren't a whole lot of clothing choices. However, with every outfit layout there are lots of different colors to choose from. But for each gender there are really only a few different types of clothing.*For girls there aren't any dresses, (Unless you buy some of the DLC)  but there are a lot of shirt and skirt options.*This kinda goes with the chest size thing. But I think it would be cool if you could choose between either a male or female, and have all the clothing, hair, and accessory choices for both genders. So like crossdressing. I just think it would be so funny to see one of my male characters in a maid outfit or a school girl uniform.So really all the cons just go for the character creation stuffs, and buying DLC can solve some of those problems.And I'm sure all the rest of it can be fixed in upcoming patches if the developers want to add those options.But so far I think everything else is excellent!Really simple and really fun!So unless you reaaaaaaaally want to see guys wearing schoolgirl uniforms, having really long male hair, or smaller-chested females, I really recommend this software!So if you want a easy, yet very detailed way to make manga to either post on blogs/websites or print out, then by all means, buy it right away because it's simply amazing!Even if you don't get it while it's on sale, I still think it's totally worth it."
,Not Recommended,262490,14114221,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Walker,"Comipo is a software developed to help you create manga without being able to draw, but is it really working as good as it is telling you?The answer have to be yes. The software is nice and you are provided with a good asset and big amounts of items to use, however, i can't say i recommend this software.There are diffrent art styles, or at least it looks like it. The characters have a good details, while the backgrounds are a mess in my eyes, some of them even looks like they've just taken a picture with a camera and just done some quick photoshop editing to put it in place, while others are poorly made in my eyes.As for the dlcs, they are overpriced. You get what you pay for, the name litteraly says it all. You only get clothes and one small asset of maybe 5 objects with that dlcs. So for owning a RPG Costume DLC i can litteraly just use modern backgrounds.Now, before you all complain on my review, this software is ADVETISED to say you don't need to be a good artist, however, the software is a tool to artsists. Then again, if you can draw, it won't feel the same unless you match the art of the character. This is an issue which i have come to terms with and gave up on the software.Notes: I had a 30 days trial of this software earlier, and i didn't buy this, i got it through Humble Bundle.Conclusion:Once again have they advertised a tool as a software that anyone can use without any skill at all. This software is good for people who can draw, but i cannot, and therefor have to stick to the original asset. I give a bad recommendation due to the DLC content, which costs a lot, and really doesn't provide you with the content the store page shows you.Software itself is good as mentioned, but you are limmited without being able to draw yourself."
,Recommended,262490,13467948,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sumanto,"Easy to use, It's funny to create simple comic.I think Comipo! created for kids who want started created comic.Don't blame this software if you think you have advance skill. If your skill advance, you can use Ai or Corel."
,Not Recommended,262490,13489758,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Silvamord,"As a reference material for pre-populated poses, this isn't half bad. I wouldn't pay full price for it though. The clothing is very limited and they should try to program in some type of color pallet instead of the limited selections available. The hair selection is also extremely small, as are the eyes. However, if you are determined to make a comic and have no ability to draw, then this may be your answer."
,Recommended,262490,16038866,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Kyou.id,you can make. everythings with this...!!~i used too make...~ my true story of my life~!and its great since you can make it an animated version here.....~
76561198043927334,Not Recommended,262490,16027572,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,ghostwalker_l01,"I find it good, but it seems to be lacking racial models or at least skin colour editing as well body art when creating a character."
,Recommended,262490,17731353,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,OneTrueMitch,"I made one of my characters ♥♥♥♥♥-slap-punch another one of my characers.10/10 would ♥♥♥♥♥-slap-punch againIn all seriousness, this software is fun, if not a bit repetitive. There are a variety of set poses, which is both great and its biggest flaw. I can forgive the small character creator because I've managed to create a couple dozen characters I deem unique from one another, especially with the recent addition of the skin modifier for the models.You can import any kind of 3D model into this software to pose and such. This includes humans, weapons and other objects such as masks or other add-ons. You cannot, however, export the characters generated within the software, as it goes against the terms of use for the software.The only thing Comipo is missing is custom poses. Everything else is relatively straightforward and fun. I spend hours just coming up with stories and making backgrounds. Its great, but its most crucial aspect (custom posing) REALLY takes a lot out of the fun and usefulness of the software. If this had the ability to freely pose models, I would reccommend this software at its full price 10/10 times.I would wait until the software goes on a 35+% sale. I cannot in good consciousness say otherwise.Pros:- Fun- Allows for a surprising amount of creativity- Is pleasing to the eye- Decent character creation- Ability to import custom models- Great for making wall papers or small ""mangas""- Amazing amount of facial expressionsCons:- Not able to freely pose the character- Learning the software by ones self is not too easy- Overpriced for what you get- Almost all character creations are designed for the ""school manga/anime"" cliche"
,Recommended,262490,17715405,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,43Dark_Nero,itttttssss...... alright
,Recommended,262490,11373065,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,John Legow,"Terrific, best purchase I've ever made!"
76561198082113304,Recommended,262490,10098327,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,XxHyenaKingxX,20 € for a DLC... i mean...44 Clothes for 20 €?Thats a nice Idea to get pocketmoney for nothing.Dont buy this ****.!
,Recommended,262490,10692109,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,dsama,sucks you have to buy the rest of the content. sucks hard. Other than that its very easy to pick up and make comics. You can see some of the ones ive made atdunklikeapro.com
,Not Recommended,262490,18783867,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,PorygonZ,"DLC HUNGRY!--Look for community items instead of buying DLC, Google is your friend--Fun software, wouldnt recommend due to price and how DLC hungry it is."
,Recommended,262490,24001715,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SuperDivaTsunderePrincess69420,it's ok
76561198083607500,Recommended,262490,12132847,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,You Nico Nico Need Me,It is so easy to use and fun to use.
,Recommended,262490,16672331,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Ahn'Casinh'je,Love it.Easy to use.I recommend it.
,Recommended,262490,12216535,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,[imy]LT|bobowyc,"Overall I have used this software for about a few days. Its missing pretty a lot of items and backgrounds for RPG comics. Also, there should be a separate software in which we can add, edit and delete an object or item to be added into the software. Other than that, I am happy with my purchase. It has mostly all of the basics of creating a manga. The only problem is the Sound Effect, when its all in Japanese and I don't exactly get the Sound Effects. :\ Probably with a bit of help with it would do.. Overall, I would recommend people to get this software, during a sale of course. ;)"
,Not Recommended,262490,12577811,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Unreliable Boy,"I didn't sure if I have a GPU that does not match to the spec. or, the software's algorithm is failed in my PC.But, I founded the shadow goes wrong render every time.I would suggest my self to check version of Pixel Shader on my card... but, how?I think my card has PS 1.9 but, didn't check yet."
,Recommended,262490,9402773,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,bwatts,at what point does spending this amount of money ironically become worse than spending it unironically
,Not Recommended,262490,12141649,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,bacon_ranger,"I am so angry.... I wanted to give this a shot, hoping the reviewers got it wrong. I just should have listened. This program is awful.... Not even worth the $12 price tag I got it for. You can make about 4 diffrent people, and you limited to school boys, and school girls, SMH."
76561198050934733,Not Recommended,262490,12182062,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Ninjathorn,Some generic characters and very limited creation options without all the DLC's makes this program almost useless. You want to make a Japanese school drama go ahead anything else will cost a lot more. Nowhere near worth the cost.
76561198058300083,Not Recommended,262490,12134689,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,lunagirl2014,This game only offers TWO OUTFITS PER GENDER. Unacceptable lack of content for the amount you'd pay for this game. DO NOT BUY!
,Recommended,262490,16668769,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,[ReAp]Veronica Vamps🦇,"This Software is really easy to use (No Advanced Knowlege needed).I personally think, this Programm isn't worth its original price (I got it on the sale for 13€). As there is some limitations and not as much content as in Outfits, Hair Cuts, Hair Colors etc. in it. You can buy them sepratly as ""dlc"" but a software shouldn't have to need dlc, more like free updates? Especially for the original price of 46€.Although it is perfect for people that can't draw (like me). That means If you okay with some limitations by the looks of your characters than you should be fine with this software.For People with Advanced knowledge with the programm Blender: You can upload your own 3D stuff into the game.All in all, this software is good but I would like to see some Free Updates with Stuff in it as well. Like I said before the Original Price is way to overpriced atm so if you want this software pick it up in the next upcoming Sale! Same goes to the ""dlc"".Its totaly worth the 13€ and I am happy with it."
,Not Recommended,262490,13010041,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,happy splatoon inkling,"Very interesting software, considering it's nothing like the RPG Maker games. RPG Maker offers a large variety of options without the use of DLC, but this game on the other hand requires money for DLC to add to your manga, at a very hefty price let me tell you. I could actually by RPG Maker with the costs of the DLC, if of course it was on sale. This maker is very limited unless you buy the DLC, and that does not fly in my book. Don't buy unless you have the money to buy the DLC, not worth it. I'd recommend RPG maker over this."
,Recommended,262490,16031809,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ermioni >mostly AFK,"well I got this in 80% offer and even with 2x DLC super reduced price.. It s fine for the money I gave.. It would worth more if it had more EYES more hair styles and more clothes off course .. also if I was able to customize the face .. but seriously ... more eyes needed !!!I recommend this software after all, even with this limitations, it s a nice tool for people who start here with making anime and also 1 more positive is that there is the option to import what u like .. it s not so easy to use them as with the pre-installed items, but after little pain you will make it :Dso my opinion is to buy it if you find it in a good price."
,Not Recommended,262490,13843674,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,20blackbags,DO NOT BUY THIS IF:. You want to make a manga/ comic book with a variety of characters. Characters with different skin colors. Characters with a few hair styles. Characters with a few facial expressions. Unique Male characters. Characters that are not in school.Characters that don't live in their school uniformBUY THIS IF:.It's a steam sale. You like to waist your money. You just need it to help you draw different characters positions. You can make your own clothing and hair to import into the program
76561198018513501,Not Recommended,262490,12566555,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Anmia,"Ok, its true that it is lacking...But I find that it can be used to make reference sheets and simple slapstick quite well.The 3D charecters are slightly tricky to use, but they are ok... though, again, lacking a bit...I would recomend using other software like GIMP and so on to draw detailed stuff and use ComiPo! for layout, tones and Backgrounds.Also, there is no way to create landscape pages in a portrait based file. you have to create landscapes dived into two pages and... well sizes and evrything... oh never mindEven though I recomend the software, I would not buy it if it isn't on offer and you have read through all the other reviews first."
76561198111023363,Not Recommended,262490,13890089,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,tabrls (chief choi),"comipo has critical bug on 2.30 version with some kind of graphic cards.ButRPGMAKER.comhas no solution now.Final update is 2.60 version on japanies. There are no english version.They said,Updates for the English version of ComiPo are being worked on. I am unable to give a time frame for when they will be available but they are being worked on.So I can't use this program until can be update. I don't know about when.  when?It is defective product.less expandability, less face shape, less clothAll You can makes limited comedy manga only.I feel like wasted my money."
,Recommended,262490,16019320,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Lucifer,I Love You....
,Recommended,262490,16194297,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,PAC TEEDUS X,With this powerful tool I will revoluzionize the world of manga and create the new generation of Naruto. BEHOLD
76561198303473640,Recommended,262490,33111898,Posted: 1 July,all,McCFaith,I LOVE THIS SO MUCH I CAN'T WAIT TIL I CAN BUY ALL OF THE DLC'S!!! YOU DID A SWELLLLLL JOB AND IT'S #1 FOR ME!
,Recommended,262490,30528999,Posted: 15 March,all,D'Jeff,nice !!!
76561198127301593,Recommended,262490,9443795,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,JakeNinja,Its ok but it needs more.
,Recommended,262490,9752126,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,pandadell,I have changed my mind on this program. I orginally gave it a negative review because a glitch. However a user by the name 'Spectre' gave me a solution and the program now meets all of my expectations and then some.
,Not Recommended,262490,13337158,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Crazypedia,"Very basic, and probably nearly useless without the expensive DLC.  Users have made their own 3D assets, but it seems no one but the publisher can create new character clothing or appearances.  The sever lack of character customization is deadening. Comics are often driven by either events, or the characters, and having cookie cutter characters just stifles this program. With character creators in RPGs, and even FPS games offering more character creation, there is no excuse.  Please devs, license or implement a better character customizer!"
,Recommended,262490,25977790,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Yang Xiao Long,I make art until people die.
,Recommended,262490,9411649,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Phrostbyte21,"If you're second guessing your decision to buy this product because of the negative reviews, than let me put it this way. Unless you're planning on spending years and years perfecting the art of hand drawn Manga, than this program is for you! Since it's just a hobby of mine, and not a career, I am able to take the Manga stories from my head, and very accurately portray them with ComiPo! Especially now that they have released DLC for it, the possibilities have expanded immensely. So much character customization as far as clothing, eye, hair and accessories go. Plus there are almost 100 poses to chose from, you can fine tune the hand poses, the head positions and more on each character. Plus, you can import you own content! Trust me, it's worth buying. (Unless you want to make Manga professionally, than you should probably learn to draw.)"
,Recommended,262490,9386422,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,LunaPanda69,"BEFORE READING AND OR LOOKING AT REVIEW AND SOFTWARE KNOW THIS  (your making 2D comics, using 3D items and other resources)     2D COMICSThis is a great little program that allows you to make and import your own style and use whats giving to make mini-comics.This is not for people who think there are billions of things to do without putting work into it. they have Import ablity that allows you to make things from other programs like photoshop and 2d/3d programs and put them into this software and you can from there take and make comics.You can, if you don't know how, make comics with what they give you. They also have DLC packs and things you can buy and install to give you more items/chrs/backgrounds  if you DO NOT know how to make these things, but you may not enjoy it fully if you do not know how to create things to add to the program on your own.This is not easy to do and use without practice, I know the video and the way the software makes it sound its super simple. You want a basic understanding on how to layer objects and place items in frames. Things like putting more then one item down at a time and moving them so they fit.      GREAT SOFTWARE but takes PRACTICE.   Do not get if your gonna do a side hobbie and not put effort into this side hobbie.If you do put time and effort into this program and have the ablity to make things on your own, you will and can be very happy with this software, I know I am.  But this program is not for everyone.REMEBER your making comics, not a live action anime..."
,Recommended,262490,9378501,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,WeaponZero,"I will recommend this but do read below first. There are caveats.First off - I got this since I just wanted to do something very quick and very silly. This is important. I had money to throw around and I wanted to make a couple of friends laugh. That was it.Is it a professional tool? No - naturally not, and you can't expect to do work with this that stretches beyond rudimentary stuff.Easy to useI was actually surprised at how well the program works. It might not be professional, but it holds together very nicely and is very easy to use (and is definitely a whole lot better than what I expected).Customization is severely lackingCharacters - there are a limited amount of characters/variations you can use in the program. It's possible to have different hairstyles and ""character customization"" but poses, headshapes and so forth are limited. Understandably so of course, one can hardly expect the program to provide a repository of all manga-styles in the known universe but there are barely enough characters present to make even a rudimentary Shonen.ThemesYou can forget any sci-fi, fantasy or settings other than ""present day"". This is essentially a program to make high-school slice-of-life shonen manga. If you know any kind of 3d program and know how to import the files, your options open up but if you're without a clue as far as 3d modelling goes, you're kind of screwed.I would read the Not-a-bear's review of the program to get a nice overview over what the program can and can't do."
,Recommended,262490,9380233,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,zmortis,"I got this on a first day release Steam discount of -25%. In less than 1.5 hours of cold start with the program I had two pages of panels, backgrounds, character, balloons and text put together. It is fairly impressive in its hit the ground running with ease of use.Now on the negative side this is a very basic tool without a lot of built in flexible options. You basically get one male and one female model, some coloring and hairstyle options, and a few dozen basic ""school life"" style backgrounds.So if you want to do fairly simple panel comics with basic character models without needing any drawing skills, this program can get the job done pretty easily with a very minimal learning curve. If you want a lot of flexibility and complexity in your options, then their is no actual substitute for learning to draw it yourself here. In terms of making something interesting, you'll still need some creativity, but most of it will be in the form of selecting and using the poses available creatively with shifting camera angles and trying out expressions for the right look.If you want a complex manga drawing tool, then an illustration program is probably more appropriate, with the attendant ramp up in learning difficulty and drawing skill required."
,Recommended,262490,9381039,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Protos Ω,"Firstly, I am putting this down as a recommendation, as it is a quick way to make web comics. With all the characters being 3D objects, it makes it extremely easy to position, and rotate characters to what you want. You can import backgrounds, and there is enough to make your own unique looking characters.HOWEVER, what is offered here is exceptionally limited in the areas of clothing. You can currently only make your characters wear school uniforms, and business attire (only 4 base clothing options are available). If it were the full price when I paid for it, I wouldn't be very happy with what's on offer, but for a muck around application, and a possible tool for quick web comic creation, this could be a fantastic tool.With Steam Sales, I can see myself possibly getting some of the DLC possibly coming for it. If you aren't good at drawing anything, this tool is amazing!"
76561198006987707,Recommended,262490,9380868,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Kenshin_Campione_Tv,"its pretty good, but it could use more clothes styles. as well as younger character models. and older ones as well. probably more scene locations"
76561197997366624,Recommended,262490,9385110,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,xXAkirawind0Xx,This Great only down side is that ther not lot of desing option for the chacters only think we can hope thatin the future we will get more thay on the site 6 vol pack on bonus itmes but anyway I recommend this to all manga fan andget this I have lot of fun to make manga with this
,Recommended,262490,9376019,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Smile,"You can create your own manga in a short time.It's fast, nice and simple."
,Recommended,262490,9375722,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,MW,"this product doesnt have a license key, and no option to register your product online. so you have no access to the publishers bonus content. i send an email to them directly and waiting for answers. if anyone know please tell me. i think it would be amazing if a workshop feature is added so we could share our creations."
,Recommended,262490,16039684,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Adapt,woah
,Recommended,262490,16056487,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,[Team Magma] Ota Blogger,It's the easiet way to my comics so fast and I'm glad that I don't need to draw anything.
,Recommended,262490,16300775,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,astro,"This software absolutley exceeded my expectations. In 10 minutes you will have created your first few panels, and in a few hours you will become an expert. Very cool."
,Recommended,262490,16370675,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hollee72,"My friends once laughed at my drawings (what is that- a cockroach?!), but no more! Mwahahaha! With this manga maker, I can create my own comics, import my own content, and imagine new worlds.If you can't draw people very well (and maybe if you can), but are nevertheless imaginative and creative, you'll enjoy this. If you have kids (and you're willing to share), they'll have a blast with it.Drawbacks:*Limited software capabilities.*High price when not on sale.*Each expansion has limited content for a high price. Worth it only when on sale."
,Recommended,262490,16368941,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Halosoulfire,"This is a bare bones application and I love it.Yes there are things that can be improved and included, but its fun to fuss around with.  If you were to do another update or *shutter* DLC for skin and clothing colors and a simple word wrap for quotes.But I love this for no other reason then to make my own stories."
,Recommended,262490,16051389,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SilkDark,this app is good but for some reason i can't see the items... why's that?. please fix it . i really want to use it
76561198151765798,Recommended,262490,16022798,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,logankr94,For those wondering yes you can make your own characters. So far I love this. Having no art talent this is perfect for me. Would like to see more clothing options otherwise no complaints love it
,Recommended,262490,16034463,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Lulucat,It's so awesomeI make funny pictures for my friends in QQ groups
,Recommended,262490,16084284,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,kilyle,"CRASH BUG: For some reason ComiPo interacts with Firefox and/or Chrome browsers.  If you've had a browser open before starting ComiPo (even if the browser is now closed), ComiPo crashes on launch.  Restarting the computer seems to solve this.  Dunno if it'll ever be patched (the complaint threads I found go back a couple years).That aside, being able to add custom 3d models and rotate them to your heart's desire is pretty awesome.  I'm not sure I would ever use the ComiPo characters directly (for one, they're all the same face structure and skin tone), but they're great for figuring out how poses and gestures look from various angles, and for inspiration and overall composition.  And there are lots of bits you can add to the panels, from backgrounds to sound effects to light and shadow.You start by choosing a page type -- a category, then a subcategory of overall layout.  It has a ton of possible variations, including the Sunday paper comic format and the Japanese vertical four-panel (but sadly not the American three- or four-panel comic, as in Freefall or Kevin and Kell).  The panels can be resized or rotated, but I couldn't figure out any way to make them anything but a rectangle, which can be pretty limiting.  Still, if you're after rectangles, there's some snap-to-grid stuff going on that makes it easy to get them how you like it (much easier than in GIMP).Then you just drag elements from the left sidebar into one of the panels, and mess around with it.  Say you add a character: Make her the right size, choose a pose and an expression, rotate her and move her around in the panel until you like what you see, then add a second character or an object element or a background and keep going.  Everything stays inside the panel (there's a way to make word balloons overlap and I assume there's probably a similar setting with other elements too).  The only difficulty I had was that the boundaries on elements are way, way bigger than you'd expect, which can make it difficult to click on the right thing; you might have to select elements directly from the right sidebar list if it gets too hard to select them in-panel.Well, the other difficulty was trying to figure out how camera shots work, but once you get that worked out it's a whole new world.  See, your character can take many poses -- standing in various ways, walking, holding stuff, swinging a bat, throwing a punch, sitting or lying down, leaning over, all kinds of stuff -- but the default camera shot is a mid shot from about waist up.  You can switch shots to full shots or various angles, then rotate the character from that starting point, and zoom them out to show more of the character within the shot if you need to; it's actually quite versatile.Character creation is fun, but even with some DLC it's fairly limited.  One skin tone, one base each male and female (including just a single face shape), only two pairs of shoes (yeah,that'senough to kit out a whole cast with -- you can't even change their colors per character).  There's like a dozen hairstyles and you can change them to over a dozen colors, plus add a variety of ponytails and side bits and ribbons and such, but the ribbons have limited colors (like 1-3 choices each), which again reduces versatility.  There's half a dozen styles for the face (mostly about the eye shape and size) but that's incredibly limiting (from memory: normal, droopy/gentle, and slanted/aggressive in either big (Shoujo) or smaller (Josei) style, plus a tiny/crazy-eyed one and a weird cat-mouthed face with cartoony eyes).Warning about the costume packs: They say things like ""ten costumes"" or ""ten characters"" when they mean ""one male costume with 10 variations of coloring and/or details, and one female costume with 10 variations of coloring and/or details.""  Like the Casual Wear pack has like ten variations on a girl wearing pants and a t-shirt, but they're all the same outline, it's just that a few are color-swapped while others have designs or such.  The ""RPG Costume Pack"" is nowhere near what you'd need to populate a story set in an RPG world, not unless it's a world where all the tailors except one went on strike and the one guy who was left refused to make any variations from his favorite style.  I think I got my money's worth on the 80% off sale, but I think I'd be mad if I had paid full price for that (even though I realize a lot of effort goes into making 3d models).Other than that... so far, it's been fun to use, and I can see myself playing around with it a fair amount.  I've always wanted to make webcomics and maybe this'll help me get a little further in that direction.  As I said, playing around with composition to figure out the best setup seems far easier this way than either sketching or trying to use GIMP.Oh!  And you can find custom art on Deviant Art and such, and there are tutorials for how to import it (you have to change file formats because most of the stuff I ran across is for a different 3d-manipulation program called Miku Miku Dance or MMD).  Once you figure out how to import the 3d model with appropriate color, you can put it on the character as an Accessory (unfortunately, the program won't let you make it as Hair or Clothes directly), then mess with settings to get it in the correct relationship to the character.  And then you've got custom hair or whatever!  Tons of resources out there, it just takes some work.  And they don't cost you $15-20 for a set of ten recolors of an outfit."
,Recommended,262490,16128233,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Mike,"If you want to create the next multimillion-dollar megahit manga, learn to draw. If you want to quickly throw together simple manga for fun, get Manga Maker ComiPo."
76561198126560389,Not Recommended,262490,14715493,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,DarkProfecy,Its very limited and the rpg dlc only gives you a couple of items more its to limited for the prize it askedi do really NOT RECOMMEND IT!!!!!
76561198068180362,Recommended,262490,12199657,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,LoOOoLq8,comipo is nice but i got 4 problems1-hard to sell your commic2-i still don't know how to create movement3- i still dont know how to creat shirt for charcters4- the DLC's is to match money you need loli hope they make update :you can create a movement on comipo!and thank you......
76561198000698289,Recommended,262490,16451688,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Z0R4N,"You can't really do well without all the expensive extra character, but it's a great tool to draw character quickly and make color and post production effect on photoshop.If you take the extra effort you can make awesome looking illustrations"
,Recommended,262490,14732938,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Acarid,Great program for telling stories. It may be some what limited but you can go and download assets that you can then upload to the program its self and have more items then before without having to get the DLC but it may be some what hard to do that at times depending on the files you want. Overall its great for telling a story or creating an original idea. I would wait till its on sale to buy it unless you don't mind paying a little to much for this program. All in all its still pretty good and I have quite a lot of fun with it.
,Recommended,262490,12155347,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,MakiDragonPon,:3
76561198073613455,Recommended,262490,12178603,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Fatherfun,I say yes with a disclaimer. To truely use this for more than light school student mangayour going to need to download more assets. There are web sites that have free stuff that works.What this still needs as of my comment.a way to creat custom posesa way to cut or trim away stuff you want to disappear.those 2 items would greatly improve this software.
,Recommended,262490,12150129,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Phantom Hawk,"First look of this version was the same with the Japan one.And it just like some review said: it lacks something from the Japan version.Taking my time, I check one by one all of the features and this is what I thought.- I don't know why other reviews here keep complaining for the lack of assets.It is actually has a quite decent number to start new project.- For the main characters, you can always create one for yourself and I think it is even a must.The reason is simple. You can't create your own story without your own main character.The only thing I feel lack in here: Clothes (You must get in DLC), Screentone Effect, and Sound effect variation.Over all, this is a great software I recommended if you are BEGINNER and want to learn more about manga. BUT...I'll give a SIMPLE WARNING here: ""Don't hope to be a professional if you never learn to draw it personally.""IF you are really looking for a decent software for manga making, you better try CLIP STUDIO PAINT or MANGA EX STUDIO."
76561198036233434,Recommended,262490,12150216,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,hushicho,"Apparently there are a number of reviews from people who either don't understand the purpose of Comipo or just want to troll. I thought I would provide a review from a professional. I bought Comipo on sale to play around with it, to see what its capabilities were. I am an artist, so I don't strictly need Comipo to create my work, unlike some. But I think that many people will probably really love Comipo, and it will allow them to bring their ideas to life. It is not, however, a software for anyone and everyone.Comipo comes with a good number of resources, and it's easy enough to learn the basics. Drag and drop, click and move -- all these things should be pretty familiar to anyone who uses a computer regularly. A great feature, which is easy to use, allows the user to import photographs and other materials to use in the program, making it very easy to accommodate all kinds of settings and situations.Most all of Comipo is highly intuitive and easy to figure out, and if you're willing to experiment a little, you'll probably be delighted by the sheer amount of variety possible with it. Yes, you are limited to the options you're given, but there are just so many combinations and possibilities that I would think most users who understand what the program is for will be pleased.My only real concern is that there is not a huge amount of variety in the models, so there's a kind of youthful, school-age appearance that most every character will have, although it is possible to add age lines and such. There are also different characters in the DLC packs that make it possible to have very different-looking characters, so even that concern is dealt with at least to some extent. There are some features and aspects of the program that are less than intuitive, but these are mainly going to be more advanced ones I think, so it would be a more experienced user who will be able to figure it out.Overall, however, Comipo is an excellent program for what it offers, and it has a thriving and supportive community full of original assets just for the program! It's possible to create a huge variety of comics and tell your story. As a creator, I find it really exciting and fun to play around with, but I can imagine too that if you are someone who loves to write and create stories but cannot draw, Comipo will be a godsend. You may have to be a little imaginative and work within some limitations, but the potential for you to realise with Comipo is massive. It's huge. There's so much you can do with it.To address the common complaints from some: no, it's not going to just magically generate your comic for you. There is some work required, but Comipo all but hands everything to you on a silver platter. You basically are a few clicks and some typing away from a perfectly good comic.Yes, there are limitations in variety. Yes, you have to work within the choices you are given by the program. Every kind of program, and every kind of creative project for that matter, has boundaries that must be creatively addressed. However, for what it is, it's amazing. I get the impression the Comipo crew are a small group of dedicated people with a passion for creation that they want to share with others. The community certainly supports this feeling.So if you are a mature creator who wants to put your imagination into realising your stories, give Comipo a try. If you can look at the different items, characters, and tools presented and find your imagination bursting with possibilities, Comipo is definitely for you. It reminds me of the game/early machinima software The Movies, and all of the exciting things that were possible with it, from original creations of the community to the resources provided by the game itself, or the various versions of RPG Maker that have existed through the years.If, however, you expect effortless realisation of your whims, this isn't for you. If you aren't going to put in anything, you certainly aren't going to get anything out of it. It's the easiest and most accessible software it can be, and it has the capability to do phenomenal things. For that, I recommend it to people who really want to create but don't have the ability to draw. Comipo is for you.As a side note: I see so many writers in need of an artist to help them create their dream comic story, but few serious artists have the time or inclination, and artists who aren't serious tend not to stick with projects. Most of the time, these writers can't afford a decent or fair pay for their artists, and we artists have to make a living. Comipo can help so many of these writers to show that they can write, and well, and it can help them to make a real comic and see their vision become reality. Because of that, I wholeheartedly endorse Comipo."
,Recommended,262490,21245551,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Winkbell,"Very Cool Program!!, it's very helpful with my work."
76561198125461082,Recommended,262490,30238514,Posted: 28 February,all,boxer kedut,best game i create zamri and afne during CNI PROJECT AND I GOT 5 MARKS
,Not Recommended,262490,21750877,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,MektiKwiiger,"While I've had a lot of fun, playing around with this software, I do regret spending all that money on it and the DLC. Since purchasing it, I've found a lot of other similair software that I would rather recommend."
76561198045285245,Recommended,262490,24753039,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ellipse,"It's pretty functional. Obvs quite a bit of content is locked behind paywalls, but you can make your own assets if I remember correctly, so that's pretty sick. The spacial controls can be a little wild."
,Recommended,262490,17256058,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Humpty Jim,"This software is great! My only complaint is that the 3D models could look a bit better, but other than that it's awesome! It's very easy to use, it has a great interface, and once an effect is put on, it almost does look like real manga."
76561198030367149,Recommended,262490,26189442,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,TetiLi,"Imo, i really enjoy this game. Not the most perfect stuff i've seen, but man. You can make some fun out of it :D Well, now i don't know if it worth all the 45 euro, since i bought it on sale. But i highly recommend for you manga/anime fans out there! Have some fun with it ^^"
76561198290893073,Recommended,262490,26173305,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,trinette_searle,i love how easy it is!
76561198206370553,Recommended,262490,22146735,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,EllaLovesHetalia,This is a really good software when you get use it. If you need help learning there are a lot of tutorials on YouTube and deviantart. If you're not that good at drawing or are too lazy to draw I really recommend it. :)
76561198275229852,Recommended,262490,24318185,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Lailailailalai,"well i spend a lot time in this app b'cause i can kill some time with this. This software is actually made ""making a manga"" a lot easier. The tools in this app is just a basic tools. I'm not so understand about programming software but this software is really simple even i can do a lot. And believe me (just like the said) you can even finish your work using mouse only. You'll need a keyboard just for typing a dialogue tho'. So 8.5/10. Since there's a lot of ""engine breakdown"" and some DLC prices that uuh.... little bit expensive. So i recommend you to buy this software only if there's a sale. And yeah..... i like tis' software so much. f***in' love it"
,Recommended,262490,28662039,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mr. Nosey,"The price is 2 high TBHJust buy this when its on sale like I did, but other than that its a pretty good software!"
76561198090123913,Recommended,262490,28500812,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Serithiel,"It's a lot of fun to use and works well.I think it's great softwere.If you're looking at buying it, I think you should."
,Not Recommended,262490,28452752,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Andlong,no.faces are toooooo same.pls add options that can adjust faces.
,Recommended,262490,28334539,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Nightlark (Arma3),Hay i love this program it is just the thing i have been lookinng for for a long long tim e and im soglad i found it i give it a 10/10 on everything and i now my 3D stuff
76561198303219152,Recommended,262490,30953746,Posted: 4 April,all,ssbrooks96,"Ok this program has it's good sides and bad sides but overall and before getting into detail I want to say the program achieves what it sets out to do and I'm very satisfied considering I got it during a sale and it came with two DLC's for $14 for the entire package.I'm a writer and I'm currently using this program to design the cover art and illustrations for my book series, so I'm not using it for a manga or comic. I'm planning on using it as a supplement to my own hand drawn work. It gets the job done since I don't draw anime styles well.Side by Side Pros and Cons:Pro: Adding downloaded content is easy, just drag the file into CompiPo and you'll be greeted with an import screen.Con: There is no option to ""Batch Install"" multiple downloaded resources at once, so if you're like me and install 300 items in one go, you'll be clicking for a while before you can get to using your new content.Pro: Customizing characters is really easy, and if you know what you're doing you can make very unique looking characters.Con: No sliders, and changing a characters skin color is not done in the character creation screen but instead is done after you have made the character and placed them in your scene (what???) I have high hopes that both of these cons will change in time and if they don't I'm sure there is a talented user out there who will create a downloadable modification to change this. Either way it isn't a deal breaker for me.Pro: Quite a few scenes and items are included. Expressions are [nearly] limitless.Con: Manipulating things to look exactly the way you want is time consuming and at times difficult. This program would become a favorite of mine if a feature to freely move characters eyes and arms would be added. As of now, while there are a good many poses available, leaving a creative user to depend upon these alone seems almost torturous.Pro: Layers are easy to manipulate, snap assets, when messed with for long enough, are very useful for the interaction imagery.Con: Characters are their own layers. I would love, LOVE to be able to have my characters interact physically without using snap assets. It doesn't seem like much to ask, having characters and other objects on a 3D plane instead of layering them would perhaps be a little more daunting to use at times, but would be SO much more affective in creating scenes. Imagine, instead of having to rearrange everything every time the camera angle changes, you just have to click and drag and BAM, the entire room moves with you, along with your characters and objects. A true 3D room. I hope to see this implented in future updates too.Pro: ANIMALS!!!Con: The animals have set positions and styles and cannot be manipulated in a heavy way at all.Conclusion: The program is simple. When I found out the base program costs $49.99, my jaw dropped. I had the base program alone at one point, and it was NOT worth that price tag. Come on guys, don't be ridiculous. $14.99 for the base and the DLC was great, but the base program on its own is seriously lacking and is not worth $15 nevermind $50!So, I was displeased by that, but I didn't have to pay that, so again, not a deal breaker (for me.)To me, the base game is kinda like a burger, but without a bun or toppings. Having all the DLC I imagine would be like having a nice meal to do a lot of stuff with.My advice to the DEVs, if they even really care what I have to say: Please quit it with these ridiculous prices. The program is not worth the prices you demand. The DLC does not add enough to the game to justify $12-$18 per pack, and after having TWO DLCs I felt like all I had was the base with a good, not amazing, amount of features. If need be, keep the prices, but ADD MORE! This program has so much amazing potential, but it leaves a lot desired. I have my burger, now give me my bun and fries, dammit!This all being said, I do still recommend this program to those who are seeking something that will let them express their story without needing any drawing skills. The program can also help as a guide for those who do draw, a sort of advanced wooden mannequin type. It also serves its purpose with me as well, so I am somewhat satisfied."
,Not Recommended,262490,33028185,Posted: 30 June,all,Mimic,"I've made a few comics here and there with this software, though I lack the ability to make a compelling story. I own roughly 50% of the DLC offered with this game. Which leads me to the biggest problem with this software: Even with about half of the DLC owned, there is an underwhelming amount of customization when it comes to building the characters for your story. If you want to make a comic set in anything other than strictly a school setting, then you're screwed. Even with the DLC I purchased to try and add some variety to my characters, your options are still basically: School uniform or suit. Unless you want to make a comic with forgettable, generic-looking characters, you're going to find yourself VERY frustrated with the lack of interesting customization.Now the software itself is pretty good. It gives you a good variety with the resources and such to make your comic. But since a big part of any comic is the characters, this does not make up for the godawful character creator. It's because of this, I cannot suggest this software to anyone other than those that like to make comics with generic looking characters in a school environment. If the (Gonna say it again) character customization options were more varied and numerous, this software would be pretty damn good. Buuut I doubt the devs are going to do anything about that."
76561198208851541,Recommended,262490,33600092,Posted: 16 July,all,Midnight Rose,This is a very good product if you want to make Manga. You can make a whole story or just a  single scene
76561198006042937,Recommended,262490,32422771,Posted: 14 June,all,andymoshi,"I mostly use this program as a reference when creating characters, or template layouts for a comic. It helps with getting specific angles that are hard to emulate. It is a fun program, and comes with lots of features. Overall, I think it is best served as a reference and guide, rather than creating actual original stories."
,Recommended,262490,12185141,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Naruchin ☆,"All the negative reviews on Steam state the truth: this software is extremely limited, expensive, the DLC is absurdly overpriced and doesn't grant enough variety... but. I got it discounted for about 10 €uros and the fun I'm getting from it is more than enough. It's great to make silly little comics to share with friends or reference material.As a standalone product it's extremely lacking, but the community is pretty great with providing additional customization in hairstyles and objects.The poses are nice (although SO Japanese), the camera angles are easy to adjust and the layer system is great to do some last-minute corrections. They added the ability to customize skin colors within the program and there have been several neat updates overall.So if you intend to just have fun and maybe gain some experience in designing a comic page, get it (discounted). If you want to use the model as reference, get it as well (discounted). But at the normal price, I wouldn't ever suggest you to buy it.One word about the DLCs: while most of them provide legit material, avoid the RPG one. Boys are heroes, girls are servants... no fighting poses for girls, but they do get a mop. Lovely. /s"
76561197970899710,Recommended,262490,29023553,Posted: 4 January,all,D-Man,"This turned out to be better than I expected.The drag and drop cells in page layouts are easy to implement and customize, giving you a very fast and simple way to achieve your spacing and comic looks. Speech bubbles are fantastic although text typing needs to be carefully layed out to look pro.Character creation is great. You can get a good variation from the tools at hand. There's also a decent library of clothes and hairstyles and objects too but it doesn't have much in the way of environments. This is ok, because you want to do those externally anyway and apply toon effects etc, then re-import.The most important thing to note here is of course the posing and rigging of character models.Even though you can't control the rigging, there's still more than enough variety in the poses you can attach to your characters to come up with a decent presentation in your comics. You are able to rig head turning and tilting but not arms, legs and torso. You can attach preset hand gestures to all of these poses as well.However, with the latest updates you are now able to import OBJ files with textures and only a couple of other lesser celebrated formats as well if you manage to create them externally with Blender, Daz or Poser etc. It requires extra work and experimenting that may end up being a quest in itself, but it definitley does work as long as you follow Comipos setting requirements detailed on their website.At the moment, with this software as it stands alone, I can only see us creating teen comedies or dramas - but action/horror/sci-fi and fantasy are going to require tons of external work to be re-imported back in as 3D objects or 2D images.Yes, you can make 'anything' EXTERNALLY before importing, including you know what ;)Once Comipo introduces manual rigging with the poses and more options on clothing customization, hairstyles and objects (which I know they will), this will definitely be a better and cheaper solution than the more expensive studio software like Manga Studio or Clip Studio Paint EX etc on the market today.This is great :)...  but it is not amazing - YET."
,Recommended,262490,28811387,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sky Kitty,"As someone still learning the ropes for art, this is great for references. I suppose it's good for those that can't draw at all too, but it's terribly limited. The lack of hairstyles bothered me the most. Would give this a neutral rating if I could, but that's not an option. Besides it's already unknowingly sucked 4 hours out of my life. O_ORating- 3/5"
76561198069127511,Recommended,262490,19630442,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Ivan the Adorable,This is a pretty decent peice of software that I feel gives people who want to make manga but suck at drawing (such as myself) just enough freedom to make an ok slice of life. My main complaint is that there is too much stuff locked away by DLC which is really expensive ON TOP of the regular price which is a little steep. Also I know that there are low budget hentai games with better character creation.
,Recommended,262490,9470051,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,BossRaid,"New ReviewThey have since updated the ui as well as added many more assets i have not had a chance to look into importing but i hope they fixed that as it is there are far more cutimazation optionsnow that make this product worth a real look.Old ReviewI spent a good day researching this product. Paid the money for it then tried to get me FREE BONUS Content. I needed an account to get the free content. Haveing 2 outfits and no abulity to shape your manga char other then face and hair leaves much to be desired.This product is sold to you as a finished product thats not the case it is far from finished. You are unable to import actual char or any item yourself if it is not in one of there pree planned packs. That they Charge you money for. I Had made several Char Modles i would have liked to of added myself but the method to add them is not the same and its a much longer process and it dosnt even quite fit the way its supposed to.After about 60+ hours with this program i have given up trying to make the current char limetations work its not worth it it fails to allow you to be unique. That being said i contacted the company. Only to recive this as a responce.Thank you for your inquiry and for your interest in the software! We apologize for the inconvenience regarding the bonus materials.The Steam version does not have a product key, so it cannot be registered on the website (to access the bonus pack). Unfortunately, we regret that we cannot provide the bonus materials by e-mail.However, some of the bonus materials have been included in the Steam version of ComiPo! - and we will be adding the rest in an update in the near future.Additionally, we will have several DLC packs available on Steam in the coming weeks.Again, we're sorry for the inconvenience. If there is anything else we can help you with, feel free to let us know and we'd be more than happy to assist!Best Regards,"
,Not Recommended,262490,29443927,Posted: 23 January,all,Kanna-Gumi,"Bought this on sale and found out just how truly awful this product was for actual manga creation, original characters are basically a no go and  the need for DLC is strong as what it starts you at a 50$ value wouldnt be worth that price at all, all the DLC that adds even minor customization is 15$ or more, PER PACK and a pack doesnt really give you much of anything. The software doesnt exactly come with a tutorial either and leaves you to fiddle with it and learn the terrible product on your own. I would highly recommend if you want to start a manga style anything, that you instead find a different program that might possibly give you more than this thing claims to offer"
76561198169707389,Recommended,262490,29406814,Posted: 21 January,all,2003Dow,10/10! It's easy and fun to use! <3 I love it so much
76561198000698735,Recommended,262490,16263847,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Last Knight Down,"Ok, so the software crashes some. That is pretty much what happens when you port software like this from region to region. Whatever. Problem accepted. Run it a few times to get it going then save often. I'm from the 1990s and 2000s era of computer users so that's nothing I'm not already familiar with.... But when I started messing with the character models and settings in the tutorial? Wow. This going to be a ton of fun. Especially considering there is literally tons of free resources out there for this. You can really make any kind of comic you want, and this would even be a great way to get started on framing a comic if you wanted to draw one by hand in autodesk or photoshop. Just putting in the models and then saving the file to draw over it will be a gigantic time saver.The way this system is set up, even people who can't draw can have fun making their own comics. This would be fantastic for younger kids and highschool students to learn about art and have fun making their own stories. No skills required; Just drag and drop your favorite stuff and then fiddle with the poses and angles, top and bottom layers, shaders, etc.It is a little overpriced for what it does, but 50 bucks is not a lot of damage. If this goes on sale for 50% or more, this is a must-have for all those manga and manwa otakus out there that love making or have always wanted to make their own comics. You can enjoy this software, so definitely give it a try. :D"
