user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198044033482,Recommended,262750,11892393,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Sunken Submariner,"After I first played this game during it's second kick starter run, I have been waiting for this release with great anticipation. GoD (Graphite or Diamond) Factory is definitely the space shooter I have been looking for. It has a tremendous amount of different playstyles available, with not only a staggering number of parts for customization (this is the first game I have played in a long time in which I was happy to have a part unlock system) but also 4 different races to choose from. Also, while each races has it's own list of parts for every possible ship part, these pieces can still also be put on the ships of other races, opening up even more possible customization options. Additionally as a nice stylistic feature, almost every part of the ships you build have some effect on it's appearance, even internal ones like the power core. There is also a very nice focus on team play, plus features which actually facilitate team cooperation and communication. While the game is set to have other modes in the future, I still love the carrier assault mode that has the center of all available versions of the game so far. Finally, while I would definitely advise that you do the tutorials before playing any matches, GoD Factory is in my opinion very easy to pick up as a new player and be an effective part of your team. This is partially due to the fact that ships in this game do not die quickly. It normally takes quite a lot of effort in order to take down an enemy ship. However I should mention that there is a very good reason for this, in this game once you lose a ship it is replaced for the rest of the match by a weaker species specific drone. The drone can respawn, but every time it does so it gets a longer respawn timer. GoD Factory is a game which rewards cautious gameplay styles, or at the very least play styles that don't try to act like a one man army."
76561198020650199,Recommended,262750,11512413,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Chromehound,"Based on alpha/beta experiances and from what I have seen during Nine Dot's Twitch streams(http://www.twitch.tv/ninedotsstudio). The game is amazing. If you enjoy masses of customisation options, team play orientated play and space sims in general, GoD Factory: Wingmen is a must buy.Graphically the game is great and the audio is equally as good, and that was even before the new BGM has been put in (and if Dual Dragon's previous work is anything to go by, this will pretty sweet too).The gameplay requires good team coordination in order to take down the very durable carrier components which will in turn put a variety of debuffs on the pilots and carrier itself. Games themselves are relatively short, never exceeding 25 minutes, which is great for getting back to spending your hard earned credits on the customisations.The community around the game has been great up to now and it will be great to see that grow with a full release. The devs are all very open, helpful and fun to spend time with and it was great to fly along-side of (or against) during the past few months.In my opinion, it is definately worth checking out, and is really good value for money at the £15 price tag."
,Recommended,262750,11953159,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Archy Senpai [RTOZ],"EDIT: Sadly, while this remains a great game, the lack of players online raises a big red flag for a PvP game such as this, even though it is possible to play with and against Bots. If you pick this game up, be wary that you may not find people online to play it with. This is very sad, it's so good.This is a great title, which is saying something coming from me - I am not traditionally a huge fan of PvP games, but this does tick the boxes: solid gameplay; interesting mechanics; rewarding intelligent and strategic teamplay.Despite playing through the tutorial, it did take me some time to get used to the carrier parts and the controls, especially as I am using keyboard and mouse, but using a controller will also give a good experience. Though it is a punishing game with a high skill cap, I find myself enjoying it, despite my lack of skill. Something to work on, I suppose.The idea about the game itself is pretty simple. It's not a deathmatch; matches are up to 4 v 4 (including bots should you wish to do so), and the two teams try to destroy the enemy carrier (base) by destroying components (in the vein of Star Wars Battlefront II). If the two carriers are destroyed at the same time, then the team which has destroyed the most enemy gunships (your fighters) is considered the winner. The race-specific abilities and the purchasable add-ons also make the game quite interesting and refreshing, forcing people to think carefully about their resources and how to use them - the cooldowns can be crippling if something is used at the wrong time.The game looks great, with 4 very different races available to choose from. The ship and component designs are all vividly different from one another with clear distinctions and very interesting designs. The weapons are a particular highlight, with a huge variety all looking very nice. The great look is complemented by the maps - as of Galaxy Update 1.1 (15/11/2014) - there are now 4... the two carriers and the surrounding area, including the cover you can find from man-made factories in the area or the immense statue nearby all look great. The 3 new maps all include new unique and interesting mechanics in addition to more stunning visuals. One offers damage dealing locations, one offers healing, and one has teleporters spaced around the map. This is complemented by the game's audio. The soundtrack is absolutely brilliant, I could listen to it for hours on end. The sound design for the space combat is quite good too, disregarding the impossibility of sounds being heard in space... but who cares? Music makes it more awesome.One of the things I like most about this game is the customisation available for your ships. You start with two basic ships from two races, but are quickly able to buy more. While you do need to ""grind"" to unlock better parts - keep an eye out on the ""tech tree"" in the shop to see what you want to unlock and work towards those parts - the grind is not excessive like in some other games. The range of options available is incredible, and offers a huge range of options forcing you to make some hard decisions: do you upgrade a lower tier part to it's max level or do you skip it and use a weaker higher tier part until you can level that up? This is supported by something I quite personally like - the fact that achievements unlock further cosmetic options. This makes it interesting and fun to collect achievements if you can, while not rewarding these achievements with OP ship parts. Thus, a failure to be skilled or lucky enough to acquire an achievement will not punish you further by ensuring you will be left with comparatively substandard parts.Finally, I am pretty happy with the game developers, who are maintaining a strong presence in the community, always on top of launch issues and always happy to talk with the players and keep them up-to-date. Very, very happy with my decision to buy this game."
,Recommended,262750,12985164,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Amethyst Espeon,"This game has a great community, though not very big. The developers are quite committed to the game, and probably won't put the game down for quite a long time. I definitely suggest this game to anyone and everyone who wants a good time. Even on the lowest settings, the game is REALLY beautiful :)"
76561198056396175,Recommended,262750,17989572,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,ChronoWizard,Not for the non-dedicated player. It looks great and is pretty responsive. great with a joystick. But not for me. I probably won't ever play it again.Pros:-Responsive-Beautiful-3d wars-lots of optionsCons:-Requires time and dedication-Looks immidiately complex-i'm lazy
76561198014860773,Not Recommended,262750,12045703,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Outside Out,"[Edit 2/12/15]Having come back to take another look at Wingmen, I see that the developers did address several of my original complaints by adding new maps and gametypes and capping rewards for playing with bots. Then I checked the game's recent statistics and found this:Current players: 4 (@7pm EST)30-day Avg: 2.330-day gain: -1.9Couple those dismal numbers with a potentially final update mentioning a new project and Wingmen's lack of profitability, and the game really starts looking like a ghost ship. It's a shame, even a short single-player campaign alone might have added enough draw and mitigated the learning curve enough to sustain an online player base. Ultimately, Wingmen shows that a few missteps early on can sink a promising multiplayer title.[Original Review]I love this game, and have played it almost every day since release. That said, I can't recommend it, at least not at the current price of $20.Let's start out with what's good. The game has an excellent engine, runs very smoothly, and has no notable lag issues. Initial match load times can be slow but after that it's generally smooth sailing to the finish. The graphics are good, not exceptional but nothing to complain about either.Ships are varied, and the customization options are deep and satisfying. Taking 2 ships into each battle allows each player to prepare multiple tactics and adjust on the fly. Ships can be shared with comrades in battle. The dogfighting is solid and the carriers offer a variety of targets and strategies. A good match is a hell of a lot of fun.So why not buy it?GFW is an online battle arena with no single player campaign of any kind. That in itself is not a problem, except that there's currently only one multiplayer gametype, with only one map. I think the deficiency here is pretty self-explanatory. I have been assured more are coming by a developer, but until then is now, it's an issue. I believe this game should be properly classified with the ""Early Access"" titles at this point.Getting a game started, especially at non-peak times, involves a lot of waiting. As of this review, the community averages 30-40 players at midday, and 80-100 peak. A full session is 8 players, and less is not nearly as much fun. The game allows you to substitute bots of varying configuration and difficulty, which would be good except that the bots currently provide better rewards than real opponents, so the lobby list is full of rooms with 1-2 people and 6-7 bots. The developer also assures me that bot rewards will be reduced soon. It can't come soon enough, in my opinion.Compounding the frustration of the small community are a variety of social features the game is lacking. It does not populate Steam's ""recent players"" list, so you have to manually search for anyone you want to friend, and then sort through the many results. It does not offer in-game voice chat of any kind. It does not offer basic options such as blocking chat from a disruptive player. There is no solution to an idle host, aside from leaving and starting a new lobby. There is no persistent squad chat, as squads are immediately disbanded after each match. Communication mid-game is bolstered by a nice team command broadcast menu, but this can't be assigned to a gamepad like everything else can.Some final notes: Gamepad support is a plus, but the recommended mappings beg to be reassigned immediately. The music is great at first, but the one extended track rapidly becomes repetitive. The tutorial is helpful and gives you a credit boost to start, but is frustratingly segmented. Notice how everything is ""good, but....""Bottom line: Unless you are a space combat fanatic, wait for more features and a lower price. You can get a hell of a lot more for $20 out of the Steam catalogue."
,Recommended,262750,11935008,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Death Dream,"GoD Factory: Wingmen is a fun game. With only one game mode and a single map that has randomly placed parts between you and the ship. You'd think you would get bored fast. But you honestly don't. There is always something to unlock even hitting the max level. The ships and weapon customization make it the game.For $10, an instant buy in my book. $20...eeeeeeeh, if you're a hardcore space sim type of person, buy it.I'm currently using mouse and keyboard and have no issue dominating. Sometimes moving the mouse is a bit much but I don't find it a problem. With that said, I have  a Joystick on order for Star Citizen. I will update this review with a joystick once I try it out.Edit: JoysticksI got my HOTAS setup and the mapping wizard in game is great. However, I feel a little slower with the joystick than I do with a mouse. That might have a lot to do with the fact I'm still new to a HOTAS setup. As of right now, the support is there and works. I am just not use to it yet. I'll have to give it some time to get better at this."
,Recommended,262750,11567084,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Gromduraz,"I demo'd this game at PAX East and was part of the beta. My experience with this game was really positive; it's a polished title that is a unique experience, especially among the space sim revival we're currently experiencing. I'll break particular aspects of the game down below:Controls:I'll get this out of the way right now; this game currently does not have my joystick supported (x52) but I've been reassured by the devs that the kinks for this particular model will be worked out by launch. Despite my personal joystick not working too well, the joysticks at PAX East functioned brilliantly; the input felt responsive and smooth. A lot of the gameplay of GoD Factory doesn't rely super heavily on twitch aiming, so it's possible the finer aiming problems weren't evident. The game also allows for some really cool manuevers while still maintaining a high level of accessibility (the ideal easy to learn, difficult to master, which I think is an overarching design decision for this game as a whole). A sort of temporary newtonian mode (almost like drifting) allows for some slick, intense dogfights.Core Gameplay:The standard gamemode for this is heavily strategic. It allows for teams to asses their strengths, the enemy's weakness, then assault the enemy in a manner that they deem will cripple them the most. Perhaps the enemy has a lot of lock-on missiles; destroying the radar tower would make it more difficult for target acquisition. Things like that. There's a lot of replayability in the core gameplay (carrier v. carrier) alone. In the future however, to maybe avoid things getting a bit stale, consider different carrier ships or even game modes. I don't forsee the core game getting stale for a long time though.Mechanics:This is where this game really shines for me. Finally, the ability to modularly construct your ship without a straight upgrade path. Heavier weapons? Well now your ship is slower. Let's put a bigger engine one...now you need more energy. Slap a bigger power core on; now you're generating more heat. There's a really smart system behind this that really allows for no single 'best build' ship.  I'm very excited to see what kind of weird builds the community comes up with. I was able to swap between mine laying ships to support/snaring ships, to sort of rocket bombers. All within the first tier of gameplay. It's honestly very head spinning, even beyond just the simple weapons. Once you delve into power cores, ship bodies/wings, computers, etc. it can almost become a game in of itself. Particular weapons don't just become more powerful either; the model that the devs have constructed allows for really slim, minimalistic ships to potentially be viable. Combining this crazy individual customization with a 4 man team is a recipe for infinite replayability. Think Dota 2 meets X-wing.I almost forgot combos: Weapons have damage types that can potentially be combined with other damage types that allow for combos to form. I can't imagine how difficult/awesome it's going to be to pull off some of the higher level tier combos with my friends.Graphics/Audio:Personally, graphics aren't a major factor for me. Especially with a game like this that has such strategic depth. I will say that the art style is definitely unique, and I'm very happy to report that your customized modular ships actually change appearance with every part. That, to me, means that the graphics definitely do their job. It also allows the game to be a lot more accessible hardware wise, which is great for the potential esport future of this game.Overall:To summarize my beta/PAX experience, this game looks really solid and I'm furious I can't play it right now. The game is accessible for gamers who aren't 'pilots' but allows for seasoned aces to pull off some awesome stuff. It has an interesting gameplay mode with an incredibly in-depth ship building mechanism that is dizzying in depth. All at a very reasonable price."
,Recommended,262750,11511928,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Wβ,Star Fox Online
76561198025023524,Recommended,262750,13558696,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ninjouri,"Dear Nine Dots,please make it so players can join matches in progress. Other than that this game is VERY well done.To everyone else. If you like space/ flight combat sims...get this one. It is awesome.True customization is somthing that has been lacking in the current generation of videogames, but Nine Dots nailed it.Most online teamwork games can have one person carry a whole team if they have skill and a fast computer; Nine Dots made it so players actually have to work together better than their opponants over the course of the WHOLE match to win.An early death can hurt your chances of winning, but dont underestemate the drones either they are way more handy than they sound."
76561197969749884,Not Recommended,262750,23565816,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"Sadly this game is all about multiplayer, which has been close to abandoned except for veterans with superb ships, which will destroy all newcomers outright. I had quite a bit of fun with this game, but it sadly isn't worth a purchase, as there is no singleplayer experience whatsoever."
76561198124988035,Recommended,262750,11962900,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,labyrinth_shredder,"I really enjoy playing this one a lot! The art design and gameplay are superb and it's really fun blasting around the galaxy having dogfights and attacking the carriers. The 4 vs 4 format works really well and the ship customization is very deep.I would describe this game as Starfox meets Zone of The Enders; even envoking classic space shooters like Wing Commander. The gameplay is very fast and it's a lot of fun once you get the hang of flying. I would advise turning the sensitivity up as it's set very low initially and feels a bit difficult to turn. Otherwise a mouse and keyboard work great for this game (I imagine it would play equally well on a gamepad or joystick). There are also tons of different weapon combinations and every ship you encounter will be fairly unique. The music is also well executed and provides a nice atmosphere.The only drawback is that there is no storyline and one map. I really like the map however as it's very detailed with many structures and a huge area to fly in. There is enough variety in it that it really feels different each time. Plus it's beautiful to look at so it doesn't feel repetitive.The devs are super cool and are online playing frequently. They seem very receptive to player feedback and genuiley interested in making a great game. Nine Dots Studio is planning on adding more content in the future, so I wouldn't be surprised if there are more maps and story missions on the way. You guys did a great job!Now... back to blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up!"
76561198029696381,Recommended,262750,11817857,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,AcedFox,"One of the best games I have waited for from the time I played the beta.A game that I can play only with a joystick. (and there are not much out there that I perfer to use one)4 different races, with all their own style. Also the style you can't really compare that with anything else that's out right now.A 4 vs 4 gameplay space simulation shooter.In overall, A fresh new game on the market that looks and works great. you just only need to like space games."
,Recommended,262750,13675959,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DethStrobe,"I love the hell out of this game. Its a nice balance of arcady dog fighting action and pseudo simulation space combat.You want to feel like Luke Skywalker fighting off the Deathstar? Fly in to the enemy ship take out their shield generator, then hit their core and by the time you finish that off the enemy carrier is about to go up in smoke.It has a really interesting hit and run mechanic. It takes time to repair your ship, which can mostly only be done in the docking bay of your own carrier. Also burning through ammo happens pretty frequent. So it really encourages you to go back to the dock and swap out your ships to repair/reload your old one.The ship customizing is a lot of fun. There are a lot of variables to take in to account to customize your fighter. Slow ships seem like they'll be better at defending your own carrier. Fast ships with light payloads seem better for hit and run tactics on the enemy carrier. But if you're to slow at hit and running the enemy carrier parts may heal up your damage. So, maybe its better to take more ammo or higher damaging weapons, but then it'll slow you down and make it harder to run away in a dog fight. So many things to consider, and so much fun to be had.Its also nice that fighter parts aren't 100% better upgrades. You can level up parts to make them stronger, but they come at the cost of requiring more energy, heat, or weight. So sometimes it is better to go with a lower level part just so you don't weigh yourself down and can boost for longer and faster. This also means that low level ships when you first start do have some small advantages over higher level ships. While you don't be able to stand toe to toe with the highest level guys, you still won't be completely screwed either.Also, unlocking and leveling up parts is at a very steady progression. When you first start the game you'll have more credits then you know what to do with. But after that you won't have enough credits to get what you really want, but it only takes about 2 games to get enough credits to unlock what you want. So it never feels too grindy.The current game community is really small. But I personally have been having a lot of fun still just playing against Bots. I've been in one game with 4v4 and the game completely changes. Suddenly those hit and run tactics aren't so effective against players (because bots are stupid).  But I assume its still viable, just need to rethink it a bit.I feel this game is the perfect level of space sim and arcade dog fighting action. For example, it's really satisfying to fly past an enemy fighter, do a quick 180 degree maneuver, cut out the engines for a sec to continue to drift forwards and blow your enemy to ribbons as they attempt to do the same thing. Some real epic space combat there.I highly recommend this game. Its awesome. Buy it so I have more people to play with."
,Recommended,262750,16242483,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,MadMarkizen,"If you are in desperate need of Armored Core-ish multiplayer experience on Steam, GoD Factory: Wingmen is just the thing for you. There is a whole lot of parts to pick for your favorite gunship. Flak guns, cannons, homing missles, mine dispensers, shockwave blasts, chain lightning shots, rockets, machine guns, satellite doomlasers just to name a few! And thats just the weaponry, constructing the actual gunships body features a ton more equipment to use, including: cockpit, wings, generator, forcefields and targetting devices. GoD Factory: Wingmen encourages players to experiment and have a lot of fun while at it. Each unlocked achievment gets you reward of credits to buy/upgrade parts and various color schemes to make your gunship beautiful in addition to deadly. Game features remarkable visuals and soundtrack, additionaly it is frequently maintained by developers and in my experience has a pretty welcoming and helpful community. In conclusion: if you are into Mecha themed stuff and/or marvelous dogfights in space, this game is a must have for you."
76561198004883080,Recommended,262750,11786511,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Le Ratondondaine,"Played the BETA during the last few week of testing. Great gameall around. Strategy, action, ship building, graphics. THE WHOLE SHEBANG!"
,Recommended,262750,11932377,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Snowbro's bad cream,"The only way to game competitively without playing Smite, LoL, Dota or FPS games is GOD.There is a huge customization and the gameplay is absolutely stunning; BUT you do need at least one friend to play with, otherwise it won't be easy to start enjoying the game soon.  Once you've learned the basics you can indeed do stuff by yourself, but the game is all about teamwork; you can use so many different strategies that your mind will blow.Personally I have been playing alone until somebody picked me up, but I still managed to have tons of fun because the customization (as I said) is so great it will take one week just to learn all the parts, then you can make all kind of gunships according to your needs, and they work!Also, the developers are so nice and they always hang out in the chat, and they want their game to be perfect: they are willing to balance every single thing so that you will be able to make as many kinds of gunships as possible!To all potential GOD players: Starting may not be too easy, but the game is so rewarding and it's a great chance to meet a lot of new interesting people!"
76561198109626108,Not Recommended,262750,11932987,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Skeks,"A great concept ruined by poor planningLet me start by saying that the game looks beautiful, and runs smooth, and at moments in time very much gives the feel of the epic space battle its simulating. However all of this simply makes the game somewhat more bittersweet in its failures. As is so often the case with these sorts of beautiful battle arena type games, Two factors in particular have led to the writing of this review. Either by itself would probably not be an issue, but combined they have made the game an exercise in frustration.Firstly is the slow matchmaking. Matches take a full 8 players every time, and will not start with less. One person sitting Afk in a lobby can completely stall up an entire match and force you to go looking for another one. The host can kick them, but as half the time the host is the one AFK, this does not help much. Half the time quickmatch will que you back with the same said afk person for several minutes before finding you a new lobby. Admittedly however, dev's do seem to be working on this.Secondly is imbalance. Matches will quite often throw you as a rank amateur against teams of entirely seasoned vets/aces. This might not be an issue if the game autobalanced to give lowbies a better chance, but sadly it does not. And where as you would hope most of the community would want a fair fight, it is more often than not that you will enter a lobby only to find a team of max rank individuals fighting a team of complete rank 1/2 newbies. With very few people willing to give up said obvious highground it is often about as fruitless as being with the afk people because no lowbie dares want to hit ready and start up that obvious loss. Like with the AFK hosts, you will often find yourself thrown back up against the same team of all max ranks 3-4 times till hopefully another match pops up, or like I did, you stop playing. Once again, according to a response by devteam, this is an issue they are working on, but at the moment it is still an issue on nonetheless. Hopefully as the game progreses these things will become nonissues, and we can all enjoy some dogfighting.Edited~ A swift response from Dev's informed me I was incorrect about slates not being wiped before official launch and I have redacted my complaint on the matter."
76561198148631659,Recommended,262750,13672310,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,theplayerx4734,"God factory is 1 of the best games out there, but it is lacking players, everything else is exceptional, i recomend this game"
76561197998931315,Recommended,262750,12528027,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,TinFoilMkIV,"God Factory: Wingmen is a rather unique game, combining space fighters, dogfighting, Moba style objectives and a great deal of customization. I'm certainly not the first and definitely not the last person to say this, but this is the first game in quite a while that has given me a legitimate reason to want to buy a joystick.Firstly if money is a factor that makes you hesitate then at the time I'm writing this I would hold off for a bit, as the game is majorly PvP centric and getting a good match going can be difficult at the moment due mainly to a low population. You can play against bots but players are always the better choice, and the bots don't exactly go easy on new players even at low ranks. There is a major update incoming as well as a free weekend so if this interests you keep and eye and give it a shot while its free.The game itself has a lot of depth, which is both good and bad. I personally really enjoy the detail that goes into building your own personal ship as well as the great deal of options in game of both tactics and maneuvers, however there is a LOT to learn, which can certainly get in the way of getting comfortable playing the game. It can be rather daunting starting out but I found that it gets better and better the more you learn. One mistake thats easy to make is getting too hung up on ship setups and equipment. Most weapons and such handle similarly enough (there are of course exceptions) that a player whos got good control skills will do well and one without will almost always do poorly, so I would focus more on getting the gameplay control down before worrying too much about trying to make a super flying deathmachine.Most of the regular players are quite friendly and can give some pretty good advice.Ship Customization:There are tiers of ship parts, for the core frame parts (wings, body, cockpit) the higher tiers are generally higher stats but higher requirements as well, so higher end is generally stronger if you can fit it in.Some special parts such as abilities and special equipment often have radically different effects with a same basic idea behind them per tier, so while higher may cost more it will not always be better performance wise depending on what you want to use it for.weapons work similarly to the core parts but with the damage types and constraint limits with many high end parts, as well as the flexibility of having two wing weapons, maximum tier versions of the weapon are not always the best choice.Ship constraints are determined by parts such as the body, and generator and such, however the constraints themselves are not hard capped, you can exceed the constraints and take a penalty based on what category you're exceeding, which scale based on how much you exceed by. It is quite possible to make and exceptional ship that goes over its constraint limits but is generally something you'll want to avoid.overall - lots and lots of details, this can be very overwhelming but a solid basic setup will still perform well and doesn't need to be overanalyzed when starting out. I personally love the level of detail that can go into ship building but this can be a negative as well for some playersControls:Personally I found the default mouse and keyboard controls to be a bit awkward at first, after getting used to them a bit it worked very well, but I did end up changing them so I would conflict too much with other games I play as switching back and forth between control schemes with some similarities was more trouble then it was worth to me, but with a few minor adjustments it works great. Also there's word that the new version (incoming fairly soon) will have altered default controls to match up more closely with more commong Mouse+keyboard schemes players may be familiar with. And although I don't have access to a setup regularly the game is a blast with a good joystick.There are a wide variety of built in maneuvers available to the player and they're flexible enough to be used in a very wide variety of ways to create some pretty crazy maneuvers.overall - Has a significant learning curve but I feel the controls are solid, and offer enough options and flexibility to create a good non-restrictive experienceGameplay:The game itself currently consists of two teams fighting to destroy eachothers carriers, it has Moba style objectives where killing the oposing team players does offer and advantage but if not capitalized on doesn't garuntee anything.Currently there is one map with several new ones reportedly coming in the next update, however I'd also like to add that the map is varied and balanced enough that with the way the game plays I would say that this is not a problem.Dogfighting is important but as above with kills is not anywhere near the end all of how to win or even play. Ultimately the carrier is what matters and your ability to either stop the enemies attack force or simply outdo their offense with your own will determine the match. Additionally carriers have a main cannon that will periodically fire at eachother creating a limit to how long a match can last, with a draw being determined by either most gunship kills (a players main ship) or additionally the teams overall score if kills were even as well.The carrier has several destroyable parts such as a radar, repair station, shield generator, which when destroyed inflicts a different penalty on the opposing team as well as suffering damage to their overall carrier integrity. This allows for many different approaches on how to take out the carrier, from going for surprise attacks on undefended parts, crippling the enemies ability to resupply and radar range, or even going for maximum carrier damage by stripping its defenses.It's also important to note that players themselves can be harder to destroy than might be expected, often requiring at least two players to garuntee a kill before an experienced player can escape to relative safety, however losing a ship can be a major loss to a team or individual, as a lost gunship is permanently out for the rest of the match. A player is allowed to bring two seperate gunships into a match and they may not have any overlapping parts (with 4 different races to pick from even building two ships for similar roles and performance is quite doable), and a lost ship is replaced with a standard drong ship for that race, which are generally weak stat wise but cannot be ignored as they can still turn the tide of a battle as well as not costing the team any points towars a tiebreaker if the drone is destroyed as it will respawn. Also players are allowed to request to share ships with another of their teammates giving both players free access to eachothers ships for the rest of the match, altho the rules for losing ships remain even if another player is piloting one of your ships.overall - a unique game with a focus more on team objectives than a straight forwards deathmatch. There is as much place on a team for a player who wants only to shoot down enemy fighters as well as a player who wants to focus solely on bombing the carrier. Survival is also quite important as you may lose an edge with too many gunships lost, but kills alone don't decide the match and a team can lose many more ships than the opponent and still come out significantly on top.Final notes, again at the time of writing this there is an update incoming and reportedly shortly after this game will be available for a free weekend so if this interests you at all, keep an eye out."
,Recommended,262750,12862311,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Grapegifter,"I really like the mechanics in this game, everything feels pretty solid and smooth, and it's not the hardest thing to learn either, just takes some getting used to. The only problem I have is that there's hardly ever anyone else on, mostly just bots, fair warning."
76561198073982782,Not Recommended,262750,12328884,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Wrecked0002,"The game is not bad but it is dead, just logged on. 4 players total online."
76561198110333191,Recommended,262750,11510460,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,ant4505,As an alpha and beta tester/player I can say this game is awesome. A perfect mix of strategy and action. the little table below will show all the positive and negative things abot this game. Attentiveness all my opinion is not your also for my opinion I based about my alpha/beta experience so maybe im wrong.CharacteristicNoteGraphicGreatGameplayGood with a gamepad or joystickFun∞Overall9.857754166521985/10sorry there are no spoiler. best luck next time!
76561198053151717,Recommended,262750,11913206,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Gloade,"All the positive reviews are about people that played the alpha or beta and i have not played any of them.Most of the players are afk and some people choose not to ready up, no wait kick so they are there for life-matchmaking is wonky -took me 15 lobbys to get into 1 game that my team lost because they just liked flying around-gameplay is awesome, keyboard is fine (screw those 2 reviews they didnt help whats so ever if you cant run this that means you cant run WoW +-playerbase is small but ok for a new game + --HARD to get into games --rewards are awesome and feel like they have a impact +-has the starwars battle front space fight aspect (its great)+-you fell like you always make a impact when destroying parts of a ship +Over all this game is ok to buy but the game falls flat when it comes to teamwork, also did i mention it takes forever to get into a game, buy it if you like starwars battle front 2 space battles."
,Recommended,262750,13062145,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Danny_☆,Great game but needs a bigger player base D:!!!!
76561198020440408,Recommended,262750,11952906,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,- Fo@m -,"Despite a few launch bugs this game has been a lot of fun.Pros:1) Intuitive controls2) Fun objectives3) In depth customization4) Challenging achievements5) Suits small groups of friends6) Launch bugs were fixed overnightCons:1) Ship building UI could be more user friendly. It can be tiresome clicking back and forth to compare parts. Also, I wish it would indicate clearly when a ship part was being used on multiple ships to make building more user friendly.2) There is almost no incentive to dogfight, destroy the enemies carrier to win. While that's the objective you'd think there would be more focus on ship to ship combat - maybe kill streaks/buffs?3) Simplify the combo and damage system, having several damage types is confusing."
76561198046924926,Recommended,262750,12985078,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,FlyinSquirrel,I highly suggest this game if you liked the space battles in Star Wars Battlefront 2 and the subsequent titles. Almost exactly the same with cool new features and customization options.
,Recommended,262750,11923254,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,sigh,"I don't know why people complain about this gameneedinga joystick. Sure, it would be better for most, but a mouse and keyboard are fine too. Suck it up, get a bigger mousepad, and learn the controls. If not, buy a $20 Logitech joystick off Amazon for Christ's sake.Anyways, a really nice game, smooth gameplay for nice graphics. For pretty much all games, get it while on sale."
,Recommended,262750,11913225,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,JB || Nexev,"While this game is a very recent one it manages to perform very solidly a Battle Frontier like space gameplay, allowing the game to be somewhat simple in the rules. Despite this teamwork is key if one is to expect to make a dent in my opponents.My one gripe is the complete lack of setting, I don't even care if there is no story but WHAT IS A CHRONIUM AND WHY ARE THEIR SHIPS ALL DRAGONS?"
,Recommended,262750,13126829,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,aubergine,"I love this game and still do but one day there were a ton of people, and after that day the max amount of people I've seen on this game is 10. I don't know why that happened, this game is amazing. Maybe people have just moved on. :(The Game feels solid, the controls are amazng (love the music) and it is a wonderful concept. I reccomend that you buy this game as well as tell your friends to as well so you can play private matches. It is sad that almost no one is on, but an excelent game. (though, obviously, it is laggy sometimes)I give it a 9.75/10"
76561197981023172,Recommended,262750,13857715,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Jon The Red,"If you like space/flying shooters, this game is great. Many customizing options. Only issue is a very small community. Would recommend this game if you got people to play with. Really enjoy it myself, even in short time I've played."
,Recommended,262750,13930371,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,kPeRiSh,Very technical and it just blew my mind playing with keyboard and mouse. And I actually rekindled my love for gaming playing this game.
76561198003623004,Recommended,262750,13062114,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Ulfhedinn,"this is an amazing game and i recommend it to other, the only problem is that north american player base is currently 20-"
,Recommended,262750,11963335,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Bobcat,This game is wonderful. Definitly a game that the developers of Star wars battlefront three should look up to for space battles.
76561197964036171,Recommended,262750,11917867,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,reborn,"So far, love it. Been looking for a great space fighting sim that was out now, doesn't cost a lot, great visuals, customizable, great controls weapons and dosn't take all day to have a quick dog fight. Excellent concept and executed to where the average gamer can pick up and play, yet a seasoned player can enjoy owning a team."
,Recommended,262750,11935028,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Imseti,"Ah, the game is hard, is it? I have trouble understanding how a game can be 'hard' when it's against other players. Doesn't that mean you're simply worse than other players? That's actually the only possible explanation. And GoD Factory doesn't hold your hand and equalize players like other games might. It's fair. You're rewarded for intelligence and strategy, and punished for stupidity and foolhardiness. It requires teamwork, initiative, audacity, and strategy. For players used to running around a 'multiplayer' match by themselves, killing enemies without regard to objective... sure, GoD Factory might be 'hard.' But since it's a PvP game, that can only mean they're playing it wrong. It's a more old-school game where you need to construct your ship with some goal in mind, formulate a plan on the fly to fulfill that goal, and execute it with only your balls and your brain. So far, the game has had a smooth launch - compared to most other games we've been seeing - and the few bugs it has are easily worked around. It's exquisitely balanced. It's gratifying to see devs who obviously spent way more time honing gameplay than polishing pointless bits and bobs to make it look 'nice' while playing like crap. Sure, it's rough, but it runs smooth in all the right places. It renews my faith in game devs to see this game launch with such well-tuned, challenging, rewarding gameplay. So - you want gameplay? This game is all about gameplay. You want teamwork? This game requires it. You want just the right amount of mechanics to make strategy worthwhile? GoD Factory has that too. It's well-balanced, fine-tuned, and a heck of a lot of fun. I have not had this much fun in a PvP game since I was playing mods for Half-Life. The negative reviews on this game are more of a reflection on the incompetence of this generation of gamers more than the game itself."
,Recommended,262750,13261338,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Vastonik,"Great game, but no one bloody plays it."
,Recommended,262750,15516097,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,anderstsslg [No. 4],"I haven't played in a long time, but from what I did play it was awesome, just found it hard to find games at the time, I have recently seen that it is in the latest Weekly Bundle on the Humble Bundle website (along with some other awesome multiplayer games), hopefully this will revive the community and we can start getting some awesome space battles going on, even some clan vs. clan matches."
,Recommended,262750,13516883,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ChicoDeath,Great game needs more players tho
,Recommended,262750,13859478,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,[[[Alphageddon]]],"Great game!The customization is great, allowing different styles of fighting.I wish the devs could add more depth into the game, like different play modes (Deathmatch, all drones, death race, infinte ammo + double armor, etc). These changes could make the old players stay longer, and atract new players. As the game is right now, we can easily figure out all the options and future progress before hand, and once a game is figured out, it usually loses its fun. Even though, I highly recommend everyone to play it, especiallly because I believe the devs will keep improving the game even more.Keep up the good work, devs!"
,Recommended,262750,20461883,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Telarius,"Being a fan of Star Wars Galactic Starfighter (aka GSF), I was looking for a standalone space combat game that offered a similar feel, with more customization.  It was this title that won out over several others I own.  The ships themselves are so unique in design, and the environment is very immersive.  As far as gameplay, I find it quite engaging.  As I have not played the game extensively yet, I cannot provide an in-depth review of every aspect.  Nonetheless, considering price and content, I highly recommend this title to fans of space combat.My only complaint is that the game can be a bit confusing and things are not always intuitive.  Having stated that, when I requested assistance through the company's ""Contact Us"" address, I received an accurate and helpful response within less than an hour!  The developers are very engaged and support their product fully, a product they should be in my opinion, very proud of!Update 01/20/1016: After almost 100 hours into this game, I can definitely rates as one of my favorite space combat games by far.  Ship design allows for almost endless flexibility and though the controls take some getting used to, it is worth every moment of effort!"
,Recommended,262750,11913440,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Alger Drakes,so far its a perty normal space fighter game with a 4v4 team fights nothing to special but its fun and has alot of potential
76561198056801074,Recommended,262750,11913512,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,NightWraith01,not so easy on the first few rounds but after that it's quite fun !+looks good and nice soundtrack~
,Recommended,262750,11942753,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Porpoise,"GoD Factory: Wingmen is a game that mixes the joy of building a ship the way you want it with highspeed space dog fighting action. The quick back a forth battles allow for one match to be a tug of war match from hell. Go into battle with 2 different ships you build to your liking while selecting from 4 different spieces of ships. Either take the enemies down while defending your carrier's components, or take the fight to them and destroy their carrier piece by piece. This game gets a fun/10."
,Not Recommended,262750,30292683,Posted: 3 March,all,Alexander,"as othere said, the multiplayer is dead.. but this isn't the only reason why i refunded it. the graphics are a sore to look at. especially ships. they're so overly-engineered(and in a visual way not in a practical way) that its just... WTF am i looking at!? is it a ship? a human? a sexy space alien girl that shoots lazers? the UI.. isn't informative. and the ships are just way too fast.  the combat is not ''small agile ships dog-fighting'' its A-10's dog-fighting with only their miniguns at mach 1! (remember A-10 isn't fast in real life and thats kinda what makes its mini-gun work) its not that i can't react in time.. its that after i start to shoot i'm already past the enemy without doing much damage.. and controls are.... clunky."
76561198079571026,Recommended,262750,28268395,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,-*[GoD][+evil+Godlike]*-,Well its a shame not 2 many people play this !! the game looks amazing !!
76561198084658787,Recommended,262750,16654876,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,nicklasgeist,"Nice graphics, nice soundtrack, great controlls, but it would even be more fun if there would be more than one gamemode."
,Recommended,262750,13415281,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,CytoPlasm,"In short, this is 3d shooter-maneuver game with 4x4 lobby action.Features:* 1 v 1 space mothership battle in space* getting and choosing upgrades for your ships* using two customizable in-battle abilities* coordination with your [up to 3] teammates* running away from angry enemies who don't like you near their mothershipPros:* not Yet Another World War 2 Simulation with ""real planes"" which is disbalanced* not Yet Another Game Pretending To Be Space Sim (space simulations do not exist)* upgrades for ships are directly influencing your balance levels and showed in percentage weight of your team setup - easier team setting* maps are quite big, with jumps and regeneration zones (though I did't get in everything this yet)* 4 races with only 2 slots leaves you with at least 6 combinations [but usually much more setups]* after you get your hand with it, allows you establish your team for fighting more skillful and good teams* weapons allow you to choose different combat role* unique: weapon powers combinations* unique: power-heat-weight ship balancingCons:* no single player things -  it is MP game* not fun to be played with bots - obviously, as it is same as Counter-Strike in space* game not have much popularity [yet], but there is always some guys in lobbyVerdict: Counter-Strike in 3d is unique game idea, which no other product offers.If you are bored with every other game, try this.Best played with joystick+kbd, but mouse+kbd or gamepad is good viable play style."
,Recommended,262750,19229374,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,al_fu,"Fly with a ship and be responsible for taking the right or wrong piece of spaceship into the battlefield.  It deserves a lot of attention to tweak every gunship parts available and you can either choose to enhance the versatility of two species or to develop the whole culture of spatial craft from the four species/gunship types.It can be very exciting to play with players.   Playing solo is also entertaining.For hardcore gamers !  When you destroy your two available ships, you have replacement gunships that are weaker.  It is very frustrating when you lose both of your very own crafted ships on the first half of the match but a good player lobby allows an easy simple balancing of the level of difficulty encountered by each team at the beginning of every match."
76561197967018378,Recommended,262750,11935445,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Xeeq,"I honestly had never heard of this game until the day before it went live.  After watching a couple of vids, pre-ordered it on the spot.  I've never done a review on Steam before, but I really wanted to put in my two cents about this game.  Here it goes:First here is a description of what the game actually is:  Online Team-based PvP Multiplayer,  Online Team-Based bot Multiplayer,   There is only one map currently, only one game-type currently (Take out their carrier before they take out yours), 4 different classes of ships (Glass cannon, Support, Bomber/bruiser, Tank/Support), progression system similar to that of Warframe (Leveling up ship components levels up your pilot rank, leveling up your pilot rank unlocks new ship components), High octane space-combat.[6-10] Pros:[8] Graphics quality:  While this is no Star Citizen, the games looks absolutely beautiful without being too demanding on my rig.[9] Art-style: I love this game's art-style.  It feels like Zone of the Enders meets Wildstar. To my knowledge, their is no space sim currently out or in development with this style.  It's a refreshing add to the genre.[7] Progression System: The model they used is an excellent progression system in my opinion.  Fight to earn XP-->XP levels up your ship components-->level up your ship components to get Pilot Rank XP-->Ranking up unlocks ship components-->buy and equip your new components-->Fight to earn XP.[8] Gameplay:  This game is fun to play.  The combat has that ""ZING"".  You feel your thrusters ripping your ship through space.     You feel your munitions slamming into your opponent's hull.[10] Tutorial quality/Learning Curve:  Not too steep of a learning curve.  The devs have included a nice tutorial, which awards you with in-game credits for each peice you complete. After completing the tutorial, you will not only know how to control that space ripping flight we talked about earlier, but you will also have enough credits to buy all the components needed to build an entire ship.[7] Price:  The game is $20.  If you pre-ordered it, you got 2 copies for $20.  Maybe the devs could have given us one or two more maps, but even though they didn't, I would say the game is worth the $20.Oculus Rift support:  I can't rate this portion because I don't have a Rift dev kit, but I felt like the fact that it has the support needed to be mentioned.[1-5] Cons:[1] Depth:  This game does not have much depth.  There is one game-type, and there is one map.  There is no single player compaign.  Can't see myself playing this game longer than a week or two before I put it down for a while.[4] Match time: Because each team's carrier is attacking the other throughout the match,  each match will last only a maximum of 25 minutes.   In my experience, most matches are done in ~10 minutes.  At the end of most matches, I don't feel like I got enoughy time in the game to satisfy me.[7.5] Overall:  I nerded out and dropped 20 hours into this puppy in two days.  I will probably toss another 10 hours at it over the next day or so.  Unfortunately, the game isn't going to keep me going for much longer.  Hopefully the devs will come out with some new content in the near future."
,Recommended,262750,11947987,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,jvanier,"Great visuals, great depth. Nice work on the game!"
76561197970651372,Recommended,262750,11931411,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,WraithKnight,"Other then some usual hiccups with a new game hitting a large market this is a fun take on so many F2P space games.  Yet there is no microtransactions who would have though it was possible.There is a solid leveling system with a large number of parts and each parts has 4 different qualities that you can upgrade to just by earning mastery points from using them in combat.This games 4v4 matchs (PvP, or Co-op) focus pretty heavily on team play with many modules benefitting team mates as well as yourself.  With attacking and defending of your carrier creating some real back and forth game play."
,Recommended,262750,11964221,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,OhmsRo,"Short (ish) VersionPros:1> High focus on team play when wanting to use ""Combo attacks""2> Learning curve isnt too steep (I am a casual gamer)3> No motion sickness4> Games never exceed past 25 minutes5> Customization is pretty straight forward once you figure it out6> Game forces you to either reep rewards or face the repercautions of your actions such as losing a ship/cargo partCons:1> Customization was not included in the tutorials as much as OTHERS need it (High emphisis on others). Newer players who get too giddy need to take the time and explore the hanger and shop. Dear GoD do the tutorials!2> The UI could use some overhaul to give a little more clarity to stat affects or bonuses.3> No such thing as ""dog fighting"" mode (I can understand it as it would turn it into a different game)4> Attempting to add friends can be a bit wonky5> Too many people complaining about losing a ship and quittingLong VersionI have been playing GoD factory since it has come out and all I can say is I have found an arcade space alien(ish) style shooter I can enjoy playing. It does a good job of giving you hints as to how to play , but sometimes it can be a little daunting until you play your first match where you will die. Not a little, but a lot and if its not someone killing you then its you hitting your ship getting lost. You can save yourself a little time by doing a couple bot matches just to get yourself warmed up to the games controls, but your first real game with other players is goign to be where you really learn. Customizing your ship feels weird at first only because the game does not exactly tell you that your build is bad until you exceed one of your resources. I personally dont find this as a problem, but maybe the dev team should think about adding in a feature that shows you how to customize AND buy. I know it sounds like a lot of hand holding, but some information is better than none in some cases.My numer one complaint about this game is the amount of complaining from people when they break their ships and then ask to use yours in under 5 minutes. I am not saying there needs to be a way to kick people, but if there were a mute feature in this game for really annoying people that would be great. Other than that see you in game!"
,Recommended,262750,11927010,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,TwitchyNeon,"9.5/10GoD Facotry: Wingmen is the space shooter i've been waiting for, and with only 7 developers they knocked it out of the park. when it was released i got everything i had hoped for. First off, there is someone in global chat all the time to help with any issues anyone is having and response time for bugs and glitches is the fastest i've seen, 2 issues were fixed on day one after being brought up that very day. The detail in this game is amazing and customization is hella fun and allows you to make your ship however you want it. The soundtrack is awesome and graphics are gorgeous. My only issu is that there is only one game mode and map so it can get a bit repetitive, but the faced paced action and small places you can get into to escape push that out of my mind. Get this game, it deserves a lot more attention. Love this game, totally worth every penny, will not disapoint!EDIT: Developers plan to add new maps, game modes, and environments in the future."
,Recommended,262750,11921902,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,m3chladon,Best Arena PvP game of 2014 so far. I plan to add it to one of my main games for quite sometime. It's very well done and the complexity of the customization is refreshing in this day and age.Highly recommend this one folks
76561198004424636,Recommended,262750,17835018,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Blarble Blornets,"I love this game in theory.  The gameplay is deep and exciting, with a nice customization system between matches.  Too bad the community is such a ghost town, because the bots are predictable and easy to beat."
76561198072612338,Recommended,262750,13775193,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Grotesquery,:DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
,Recommended,262750,11918336,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,KhenW,One word.. Dogfights.A fun 4v4 Arena PvP with plenty of ship customizations.Its practically what I've been waiting for.
76561198143453322,Recommended,262750,11932906,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Terumi,"It's a very nice game. Spaceships combat 4v4 with the objective of destroying enemy's base. 4 different races and great customization, you can only choose 2 basic ships in the beginning but while you rank up and you'll be able to buy different parts for your ships or even create others and mix pieces of different races in order to create your personal ship. Controls are not very familiars but with a bit of pratice you can master your ship quite well and even make some kill. This game is not meant to be a pure Fps, so strategy is required and much collaboration. There's only one map but i think that they will be added as soon as population grows up and shows interest. Maybe playing many hours alone could get boring btw if you have some friend and you can play together and coordinate your attacks this game gets really awesome and i recommend it. Yeah also play tutorial and gameplay will get much clearer."
76561198035492528,Recommended,262750,11916966,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,dreadme1989,"Pretty fun game so far. Played through the toturial, got my butt handed to me in a training fight vs the bots. Having a blast in this shooter."
76561198048703070,Not Recommended,262750,24236815,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,dgalarneau,Dead multiplayer and bad controls. Avoid.
,Recommended,262750,11955434,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Senis,"+Best spaceship battle game.+Controls take time to master, but then you master you are good with it.-If you are planning to buy this game buy faster, because player base is VERY deacreasing, not many new players join.-Tactics of ship building and fighting are not deep as should be, but not fails as in many games. Basically you equip higher class parts, because no matter of them fuction higher parts are better. Then you atack enemy capital parts or defend yours."
76561197969540560,Not Recommended,262750,11917760,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Hicks,Sat in ready lobbies for a few minutes but couldn't get into a game.I did some tutorials AFTER I set my controls as Joystick.But the tutorials still want me to use mouse and keyboard.  The tutorials loop until you put down your joystick or gamepad and use the controls they recommend.DK2 is not supported.  Dk1 doesn't seem to have head tracking.  I remember the Alpha being much better.
,Recommended,262750,11936599,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Umbra Crowspike,"A few hours in and a few battles and I already have an opinion on this.This game is awesome.Beautiful visuals, very nice gameplay, I don't see much that's wrong in this game. Of course, I hear people say ""Omg this is only aobut grinding until you have nice equipment"" I've seen way worse grinding than this. It just gives players a reason to play longer, I guess. It isn't excessive and it does help the game a bit.The only cons I've noticed are things that I trust the developpers are already working on: The lack of maps and game modes. Note that this game just was released, of course it's still a bit incomplete. I still enjoy it at it's fullest.My opinion might be 42% biased - I am a huge fan of games featuring space battles / dogfights. I still think it is a nice game and I recommend it to anyone who likes this type of game."
,Recommended,262750,11940270,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,MadHatterJimmy,"This game is a hell-a-yes! Whilst the slightly typical style of 'grinding' is involved, this game can easily become something of great enjoyment. At the moment there is only one style of game play but I can tell you that it has the potiental to become something so much more. Get involved quickly so that you can learn the game. It is pretty easy to pick up but I'll be damned if it is easy to master - So much love for this game!"
76561197979648784,Recommended,262750,12062830,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,SolidSubstance,"GoD Factory: Wingmen is a 4v4 team based space ship shooter.  If you have played Strike Vector, you'll be right at home, but with a major difference; your objective is not to merely kill the opposite team but to destroy their large Carrier Ship before they destroy yours.There are many parts to each of the Carrier Ship on both teams, each part brings along with it a penalty if it is let destroyed by the opponent.  For example, the enemy team will have 30% less ammo capacity if you destroy their Ammo Warehouse.This is a small game, with only 1 map and 1 game mode, but what really set this game above others is the level of customization for your ships.  If you are a fan of mech games like Mech Warrior, you will enjoy the level of customization here.  For newer players, perhaps building the ship is as easy as putting the highest rank parts they can on their fighter, but as you play more you will find additional challenges on balancing the ship as merely adding high level parts will not only put your ship overweight, overheat, or over energy consumption, but your ship will also lack focus in their role on the team.This is a game that I highly recommend to give a try if you enjoy space ship customization - did I mention that the graphics are very nice and that the details on each ship part is very cool looking?  also it has a very nice cosmetic colouring system.  At the moment of this review, the game's player base is a bit low, going up to a peak of 100 or so players at night more me (EST).  But unless people take an interest in the game and try it out this game would not fly.All in all, I really recommend this game, but if the price is too steep for 1 game mode and 1 map, I would suggest putting it on your wish list and wait for a deal, this is a very under appreciated and under populated game."
,Recommended,262750,11939532,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,WearyWanderer,"Positives -It's balanced, it's incredibly fun and nice looking, and it plays so well with a variety of controls (I'm presonally enjoying the gamepad). Some complaints I've noticed seem to be that you NEED a joystick for the game, but that simply isn't the case. I absolutely sucked at flying in the X franchise, and even the Star Trek games on PS1, but even I've grasped a lot of the flight controls enough to play well on this game. It doesn't detract from the game for anyone who's familar with 6DOF games whatsoever.Really love how the matches play out and I think it has a lot of potential for small groups of friends, it's one hell of a LAN party game.For those who like some meat and depth to the tactical side of their dogfighting sims, this DOES have it. I personally think that the damage types and combos page of the wiki is a good example of this, check it out:http://god-factory-wingmen.wikia.com/wiki/Damage_TypesHell yeah I reccomend this game!Drawbacks -I was hoping for Armoured Core style parts and ship customisation, but I don't think theres as many parts as I would have liked to see. I do think it's awesome that each part has an actual model, as I hate games that offer 100's of items that all look the same, but a little bit more variety would really help draw in more contested ship building between players."
,Recommended,262750,15496575,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Captain Frosty,"A great and hugely overlooked game, GoD Factory is one of the best team oriented space combat games I've ever played. With tons of customization, and fun, challenging matches, it's hard to see why this game got so little attention. With a nice soundtrack and fun, strategic gameplay, you'll be hooked for hours. I highly recommend this game.UNFORTUNATELY this game seems to be dead. With a grand total of 0 matches going on, many people may think this game is not worth it. HOWEVER, YOU can help bring this game back by buying it and getting your friends into it. This game is currently being revived by my group, Fruit of the Tomb."
,Recommended,262750,11943771,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,AntiSqueaker,"Pros:-Easy to run, great looking, solid control setup for a variety of control schemes. Input friendly, can use multiple inputs at the same time (mouse, keyboard, joystick, footpads, you name it).-Gameplay is solid and fast paced, with a wide variety of ships to choose from. You can customize ships from a good variety of weapons, wings, and hulls among 4 races. Long range snipers, stealth bombers, close quarters tanky ships, and interceptors are all very possible to build. Some races and hulls favor other roles above others.- 4v4 PVP or with bots, always a nice option for more relaxing gameplay or getting the hang of the map.Cons: to me, the ""manuvers"" and boost cheapen the whole dogfighting experience. Any ship can do an almost instantaneous flip, which turns a good portion of fights into ""streak past them and flip around and shoot them and boost away to go repair"".-Only 1 map, with 1 game mode. Granted it is a big map, with a lot of objectives and varying ways to win the match. But still."
,Recommended,262750,11962409,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Slotoburn,"You like dogfighting in space, right? If you don't, you're wrong. This is the best arcade style space dogfighter I've played in years. Just get it."
76561198015614979,Recommended,262750,11920180,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,LASTSAMURAI,"super cool right up until you encounter bugs which make it all but impossible to play. first if the game doesnt start if your about to start a match or by trying out the tutorial and crashes do this Go to steam Menu bar2. Click Right on icon ""God Factory"" > Properties3. Click SET LAUNCH OPTION...4. Insert ""-force-opengl""and for the love of god dont delete the starter ships it will not let you make new ones thus preventing you from playing the game after that until they decide to fix that particular bug.otherwise very fun id recommend this game when they fix the prevention of making new ships if you delete your starters but until then its a nonow a simple fix has been implemented for noobs like me who delete all their ships wont do that again. as i said in the comment below its super fun"
76561198055346887,Recommended,262750,16983719,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Nicholas.1328,"Shot down my friends, fought with spiteful bots, crashed into the dock wall, got a drone, pwned the other team. Would pwn again anytime.The ultimate spaceship dogfighting game so far that I've seen, GoDF Wingmen delievers here an immersive and delciously realistic view of a futuristic battlefield. The gameplay is smooth, you really feel like you're in the gunship, and the weapons system and customization keeps the game intreresting. Think League of Legends, except you are in a spaceship with extremely powerful weapons and complete control of your movement. Think Star Fox, except with complete freedom of your movement and an even stronger Star Wolf than ever before.Ignore the guys below who say ""it's better to plug in a controller"": you can change how sensitive you mouse is to your movements to your liking. I also found the controls easy to get used to and not clunky in any way. It is true that the game is dying due to the lack of new content, but there are still a couple of players around, definitely enough to start a game with in Steam's system.The graphics are just off the charts. Every little detail about being in a gunship and flying in a carrier just strikes me as amazing. Flying inside a carrier reminds me of Star Fox 64's Venom, except with complete freedom to smash into the walls and shoot whatever the heck you want. The only real complaint I have here is that there is no mode except cooperation, that you can't go around being a juggernaut or free-for-alling each other in the depths of space.You want to be the Guy? Go play this game. It'll give you all the awesomness you want."
,Recommended,262750,11930572,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,bork9128,"Good game, solid mechanics, great graphics, does what it sets out to do pretty well"
76561198046767643,Recommended,262750,11921538,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Chang Chang,"This game is very addictive. I would suggest playing about 4 games, take a break, continue another 4, then take a break again. Rinse and repeat. If you go more than that, it becomes quite repititive.On the other hand, the controls need some getting used to for the keyboard and mouse. My first and second game went horribly due to flying issues. But after that, I actually loved the flying. It was challenging and you have to pay attention to the mini map WHILE making sure you don't ram into debris. If you love challenges, this is the game for you.Customisation in this game is fantastic. Graphics are brilliant even on medium. I have yet to try low. I like the unlocking credits and colours through achievements. I find this concept smart. A sense of reward for the players, make them feel like it is worth hunting achievements unlike other games.You absolutely, and I mean ABSOLUTELY ... cannot solo. Unless you outlevel everyone else by what?  3 levels? I dunno. Not very fun smashing newbies unless you need a serious boost in ego.The community is quite friendly surprisingly... Well, so far.Hope they add more stages like racing, capture the flag, hunt the rabbit (kinda like a treasure hunt, looking for a particular ship or asteriod or something), co-op against a crazy alien race etc."
76561197997470422,Recommended,262750,11916791,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Suma,"Amazingly fun game! If you like competive games and space shooters, absolutely buy it."
76561197998612662,Recommended,262750,12093285,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Crackatawa,"Spaceships, customizing, blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up, need i say more?"
76561198040053709,Not Recommended,262750,14948630,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,AenaoS,"nice gameplay, excellent music but the game is dead.no matter what time i log in, there are 1-4 players online on a 5vs5 matchup game with no solo campaign.A waste of money"
,Not Recommended,262750,25090510,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,StrayDuck (Amaimon),"Wonderfull Tutorial Simulater!!Cuz.....Thats about the only gameplay you're gonna get with this.I logged on and the game told me litterally- ""1 Player(s) Currently Online"".....yep that one player was me, but not for long.If there was some singleplayer aspect of the game other than the rediculously buffed bots you can add to your ""lone ranger"" match, i would keep the game. BUT there isn't! Nothing..AT ALL.SO..Buy this game, play through the tutorial, cuz the game itself is awesome, then uninstall it and go download ""Star Conflict"" for free and actually play pvp and get SOME amount of open space travel as a bonus."
76561198126901766,Recommended,262750,13733587,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,gh0st,Awesome
76561197976824164,Recommended,262750,11961202,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,EV/\DE,"I love this game! Great fast-paced action and great graphics. My minor complain: I want to play this with a friend, but that friend has a problem: An error keeps popping up when he launches: ""Steam_Api.dll was not found in the right folder..."" and then some stuff after that. He sent a ticket to the devs and they said something about a second drive, but he doesn't have a second drive, so we don't know how to solve the problem, please give us some support ;) But overall, this game is fantastic!!!10/10 Would buy this again"
76561198025224582,Not Recommended,262750,11923741,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,EVEILMINION,"Do Not Buy.  This is a Grind to level up and unlock ship parts system, But there is only one map in the game, and one game type ((blow the other carrier up))   That's all this game is, Also it has a bad lobby system ;pThis game needs more game types or if the main mode is going to be this carrier assault mode, more carriers to make it random.  At very least team deathmatch and free for all, and setting up lobbies so you can min and max levels of the ships people can use.This doesn't feel at all like it's finished, and it's going to need a lot more then just bug fixing."
76561198080082374,Recommended,262750,11929415,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Walmart Dial-up,"Not as good as its predecessor, the sequel to Space Cadet Pinball is extremely fun to play."
,Not Recommended,262750,14429351,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Leviathan,"Played game very early in pre-release with 3 friends. The game was extremely fun, like Strike Vector, but it died just as fast. There is not a high demand for space games it seems.... it's dead."
76561198104024594,Not Recommended,262750,11931112,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,REVOLUTION_IN_RUSSIA_5112017.org,"I do NOT recommend this game, I bought it by mistake, because it have a slow engine, I get a lags ,controls is strange, ships maneuverability is very low. If you try to make a mouse sensitivity more, you will get twitch ship, tank or light, it hasn't any sense. Mouse controls is strange, I set up a left and right mouse moving, but why it was A and D button??"
,Recommended,262750,11964444,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,[TIGS] starsrift,This game is great.It's a shame it's PvP only.
,Recommended,262750,12090013,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Shigi,"Too bad this game died really fast, like some people predicted..."
76561198046257243,Recommended,262750,12008039,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,tk0511,nice game
,Not Recommended,262750,13844075,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SonsOfLiberty86,"Really cool game, great looking, awesome levels. Controls were a bit hard to get used to but other than that the game is great.It has a huge downfall though; the game seems dead. Not many people play this anymore. This is a game made for online multiplayer, playing with bots is fun but it gets old fast."
76561198062728755,Recommended,262750,11961433,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,razoredrainbow,this game isent very fun. nothing makes sense and the controls are very stiff.  dont buy it its a waste of money
76561198015313958,Recommended,262750,12128746,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Thunder,The game is just awesome but it needs more players. BUY IT AND PLAY IT 24/24!
76561198100529839,Recommended,262750,12020393,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Zee,"I found this game to be pretty fun and the amount of customization and upgrades and no matter what you do you'll most likely progress or be rewarded.  My only complaint is that there is one map as far as I understand, but 4 different kinds of ships.  There are not that many people online so I was happy they have a VS bots mode.  I would wait for this game to go on sale personally, but it's a solid game 8.5/10"
,Recommended,262750,11984719,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Аутист,"Space Dota as is. No grind, no pay to win, just pure pvp action."
,Recommended,262750,11980266,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Tekky The Human,"Project Sylpheed meets Battlefront II's space battles. The multirace mechanic provides pretty diverse gameplay for something like this, and the number of parts means that you can mitigate some of the negatives associated with each race or go for something very specialized.It's just a shame that quick battles bother to have a lobby, since teamstacking is almost unavoidable. It's a very fun game when it works and the teams are balanced, but it's difficult to get to that stage.(also, there are AI battles, and the AI isn't completely mindless most of the time. I've seen a lot of people grind up on these and then go play multiplayer when they are ready, with better gear.)Personally, I enjoy it."
76561197975414970,Recommended,262750,12104956,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,JBear,Absolutely beautiful. Great soundtrack and responsive controls. Fairly extensive skill/part tree for each race and ship part. Very tactical and great race abilities. A+
76561198034882615,Recommended,262750,11966513,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Fallingdreamer,"Pro’s•	Fun and challenging space combat•	Tactical gameplay encourages teamwork•	Good combat co-ordination tools•	Ship creation with lots of possible builds and little to no “simply better” components•	Generally good balancing (some items still need tweaking)•	Relatively quick progression through tech tree (17 hours and have unlocked most items on at least basic level)•	Reasonable AI opponents for when you want to play solo•	A blast to play with a joystickCon’s•	Lacklustre match making•	Team balancing is left to individuals leading to wildly unbalanced games•	One game mode (although it is really good)•	Minor bugs (that I have noticed)Picked this up on pre-order and gave a copy to a friend, we have been playing every night since.To be clear: there is only one game mode, which in short involves destroying your opponent’s carrier before they destroy yours. Destroying an enemy’s carrier involves taking out key components each of which have a certain effect on your opponents team when destroyed, ergo choosing the right areas to go after is key and will vary from match to match depending on your team and opponents.  Each component (except the core) is worth one health point (two for the core), additionally every three minutes the carriers main guns will fire reducing your opponents health points by one. Provided you get into a well balanced match (see below) this game mode is deep enough and challenging enough that it does not get stale, so while additional game modes would be appreciated (and I hope being worked on) the existing mode is good enough that it will offer many hours of gameplay.Ships and components are generally very hard to take down and (with some exceptions) can be repaired or will regenerate. Each player starts the game with two gunships (only one can be active at a time) of their own design, however each gunship has only one life. If you lose a gunship it is replaced with a low level drone which can be used instead, and each time you die you have an increasingly long respawn. The combination of these penalties encourages a hit and run style gameplay that focuses on preserving your ships (a refreshing change from many games which have little to no penalty for dying) and makes taking out an opponents gunship a potential game changer.Co-ordination is achieved by using an action wheel style system which tends to work better than trying to type in commands in chat and has options for attacking or defending all major components of the carriers. While those using voice chat will still have some advantage you can generally co-ordinate with a group of other players enough that you stand a fighting chance regardless.Ship creation uses a parts system. There are 4 distinct races (in terms of abilities, general stats and gameplay roles) with different primary abilities and ship components. There are 12-13 key components (depending on if you have one or two wing weapons) and each of these has at least 3 components (generally more) and some of these can be shared between the races. Each component has a further 4 ranks that can be unlocked (each generally a straight upgrade on the last), leading to a large number of possible configurations. Generally speaking there aren’t many cases of a part simply being better than another (there are a few notable exceptions) so its not simply a race to get parts higher on the tech tree, a part low on the tech tree is still likely to have benefits over a higher item on the tech tree at the same rank. Regardless of this parts are generally easy to unlock (both in terms of credits and experience) and at 17 hours of gameplay I have unlocked a large number of parts, including the ace level parts, the resistance is about right to keep you wanting to unlock more components but not so slow that you feel like your grinding.This games major downfall is in the matchmaking and balancing. Each ship you build is given a class, higher classes are generally better than lower ones (plus or minus some allowance for build methodology). When you drop into a lobby the classes of all players ships are displayed along with a balance indicator for each team (based on the combined score of each players ship classes), unfortunately at the time of writing that’s it, 7 of you playing with class one and two ships and someone drops in with two class 8’s, not much you can do other than kick them from the match. The game does not seem to account for a players highest ship class nor does it allow you to search for high or low level matches, so it is normal for high level players to drop in with low level players, which even if the teams can be balanced will end with the lowest level players being made into mincemeat (not much fun). As a work around to getting face rolled by ace level pilots you can play matches against AI’s for money and XP until you are at a reasonable tech level but it’s not an ideal solution. It does seem however that this would be relatively easy to fix and I hope it is presently being worked on.There are occasional crashes and bugs to be contended with, but this close to launch that was to be expected, there aren’t a lot of game breaking bugs (other than a crash on load glitch that one of my friends encountered but a quick look at the forum found an easy workaround). Every now and then you may have to restart the game due to the game freezing or an issue with the in game store not correctly debiting your credits correct (the Database Error glitch). None of these should discourage you from buying the game as they are about on par with what would be expected of all games close to release.The game in its current state is really worth the $20 odd dollar price tag, its minor downfalls are exactly that: minor, and easily corrected. All of which are overshadowed by well thought out gameplay, good balancing and reasonable progression.See you in my crosshairs-Fallingdreamer."
,Recommended,262750,12182294,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Aernero,"Pros:Fast paced pvp space combat. Easy to learn flight controls, perfect for joystick (but maybe too fast for them). Each race has their own specialty and ship customization.Cons:Game can use more maps and destructable Capital ships or Megastructures. More ship components. Some massive PvE or campaign. Matching and Lobby room need more fine tuning.I really recommend this game but at the moment, the player base is somewhat dead. Need a second breath of life and we're in business. Real good game, just need more content."
76561198043781408,Recommended,262750,11968727,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Cadmium,"I like this game, It's like Star citizen's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ brother came early."
76561198043264600,Recommended,262750,12154737,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Rulerultamis,"A really good space fighter game, with teamwork playing a huge role in the game. Graphics are amazing, and the game handles well. Ship building is great, and a key feature. And it REQUIRES you to work with your team to achive victory! So no ""Lone Wolf""ing. Unless you like losing.However the games main flaw is its lack of players. Sadly the game is not popular as of 9/19/14, and at most 20 players are online. Very hard to find a match, and for  now playing with bots is all that goes on."
,Recommended,262750,12031057,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Taladran,"Great fast paced arcady style space combat.  Ships can take a lot of damage before going down, and the boost/manuver system lets you make sudden escapes.  This is good because you really want to keep your ships alive. Once they are destroyed, they are gone for the rest of the match, and you get a weaker drone to replace it, but with a little teamwork you are still valuable. The ships are well balanced, and have a amazing amount of customization."
,Not Recommended,262750,30638060,Posted: 20 March,all,generalzee,"This game may have been more fun at one point, but I've never seen anyone online, leaving me to only play with bots. The bots are okay, but get predictable pretty quickly. It was obvious this game was meant for actual humans, and it suffers without them.Ultimately, though, this game just plays like a very slow version of the space battles from Star Wars: Battlefront II. Each ship has so much power that destruction is rare, which tends to deny a cathartic feeling of achievement for playing optimally, which is a shame. It's also nearly impossible with the level 1 weapons to actually damage the enemy captial ship, and while later levels may have fixed this to some extent, I grew bored with fighting the same bots over and over again before I would have gotten a chance to see that in action."
,Not Recommended,262750,25031693,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Dante [Déménagement],"This game session waiting simulator is really great ! You will spend unforgettable moments to get bored on the browser screen ! For more realism you can twiddle your thumbs or yawn! And nobody will disturb you , the servers being completely empty most of the time !DREAMS OF PEACE OF A PLAYER BECOMES REALITY !"
76561198058411022,Not Recommended,262750,18330899,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,general.dilemma,Its not a bad game.  My problem is that there is no community to support it.  There is only so much fun you can have playing with AI all the time.
76561197993869948,Not Recommended,262750,19005836,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Superscope,"Pretty much dead on arrival.Little to no community makes matchmaking hell, not to mention the terrible controls."
,Not Recommended,262750,19208750,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Red Raven,"A great games great potential, only to be destroyed by the $10 barier it made.ALTOUGH, it is still an okay sandbox for you to look at and customize ships.Though for the main package, its simply not worth it."
,Not Recommended,262750,11947831,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,hinaf4g,"If anyone thinks that this is space shooter with tactical element, then he or she is dead wrong. It's a really a MMORPG arena under the thin space shooter skin. Don't buy this game if you expect a space shooter.But even if you're into this genre - there's this off-putting progression system. You need to grind to unlock ship parts and you need to grind to upgrade them. And you will need to - ship stats DO matter in this game a lot, One can spend most of the ammo reserves and still barely scratch the enemy if level disparity is high enough.Speaking of level disparity - this game lacks even the most basic matchmaking system. I have regularly seen matches with coordinated teams of lvl 7-8 ships vs random new players with default ships. These matches are as fun and unpredictable as you can imagine.More polish from developers and community effort might make it a good game in the future, but for now I would not recommend it. Save your money and time for better game."
76561198004049763,Recommended,262750,11975508,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,RedRook,Best space combat game I've played in years. Fun gameplay and great meta game. Definitely worth the price.
76561198088851623,Not Recommended,262750,13775653,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CommandoBiffle,DO NOT GET THIS GAME.The contrlos with k/m embarrassingly badAtotal of 11 people playing at point of reviewOverly punishing deathsThe AI can spen on a dimeGot the game when it was on sale...still feel like I got robbed!
76561198006595227,Not Recommended,262750,13135597,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Hielor,"Not a ""space combat sim"" like it claims--it's more of a ""3d fighting game"" and focuses on ""maneuvers"" in order to do simple things like TURN AROUND.  If you want to turn left, you can't just move your mouse to the left--you need to perform a combo maneuver in order for your ship to turn.There were also a grand total of 10 players in games and in lobbies when I tried playing.  For something that's trying to be a multiplayer game, it probably could use multiple players.Waste of money."
76561197971205451,Recommended,262750,12005519,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Mugulord,"Pretty nice customization mechanics, beautiful graphics. Need more time to dig into the multiplayer now."
,Recommended,262750,13304298,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,[AKA] Mobius One,"Could not play the game, so i played it on Youtube instead.I want a new computer. Just for this game.It's that awesome."
76561198124592304,Not Recommended,262750,20071771,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ItsOnYourMind,none play da gam but it fun
,Not Recommended,262750,11918431,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Shedding,"The game is great in theory.  Going into battle, getting better parts for ship, then go into battle stronger.   The game has two teams pitched against each other.  The point of the game is to destroy the opposite team member's mothership.  The mechanics, the graphics and the game's pitch are very good (again.. in theory).  What ultimately drove me to give a negative review to this game is the ship controls.  I am currently using a mouse and keyboard and it is very hard to do anything meaningful with any of the ships.  Compound this with extremely fast action and you get lost very fast.   To top it off, you are looking for certain parts on the mothership to disable to deny the enemy from certain benefits (like the ability to scan you from afar), you get there and you shoot and you shoot.. but... you can't completely stop the ship (I understand inertia in space - but there is no option to go in reverse so that I can either stop or go back) eventually leading your ship into the hull of the mothership.  It seems the developers spent a good deal of time creating this game but ultimately it is the gameplay that makes a game and like I said before unfortunately the game controls killed this game for me."
,Not Recommended,262750,11919387,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,ShinSH,"Just a random space game which tricked me with the so-called ""ship sharing"".You actually go to the battle with 2 ships in your hangar, but only man one at the time. If you ship is destroyed it will be replaced by a underpowered version of your ship, or you can take the second ship of your hangar. The sharing option is just about your mates letting access to their hangar, but it's still 4 v 4 battles with 1 person/ship. Hugely disappointed. The controls feels ackward as well."
76561198142636505,Not Recommended,262750,15104919,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,TGCMactar,gfw NO ONE PLAYS IT AND THE CONTROLS SUCK!
76561198038689052,Recommended,262750,12058968,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Professor Hugedix,"in depth and involved ship building and customization that really comes alive once you take one out of the hangar and use it in battle. very funshould be noted that space is just the backdrop, the gunships handle more like in-atmosphere jet planes (besides the drift maneuvers), but that still makes for excellent fast-paced gameplay"
76561197981245174,Not Recommended,262750,18837115,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,General E. Annoying ®™,got this for the oculus rift. Dosn't work. when asking for support in the forum I was banned. refuse to support what they say is working when you buy?!?!?! WTF
76561198114555761,Not Recommended,262750,13019625,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,i need stone,I never thought I would not recommend this game but wow the lobby system on this game is god awful. You have to wait literally 30 minutes to play a match it is crazy!!! I finally got into a match and got kicked and said screw this. I waited quite a while to play this game finally bought it and im still not able to play it because the lobby is awful. I did play through the tutorial and it was amazing the playing that i did do in the turtorial was great i just wish i could actually play the real game but i dont have 30 minutes to sit and wait for a match then get kicked and wait another 30 minutes.--------------------------------------EditSo i finally got into a match and this game is not what i thought it was at all. I thought this game was a dogfighting space game and it is not that at all. The objective of the game is to destroy the enemy base seems simple enought but it is not. You fly out into space and you have no real idea what is going on and you fly to the enemy base and just shoot at it that is the point to this game. I thought there would be much more to it but that is it. There really is no explanation of how to play the game i went thru the tutorials but they dont tell me anything about the enemy base and how to destroy it but the whole entire concept of the game is quite boring though. I feel like the developers of this game are not marketing it the way they should. They market it as a dog fight style space game but that is not what it is at all. You fly out into space and shoot at the enemy base. I thought this game was a arena type dog fight game but it is not it. The thing is i have been really excited about playing this game. I first saw it on youtube in a video about pax. The footage of the game looked incredible dont get me wrong the spaceship design is cool and the flying is great but the game is not .
76561198054919538,Not Recommended,262750,11954116,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Serangel,"Way too many bugs, hell, the game eats your ships and you cant even play, and if that doesnt happen, it automatically cycles through all the options on what ever window you have open over and over, this game is not ready to be released and needs to be pulled from the steam store, its worse than ""The War Z"" (now ""Infestation: Survivor Stories"") if you remember that one. The one match I did manage to get in, its not that great, Black Prophecy was much better aswell as completly free and it tanked a few years ago. I would try to get my money back if i could, how ever steam doesnt allow it... Save your 20$ and spend it on something else. This is not worth buying."
,Not Recommended,262750,18031224,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,njdevil2k2,great graphic visuals..... no player base
,Not Recommended,262750,29993938,Posted: 17 February,all,711green,Good as far as you don't need to donate to even stand a chance against other donators.Elite Dangerous arena still bits it.
76561197978467449,Not Recommended,262750,11949100,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Uggi,Too complecated. Wanted something easier.
,Not Recommended,262750,11971577,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Cross,"Barely worth my time as a free to play, let alone something I had to actually buy."
76561198134710775,Not Recommended,262750,21323063,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Boa Constructor,ehh
,Not Recommended,262750,12829000,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,FatherMiso,"Liked it.. But its the same Map.I know it tries to be DotA.And dota only has 1 map.But, dota has like 100 creatures.. and Creeps..This is just 1 map.. 4 ships..Same thing, over and over.."
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,262750,30844030,Posted: 30 March,all,Dustin,"**THIS GAME DOES NOT WORK ON STEAM DO NOT PURCHASE**New account, hit start, and stuck in an infinite loop loading screen saying ""Loading Stats...""What f*cking stats? I'm just getting in with a new f*cking account.What a waste of money, game looked like sh*t anywaya.Loading Review...............GoD.exe crashed Steam Review0/10"
,Not Recommended,262750,12187830,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Rezon8r,So I liked this game. A lot. And then the devs abandoned it. Therefore I wasted my money. ♥♥♥♥ it.
76561198122118273,Recommended,262750,28459095,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Jade Blades,"I played the weekend alpha (before it was on steam) when it came out a few years ago. It was the most fun I have ever had in a game like this.Sadly. when I opened the game today, I saw that I was the only person in the world who was playing. The complete lack of players is depressing..."
76561198100412031,Not Recommended,262750,12170678,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Phoenux,"Update: Haven't played the game for a long time but it's obvious the game's struggling community has died off. Well, it was fairly dead even before it's first birthday really... Originally recommended the game but am changing my review to a no. Though I'll leave my thoughts on how wonderful the game was below. -This game is a beautiful space shooter Where a squadron of 4 work together to take down the enemy Carrier while engaging in dogfights against the enemy squadron. The game in my opinion has a heavy emphasis on teamwork which many games are sorely lacking. If you are shot down your ship is scrapped for the remainder of the match and is replaced with a much weaker drone which is a factor that supports the emphasis on teamwork by causing Lonewolf-like actions to pay a heavy price if failed.I would like to say that the costumization options for your ships is not entirely diverse but i feel that would be an unfair judgement since i'm comparing it to most FPS games where there are many more different things to customize. For a flight simulator there are more than plenty of parts and pieces to choose from when designing your ship. With that being said.There are plenty of different playstyles possible in this game and it all comes down to how you build your ship and how you and your teammates decide to playout the match. The game does a great job of providing different types of damage as well as having different effects for combining different types of damage. This not only provokes a player to equip various different weapons but helps give players a reason to work together when attacking a single target to combine effects in hopes of bringing the target down quicker and recieving higher scores which is essential for unlocking new parts and pieces for your ship.I like that the game is a sort of MOBA style and presents an objective while still providing benefits to dogfighting with other players.The fanbase atm is teeny tiny with no clear reason as to why the fan base has dropped. This is probably the only negative thing i would have to say about this game. But at the same time ive found this to be a positive thing as well. The player base is low but because of that all of the players are kind and cooperative with each other. Players are willing to talk befor a match and decide their plan of action. No one spouts random hate and trolling comments while waiting for the match to start. Sometimes when everyone is willing to wait for a full lobby you can be sitting there for quite a while so the friendly company is a welcomed difference from almost every competitive game ive ever played (Yes CoD i'm refering to you when i say this as well).The artwork is bright, colorful and everything you would expect from a space setting. While it may not be a great idea to play the game if you're epileptic the colors are far from overwhelming. Quite frankly space battles from Star trek are flashier than what you'll find in this game. The developers managed to find a happy medium between Beautiful artwork and not overwhelming ones eyes causing them to strain within 5 minutes.All in all i have to give this game an 8 out of 10. I have high hopes for the future and expect that rating to change to a 10 out of 10 before long"
76561198137059378,Not Recommended,262750,30039593,Posted: 19 February,all,Blubberlappen,I did like the game but sadly the community went extinct. Considering this I cannot recommend this game.
76561198048227370,Recommended,262750,29146440,Posted: 9 January,all,Sigourney Weiner,"Fun game, I haven't touched it since my first time playing though because I'm still trying to figure who I should grace with my second copy to play."
