user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198021086482,Recommended,262790,12787291,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ExissM,"Our Darker Purpose has had the unfortunate luck of existing in a world that has already experienced The Binding of Isaac and will be forcibly labeled as a pretender and compared to that game until the end of time. Let it be known that looks are quite deceiving, and Our Darker Purpose's resemblance to Edmund McMillan's indie blockbuster begins and ends with the top-down, twin-stick shooter appearance that both share.Where The Binding of Isaac is a fast-paced, almost bullet-hell game, Our Darker Purpose is much less about quick reflexes and more about patience and planning. You will never achieve Isaac levels of speed and destructiveness in this game, because that isn't the point or the core of its challenge. This game is about endurance and taking in the world around you. There are times I've felt more engaged by Our Darker Purpose's gameplay than Isaac's simply because it is a more demanding game. If Isaac is about reflexes and becoming mighty, then Our Darker Purpose is about staying two steps ahead of the game, because once you perform any action, you are committed to it.The game features a wonderful art direction and soundtrack that blends together into a beautifully gothic piece of design that I fell in love with from the first trailer I watched. There is a detailed lore and story woven throughout this game that is surprisingly esoteric and adds a flavor of mystery to this pleasantly Dark little journey. Similar to the original Dark Souls, the different elements of this game support each other in such a way that were any one of them removed or altered, the entire game would lose its unique atmosphere.Long story short: Don't go into this game expecting anything similar to The Binding of Isaac. It isn't a copycat just because it bears some surface level similarities. If you allow yourself to approach this game on its own terms, you will find a unique game whose world is enchanting and challenging in its own right."
,Recommended,262790,32840480,Posted: 26 June,all,Torasu,Binding of Isaac meets Tim Burton in this amazing rogue-like/lite game that offers captivating gameplay and atmospheric soundtrack to complete the package. Best purchase I did during this sale.
76561197996666428,Not Recommended,262790,12169662,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Unselfish Knave,"There are definitely things to like in Our Darker Purpose. It has great atmosphere backed up by a great art style and music. Everything is functional, but the more I played, the more one thought kept coming back: ""The Binding of Isaac did this better.""Our Darker Purpose plays very similarly to Binding of Isaac, but just about everything it does, Isaac does better. Isaac has more variety of powerups and enemies. Isaac has a deeper and more interesting resource management system. Our Darker Purpose is much more focussed on the moment-to-moment combat then big picture balancing of resources. There are no keys, and your ""bombs"" are used exclusively for fighting. Most upgrades offer only numerical stat increases. The actual gameplay, however, has different ideas. Hit detection is awkward, enemies and hazards are more annoying or frustrating than interesting, and for all the focus on numerical upgrades, you never really feel more powerful than when you start. Isaac had it's share of numerical upgrades, but on any given run, you were bound to find at least one item that fundamentally changed how you approached the rest of the game. Each run felt different and unique. Each run of Our Darker Purpose just feels the same, but with the numbers shuffled around a bit.At the end of the day, if you spend all your time with a game thinking about a different, better game, then that's not a very good sign for the game you're playing. If you've completed everything in The Binding of Isaac and really need something similar to hold you over until the remake, you'll get some enjoyment out of Our Darker Purpose. To everyone else, I cannot recommend this game as long as The Binding of Isaac exists."
76561197971751582,Not Recommended,262790,8903423,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Krownos,"This game shows a great deal of promise and has some interesting mechanics that could potentially provide a nice change of pace compared to other games in the genre.The problem, at least in its current state (review written at launch) is that it really doesn't stand up well in comparison to obvious influences like Binding of Isaac. I will list some of the issues I have with the game at launch, some may sound minor but have a very real impact on the way the game is played.-- movement speed --The starting character (there may be others to unlock) is woefully sluggish. This slow movement combined with much-quicker-than-you enemy projectiles and othewrwise acceptable mechanics like your momentum affecting your own projectiles can lead to frustrating and needlessly tiresome encounters.There are a number of perks available at level up that profess to increase movement speed, these are either completely incorrect in their supposed effect or the gains are far too minimal as even after taking more than one such perk there is never any noticable increase in your movement speed.The interesting thing is the roll mechanic which acts as a little boost to evade enemies, the inclusion of which would have been unnecessary if the overall movement wasn't so awful. What I'm curious about is whether the roll was added to compensate for the overly slow base movement speed or whether the base movement speed was deliberately made that slow so as to make the planned roll mechanic relevant and useful.-- hitboxes / collision detection --The hitboxes on both the player character and some enemies is, in my opinion, a little off. I suppose the issue here is that the hitbox on the player character is a little too big, a hit is registered even though your character sprite wasn't contacted by the projectile, environmental effect, etc etc. It's true that with continued play you would probably adapt to this slightly too big hit box and learn to compensate but you shouldn't have to, a game like this needs a reliable, accurate and finely tuned hit detection system.In contrast, enemy hit boxes seem, at times, bafflingly arbitrary and with zero reference to their character sprites. More than once I've seen a projectile pass straight though an enemy without registering a hit, only for the next projectile on the same trajectory to instead register a successful hit. Again, this type of game thrives on tight, accurate hit detection, which at present, just isnt here.A lesser issue is with collision detection on environmental objects. This could well be tied to the above issue of your slightly oversized hit box but occasionally you do get stuck on environmental objects, even though it looks as though there is room enough to get by.-- pacing --This is more of a personal one but I really feel the pacing of the game needs to be addressed, both in terms of character progression and item acquisition. In short, leveling up seems to take a little too long. Combined with the...underwhelming, shall we say, perks that you get on level up, this makes the whole level system seem honestly quite redundant. I never once found myself pleased, excited or glad to have levelled up, it just doesn't feel like much of a reward.Item acquisition is probably a bigger issue, more specifically WHEN you get items. This game lists Binding of Isaac as one influencing game and it really shows. In Isaac however, there is a reliable and reasonable pacing to item acquisition. By and large each floor has one item room and an item from the boss room. There's no guarantee either one will be any good but at least there are reliably (keys allowing), AT LEAST two items per floor.This game does not have item rooms on each floor nor does it provide items as rewards after boss fights. In fact your most reliable source of items are the occasional mini-boss enemies (like elites from Diablo). These enemies are fairly few and far between however, you MIGHT find one per floor and some floors don't have any by design. This means you end up with very few items and the majority of itemsa you do find are unremarkable. I'm being quite generous when I say unremarkable by the way.I should note you can get items from vending machines but most are limited use and almost all are more than you can afford given the relative scarcity of money.All in all, despite how critical you may feel I've been, I really do think this game has potential and there are some things to enjoy here but there are more things that I feel need to be addressed by the developer before this game can really be recommended.In short, if you want to play an enjoyable but challanging twin stick shooter with tight controls and good pacing, play Binding of Isaac. It's pretty much all this game aspires to be and is considerably cheaper to boot."
76561197982543417,Not Recommended,262790,9263287,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,OmegaDestroyer,"Our Darker Purpose is essentially a bullet Hell rogue-like with a passive, persistent upgrade system.  I do like the game but right now, I cannot recommend it for the simple reason it needs more time to bake.  Currently, my two major issues with the game are gameplay and balance.The game lacks a decent reward system.  Your character starts off weak and stays weak throughout the game.  You can earn experience, level up, and get 1 of 2 perks.  Unfortunately, some of the perks are completely worthless (for example, -10% move speed for +2 healing pack capacity.) while others offer such a negligble benefit you can hardly tell they are there (+50% drop rate to items.)  You do find gear that can be useful but a lot of them don't work on bosses, others are broken, and some are so poorly implemented they do not make sense (2% health per 5 enemies killed. Worthless when you have around 100 life on average; why bother?).  Health, coins, and chalk (bombs essentially) drop in the game at a pathetic rate, leaving players scrambling for health.  I have had several runs where healing packs don't even drop.  You can buy items at vending machines but you cannot rely on them for survivability for long.  Lastly, you can donate credits (which you earn by completing levels) to unlock lasting benefits called ""lessons"" or donate to a counselor for passive, persistent upgrades.  You can only carry so many lessons and you only get more by donating to the counselor.  Unfortunately, you are forced to waste thousands of credits on the counselor and you only get upgrades every other level.  So while it is great to get +2 health pack capacity, it really sucks wasting 500 credits and being told the counselor was ""expecting more.""  I get the purpose behind it but since you get so few credits per level, it's insulting more than anything.The enemy balance right now is all over the place.  Most are fine the way they are while a few are ridiculously cheap (firing homing clouds that phase through everything and confuse you [interesting bug with that; if you exit to the menu while confused, the menu controls are inverted]).  Enemy strength scales with level so you take more damage while having very little way to heal yourself due to the aforementioned awful drop rates.  Bosses are incredbily tedious due to how long fights last.  If boss health was shaved 20%, I think the balance would be right.  Currently, all you get for defeating bosses is decent amount of experience and progression to the next level.As to the graphics, I greatly enjoy the grim feel of the game.  The music is appropriate and the sound effects are adequate.Due to the lack of balance at this point, I cannot recommend it.  I enjoy hard games.  I have spent way more time than I should in Binding of Issac and Dark Souls.  Those games offered a sense of accomplishment when you defeated a hard enemy.  Our Darker Purpose offers little for anything you accomplish.  That said, I would watch the progression of the game.  The developers are working hard and constantly updating the game.  I believe when all is said and done, Our Darker Purpose will be a great product."
,Not Recommended,262790,23634315,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Serterr,"Let me start off by saying that while I enjoyed this game for a while, I found it lacking. Most of the items found during runs don't greatly change the way the game is played. There will be a lot of ""+10% damage"" or ""+15% speed"" items that don't feel terribly rewarding to get. This makes every run feel very similar. The rolling is a nice mechanic. One of the things that bothered me the most was the hit boxes, both on myself and the enemies. While the sprites are cute, they often cover more area than the unit actually occupies, leading to a blurred line as to where the enemy can be hit and will contact you, or not. It's not altogether a bad game, it's just that for a game that requires many many runs to progress through, it seldom left me wanting to try again"
,Recommended,262790,26883403,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Don Arturo,An underappreciated gem. Git gud or die tryin’
,Recommended,262790,18894399,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Sirin,"People who like Binding of Isaac and similar games will love Our Darker Purpose. The game has its own, beautiful hand-drawn art style and lots of interesting items and enemies. It is also quite hard (took me 22 hours until I've finally been able to beat the final boss). Every playthrough is different, and as you aquire different items each time you'll also have to play very different each time.You will die often when starting to play Our Darker Purpose. But that doesn't matter, because with every achievement you get you'll also unlock classes, which are permament and can be chosen as you like.The only downside to this game are the strange controller keybinds. The inventory and log, for example, are both on the right analog stick, as is the ""use"" button. It's also not possible to change this keybinds, which is a bit sad. However, this is just a small problem and the rest of the game more than makes up for it."
76561198139708217,Recommended,262790,23748813,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Chang'e,"Take Binding of Isaac. Then put Tim Burton in charge of design. Add some RPG elements, and more player choices. Throw in a more fleshed-out backstory. Top with an awesomely epic soundtrack, and you get Our Darker Purpose."
,Recommended,262790,23679794,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Lesbian Unicorn (Farming Cards),"this game is similar to binding of isaac but it is not a rip-off of binding of isaac. The game has gothic atmosphere and tone. it has a great replay value and its hard(very hard). The game has a mystery that you need to discover and figure out what happened. Every life is a completely different which makes the replay value much more better. Unlike Binding of isaac you have to understand the enemies, because every approach to an enemy is different, the bosses have different types of attack and unlike binding of isaac where you have to just dodge and attack them, here you have to figure out every move of every boss, so unlike TBOI the bosses kind of remind bosses from dark souls.After you beat the game you unlock its hard mode which gives everyone new attack move(as if the game wasn hard at first).Overall its a hard game but its very addictive that doesnt forgive mistakes.9\10"
,Recommended,262790,16408789,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Moosey,"I must admit, when I first heard about this game I imediately thought it was a Binding of Isaac clone. It has a similar structure, and a lot familiar feelings associated with it. However this game plays a lot differently to BoI. The story is interesting, and has me really interested to find out what will happen. The patterns of monsters are frustrating at first(like BoI) but you will eventually get the hand of it and when in critical danger you can roll to move away faster. That ability alone makes this game a lot different to BoI. All in all I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of roguelikes. The items are really neat to explore and use, and the lessons are a nice add-on, as well as the counselor system.Still a fun game but hasn't recieved an update in quite some time."
,Recommended,262790,31213502,Posted: 17 April,all,Forgoten Null,"At the moment I heavily recomend this game, though I haven't fully cleared it (when I do I will update this review). If you're a lontime fan of the rougelike/rougelite genera you should have no qualms with picking this game up for full price, if you're new and your skeptical then I would still recomend picking up full price but if you have a tight budget then consider putting it on your wishlist and picking it up when you find the funds or when it goes on sale.As a cavieat to that I will say that if you haven't played rougelike/rougelite games that you should understand what those labels mean. This type of game will challenge you and it will frustrate you, but if your patient and dedicated then you will find that the feeling you get when you push past whatever was holding you back before is one of the most rewarding things you'll experience in gaming.General Gameplay:The gameplay of this game is increadibly fun and while it's difficulty can be frustrating at times, like many games in the rougelike/rougelite it's increadibly rewarding when you do finally manage to beat whatever you might have gotten stuck on before. The controls are very smooth and responsive and everything works as described. I haven't encountered any bugs or glitches so far.Design Of Levels & Enemies:The design of the enemies/levels/rooms/hazards/bosses is such that there is a very smooth difficulty curve. You really never find yourself in a position where the game is impossible to beat and you will never find yourself in a position where your victory is assured. Yes, because of the RNG involved in the game you will find that some runs are easier and some runs are harder, but every run win is a victory earned and every defeat will be something in the end you can only really blame on yourself and mistakes you've made.My only gripe about the level design is that the procedural engine requires that the levels broken into linear branches. I.E. if a room has two diffrent doors that lead to two diffrent branches then those branches won't meet up again even if two rooms in those branches end up touching later on. Though it doesn't really distract from gameplay so it's a really minor thing.Story/Atmosphere/Theme:The atmosphere of this game is increadibly compelling with an artstyle and soundtrack that while simple are quite compelling. The theme is very dark and sinister and after more and more of the backstory is revealed about diffrent enemies and bosses and about the games world in general you'll find yourself wondering what exactly happened in the halls of Edgewood before Cordy woke up after the encounter again and what is really going on in the school.I have noticed many people commenting about the game's story feeling unfinished, but I can't really comment on that due to the fact that I haven't actually finished the game yet.My only advice in that regard is that if you do get this game that you should keep playing, the end might not exactly be where you thought it was and it might take a few more runs through before you can get to it. That's something I learned that plesantly surprised me.Replayability:The game like many of the more recent additions of this genera is predicated on being replayable. You will try and fail multiple times before you're finally able to succeed, and when you do succeed you'll unlock new content that will give you a reason to play through a few more times.The game also has a system where you can customize your character to a degree between runs. This is not only something that is nessary for you to do to be able to get through to the endgame content, but it's also something that allows you to experiment with competley diffrent playstyles and turn the game into something diffrent. An example of this would be that after you complete the prerequisite challenge and then unlock the option with the games credit system you can change Cordy's dodge roll into a blink. Another example of this is the option to drastically increase Cordy's health pool at the start for the downside of not being able to replenish your health normally. There are a number of big changes you can make like those as well as a very large number of minor tweeks you can make as well.As I mentioned in the above paragraph there are a multitude of challenges in the game and they all reward something, be that additonal credits, lore, item unlocks, character options, or even staight character upgrades. Some of them are rather simple, while others are diaboliclly difficult. If you are a completionist you will not be wanting for something to do with this game. Though if I remember correctly there is one specific challenge regarding the champion cat enemy that can appear that is either bugged or is just virtually impossible because the chance of finding that particular variant is effectivley zero.Oh, and did I mention that this game also has a hard mode for those of among us who might find the base games content too easy? I haven't tried it myself, so I can't speak about it, but whenever finish the game's base content then I'll be sure to let you know if it's balanced as well as the rest of the game.tl;drThis game is better than Binding of Issac, and this is coming from someone who has completed the original Binding of Issac and has 100% cleared Binding of Issac Rebirth and it's Afterbirth DLC (currently working on Afterbirth+ so I can leave a proper review on that game)"
,Recommended,262790,33108467,Posted: 1 July,all,Sandro,"The game is really enjoyable and challenging. The difficulty cap is ultimately set quite high, thus making it replayable as much as it is rewarding for reaching ever further, while, quite admittedly, it may be off-putting at times. It also has great atmosphere with its grotesque style (reminescent of Tim Burton) alongside with gorgeous and fitting art design and plot setting as well as lovely soundtrack. Gameplay is not much different from Isaac and yet feels a bit slower paced, just enough to make it less frustrating. Another good thing is the pre-run upgrade system which gives a little more control of the setting while reducing the RNG factor.Overall score of 8/10"
76561197991614072,Recommended,262790,25045716,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Mr Oist,People compare it to isaac. In some apsects thats true. But it is its own game. Isaac is good. This game is also good.
76561198040875810,Recommended,262790,18461166,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Clockwork Chaos,"This is my 1st review and I am not use to writing anything online so if there are any problems please kindly let me know.Playtime is very wrong, while steam says 35 hours, I have played over 150 hours.A great game with a lot of replayability.The gameplay is very nice and it can be very hard at times. Enemies are grouped in factions, each faction has it own theme, appearance and they play differently from one and another. The each faction is harder then the last, the final faction can be very difficult to fight. The bosses are also unqiue, there is only two bosses that are similar. Most boss fights are fun and hard, only some are annoying. The levels also impact the game, the level are just as different as the factions.The music for the game is amazing. Each theme go greaty with it's faction or boss. The music makes the game even more fun and it also make some bosses feel more challenging .The game also has a nice story and lore. There is no voice acting, the story is all text base but should not be a problem for most. Most of the story need to be discovered  and most of the story is left to the player to interpret.The art is very good. I like how they made it look hand draw. It has a story book feel to it. The art is dark but not gory which suit the game. The final faction look great and very unqiue.Gameplay: 9/10Music: 10/10Art:10/10Story:8/10Final Score 10/10Edit: There two version of the game, the beta update and the normal. It been in beta for year with no word of a update. The Beta is better but have some bad bugs such as bosses not being killed and one boss have loss the power to attack at all (except it has a short range attack in Hard mode)."
,Recommended,262790,29764933,Posted: 7 February,all,Metalfan1,"This game in my personal opinion, Is actually very good by itself.If you expect a lot of action and speed and explotions and general destruction, you better play tboi, because this game is slower, but that doesn't mean that is bad, you only need patience.If you don't like that much this game, at least the music is worth it (obviously in a discount)"
,Recommended,262790,16982942,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,popoki,"tl;dr: It's Binding of Isaac as a girl.  If you liked Binding of Isaac, you'll like this game.It's obvious -- an overhead, oldschool Zelda-inspired, 4-directional dual-stick shooter in which you play as a hapless, ambiguously 'innocent' child in a dark, gothic setting, moving from floor to floor collecting powerups and fighting huge, challenging bosses in a rogulike gameplay shell.  Yep, it's Binding of Isaac.  But notexactly.First of all, the little aesthetic differences on the surface; to start off with, you play as a girl (though one could argue you can technically play as a ""girl"" in BoI, and this game's Cordy looks kinda like Eve, but that's besides the point).  And instead of tears, you shoot fireballs.  And instead of going down an increasingly surreal basement, you go up an increasingly surreal schoolhouse / orphanage.  And instead of vicious, freakish abominations of nature, you fight vicious, freakish orphaned children (and eventually abominations of nature).  Yeah, really similar stuff... though overall ODP has a slightly less cartoonish, more Tim Burton-esque gothic style to it, which depending on your tastes may look a lot better than BoI's, and it's at least marginally ""classier"", with a LOT less bodily fluids and toilet humor, though its share of less-than-prudish bits here and there; it's more on the ""somewhat unsettling/disturbing, but kind of cool"" level than the ""gross-out until you get used to it and just laugh the rest of the way"" level BoI sits on.But what about the gameplay?  Well, it is indeed EXTREMELY similar to Isaac, but with a few fundamental differences.  The biggest ones are:A) an experience/levelling system, which guarantees at least semi-regular increases in power comparable to a useful passive item upgrade, especially if you're one of those players like me who insists on clearing every single room in every floor.  This kind of replaces BoI's item rooms on each floor, though this is somewhat of a blessing since level-up bonuses are nearly ALWAYS good if not great.B) a persistant upgrade system to make yourself or the world around you more geared for your success as you build up tokens earned by completing floors and getting achievements, which you can spend on either 'lessons' (passive effects you earn through achievements as well) or your 'guidance counselor' (which is basically a way to bank extra currency for gradual bonuses, similar to the coin bank in BoI in a way)C) the ability to DODGE ROLL.  You have no idea how good this is and how it changes the experience compared to BoI!  Not only is it just a universally useful thing to have but it allows you to, say, take a slow movement-speed build and not be forced to tank countless hits from enemies/projectiles that are literally unavoidable without speed past a certain threshold like in BoI.There are other smaller differences, like the fact you get to manually choose your next floor out of 2-4 choices and see the variables they have (kind of like curses in BoI but often with both positive and negative, or even outright positive, effects)... or the fact that instead of bombs which I say are of dubious quality anyway in BoI, you get chalk which is basically a very rare but very powerful utility that can be used both offensively and defensely.  Also, as opposed to your regular bombable secret rooms, in this game they're rather obvious and easy to find and only occur once every few floors on average, anyway.Aside from those points, it's more or less an identical game.  But that's not a bad thing.  Like so many great games of PC gaming past copied the original Rogue and created the genre we now know as roguelike, ODP copies Binding of Isaac which is this generation's most well-known and quite possibly well-made roguelike.  And it is a great game.  There's really no reason I can think of NOT to buy it if you like Isaac at all, or just action rpg/overhead shooter/roguelikes in a general sense.  The graphics are unique and lovely, the music is atmospheric, the gameplay is tight and spot-on, and it never seems unfair, far less than Isaac.I suppose if I had one criticism, it'd be that it's more 'subdued' than BoI... besides in an aethetic sense as mentioned earlier, there are definitely far less ways to make your character / shots nearly as 'wild' or unique as you can in Isaac, and it's basically a matter of doing what you can to make them stronger, faster, have longer range, and add as many supplementary alternate 'bullets' as you can through various means.  But since the game's designed and balanced around this less over-the-top style it's really not that big of a deal."
,Not Recommended,262790,31724324,Posted: 13 May,all,Zatchel,"I gave this an honest try, wanting to like it but there is 3 very big reasons I cannot recommend it.1.- The style is odd and unappealing to me, the game in general looks like a flash game quality wise. the style of the animation seems to be cardboard puppets or similar and it makes a game look borish. Add to that that the controls are bad, instead of letting you aim with your mouse the correct angles, the game makes you shoot up, down, left or right using the arrow keys, making it hard to hit on an angle unlike other games of the genre2.- Now, after mentioning that the graphics look really basic, how was this game optimized, if at all? I am not sure what issue this is causing in my machine but every so often the game freezes, waits to load graphically then continues. Why does a game so basic looking is giving my graphic card a run for its money? Keep in mind I can play games like Friday the 13th and Dead by daylight without any sort graphical glitch on max settings.3.- The game is cheapish and luck based, in this aspect, it is somewhat similar to The binding of Issac, but unlike Issac were even if you dont get the best upgrades you could manage to complete it, this one REALLY depends on you getting really good upgrades to stand a chance against higher floor bosses at all.Sorry, I recommend you skip this one unless you are helplessly addicted to top view shooting games.Also seems the game has a very rabious fanbase that accepts no critizism of it. As I said, played it (more than the hours steam report as I was able to do about 10 runs) and this game is really not for me, it lacks the charm other similar games of the genre has and it looks completely awful."
,Recommended,262790,9415527,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Time Catalyst,"If you like Binding of Isaac's gameplay, FTL's progression, and Don't Starve's art style, you'll love Our Darker Purpose. It's lacking a bit in variety (but plenty hard to keep you from blowing through it) but they are consistently updating and hopefully if the game is successful they will add more content."
,Recommended,262790,15574318,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,SUNRAYS ON YOUR LITTLE FACE,"Spooky concept, eerily wonderful soundtrack. Witty potato banter seals the deal."
,Recommended,262790,24009295,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cranica,"Incredibly high-quality game for how relatively obscure it is.The very high initial learning curve makes it feel very, very rewarding when you finally get things right. Vastly improved item balance compared to Binding of Isaac means that victory isn't quite so feast-or-famine; it's entirely possible to finish a run even with the worst items and even the best won't save you from terrible play. The story is tense and well-written, and the spectacularly atmospheric soundtrack makes every step up the tower feel like a step deeper into the dark.The best roguelike I have ever played, and among the best games. 9.5/10, the only complaint I have is the godawful bouncing-spiky-ball mechanic (which fortunately does not overly affect the late-game)."
,Not Recommended,262790,22368822,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Edgewalker,"""Our Darker Purpose"" is a ""me too"" roguelike that no doubt means to sail in the wake of runaway successes like The Binding of Isaac. Unlike the others, though, ODP offers significantly more in the way of RPG elements.In terms of gameplay, ODP is very much in the real-time roguelike tradition, with a series of rooms in which the player faces challenges of combat or dexterity. You are locked in a room until you complete it, and then may enter an adjoining one.ProsCompared to other roguelikes, ODP has level progression per session, with choices of perks at each level-up. Your choices are effectively a build for the session, and reduce the randomness normally associated with roguelikes.The gothic art style is a good choice, and was no doubt influenced by Edward Gorey, a personal favorite of mine, as well as more recent expressions of the genre, such as ""Don't Starve.""ODP has a story that unfolds in fragments, and while it's hardly a masterpiece, it's far more than one would expect for the genre.ConsThe lack of controller support is a big mark against the game, and an oversight that is more egregious considering the genre.I like the sketchy, gothic art style, but ODP's art style feels amateur and inconsistent. Some objects feature sharp, fine lines and hard edges, while others are soft and look like they've been heavily resampled. Also, there is insufficient variation in room props. I've seen many pixel-perfect-identical desks or chairs spawn in neat grids in the room.The pacing is poorly managed, and the rooms quickly become boring and repetitive. Many rooms require far more patience than actual skill, at times making the game a tedious slog.Pickups are mostly uninteresting and give small bonuses to stats like health, critical chance, and damage. Roguelikes usually feature a variety of highly powerful objects or abilities, or at a minimum, very interesting ones with multiplicative synergy. ODP's pickups lack synergy and (generally ) only linearly affect stats.The game's difficulty is disappointing. The game is very easy when compared to hardcore roguelikes, and will probably disappoint players who expect a serious challenge."
,Not Recommended,262790,9008944,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,BiskutMentega,"Pros:+ Rogeu-lite with lore, which is quite interesting+Cons:- Lacking of sound effects.- Grey everything. Almost everything is grey.- Unimpressive animation. Every character/enemies in the game is like a stiff cutout. Don't expect something like Don't Starve.- Boring boss. Discipline King is the most boring boss I've encountered.- Questionable enemy hitboxes.- Items that you picked up does nothing to your character. I mean, you picked some glasses that will extend your projectile range. But your character stays the same from start to end.I've tried to like the game. My first impression on the game was like ""I can't believe I paid 10 bucks for this."" So I played give the game some more time, played it some more. The devs has patched the game with some updates, changing the item drop rates, starting movement speed and firing rate. The result: the game got better.The most noticeable flaw in this game is the lack of sound effect. The lore said something like the kids killed all the ""quiet ones"". But all the enemies in the game is mute, no screaming kids, no nothing.I bought this game hoping for something like Binding of Isaac, so I can't help but to compare it to BoI eventhough it was a different game than this. I do however, praise the devs for being brave to do something new by introducing ""rolling"". Cordy was intentionally be made to move slow like a sloth so that you will have to depend more on the rolling.At the current state, this game is unfinished. Should be an early access title. Go ahead, buy it but you'll need to manage your expectations a little bit. Try to search for Our Darker Purpose demo last year, and compare it to this final product."
,Not Recommended,262790,10005842,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Zuber Man,"Incredibly disappointing, on the surface Our Darker Purpose seemed like it would be a promising addition to the ""Procedural Death Labyrinth"" style of roguelike games, but once you start playing the bad quickly outweighs the good.One thing that drew me in was the art style shown in the previews, looking very dark and bleak. While it is prevalent throughout the whole of the game, it quickly loses its shine after repeated playings, especially when the player character looks ripped from a chibi manga for no apparent reason. All in all it looks like a 13 year old A Series of Unfortunate Events fan's failed deviantART page, with very little that's truly original in design, not to mention the framerate for pretty much all character animations are stiff and awful, and not in an intentional way designed to add to the atmosphere.The biggest problem is the gameplay, though. Attacks are bland, enemies show little sign of taking damage when hurt and die in tiny puffs of smoke, movement is slow, items can be near-useless, leveling up isn't exciting, bosses are either boring and tedious or ridiculously difficult, traps are hard to dodge or are so easy to avoid they don't even have a purpose of being there (unless one of your item's effects sets it off unintentionally, which is INCREDIBLY annoying, by the way), there's a light mechanic which seriously doesn't gel with the game mechanics, the areas blend together into monochromatic vomit and overall it's just not fun to experience. I seriously had to push myself to play it, saying to myself that I probably just didn't get far enough into it for it to grab me, but that's pretty poor reasoning, as a roguelike it should be MOST grabbing on first run since it's your first time stepping into the game's atmosphere and mechanics, it should fill you with excitement for a new experience, not make you catatonic within three hours of playing.I should probably talk about the story. It's bland. It's SO bland. There's a boarding school where the faculty are an evil sovereignity who barely care for the students that act as an anarchy except for the major social cliques who behave like warring tribes and you already know this plot because you angrily scribbled it into your diary when you were an emo kid in middle school.There's barely a drop of originality in the worldbuilding or plot, 90% of it is concepts that have been used several times before, the bullies being giants, the younger students acting like feral demi-humans and using school supplies as adhoc weaponry, the school faculty underreacting to student death or actively causing it, it's all been done before and done better.Overall this game is a lot like taking an x-ray of Tim Burton making love to A Series of Unfortunate Events while The Addams Family watches from out the window with a tub of store brand petroleum jelly: it's awful, pretentious, empty, not as slick as it could be, hard to see without proper light and has a chance of giving you cancer.And with that awkward metaphor said I slip back into my cave."
,Recommended,262790,9037460,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,*Junon,"I bought Our Darker Purpose on a whim because of the obvious similarities to Binding of Isaac. It certainly delivers on those appearances. Instead of a little boy exploring his basement/hellscape, you are a young girl exploring a boarding school where the adults have disappeared and the children have gone feral and otherwise run rampant (it may also be a hellscape in its own right). Room layouts and enemy types are random, items drop that augement your shots/defenses/etc, there are bosses at the end of every floor, and so on.The differences are in the details; ODP is a bit more strategic and less random than BoI. Player movement is much slower (but you can roll for extra speed), projectiles also tend to be slower, and enemy patterns tend to be a little more predictable. Further:- There is an XP system, and every level up you get to choose between two books, which are essentially Fallout-style perks- most are only beneficial, some require trade-offs.- Pickup items, bosses, etc, all unlock in greater quantities as you progress.- As you unlock achievements and generally progress in the game, you unlock different ""classes"" which are persistent perks, and can be equipped using available ""class periods"" so you can mix and match your class schedule and have a somewhat persistent build. For example, my current character starts with a few extra coins, extra crit chance when close to enemies, and the ability to shoot while rolling. I may want to switch these for other classes once more lucrative ones are unlocked.I have played for 11 hours and completed the first of three (four?) chapters at the 9 hour mark. I've only gotten past that point a couple of times since. I am still seeing new enemies and bosses and have less than 50% of the pickup items unlocked according to the ingame stats.All of the artwork is hand-drawn (the player and enemy sprites at least) with great thick ink lines. I almost think the assets were done on paper and scanned into sprites. Just like the screenshots indicate, it's very reminiscent of Edward Gorey, Tim Burton, Neil Gaiman's Coraline, and other media in the Goth Kid style. It's clean and consistent throughout. The music is decent and fits thematically with the visuals. Some of the tracks (especially the boss battles) sound properly big and orchestral which is impressive considering it was composed and orchestrated byone guy(this is a link to the soundtrack). As for the setting and story, the game again draws deep from its obvious influences but adds enough of its own spin that things never feel derivitave or cliched. The ingame writing- the item descriptions and lore pages and such- is effectively humorous and creepy, often at the same time. The slow drip of the plot and absolute consistency in the narrative (a school where things are not quite right) are high points.Perhaps my biggest praise for Our Darker Purpose is that in all the hours I've played (now 19 at the time of this edit) I have always felt a sense of progression. Every run seems to go a little further than the last, or I find a new item for the first time, or unlock one thing or another and want to go right back for another run. It hasn't just been a smooth learning curve -- everything about it has improved with as I've played more.This was a rare day-one impulse buy for me - I had never heard of Our Darker Purpose before it launched on Steam. And what a pleasant surprise it's been! Highly recommended to any BoI fan or really anyone who enjoys these ""rogue"" influenced action games."
76561198109099969,Recommended,262790,22486320,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Daesaster,"Usually, I don't like games that are difficult. But this game has a somewhat Series of Unfortunate Events charm that I respond well to. It gets easier as you go along, you basically grind for a while until you can buy perks. And for a while, I mean a loooooong while. There are many items and level-up perks that have both a positive and a negative to using them. Every time you get an achievement, it unlocks a perk. Usually achievements just sit pretty and give others an indication of how much you've played and how well, but now there's even more reason to get them.This game makes it feel like you're getting somewhere, e.g. ""Now I have enough points to donate to the counsellor. He gave me nothing. :/ I'm broke again""Honestly, I suck at these games, but this one does a great job of keeping me interested."
76561198196196709,Recommended,262790,22436105,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,silveroug2,"I haven't played a lot of this game yet, but I'm loving it so far. It is difficult, but it's not impossible and that challenge makes getting past some floor that you've been stuck on much more rewarding.So far I've found the story to be incredibly compelling and I find the way the story is told to be very interesting as well. There is no dialouge (at least not as far as I've gotten), the story is told completely through tooltips on items and notes on the bosses you defeat, as well as the occasional conversation between two pieces of furniture.I also love the soundtrack and the art style as well, the art style is quite dark and while the soundtrack is too, it doesn't make the game too creepy that I don't want to play it.I really don't have anything negative to say about this game and all I can do is recommend it."
76561198102220290,Recommended,262790,23220390,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,neverwinterj,"This game is a great version of the Binding of Isaac style gameplay, with the roll adding a surprising level of versatility not found in vanilla Isaac. Seriously, this is a great game, but they weren't kidding when they tagged it difficult."
,Recommended,262790,24995357,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ChuckleNuts,"This game is a great way to spend time and can be difficult with even the best of runs.UpsidesArtstyleFramerateInteresting itemsLarge amount of playtimeWas still being updated months after the game releasedDownsidesThe hitboxes can be a bit off and sometimes shots don't seem to go where they shouldSome items can sometimes be confusing in what they doThe difficulty of the bosses seems a bit off, some mid game bosses are harder than even the last bossOverall I highly reccormend this game if on saleIf not Binding of isaac would still be a better buy"
76561198083430407,Recommended,262790,24817383,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Sleepypanda,"This is a golden gem of a game.I've played far more than the meager 76 minutes it says on Steam. Possibly due to offline mode, possibly due to unknown issues.Regardless, as you might guess by the fact I went out of my way to earn the ""10 games wining streak"" achievement, I absolutely love this game.Let's list it's few cons first:-It's extremely luck based. The traits and items you get can and will make or break a run. While skill has a ton to do with it as well, it's simply impossible to win if you didn't get any options for bonus damage items or traits; enemies have far too much health and deal way too much damage in projectiles that are all across the screen.Even if it was possible to kite and slowly whittle away at the enemies until you won, you would've had to have spent hours doing so.-It's heart breaking to lose because of an unlucky boss fight; perhaps you picked a few things that were bad against that one specific boss, or you just made a mistake (some bosses can hit HARD, so one mistake is enough), and lost a run that had potential.-The game is very difficult, with no choice for easy mode. There is hardmode once you've finished the game, but if you aren't sure of your skills you should probably NOT play this game. Seriously.-Some of the items (especially a few of the actives) are worthless without synergy. For example, if you override your dodge roll with a haste effect then dodge roll modifiers will have no effect. If you have no non-standard damage types then a non-standard damage amplifier will do nothing for you. Etc.-For you completionists out there, hardmode doesn't always feel fair, and might be a real stopper from getting 100% achievements in this game.And now, the pros:-The sound design is SUPERB. From the music to the sound of things breaking, sounds of bosses as you fight them - everything is perfect.-Items are plentiful and varied, and are not all boring in their effects. Yes, there is some ""+range"" or ""+damage"" items, but most of them are ""+25% attack speed but your shots now have an angle variance"" or ""you get double-damage, but if you miss you lose health"" etc. This makes the items not only powerful but also fundamentally alter your play-style.-The traits you can choose can also drastically change your play-style; they offer health, sustain, damage, attack speed, movement speed, increased item drops, increased mini-boss spawns etc.-When a run goes well, the game is amazingly fun, and when the run is close it's a true nail-biter. Especially if you're on the ""10 games wining streak"" challenge.-Environments are detailed enough to be interesting, but not enough to distract you.-The story is told through bits and pieces; each time you beat a room's challenges the furniture might spout some dialog. Each item has a description or comment from the administrators, and each perk you choose also contains a similar thing. Beating challenges (or discovering them) also usually yields some lore, in addition to unlocking new items or skills.-The game is fair in it's hit-boxes. You'll rarely think ""That shouldn't have hit' or ""I was sure that'd have hit!""-All of the controls are extremely simple and very intuitive.-The somewhat dark, depressing theme is excellently contrasted with the game's humor. This is about as well done as Darkest Dungeon's depressing and hopeless theme.-And finally, it's fun.If you have your doubts, pick this up on a sale. You probably won't regret it, if you're up to the challenge and spending some time in RNG-land. 8/10.-Sleepy"
76561198114088408,Recommended,262790,24598197,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,the Muffinman,Great game. I prefer the setting and atmosphere of this game to that of the Binding of Isaac.
76561198139070638,Recommended,262790,24547855,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Galactic Vendor,"Great game! It's quite difficult at the start, but becomes rewarding and highly satisfying. The game has a great lore, good humor, and a dark vibe going on. This game is worth playing and does not disappoint."
76561198030127591,Recommended,262790,22632858,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Reighnvhasta,"Story:Little story about a girl name Cordy adventuring through the building. Nothing special, but a lot of additional, unlockable pieces of lore through following archivists and beating bosses.Gameplay:Very much like Binding of Isaac. Rectangular rooms with doorways in any of the cardinal directions, enemies, and random (annoying) pieces of debris/furniture scattered about. Different types of rooms include: Challenge rooms, vending machines, bosses, and the normal 'can't progress until you beat all the enemies' room. WASD to move, arrows to shoot, space to roll. Randomized items dropped by champion (red) enemies, in chests, and from vending machines. Each run will probably be different. Medium sized roster of bosses and enemies. Also, selectable paths with different traits, and passive upgrades that you can unlock by completing certain achievements. Overall, challenging, smooth controls, and a lot of replayability. The biggest issue that I have is that some of the hitboxes are a bit odd.Art/SoundtrackDank and dark. Just kidding, partially. The atmosphere is gothic and sticks to cooler/darker hues. The soundtrack just adds to this feeling. Solemn menu music, (slightly) haunting/eerie music while exploring the floors, and ""mystical"" boss music. I can't think of a better way to describe it XD.TL:DR/OverallIf you like Binding of Isaac or challenging games with a fitting atmosphere, loads of replayability, and plenty of lore, buy this game. It's well worth the price."
,Recommended,262790,26327774,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,northbynorthsouth,You die a lot but then you learn and die less.
,Recommended,262790,20119331,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,十四,Please add simplified Chinese!!不错的游戏，但是希望官方汉化
,Recommended,262790,14093988,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,sani,"I really like the game but I also have to say that I'm way into rogue-lites in the vain of Binding of Isaac or similar games. So ODP is basically a twin stick roguelike with a heavy emphasis on finding the right item at the right time. Unlocking the right items can be a bit tedious since the first rounds tend to be quite difficult. But after the first bumpy runs you get used to the flow of the game and it really opens up. It's a bit short but you'll want to run the game more than one time anyway. The art style and music is really great and transports the atmosphere of the abandoned children shelter quite nicely. The lore is great if you want to invest the time in reading it. Overall a great game which I can only recommend since the devs are still providing patches for the game with new items or the newly added controller support, there is nothing which I could really criticize. A good buy which I don't regret. For fans of the genre a great buy, everyone else can buy on sale and the chances that you may like it aren't that slim."
,Recommended,262790,9358239,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Citizen Marioparte,"This game is a hidden little gem and I really wish people paid more attention to it. There's pretty much no flaws to it, other then a few meager little nitpicks.Now first off, I want you to imagine Tim Burton made the Binding of Isaac. Now remove anything remotely similar to Johnny Depp. That's what our Darker Purpose is. The game plays almost identically to BOI, albeit a bit more slow-paced. You collect items and level up every once and a while.This game is a rogue-like, it has randomly generated floors, each with randomly generated rooms. Many of these floors will have a certain level-feeling (i.e. To Big, Leaderless, Power Struggle, Sensetive, etc.) that can make or break your playthrough. It's very rare that a death in this game will be the game's fault, although it won't be uncommon that your playthrough may get harder thanks to the luck of the draw present in all rogue-likes.In short, Our Darker Purpose is a fine piece of work, and by-and-far one of my more favorite games. It has a nice sense of humour, a gorgousley grim art-style, plays near perfectly, and is hard to boot."
,Not Recommended,262790,8942671,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,michaelcantwell,"I wanted to like it more than i did but i just doesn't feel finish. They really should of said that this is an early access game.My advice is to wait, if you seen let's plays and think you might like it just wait. It will be updated soon i hope because there a good game here they just need to finish developing it."
,Recommended,262790,23965455,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Tylias,"Pretty difficult game. Interesting story and setting. Definitley returning to this one. Cool art style too, reminds me of Tim Burton meets Binding of Isaac"
76561198134565642,Recommended,262790,14857617,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,velkito,"Gotta love how my best purchases are <5 euros, while (at least one of) my worst purchases are at full or nearly full price. Don't let the similarities to Binding of Isaac deter you, get that game! At the very least the atmosphere is worth the price tag. That being said, the controls and the handling of the projectiles your hero shoots take a bit of getting used to. Still, it does have that magic touch, and that ""just one more run"" mark of quality.Edit: 8 months later. I wanted to review the game again, and positively, having forgotten I'd written that.That being said, it does hit a plateau at some point for me where progress is glacial, even non-existent at points"
,Recommended,262790,25523743,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,kome360,"They thought The Binding Of Isaac was dark.This is DARKER.Set in a supernatural boarding house surrounded by an endless wasteland, you play as a cute little girl who is fated to die hundreds of times in the Worst School Ever. Children are heartlessly sacrificed to the various horrors of this ever-changing labyrinth of death, while the administrators crack jokes, admire the obituaries, and encourage increasingly-fatal proposals to make their deaths even more humiliating and horrifying. The few children who have survived this far have grouped into factions that fight each other to the death using anything they can find, and punish unaffiliated students with suicidal fervor. The stew is jumping. The potatoes are rambling. The desks and beds are discussing the intricate madness of the world they live in, unaware that they are not as invinicble as they think. Everything else has a lock on you and will grow in damage and dakka until you are dead, dead, dead.Your character has a few advantages. Her main attack involves throwing high-damage fireballs and she can acquire up to a hundred different upgrades and a dozen special attacks. Unlike Isaac, she can dodge roll away from danger, which increases her speed and can be upgraded with a few extra items. She also has access to a limited number of perks from both the start of the game and whenever she levels up.But none of this power compares to the sheer atomosphere of this cursed hellscape. Hands will claw their way into the room and swipe at you. Rooms will lose power to the lights. Ghosts will explode various objects at will. And sometimes, everything is on fire. You are the prey, you are SO out of your element, and you need to get to the end with enough health to destroy the insanely difficult bosses.Good luck. Morsel."
,Recommended,262790,8982168,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,firynth,"First off, if you're expecting this game to be exactly like, or VERY similar to, The Binding of Isaac and cannot leave Isaac off in its own corner while playing this game, then don't buy it.  You're going to try to play it like Isaac and just be disappointed that it doesn't play in the same manner and then spread dislike about this game because it's highly likely that you're not going to adapt to how the game should be played.Second, if you do buy the game, download the test, aka ""beta"", version first to get the latest version (400 or higher) if the game isn't already at it.  The patch addresses a majority of the problems most people have of it, even though I felt the base game was actually pretty good to begin with.Third, this game is hard.  There's no ifs, ands, or buts about this at all.  You HAVE to stick with it and unlock lessons, classes, and the counselor bonuses to make it easier for you.  Some of the attempts will require luck to unlock the boss/chapter achievements.  Others involve great skill.  It gets easier, especially with practice, trust me.  However, the difficulty of the game makes it that much more rewarding when you finally do succeed in various aspects of the game, like beating the chapter 1 boss for the first time.Straight up, I like this game and that's why I'm recommending it.  I'm not going to talk about aesthetics of the game, the actual feel of the game play, or anything else that's subjective to me in this review due to the fact that everyone likes different things in games.  All I can suggest is watching videos of it being played.  Hell, leave a comment and I'll record videos, with or without commentary (though I don't know if I can provide entertaining commentary).  If you like what you see, buy it.  If not, buy something else that suits your tastes.  But I think that if you like what you see, and like the genre, chances are, you will like this game."
,Recommended,262790,13672237,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DARKNESS?!,"Our Darker Purpose is a fantastic game, but due to Binding of Isaac being around, comparisons are inevitable. Of course we have the top-down perspective, shooting projectiles at enemies while running through rooms and picking up items. Heck, even the stragely sized rooms of ODP have been matched now that Rebirth is out. However, that is where comparisons for me end. Where as Isaac is focused on action and unsubtle humor, ODP is more about atmosphere, mystery, and discovery, with a sprinkle of humor mixed in for the dedicated or patient. How many games have idle conversations between pieces of furniture or sacks of potatoes?Its atmosphere is where it stands out the most in comparison. It is far darker (both in tone and in actual lighting) and there is far more to learn as the game progresses. Defeating bosses, finding secret rooms, and collecting certain items gives you insite into how the orphanage work and what dark secrets it was hiding, even before the events of the game. I felt like the lore of ODP is much deeper than Isaac, because where Isaac is more about interpretation, ODP is more about discovery.The gameplay is the most similar between the two, but it has enough that sets it appart. There is dodge-rolling, recovery items (juice boxes) that you can hold for when you need them, a level up system, and a health bar with a value instead of hearts. Another huge difference is that in ODP, there is a special ability board of sorts in which you can unlock abilities, spend the points you get on each run to get use of them, and use a certain number of them to help improve your chances in various ways. And yes, improve your chances. This game is far more difficult than Isaac. There are very few, if any, overpowered items, although a number of them do synergize nicely. You have to work with what you have and hopefully use those preselected abilities to your advantage.Overall, I really enjoy Our Darker Purpose. While I do find Isaac more fun due to its wacky combinations and god-like status by the end of a run, Our Darker Purpose feels more satisfying. Going up the floors feels like far more of an accomplishment, beating a boss without taking damage or by beating it in its own special way is more fun, and the difficulty spikes so hard that if you aren't prepared you will die, no questions asked."
76561198040949910,Recommended,262790,28336009,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Rad Stan,"An evil version of the wayside school looms in a vast depressing void where you the player will guide a seemingly innocent fire ball girl named Cordy, who recently had all her friends murdered when all the adults vanished, through a school filled with psychopathic orphanage/boarding school students up an irrational amount of floors to seek answers from the entity known as the administrators. Cordy is destined to die many times, but still mysteriously can restart her journey a bit differently every death afterwards. In the afterlife you can take classes which if equipped give different abilities to help you on your journey.Pros:•	The boss fights are epic and each requires a different strategy for beating them.•	The story is one of the best I’ve seen in videogames with a lot of world building, secrets, and interesting characters, but not many people will find that out because of the lore/memory room system.  This game’s story is mysterious and is slowly fed to the player over time through boss battles and memory rooms (more on that later).•	The gothic pencil drawn art style is unique and really makes ODP stand out.•	There’s tons of content and gameplay mechanics to master.•	Understanding and strategizing juice box health management and exactly how to approach a screen are key here. Much more about item management and survival than running and gunning, so this is much more slowly paced than many top down shooters.•	There are tons of different challenges that give you access to new items, classes to you if you beat them and also encourage experimentation in what items to buy and how you approach bosses.•	The game definitely has a good sense of humor which is mainly shown through the Administrators who make sarcastic comments in a very GLaDOS like way.•	The class system allows a variety of different lessons to equip which significantly alter the way you play. You can run a crit build, a juice box build, a chalk build, there’s a lot to choose from, but you have to unlock the classes first.Cons:•	The various pieces props like the potatoes, furniture, rocks, and pipes have strange clipping detection and more than once I’ve got stuck on one of their sides when trying to roll away from an enemy.•	Certain important aspects of the game like the class/period system and memory rooms are not explained and huge parts of the game can be missed out on.•	There is a high skill ceiling on this game, more so than with the Binding of Isaac. Many people will get stuck on the Woundwort Dormitory which is the first difficulty spike and will feel like they can’t progress causing them to stop playing. Most of the fun items, abilities, and the majority of the story are beyond this first spike of difficulty so a lot of players are going to stop playing before they even crack the surface and actually know what the game is all about. I played this game off and on for more than a year before actually beating it, so you either have to be good or have enough patience.•	The majority of the power ups in this game are very boring and scarce, whereas with Binding of Isaac almost every power up alters the game and your appearance in a major way ODP’s power ups are more conservative like with damage, speed, and drop boosts that don’t alter appearances at all. The power ups in ODP that aren’t stat boosts like the classes and items are still pretty boring besides a select few.•	Some may think that after a while all the environments look the same and become boring.•	The Shakespeare references to King Lear and Romeo and Juliet don’t have any strong parallels to the plot and as a result are pointless.•	Hard mode for me at least isn’t even really fun, with my skill level there are only a couple builds and items that let me get anywhere, so it always feels constrictive and dependent on RNG.Things I wish I knew: Our Darker Purpose doesn’t explain things well sometimes, and those omitted instructions kept me from progressing and understanding the story for a long time. Hopefully now you can understand the game immediately with these slick reminders.Memory Rooms: There are these ghost librarians called Archivists which occasionally walk from room to room on certain floors. You’re supposed to follow them and when they walk into a wall you can go inside that wall also. Through that wall is a memory room where there are either props scattered through the room which you can investigate with the E button to find coins and important lore pages or an Archivist to fight which drops lore or items. The game never tells the player they can walk through the wall after the Archivists and go to a secret room to find all the non-boss specific lore that is ESSENTIAL for understanding the real story and that is a big screw up. I hope I just skipped over the instructions that tell the player about this.Challenges/Lore: Lore pages are really important not just because it’s the only way to find out the full story, which is awesome, in game, but it also gives the players challenges at the bottom of their pages that if completed can get new classes and items that the player will probably need to finish the game. So definitely complete the lore challenges.Class System: I’m probably really stupid but I did not figure out how the class-equip system worked until my 40th hour. Basically throughout the game you get new lessons you can learn in the afterlife by completing challenges, you take these classes with periods which are basically reusable aptitude points that you allocate between your desired classes. I didn’t understand that the periods were reusable so I just stuck with the first classes I spent them on for 40 hours when in fact I could have tried tons of new classes with those same periods during that time. But, now you know that if you don’t want to spend periods on a class anymore you can just click on that class and get your periods back to spend on whatever you want.Final Verdict: I’ve tried to give this game a fair review, but I definitely am biased because after 90+ hours I really do love this game a lot faults and all. I ignore all the problems this game has or have adapted to them at this point, but I can understand why they might put some people off especially the steep difficulty. This game isn’t for everyone. But, for patient gamers Our Darker Purpose has amazing boss fights, an intriguing dark story that unfolds organically through found lore, a striking and beautiful art style, and deep gameplay which allows players to play how they like.I will probably update this review in the future to fix mistakes and improve it."
76561198161593450,Recommended,262790,12781766,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,paladin610,"I learned about Our Darker Purpose from reading a Game Informer review (They gave it an 8.75) and  based on the cool looking stillshots they had of the game, I felt the need to try it out. The first thing I noticed about the game was the Atmosphere: The dark, gothic visuals juxtaposed with the  brooding, orchestral soudtrack and the cynical humor parceled throughout the game made for a wonderfully melancholy environment that I just loved. The soundtrack particularly stood out to me as I am an audio engineer and I really appreciate how the music absolutely nails the mood of the game. The second thing I noticed about Our Darker Purpose was how ungodly difficult it is. The gameplay is deceptively simple but tense and addictive. you mainly enter a room, run around throwing fire at enemies while dodging ememy attacks untill you clear the room, level up, pick up items, etc. The difficulty lies in the various enemies and their increasingly powerful attacks, the general scarcity of health, and the fact that when you die, the game is over. I know several people who started playing this game but gave up after a few hours because the game was too hard for them. I, on the other hand, just found this game too good to quit. The rooms, items, and abilities when you level up are all randomized which means that the game is different every time you play. After playing and dying more than a few times, you'll start to understand that good reflexes, pattern recognition, a considerable amount of luck, and sheer tenacity are needed to beat this game. Overall, I think Our Darker Purpose is amazing and I would recommend it to any gamer who can appreciate the gothic atmosphere, dark humor, and is not willing to back down from a real challenge."
,Recommended,262790,24549497,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Lady Soundwave,"Hard! But fun! It's a great game if you've got time to kill. If not, well, good luck in all the hours you're gunna put in this"
,Recommended,262790,31964982,Posted: 25 May,all,leonski goldberg,The game is great a dark and gritty school being explored by a creepy little girl dealing with monsters that relate to our fears of loneliness at school and fear of social scorn great game a solid 7/10
,Recommended,262790,18795266,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,stratkat,"Our Darker Purpose is a very addictive, fast paced, challenging game.  It keeps you on your toes, becoming reckless in just a few rooms can ruin a great run.  The challenges are a great added bonus difficulty to unlock perks that will help you ascend edgewood and defeat the schools hierarchy one floor at a time.  The chalk like aesthetics of the game are much more stylized than that cliche flash looking game of similar style.I'll be honest, even the lowly Brogs and Woundworts gave me trouble at first, but try after try I was easily making it to chapter 3 each time...which I'll admit I still haven't beaten the administrator.There are a few bad corners to get caught up on, sometimes you almost feel cheated, or waiting for a bad run to turn good never happens, but it's still fun.  Runs are long, but you can quit mid run and return where you left off if you only have time for quick sessions.   Hit boxes can be wonkey,  with the parallax view it's sometimes better to aim at the center of an enemy than at the base.  I'd use a 3rd part controller config until they add one to the game, the default native controls are garbage.Overall I'd pick it over BoI any day."
76561198099348385,Recommended,262790,14733175,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Fred The World Eater,"Wow, that update that fixed achievements and gave FULL 360 controller support. The BEST!!!"
76561198015206516,Recommended,262790,13686089,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Calvin,"It's okay, pretty decent attempt at a roguelike, bit slower gameplay,  other ones out there.Kid killed me with a globeOn my second run ran into a bed and a desk, and they were talking about how I was crushed by a globe.And then in the next room I got killed by a globe again.Pros-Alot of background story to each level, descriptive and actually informative.-Bosses and enemies are extremely unique-Bit of replayability, you end up dying alot and each run has potential to be different-Bosses have challenges which include defeating them in certain ways-Unique artstyle and music that fits inCons-none at this time, will add as I playIf your into rogue likes, such as binding of isaac definetly pick this up, it's different and fun."
,Recommended,262790,8992037,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,RoX,"I'd like to retract my prior harsh statements on ODP. I was compairing this to one of the greatest games ever made (BoI) and didn't really review ODP as its own game with its own challenges and characteristics. What also made a huge difference for me was the updates in the hit detection. Which also shows that the dev's are listening, updating and I commend them for that. Surprisingly, the updates also balanced the games difficulty more and the shots seem a little less cheap. You still get stuck on just everything but is what makes this more challenging. What ODP does have in common with Binding of Isaac is how it is played. In BoI, the game cannot be beaten in one run, which is where ODP shares a commonality. The only other 2 things in common between them is the game play and large selection of random powerups. I am still a little disappointed in the mini bosses. A little more effort in the character design would go a long way and makes a huge difference both in first impressions and the replayability but I'll look past that. ODP overall is a good game, sorry not $14.99, but on-sale good. I can now recommend this to any twin stick shooter fan. I also retract my UGH!/10 rating and effective immediately, am giving this a 8/10. * -1 Miniboss clones, - 1 Progression = - 2#-+--+---+-------+------+---+-Prior-Review-+---+------+-------+---+--+-#Welp, it took me a couple games to make up my mind whether or not I liked this one and now that the nostalgia of a possible Binding of Isaac replacement fix has worn off I can now honestly say in one massively huge sigh, No, I do not like this one bit. First of all, this game, in every aspect of it is unfair, every little task seems like a chore, and has absolutely no balance to the dificulty, of which is only one, impossible. Also seems like every shot you take is a cheap one. Hit detection is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor on computer sprites, on top of being thrown into rooms which are traps with no way out. You are thrown into option screens at the most inopportune times. ""Press Start to die"" is what the menu should say. There is no progression as the first world at times can be harder than the next 2. I'm not sure if this is attributed by th random world generations or poor coding but the room design is aweful ans is comprised of some objects that make no sense but you'll get stuck on everyone of them! This game is not even a good challenge where it feels as if you did a little better you might make it through but feels more like Peyton Manning did after the first play of the Super Bowl. Hopeless. I really question if the hardness factor is due to a lack of content. I mean, if you can't reach the end, it's not like we know if its a short game. Boss fights are long, drawn out, and repetative. Mini bosses aren't original, just common enemies recolored, which are also repetative. Its like repeting repitious repitition. Out of 10 I give it an UGH!But! It all makes sense now. We know I what their darker purpose is... its to rip those BOI fans of their $14.99. Don't fall for it."
,Recommended,262790,8904806,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Kobold Miners' Labor Union,"This game tries very hard to be Binding of Isaac. In some ways, it succeeds, but in others, it fails.Our Darker Purpose features a fairly dark storyline involving rogue children in a boarding school of sorts, with a faculty akin to The Addams Family. Gameplay is very reminiscent of Binding of Isaac, as are the controls. Instead of bombs, you have chalk, which you can use to create puffs of chalk dust that damage and stun enemies caught within. Items are gained from killing minibosses or found in rooms similar to Binding of Isaac, though the game is much less accomodating and even the item rooms are generally full of traps and environmental hazards waiting to kill you. You have a dodge roll available (on a 2ish second cooldown) that can be used to move quicker or get out of tight spots, and works well with. You get health potions in the form of juice boxes that can be stored and used when needed, and rather than crying to damage enemies, you use some sort of magic to throw fireballs (this isn't really explained, at least in the first two chapters, which is what I've seen of the game as of the time of this writing). Completing levels and achievements earns you a currency which can be spent on unlocking permanent bonuses (extra juice box slots, for instance), and there's a number of passive bonuses that can be toggled on or off (you have a limited number of slots to fill with these, so choosing a set that works for your playstyle is key). This allows for a feeling of progression even when you aren't actually winning. This is good.The game has more RPG and less arcade feel than Binding did - you have a character sheet of sorts with actual stats like crit chance, dodge chance, damage resistance and hit points, all visible to you at any time you care to look. Items increase or decrease these stats, and damage you deal or take is shown via floating numbers so there's much less guesswork than in Binding. Similarly, items tell you exactly what they do when you pick them up (or review them on your character sheet) so there's no need to try and figure out what that thing you just picked up does.The game offers some interesting flavor / lore text attached to items, and bosses all come with a few paragraphs of lore (which becomes viewable when they're defeated), and occasionally after clearing a room the furnature (!) will have little conversations with each other that you can get tidbits of story hints from; I can't comment on the quality of the storyline conclusion (nor would I in a review such as this, but that's beside the point) as, as mentioned earlier, I haven't finished the game as of yet, but it's got enough mysterious elements to keep me interested.The game isn't without flaws, though - the biggest of which, in my opinion, is the hitboxes. They're very illogical in some cases, and it becomes a matter of trying to memorize what each enemy's hitbox looks like so you can hit them reliably. It's difficult to explain this without illustrations, but some enemies have a hitbox covering their entire body, while some, the hitbox only covers their lower half, some have hitboxes that are wider or skinnier than the actual sprite, and the furnature / obstructions in the rooms have even stranger hitboxes - from some angles, shots will go through them, and from others, shots will 'hit' them without actually touching them. This is by and large the most frustrating thing about the game, to me. It also doesn't help that the characters are very tall and thin, for the most part, so it's significantly more difficult to dodge something from the left or right than it is from the top or bottom, as your hitbox is significantly larger on those sides.Some of the room layouts can seem pretty unfair, especially considering the hitbox problems noted above. A particular enemy may normally be no problem at all, but in certain rooms, because of the number of unkillable traps and obstruction placement, may result in losing 30+ hit points (out of the base 100) before being able to kill it. While this is, naturally, part of the game, the room layouts in Binding of Isaac never felt anywhere near this big of a factor.The art style is very similar to Don't Starve (this may be a good thing or a bad thing, depending on your personal preference), and this art direction certainly doesn't detract from the experience. The animations feel a little lacking, though - characters have a 'walk left' and 'walk right' animation, and an 'attack' animation, but not much else. Granted most games of this style use a similar system, but it feels much more noticeable here than in others due to the detail of the sprites.Overall, the game is quite fun. It doesn't feel as polished as Binding of Isaac did, but if you enjoyed Binding's gameplay, you'll likely enjoy this, too.The Good:- Flavor / Lore is well done and interesting- Dodge roll mechanic leaves you feeling more in control- Items are interesting and varied- Gameplay is fairly addictive- Has a definite 'Just One More Try' effect- Bosses are varied and interesting (and numerous)The Bad:- Hit boxes are a little funky.- Some room layouts feel unfair, even very early in the game- Animations feel too lackluster considering the detail of the spritesOverall Verdict:Good game, worth the $15."
76561197999650332,Recommended,262790,12869439,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Curor,"A solid roguelike, very much like The Binding of Isaac.  I like a few things about this game a bit better, but it could really use some controller support."
,Not Recommended,262790,25916766,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,vacri,"I'm struggling with it. The primary villain is darkness - it's yet another game that thinks that ""not being able to see anything"" is equivalent with ""moody and immersive"". There's other minor problems (eg: hitbox bigger than character) but mostly it's the darkness. The art is nice, so let me see it! Another problem is that so many of the upgrades are yawn-worthy 10% bonuses - coming from Binding of Isaac where every pickup alters your character in some way, a 10% bonus as a reward is pretty miserable.It's not terrible. There's some interesting ideas, but also some things that don't quite gel. For example, the art is bleak gothic boarding school, but the main character has an anime face. Enemies attack you with things you'd find in such a boarding school, but the main character attacks with some sort of mystical zappiness that spins around her waist (admittedly, I haven't got past chap 1 yet, so this may get explained later)I'd give it a thumbs up - it's a reasonable game - but that bloody darkness is just frustrating, and so far, hasn't added anything to gameplay nor immersion for me."
76561198011368292,Recommended,262790,8903538,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Vynik21,"I haven't spent a whole lot of time with it yet, but it seems from the get-go that calling it a Binding of Isaac clone would be doing it a pretty great disservice.It has great graphics, animations, and its imagination clearly shines through.  For anyone who liked Binding of Isaac but couldn't get past the presentation (gross out humor, etc.), this is worth your time.  It does some things better than BoI and some things worse, but it is certainly a quality game from what little I've played."
,Recommended,262790,8903325,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Kenuty,"A game with a Binding of isaac style gameplay with dark art and humor and also it's hard in fact maybe even harder due to angled shots, map having obstacles that will block your movement,  and your sight is limited to a range since it's almost in total darkness making you watch your rolls and navigation.You'll play as a school girl climbing a dark and dangerous randomized dungeon tower until you reach the top, killing crazy students and monsters alike on your way to unlock the doors. The path choices branches as you beat the levels and you will be able to pick the path that is right for you either it'll be hard or harder, along with randomized mobs, bosses and maps.. New items powerups passive ,useables, and a leveling system that'll give you 2 choice to pick from as you level up. pretty solid game.Watch out for the pot hoss Holy crap you'll know what i'am talking about.+The art is dark and morbid creepy but very cool+The game is hard (I like it)+The music is as creepy as the game+This game includes Lore!+powerups, passive skills, leveling system with choice on perks (usually 2),  randomized maps, bosses, and mobs = replayability supreme+Roguelike game, Death = permanent-No controller support-No voice acting for the texts- Can be fustrating if you suck at these sort of games expect plenty of death."
,Recommended,262790,9362313,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,CorruptedFall,"Absolutely worth your time.Challenging, but in a good way. It makes you have to learn what the enemies tells are and react to them.The art style is wonderful, and the lore is interesting as well as unique."
76561198004604156,Recommended,262790,9008009,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,XDamnationX,ok here is my review for the game our darker purposeit is a really good game and it is way harder compared to the binding of isaac.i would recommend it.short review waslos
76561197983777150,Recommended,262790,9470188,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Road Warrior,"Our Dark Purpose is in effect, a clone of Bindings of Isaac, I say this in a positive light as it has a lot to offer in its own right, but the similarities are too close to not state. As in bindings of Isaac, the game is a top down, survival Rogue-Lite game, with immense amounts of variety and randomness throughout, it features a mild horror element and is set within an orphan's home. (Or is it? dun dun) The game play is fun, though it will take a few tries to get used to and the boss fights are suitably epic, whilst I dont see the appeal lasting as long as Isaac, there is a nice progression system and I will enjoy the game immensely for the foreseeable future."
,Recommended,262790,16184140,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Baoht Z'uqqa-Mogg,"If you like binding of isaac, dark ambience, crazy psychotic story and lot of references, you must play this game! I am predicting at least 150 hours of playing."
76561198055103962,Recommended,262790,17385388,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,LyingConfection,"The focus on art and narrative is beautiful in this game. The similarity to Binding of Isaac is only mecahnics, and someone who plays BOI still has something to enjoy in Our Darker Purpose. Every level beat and every peice of lore uncovered makes you feel like a detective, pushing deeper into Edgewood's mystery. I would recommend this game to anyone who can fight the monsters of Edgewood and get to the bottom of the mystery. Don't forget to roll!"
,Recommended,262790,16764024,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Yavuz,"Pretty facking good game but ""The Disciplined King"" must be revised; way too op and the achievement is too hard for a boss like that. Anyway, buy this game if you like The Binding of Isaac."
,Recommended,262790,17937465,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Hex Of The Ritual,"This game is very fun, and yes, very much like The Binding of Isaac.If you liked that game, there is a good chance you will like this one.I prefer this art style, has a ton of conclusive lore.Pros:The items actually tell you EXACTLY what they do, which is a relief.All of the items are actually useful , they aren't all game winners but (except for a small few) you won't receive one that is complete s***.The art style is very appealing, the atmosphere of the game is great.  Music is great, but non of the monsters make sounds.The boss fights are unique.  One or two of them are lame as hell, but overall, very postive experience.The rogue-likeness keeps the game replayable.There are permanent unlocks that add extra health ups, ect.There are unlockable ""classes/lessons"" that you can choose before a run that do helpful things such as add higher dodge, higher crit chance, more frequent champion spawns (that drop good items).  As you progress further you can use more and more.Many more item unlocks that makes the game feel like its progressing.I'm not going to lie, you have to play through the game multiple times and unlock achievements to unlock better items/classes, but in return it makes the game easier.Cons:The difficulty sometimes feels unfair, especially some of the achievements attached to them, such as gain a 10 win-streak.  This game does require some degree of luck.  While there aren't items that are bad, not all of them are game winners, and you can easily end up with a weak character.  The game also takes a SOLID hour+ to complete without totally rushing.  Some of the end game achievements just seem like a cheap way to add to extremely frustrating replayablity.Some of the hit boxes on the enemies are questionable.Moving around can sometimes be clunky, you can get snagged on random objects that you shouldn't, which can lead to tons of unnecessary damage.This game seems to make itself harder by using really annoying mechanics, such as having monsters constantly teleport everywhere, putting you in undodgeable rooms,  creating a totally cheap bullet-hell environment, and making the rooms so poorly lit that you can't see what the **** is coming at you, ect.The difficulty can become more along the lines of do you have really powerful items versus gaming skills.  You could be ****ing boss at this game, but without good items you're gonna get ****ed in the face.Hard mode literally just adds harder to kill enemies earlier on, and gives bosses extra bullets to spew in their already cheap bullet-hell, therfore making it more about finding killer items earlier on versus player skill.Overall, I really ****ing like this game, but as a player who likes to 100% the achievements this game is incredibly unfair with it's criteria."
76561197981763009,Recommended,262790,18846443,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Klish,"A great rogue-like done in the form of a dark, Tim Burton-esque adventure through a cursed boarding school. This game has all the challenge and ambience one could hope for from such a combination. Also, that soundtrack! Amazing."
,Recommended,262790,17232639,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Ninja,"Not a real review, but I do recommend this game if you're a fan of Binding of Isaac. The roll mechanic makes this game feel different since dodging is real."
,Recommended,262790,24134021,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SquarelyCircle,"Better designed than Binding of Isaac, in my opinion, with more child-friendly creepiness.  While BoI has deep (and mocking) religious undertones, uncomfortable flesh and bodily function creepiness, and other such strange design choices, Our Darker Purpose feels more like Tim Burton - just slightly dark and creepy and spooky.Even though it has problems, like the controller support being half-hearted (but functional), the game is a fun rogue-like-lite."
76561198165442724,Recommended,262790,14892989,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Andrew,"This is by no means a bad game.That being said, I found it to be far more difficult than Binding Of Issac. ( And Issac is hard )Nice art style.       Overall B-"
76561198044609295,Not Recommended,262790,9626106,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,CastIronBoomstick,"Playing this game, I had to check several times to make sure it wasn't an early access; the game feels horribly unfinished, and uncreative. It is, at its heart, a Binding Of Isaac clone, set in a haunted/♥♥♥♥♥♥/abusive orphanage/boarding-school. The issues with this game are not in its concept, but in its execution. Binding Of Isaac works because of randomly generated but stable room plans, simple yet challenging monsters, and hundreds of wacky but serviceable powerups, all of which build on eachother to make a game that takes seconds to learn, and weeks to master. ODP falls flat on each and every one of those points. The room plans are disorganized and random, with hazards and set dressing not clearly divided, and the rooms themselves often being far too large to suit the gameplay. The enemies have very little variation, and only offer challenge in situations where you get boxed in and have no other choice than to take damage to escape. The powerups, what should be the most interesting and creative aspect of a rogue-lite game, are bafflingly bland and do little other than provide paltry bonuses which hardly ever change how you pay the game, compared to better games of the same type where a single item can change playstyle completely, or at least open up new options. To top it all off, the gameplay is functional, but features many features it flat out does not need, from chalk-dust clouds that are objectivly useless, to treasure chests and items requiring manual interaction (why would I not want to just pick it up? Why can I only interact with treasure chests from one side?). To make matters worse, though the game is obviously sprite based, it tries to emulate an isometric layering effect, which only produces annoying hit detection issues, especially on bosses. I could honestly go on about everything the devs did wrong in this game, and how the lore and art style have a ton of great potential, but I think anyone who wont listen to me  already owns this game, anyone who's curious will no longer be interested in buying it, and anyone who thinks this game looks like crap will just end up saving money."
,Recommended,262790,8922082,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Roguelike  game.Interface/Menu/SettingsYou can play in fullscreen mode or windowed mode.You are able to play the game with a controller. But not recommended.You can change the controls on the keyboard.There is a master volume slidebar available. It changes by 10% each time.There is a music volume slidebar available. it changes by 10% each time.There is a sound volume slidebar available. it changes by 10% each time.You are able to delete your save file.About the game.If you know the game ""Binding of Isaac"", Then you will know the basics about the gameplay in this game too. You have to walk in each room, killing all the enemies and move onto the next room. Killing enemies will give you experience, which will you need to level up. Once you are level up, You can choose between 1 of the 2 books to get the permanent effect. The books are always random whenever you level up. Whenever you have reached the boss room. You will have to kill the boss in order to move to a higher floor. Each boss has their own challenge. Like the dragon boss ""Kill him without taking any damage"". You can choose your own floor direction and some even has their own effect. This could be positive but also negative for you, so read the last lines of the current floor to know what the floor is about. Sometimes you might encounter mini-bosses they usually drop items.Great soundtrack.Good atmosphere.Able to unlock lores and perks.Able to get experience and level up.Each boss has their own kind of a challenge.Has item list.Alot of fun.Difficult.You have a map in the middle of the screen and you are able to toggle this off with TAB. Map will not show you the boss location/shop location or any other things. Only the paths.Other things.Darker version than binding of isaac.Sometimes the hitbox are a bit off.Sometimes the desks are talking, This could provide information.-------------------I Give this game a 8/10"
,Recommended,262790,9813323,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Lucasness,"Our Darker Purpose is an outstanding ""rogue-lite"" action RPG. The influence from The Binding Of Isaac is obvious, however the game is vastly different. The mechanics are amazing, and give the game its own, distinct feel. In particular, the class and level up system are amazing methods of tackling character customisation. The graphics and music are a delight to behold, and assist in the immersion of the game. The game is challenging, and I would say more so than The Binding Of Isaac. However, it has kept me coming back for more attempts despite this. Having just cleared the final chapter, I am currently hunting a couple more achievements before moving on to hardmode (another wonderful addition which in a sense makes the game 1.5 times longer.)The lore is another difference from The Binding Of Isaac. It gives an additional layer of mystery and story to this already wonderful game, and it will make you curious about what exactly the game is about.Definitely give it a try!"
,Recommended,262790,20270173,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SiCkPuPPy <3 Clutchin,"For those who are done with binding of isaac and what something similar, this is for you.10/10 Emily the strange approved"
,Not Recommended,262790,9291250,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,bladechild,"ODP is essentially an awkward and finicky Binding of Isaac, for want of comparison. That comparison might seem an injustice to people who claim to like the additions this game adds, but really, it's hard to see where else they gathered influence to make the game.And it's the minute change of style that makes ODP fail. The game lacks any sense of reward/feeling of progression to your character in your present playthrough. Not unlike Isaac, you gain items and passive abilities to 'improve' your character. Thing is, 90% of those items are arbitrary. 10% added to X abilitiy and Y ability don't mean a damn. And what further makes the system so unrewarding is that they are few and far between. Yes, even the bosses do not drop items. To me this goes against everything that the game is trying to be. The idea for a roguelike is to strain to overcome a point in the game giving you trouble, and rewarding you. After defeating a pretty ridiculous early boss that fires in bullet-hell style with my character of several useless abilities, it felt so sigh worthy to know that fight meant sweet fa to me in the grand course of things.The game's difficulty (and I'm not averse to difficulty) is pretty unbalanced too, especially when you take the previous point. It's worth noting that only 2 or 3 levels in and you will face levels that will make I Wanna be the Guy players wince. Problem is, you have little room for error ( unlike the IWBTG games ) and little to work with, because the game just doesn't help you along the way. Worth pointing out is the movement mechanic; it's incredibly slow and gives you a 'roll' button which is so finicky to control with WASD. Collision detection is also mediocre.If you though Isaac got difficult toward the end, this game is definitely not for you.Now, I can hear people defending these points, but those people are happy to ignore technical aesthetic and just play the game with the inordinate challenge in mind. Also, the game has a great story element, humorous and dark, and a great musical score.Yet, I really can't recommend this game to even Isaac fans."
,Recommended,262790,14358426,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,imwaytopunny,:D
,Not Recommended,262790,8948446,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Custom Phase,"So, i bought this game, and i must say - it isnt worth it. At least at its current state (and its not alpha, so i dont think its getting a lot better later).First complain - there is not much things to do. Lets compare it to something like Binding Of Isaac. On each floor it has secret rooms, item room, shop, consumables are constantly dropping like pills, tarot cards, chests, there is a meta-games with keys and bombs involved and its not even full list of stuff you can find in isaac. But in here, there is barely anything going on, except klling enemies over and over again. Yeah there is a vending machine on each level, but you rarely get enough money to buy stuff, and there is not that much stuff you can buy, in first place. And yeah there is a level up mechanics, but again, it happens rarely.Second complain - too much freaking invincible enemies. I guess its developers trying to solve the problem of there not being much to do. So you are constantly feeling at least something. And the thing i felt was anger. In every goddamn room, not one, but several enemies you cant do anything about.Third complain - scarcity of items. At least in my experince i was getting like 5-7 same items every time i played the game. Are there even more items exist? And also, you get items rarely.So in the end, this game sure has its positives, but all the negatives mentioned above are killing any fun you could have had.If youre a fan of Binding Of Isaac, dont buy this game - you'll be disappointed."
76561198009662092,Not Recommended,262790,8990388,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Jimby,"Lots of variety, but its lacking around all the edges..  Binding of Isaac had flair in it's motions, this game feels like a stiff game-maker title.  No controller support, or achievements, either, so there's not a lot of goodwill to give based on polish.  In general the text is super scrunchy, as well.  I would recommend this title to genre enthusiasts only, and then only if you're forgiving."
,Recommended,262790,10821951,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Wilkieador,"I've only just started playing this game, and i must say i'm rather impressed, at first i found the game akin to The Binding of Isaac, with it's top down veiw, similar movement and attacking controls, and items that boost your stats. that being said it has one thing that sets it apart from it's counterpart, the fact that it is trying and succeeding to a point, at being more focused on the macabre, the dark corridors, the clunky but managable controls all bring about a very solid and cohesive gaming experience. while not exactly horror, to say it didn't scare me would be true, but it falls into a similar catagory of being a game of melancholy. it's an game worth picking up, that's for certain."
,Recommended,262790,8910974,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Free-range Jimmy a.k.a. BIG PAPI,"it's like the Binding of Isaac but with levels and stats, skill progression, slower pacing, and the ability to roll being central to gameplayit's a bit rough around the edges as hitboxes and some enemy abilities need work, but if you enjoyed BoI chances are you'll have a lot of fun with this visual pleasure too"
76561197994056558,Recommended,262790,13581713,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,M M,"If you can look past the obvious Binding of Isaac similarities you'll see an interesting game with a significantly more developed story and world, along with a slight RPG-esque progression system. Unfortunately there's no way to get detailed information about your use-item in game which sucks, everything else is fairly solid.Sometimes the game freezes for 5-15 seconds which is kind of weird and annoying sometimes but that might just be my PC."
,Recommended,262790,9227761,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Humbabella,"Good number of different choices to make that are neither too obvious nor too daunting.  I almost got scared off by the claim of high difficulty, but it's just a game that takes some practice, it never feels unfair.  If the art style appeals, the story probably will as well."
,Recommended,262790,8956726,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,expert on that topic,The game is awesome and Cordy is cute.
76561198022820771,Recommended,262790,11357007,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FL8ZyNK4nMsOur Darker Purpose is a Rogue-lite game done with a strong bite in its difficulty. It holds its theme well as its art style and atmosphere fit all together as the levels ups and items are well placed and balanced. Its not a game for people new to Rogue-lites as it will chew you up and spit you out, why spit you out because your not good enough to be in its belly. For more reviews be sure to check out the channel herehttp://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
76561198043546005,Not Recommended,262790,9583547,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,ecrawford23,"I jsut want a refund or credit, Because i can't even get it to wokr after 5 days and followling all the ""Game does not start"" directions."
76561198099803479,Recommended,262790,11502078,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,theboshart,"Good binding of issac type game. Roll mechanic adds a new layer to the core gameplay. Massive replayability. Game is fairly difficult. Overall, worth a purchase."
76561198090865422,Recommended,262790,9667464,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,ScissorPaperRock,an amazing and addicting game i would reccomend it
76561198064225396,Recommended,262790,8918193,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Morevonnia,"If you enjoy games like 'The Binding of Isaac' go ahead and buy this game. You will probably enjoy it as well.Though it sure was inspired by BoI it has many game mechanics making it unique and setting it apart :- an exp- and level-up system giving you the choice between 2 random improvements each level-up- a way to improve you char outside of your runs- boss fights with extra challenges that grant additional rewards once you complete them- a unique art-style- a grading of each level upon completion, giving you an idea how well you did- Statistics that allow to easily use this game for streak-challenges or racingI just started playing and I already want more. Not because there is a lack of content...but because the existing content is so well crafted that I want more of it."
76561198023164840,Recommended,262790,8905852,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,major tom,"If you like The Binding of Isaac, you will almost certainly like this. It's different enough to stand on it's own, but heavily influenced, bordering on derivitive of TBoI. Has the feature of allowing you to gain perks to help with future runs, which I definitely like. Good roguelike fun!"
,Recommended,262790,14738862,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Keavon,"I love the visuals, story, and how you can move around the level more with varrying room sizes compared to The Binding of Isaac. It's also less of a bullet hell which is nice. Think of both in the same genre rather than thinking of this as a clone. They are both great games."
,Not Recommended,262790,20616500,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,FreightTrained,"Basically left a bad taste in my mouth and the impression that it was meant to take a lot away from The Binding of Isaac in the form of gameplay. I don't know if it's the art style or how the game actually seems to handle that puts me off. It just feels like it isn't as polished as what it should be. This being said I was originally really excited for this game as it was coming out as I love rougelikes. I enjoyed it a little at first ,however, I think even the flash version of Isaac feels more polished than this game."
76561198121464608,Recommended,262790,15048903,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Mewtwo_soul,"Our Darker Purpose is a great tribute to classic (older) and modern  rogue-like games. True, it does share similarities to many familiar ones (Binding of Isaac is a frequently over used comparison by example), however, it is quite a bit different in quite a few ways.This game has a harsh learning curve, you will die, you will be punished for mistakes, you will in general get stomped in some runs when you wished you hadn't. In return though, your experience in learning the patterns of the enemies, unlocking challenges, items, courses, and more will help with your progression through this amazing, yet harsh game.The soundtrack is a mixed bag, many of the themes are quite memorable in my opinion, including but not limited too:  Welcome to Edgewood (level 1 theme) to Madness theme a later stage boss's theme. Catchy, dark (sinister), and very suting for your romp through Edgewood's dark halls.The level up system you gain from killing enemies by obtaining EXP, are actually quite useful most of the time which some powers can easily make or break a run, depending on the RNG of which traits you manage to obtain in a run. For example one level up trait allows you to gain +1 damage for each Edgewood coin you pick up. Which doesn't sound that good until you start picking up large quantities of coins and watch your default 60-80 damage hitting for upwards of 150-300 damage in later stages if you manage to find a fortune of coins.The course system which are perma-traits you can unlock and choose which to use can also be quite helpful, whether it be giving you a few additional starting Juice Boxes (which help restore HP when you are damaged by enemies or the misc. traps within Edgewood) to giving your critical hit a boost, to even expanding each individual room by 3 rooms.  Sure, you are forced to pick and choose which one you will start with, but most of them feel quite useful.The enemies and bosses within the game are well varied,  and as you progress main enemies get improved in their damage dealing capabilities, and how much they themselves can endure which is also true for the bosses.  Sure, for a few floors you may face similar generic enemies, but they do switch up as you progress. Like I made mention of the learning curve, of how you approach each floor, the traits of each floor (which also givs variety to each independent floor) makes this a very harsh but rewarding game.In comparison to similar games (Binding of Isaac): Yes, they are both rogue-like games, that have you progressing through levels, killing bosses, and obtaining a random assortment of items with varying effects, that's about where the comparison ends however:Where Binding of Isaac is only moderately (at best) difficult, Our Darker Purpose is quite a learning experience in both success and failure.  Where Binding of Isaac most runs are easily feasible as long as you don't get certain items, Our Darker Purpose requires you to be wise to your own playstyle, and make wise decisions if you wish to progress far.Where Binding of Isaac main mechanics revolve around the items, in Our Darker Purpose, the items, level up traits, Course abilities, and even level traits will majorly effect how the game plays out.But in the long run, if you can handle facing a challenge or don't mind a learning curve, this game is certainly a worthy purchase, and now and then it still gets updated with tweaks (new level traits/items/etc.)...To finish, this game is great, and I easily recommend it."
,Recommended,262790,10757291,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,southoftheborder,"If you enjoy a darker anda more sinister binding of Isaac, I really think this is the game for you. The RPG elements on this game is quite intriguing as they all use different types of text book stuff from yoru usla rpg games.I highly suggest fans of Don't Starve to pick this one up, as one can feel such nostalgia coming from such a game. Will easily be a 20+ hours for me or even more."
76561198156390230,Not Recommended,262790,14780954,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,InsurgentInsomniac,"gameplays is good, story is great, but there's no goddamn save button/ if you were hoping to finish this ridiculously long game sucessfully. i'm afraid your out of luck."
76561198066805209,Recommended,262790,14804382,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Alec,This game is awesome. It is basically a creepier harder version of Binding of Isaac. The lore is also very interesting and may give you nightmares. Hurray for Our Darker Purpose!
,Recommended,262790,15789565,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Fa11ou7,If you can get this game on sale and you enjoy roguelikes then go ahead and pick it up for a few hours of fun. It plays differently than any other roguelike so don't go in expecting it to be Binding of Isaac other than room exploration. One of the real nice features is a store like aspect that lets you unlock upgrades and tweeks to how the game plays using currency use earn in each playthrough.+Cute animations+More story that I was expecting and more than most roguelikes+Nice purchasable aspect that sets it apart-not quite as polished as other games-no 'save' system that lets you pick up where you left off if you have to leave-can be a little cryptic (but what game isn't these days)
76561198050301254,Recommended,262790,33910295,Posted: 30 July,all,Cirno,"Our Darker Purpose is definitely very similar to The Binding of Issac, but with a very different artistic approach. Personally, I very much enjoyed the art, music, and story the game had to offer. The gameplay I would say was not quite as fluid and well developed as TBoI, but I was willing to sacrifice that portion of the experience for a greater focus on narrative and storytelling. TBoI, for all its successes, was hardly known for a well developed story.My biggest complaint with Our Darker Purpose was the ending. Now, I have not completed the game on hard mode yet, and so there may be a different ending there. I will update this review when I discover if that is the case. That said, it may seem odd that I praised the greater focus on storytelling but then criticized the ending. This is because all throughout the game, the subtle hints as to what was really going on from every aspect of the game, from items to quest descriptions to literal sacks of potatos, was building up to what should have been a fantastic reveal that left the user stunned. What was actually at the end seemed barely related to anything that had been hinted at previously.It's fine if a game doesn't answer every question with its ending, in fact, I don't think it should. It's fine if a game opens up more questions with the ending, in fact, I think it should. However, ODP's ending didn't answer any questions and opened up way too many. It felt as though it did not deserve its place as an ending, and should instead have been just another chapter before the true ending is revealed. I think what ODP needs is some extra content, whether in a paid DLC or just a free update, that actually gives some sense of closure to the story. Again, it doesn't need to answer every question, but I feel that at least some question should be answered.With all of this in mind, I would still recommend the game. It won't change your life forever, but I think it is still pretty good. If the devs give it a little more time, make a couple small additions, I think it has the potential to be fantastic."
76561198127059779,Recommended,262790,9589638,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,tkdboy12,"I wanted to try something new with this game. Coming for games such as Call of Duty, I felt like those kinds of games lead you on a linear path and you win, there you go. With this game, you die. And die. And die. But in return you learn more about everything: enemy attack patterns, boss attack patterns, and your own character mechanics. It's that feeling of finally suceeding after dying so many times that keeps me playing this game. That feeling of achievement. With randomly generated items, you have the choice of obtaining really powerful items and skill loadouts (adds two additional shots...max crit chance...etc) and there is also the chance of getting items not quite as powerful, but it's how you utilize those items. Moreover it comes down to one's own skill. The true Purpose of this game is to test you and your conviction. Once you win, you'll understand what I'm saying. Great game :)"
76561198048784817,Recommended,262790,9653552,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,wizardpower,"The Game itself is very enjoyable. However, the game can be very hard to play during your first plays with the lack of upgrades."
,Recommended,262790,26192533,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Broody_Marie,Basically Binding of Issac with a gothic theme. Beautiful game with an interesting backstory.
,Recommended,262790,16423399,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Cʏʙᴇʀ Cʀᴜsᴀᴅᴇʀ,I literally bought this game because the girl is cute.
,Not Recommended,262790,13078382,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Braxt,"I wouldn't recommend this in its current state. The graphics and music are good, but the controls and gameplay feel too clunky. Hopefully they patch the control physics, and add gamepad support,"
,Recommended,262790,9002382,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Spooky Puff Jr.,"If you ever played Binding of Isaac and thought to yourself, ""I like playing this game, but it doesn't feel like I bought it from Hot Topic,"" then this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,262790,8956517,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,QuacK,"It's an ehhhh game.Story is superb and defining, but I shouldn't have to tell myself I play it for just that.It would be like refurbishing my old 80's PC and playing a text-based RPG game.Story is there, but otherwise it is a misdemeanor of gaming history.A few of the exact same desks or boxes randomly scattered in the dungeons, and call it a ""randomly generated"" adventure game.Great story content, but repetitive gameplay, direction-locked attacking, repetition in layout, counter-intuitive level design, and a shoddy game engine, all kill this game.It's a struggle to keep even a moderate FPS without near crashing at times, or experiencing HEAVY lag in sound, as well as some poorly mapped hit-boxes for the player's character model, not following how the enemymodel hit boxe mechanics act.If you want a game for bullet-hell, go play a professionally made title such as Touhou.Don't purchase this indie-game disgrace, it is a flat-out waste of money, in my honest opinion.Somewhat of a good idea, but terrible execution botched this one for me.3/10"
76561197988281857,Recommended,262790,8924293,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,sillversparks,"An excellent challenge, difficult in all the right ways.Anyone looking for a change of pace from Binding of Isaac or whatever your latest roguelike is should absolutely check this game out. Thoughtful, well-balanced controls combined with well designed encounters leaves you with a game that rewards you for your increasing skill at surviving, while setting the bar higher notch by notch across four robust chapters.When they say brutal difficulty, they are not joking. Straight into the first chapter or even the first floor you will find yourself barely scraping by your first few runs, but though it may be unforgiving, it is also fair. The difficulty curve is smooth, and every monster has a clearly obvious attack pattern, every bullet is easy to track. Nothing you come up against will surprise you, but that doesn't lessen the challenge. If anything, it adds to the enjoyment. It's very satisfying to come out the other side of a difficult boss battle unscathed knowing that it was purely your skill and experience that got you through it.Character customization is fairly robust in the form of 'lessons,' powers you unlock over time and can then mix and match at the start of the game. Through this system you could, say, shoot while rolling. Or, alternatively, shoot further while standing still. It's a nice way to complement your individual playstyles. In addition, you can level up through your run and choose from a pair of random perks to further enhance or alter your play.Combine that with 80 items and you've got plenty of variety run to run to enjoy. Certain items even offer challenges of their own to activate, and the most powerful can break after you take damage, further incentivizing smarter and better play.It's not without it's certain annoyances, however, and the worst offender is probably the room terrain. Objects can be 'sticky' or in fact be angular when they do not appear to be so. Seems minor until you realize your dodge was halted by an unseen prong sticking out from a desk, or a bouncing projectile suddenly taking a hard 60 degree turn off the door frame. You can learn to adjust to this, but it's counterintuitive and could have been better executed.Those small issues aren't be nearly enough to throw me off what is a great game. One of the few roguelikes I constantly walk away from with a sense of satisfaction, as I and the game both know I did better this time than the last.Highly recommended.Be sure to check out my video review for a partial run and some gameplay footage along with me saying juice box wrong a MILLION times:http://youtu.be/jkoYjCtAkOQ"
76561198106490577,Recommended,262790,8912424,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Yurnero01,A fun must try game!
,Recommended,262790,8975953,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,MrJBeetle,"If you love Binding of Isaac, you'll very much enjoy this game. It has slightly more of a story and has exp points that allow you to pick between two random upgrades per level up. Add in the item system similar to BoI and you've got yourself a very enjoyable game. The fact that the main character is slow but can roll to dodge attacks brings in something new to the action roguelike genre. To be honest, I still think BoI is the superior title because of the synergy between items and combos and challenges, but this is still worth the price that I paid for it ($10 as of this post). I'm still enjoying it 22 hours later. Definitely recommended, and I hope more ""BoI clones"" are made."
,Recommended,262790,8930316,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Topagae,"Clunky controls, obviously not-smooth implementation. Constantly re-used assets. This needs more polish."
,Recommended,262790,8909210,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,redwizard000,This is a great game for people who thought that Binding of Isaac was too easy...
,Recommended,262790,8905614,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Splendid Naked Officer,"Like Binding of Issac, but with a touch of Rogue Legacy's between-playthrough persistence - you can unlock upgrades and take a certain number of them into the level with you.  Allows a bit of tweaking of your playstyle/etc.  I love the aesthetic, and gameplay is a lot more fun (IMO) than Binding of Isaac, as you're drastically more mobile.Highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,262790,20564692,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,roman2,"Very bad Binding of Isaac clone. Movement feels way to slow, combat is just tedious, and controllersupport is horrible. Just keep playing Binding of Isaac."
76561198213186949,Recommended,262790,20920364,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Starfish,it's pretty good.
,Not Recommended,262790,14941567,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Thirteen Is The Forever Number,"Tim Burton would be mildly impressed with this game...I am not impressed, at all."
,Recommended,262790,23808551,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,itsBinq,"Imagine The Binding of Isaac, but a LOT harder and centered around school..."
76561198025317302,Not Recommended,262790,22511825,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,dude8462,"I loved binding of isaac and wanted to try out some similiar games. I chose ODP because it was on sale.It has it's own feel and lore to the game, but I can't help but compare it to binding of issac. The enemies feel so much slower, which leads to boring gameplay with enemies just being bullet sponges.The items are SO much more creative in Isaac. You can infinitly mix in match them, with a garenteed new item every level. The items in this game seem dull, most of them seem to be only boring stat increases.The game is average, not bad at all. But for the price you could get bindings of issac and I don't see why you wouldnt."
76561198040035325,Recommended,262790,9664077,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,zacell,"if you like binding of isaac buy it, you will love it."
76561198120540428,Recommended,262790,33525528,Posted: 13 July,all,Spreelly,i like it
76561198119407156,Recommended,262790,32866898,Posted: 27 June,all,Hobieale,i love it
,Recommended,262790,16270271,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Rammsteniako,Like Binding of Isaac but harder I feel :) gets kinda boring fast :D 7/10
,Recommended,262790,33335454,Posted: 7 July,all,malaisling,"A reimagining of The Binding of Isaac in the theme of Tim Burton, with a significantly stronger dose of macabre mixed in.While the art is good, the way the game is presented and designed makes it feel very much like a game filled with assets instead of a world filled with characters. The decent music helping the theme but not being particularly mentionable. In the same vein, the main characters means of attacking is rather unusual and illogical looking and thus also breaks theme. The game lacking some general quality features such as thorough animations. In general the game looks very low-end indie-project like which may be discouraging at first.The game makes up for its lack of visual presentation with utterly gorgeous and fantastic writing which fills the game and all its assets with all kinds of interesting and creative histories. While at times the lore sounds like a soft gothic cartoon for children, it genuinely manages to present some unique and artistic ideas and backstories. The consistent thematic presence of the Administators, whose written commentary is used to describe most objects and interface aspects of the game, also greatly building onto the world. By far, one of the most if not the most well written and consistent world design out there in fiction.In terms of gameplay; the players shots are highly influenced by their current momentum, which seems intolerable at first but it only takes a few hours to become accustomed to. Along with this comes familiarity with the players agility. Because the players damage registry hitbox is so small, their roll is so fast and they can change direction while rolling; avoiding the various projectiles the game throws can be quite exciting. Due to the players overall agility, if proper dexterity is applied it is possible to perform some pretty satisfying evasions and weaves through incoming projectiles. Although there are still times when there are simply too many to accommodate for.The challenges the game presents are at times, obtuse and overbearing to face, but it manages to be fair much of the time. Although some of the bosses and rooms can be bullet storms, and sometimes the player is spawned into a room too close to enemies. The progression system of the game itself is solid with players unlocking a choice of new passive effects each time they level up in that current playthrough. There being a decent abundance of items to pick up; most of which are not only useful, but their function is actually described. The game also includes an unlock system using points accrued from various acts and activities, which can be used to purchased permanent base upgrades for the player and unlock equippable effects which can be customized. In all being very satisfying to work with.There is a very, very strong amount of randomization to the game. There are at least five factions of enemy types and around five different floor biomes, each with a large amount of premade randomized rooms. There is also a decent array of bosses to be encountered in each floor biome, and the game does a very good job of making each boss unique both visually and functionally. Between the chosen benefits the player picks from each time they level up in their current playthrough, and the effects of the items they pick up, and the effects of the passive benefits they chose for their character as a whole; there is a lot of customization and variance to the builds that can be created.Another element of the game that is quite strong is the individuality of each aspect. In a lot of Rogue-likes, everything is fodder. Items are just more power, enemies are just little threats, and bosses are just big threats. However in this game every enemy is designed to be completely unique from every other enemy. The same goes for almost every single boss, each boss functions in a completely different way. Just like the items, passive equippable perks, and level up perks; almost everything in the game is significant and unique in some way. Which is a degree of honed quality that nearly all Rogue-likes never manage to reach.The most significant problem the game has other then its sometimes overbearing difficulty and poor visual arrangement, is that the earlier stages of the game are quite brutal. Simply because, initially, the player does not have as large a pool of items to find, passive benefits to equip, and passive boosts unlocked from giving currency to the scarecrow councellor. It being very hard to make progress during the first couple runs because the player just does not have enough resources to make it very far without performing extremely well; which is even less likely since they just started playing. And so, the first few hours of the game can feel very much unbalanced away from the players survival; but this does change very much so after time is invested.The game is quite amazing between the writing, varied and deep progression system and large amount of passive customization. Well worth the price. Although it does not look as good as some iconic Rogue-likes, the gameplay completely measures up. With genius writing besides."
76561198020144608,Recommended,262790,21598668,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
76561198029486663,Recommended,262790,9784037,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,heisenberg_blue,"If you like Binding of Isaac then this game will be right up your alley, if you know what I mean (I don't know what I mean, just get this game)."
76561197980697732,Recommended,262790,9730625,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Arkus,"I'm not good with this kind of games, but this one is very challenging also the way of lvling and gameplay is a real deal. I would say that this game is Challenging, Entertaining, Adictive and fun. Good job."
,Recommended,262790,10225126,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Jade greensunGnostic,"Imagine if you got Tim Burton to write the premise of a Binding of Isaac-type game, and then had dearly departed illustrator Edward Gorey do the visuals. Then imagine it was fiendishly difficult, cleverly based on King Lear, and had rooms that weren't locked into one shape and size like in BoI. Pretty cool, right?"
,Not Recommended,262790,8971411,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,FreakinGamererrrr,"DAMN! I really wanted this game to work!For those of you who care, OUR DARKER PURPOSE didn't even start for me. I am running Windows 7 on a decent rig and all I get is windowed black screen with nothing, nada, zip going on. Not even a busy cursor. Just loads that and stops. I have tried every damn thing like Run as Administrator and changed the compatiblity mode and started it straight from the executable, installed and reinstalled a few times, updated my drivers, closed and reopened Steam, restarted my computer after installs, waited for 10 minutes for the game to start, just all of it. Didn't work. So if your interested in it, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. Read the forums first a little esp. the PINNED technical issues post at top and good luck!If they patch this to run on more PCs, I will be updating my review when I can finally play it. :P"
,Not Recommended,262790,13463819,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Luminous,"Oh jesus. Oh man. I so wanted to like this game. But wow its so boring. Not really bad, just really really boring.Now, I've played many Isaac-esque games and I've loved most, one or two even taking my favor over isaac. And not once did I feel the need to compare the two. But in this case? The entire time I played it (which if you look really isnt long) I just kept thinking 'This is isaac this is isaac' until I realized 'No, of course its not, Isaac was actually fun.'Lets start with the positives. The music is gorgeous, I adore the soundtrack to this and hoestly, despite not liking the game I would buy the soundtrack. The art style is great, for what setting they were going for it works, almost like a more detailed 'Dont Starve' look to it. They also have a dodge roll type feature which I like the idea of, but it also has its downsides. But thats really all I can give it.I found this game just didn't feel right, it lacked the polish. First off, the controls, your forced to used the keyboard only, so WASD for movement, arrows for shooting. And right away that put me off, I didn't like those controls in isaac (Used mouse in the first and controller in rebirth) and I certainly don't like them here. They feel really tight, and not in the good way, you feel so restricted to having both hands in a set place on your keyboard and the fluid motions of moving and using the mouse for shooting cant be replicated through a keyboard. Also but having to use the keyboard, you are forced to snake your fingers around trying to use your active item, chalk or rolling. Yeah remember I said about rolling having its downsides? Being forced to use the keyboard it limits how effective the rolling can really be when your also trying to shoot at the time time almost making the rolling redundant.The animations are lazy. I can't really say it any other way than that. Especially on the main character (Cordy) where you would expect to see the most. Her movements look clunky (all 3 frames of it (not including the rolling)) and most enemies just seem to rock side to side.One thing I find amusing is the store page for this game 'Key Features: Fast-Paced'. Let me tell you, it most certainly is not. The combat is so incredibly tedious and slow its insane. Even the weakest of the enemies take more than a necessary amount of hits. I've seen people say that this adds a level of depth and strategy to the game. I say it adds too much monotony and repepativeness to the game.While were talking about combat, you know with isaac how shooting things feels so satisfying? You feel the thud, you hear the collision? You don't get that with this. Due to everything taking so long to die it became quick to realize that its not satisfying to shoot things, the sound effects are incredibly bad and really get on your nerves really fast plus things just seem to waltz through your shots like nothing.I also saw someones review saying 'Where The Binding of Isaac is a fast-paced, almost bullet-hell game', which yes isaac is much more fast-pace, but the 'bullet-hell' thing also applys to this game, more so than isaac in my opinion. While not directly bullets the begining floors at least had A LOT of electrifying obsticals making it very difficult to maneuver while in combat and not getting hit. Not to mention the second boss I faced (some cauldron thing) which quite literally a bullet hell boss, an insanely tanky one at that.So while no its not a bad game per-sey, its incredibly boring and slow and while you play it, like it or not your thinking 'Isaac did this better'. With that I genuinely cannot recommend this game when other games like Isaac, Hero Seige, Risk Of Rain etc exist."
,Recommended,262790,8969354,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Count Cuckula,It's like a grim version of the Binding of Isaac but it's a hell of a lot harder and getting hit is a lot more riskier. But there's a roll move(let's you dodge) and the rooms have varying sizes. Developers are still updating and actually listen to their fans.9/10
,Recommended,262790,28278499,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,An Easy Target,"Yo, this is the story all about howMy life got flip-turned upside down, and I'dLike to take a minute if you'll just sit right there,I'll tell you how I became the princess of Edgewood's upper layers.In lower-level Edgewood, born and raised,The classroom is where I spent most of my days,Chewing on snacks, Enduring treatment cruel,Lookin' out and wonderin' what's beyond the school,When a couple of students who always dealt doomStarted trashing up my little classroom.I got hit withone littledesk, and my mind got scared,And said ""You're going to the top to learn what happened here"".I begged and pleaded with me, day after day,But she packed up my essentials, and sent me on my way,She pointed to The Two Girls, she gave me an eraser,I put my long skirt on, I said ""I might as well face her!""Class after Class, wow, this is mean!Getting cool stuff out of vending machines.Is this what the kids in Edgewood live like?Hmm. This might be alright!But wait, I hear they're angry, ""die now!"", that cred.Is that where my subconscious thinks to send this this cool kid?Well, I guess so, but I'll see when I get there.I hope I'm prepared for Edgewood's upper layers!"
76561198013249177,Recommended,262790,9216095,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Le Toucan,"Love this game, it's extremely challenging and although similar also quite different from The Binding of Isaac."
76561198135909646,Recommended,262790,30266012,Posted: 1 March,all,66Kittens,It's hard for me lol but I just love it!!
,Not Recommended,262790,11580532,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","This game tries to similar to Binding of Isaac. The setting and art style is unique (Harry Potter vs. Tim Burton) and there are many rewards and unlockables.Everything is fine except the most important part: gameplay. Playing is just no fun, really slow even when rolling. That kills an action game for me. Player movement and shot frequency should be doubled from the beginning.As in BoI optimizing the character means backtracking the level -> even more slow creeping around.I wanted to see the unlockables and the higher level rewards but it feels like work not playing."
,Recommended,262790,8915011,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Zhai,I'm a long time fan of The Binding of Isaac. This game delivers more of the same.
,Recommended,262790,8908349,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Major Horrigan,"plays a lot like binding of isaac, allthough I don t like the artstyle as much and it seems less complex  ... a good in between game if u cannot wait until rebirth is released"
,Not Recommended,262790,16839390,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Silim,"The game has an amazing art style, good music, and interesting power ups...But is completely ruined by TERRIBLE hitboxes. Dodging through projectiles is an exercise in frustration, especially if you have experience in other games in the genre with better hit detection - you can forget weaving through tight spots. Just stick to Binding of Isaac: Rebirth instead."
76561197991720973,Recommended,262790,8972659,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Vazev,Absolutely great game. Especially if you like Binding of Isaac.
,Recommended,262790,8905451,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,CrazyCanuck,"I hadn't heard too much of Our Darker Purpose, and it popped back onto my radar when I read an article about it on Joystiq or Polygon. Logged onto Steam when it was released, bought it, and have been thoroughly enjoying it. I haven't played much at the time of this review (just under an hour), but it's got me hooked, and as soon as I have a block of free time, a lot of it will be devoted to this game.The visuals are dark, good, and oddly cute. The gameplay is fast and frantic. I love the difficulty, and that dying forces you to restart from the beginning. Being a roguelike game, levels will always be different, and therefore it will be extremely hard to predict who will be in what room, if that same room even exists.The multiple pathways and plethora of items to collect guarantee replayability, and each playthrough will provide more details and more background to why Edgewood is the way it is. I'm a huge fan of story games, so I'm anxious to get as much as information as possible. There are multiple items to pick up throughout to help you, such as increased attack speed, or move faster after every roll (moreso than the default speed increase). Leveling up allows you to read a book, which offers a nice boost. As a beginner to this game and dying quite frequently, I like taking the extra life book, assuming it pops up. Again, a roguelike game, so level up bonuses might not be the same.I'm in love with the soundtrack, and if it's ever offered as a purchase, I'd buy it.I easily recommend Our Darker Purpose to everybody and anybody."
,Not Recommended,262790,10966183,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Aquilibrius - King of Wrath,"In It's current state ODP is slightly lack-luster in terms of balance, sure the roguelikey design does encourage unfair gameplay but while this can be used to create a more engaging game this game takes it much farther then is appreciated.Difficulty is often conducive to engagement in a game where it is implimented well, it allows the feeling of immense satisfaction when the player eventually overcomes the obstacles that once held them back so much, however with bad implimentation as is the case in Isaac and sadly ODP as well.ODP does greatly depend on luck for pickups and such, luck varies less than in Isaac howver that is simply because the game does not have any memorable or standalone powerful items.The hitboxes are incredibly unfinished with player hitboxes being larger then they graphically appear and for some stupid reason circular items have square hitboxes, in summnation the game is very, very unfinished but it is very promising.As of yet I do not reccommend it"
76561198046869604,Recommended,262790,8928907,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Wumpabomination,"Amazing Rogue-Like, and for anyone who liked Binding of Isaac, prepare for a new iteration of it in Our Darker Purpose. Creepy storyline just adds to the greatness"
76561198060549722,Recommended,262790,9838127,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,we300men,it's noice
76561198011175116,Recommended,262790,10009137,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,wanderingfish,This game is a lot of fun and very different from everything else that I was playing. This was the game that I have been looking for without knowing it!
,Not Recommended,262790,8923454,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Chronocrat,I gave this a go because I'm a huge Isaac fan but it's extremely cutesy and the movement is very clunky. In all likelyhood I won't ever play it.Don't bother.
,Not Recommended,262790,8931773,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,1 dagger and im die,"In my very recently developed passion for roguelike games, I stumbled upon Our Darker Purpose on the Steam frontpage. Initially I was going to discard it as another indie game that sold entirely on the premise of its pretty art, but seeing as it was a roguelike, I decided to try out my new payment method by buying it.Well, those ten dollars could have been better spent.True to its roguelike nature, the game thrusts you upon the ruins of a school that changes every time you play the game. The thing is, you'll find yourself doing that way more than it'd be fun to.Don't assume I'm giving this game a bad review because of the difficulty.No, it's because of the unfairness. There is practically nothing for your character (a distressed, half-goth-half-moeblob shy little girl named lovingly named Cordy) to do once an enemy has set their sights on you. What I imagine must have initially been designed as an evasive roll is instead little more than a glorified burst of speed where you can still be hit by the enemy. The rest of your abilities are terribly uneffective attacks -or at least, I assume they're attacks, by what little information I managed to absorb from a ""tutorial"" consisting of a few scribbles on the first room of each new game. It's nigh-impossible to dodge enemy attacks, and skill has naught to do with it.The entire game's design either lacks foresight or is simply lazy. The majority of characters have a terrible lack of animations; Cordy herself only has an animation for her roll, and an animation for her walk. Getting hit by an enemy elicits little more than a ""blink"" from your sprite, reminscent of those from a past-decade arcade beat 'em up. Even the menus are strange, allowing you the use of your mouse in one menu, and taking it away from you in the next one. Like I said, the game offers you little-to-none information on just what the ♥♥♥♥ you're supposed to do, and it wasn't until my third death that I took it upon myself to navigate the jumbled menus to see if there was anything as my reward for future progress. True enough, there was a ""Counselor"" in one of the menus to whom I could pay the ""favors"" I earnt at the end of each level in exchange for tips.Like I said, the game didn't tell me any of this. I could have potentially gone an entire playthrough without even realizing there was a friendly NPC in the main menu. There may even be more helpful stuff out there for me to find. Perhaps if I type in the Konami code I'll get a lightsaber? If I don't experiment I'll never know.Those are the two main downfalls of this game. The lack of information, and the tediousness of the design. Oh, and the unfairness; did I mention you're screwed for the whole game?Now, the game has just come out, so it may be unfair for me to write a review this early. But you're supposed to release a game when it's at least completed enough to be /fun/, not as a half-baked cake with an IOU.If you're looking for a game with similar art, get Don't Starve. If you're looking for a roguelike, get Rogue Legacy or Spelunky. At least at the moment I am writing this review, this game is not worth touching."
,Not Recommended,262790,8910660,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Dashi,"Short description: Altered The Binding of Isaac.The shop description uses pretty words and says you keep the ""lessons"" learned between playthroughs, considering the theme you might believe you keep abilities or passives for subsequent playthroughs; you don't, the system is actually a point reward every floor, the harder floors giving more points, which after your death you can spend in the main menu for passives, which not only minor, are limited in acquisition, they are in no way game-changing, for example, improved 15% crit chance while in short range of your target. If in Isaac your success depended on farming exploits or rolling useful items at the start, here it is even more randomized. Although there is a leveling system in the game, when you level you can choose between two abilities, some with partially detrimental effects, but worse, even these options are random abd you can easily get a nearly worthless roll every time. Frankly, that's not difficulty, that's merely luck-based gameplay, akin to playing dice, as your natural projectile and such can be nearly useless in most situations.Additionally the rooms are cluttered with big junk that not only stays in your way, but actually have uneven, rough hit detection and often hold you in place if you walk near enough, making you that more vulnerable.Yet again, if you liked Isaac, you might like this more randomized version (you could finish Isaac without a single item if you were good, here you'll be struggling with movement and projectile issues.), if you haven't played a roguelike before, try Isaac before coming around this."
,Recommended,262790,8914479,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Yanahma,Its like Binding of Issac... but good!
,Not Recommended,262790,29027737,Posted: 4 January,all,Slore,"I wish that I could recommend this game. Much like other twin sticks, such as Binding of Isaac, there is a casual feel to a game which becomes difficult as you make it into the depths.I liked some aspects of this game such as the level up system. It gives you two options for each level up, giving the illusion of choice. In the end, most of the skills make very little difference in the game. Like one or two of the skills makes a huge difference, but those come around at times when the game seems to know you won't have time to use them. Which is a reason I have to give it a thumbs down.The boss sequence seems to just be built about prolonging the game. You beat the first chapter boss, only to find that you've been sent back to the menu to restart for a second attempt. You have to beat it a second time to progress to chapter 2. Each chapter sends you back to the start to grind through it again. This was a big downfall for me.I finally decided to not give a recommendation when playing some of the bosses. Some of the bosses are just ridiculous and tedious (such as the Disciplined King and Cyndar's Timekeeper). There is nothing enjoyable about the boss mechanics. It just becomes how long do you want to dodge before stopping and just finish the fight by taking hits. The second chapter boss literally had me thinking, ""Did the developer just want to see how much♥♥♥♥♥♥they could put on a screen at once while you're rolling around!?""Although I finished the game, I would go back and spend the money on something else. It could hold you over until the next big twin-stick game, but there are other games out there that provide better entertainment."
76561198045818247,Not Recommended,262790,22720726,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Wizard1994,"I wrote a review, waited a few months before trying out the game again, and I'm still disappointed. I simply don't have much fun/interest playing this game. This game feels like it has... ""missing elements"" to it that kill the appeal to me. It's a bullet hell one moment and a race the next. In my last review, I though Our Darker Purpose was difficult, but really I wasn't playing well due to the lack of reward for really doing so. You can get treasure, items, coins, loot and grades on how well you did - but NONE of that seems rewarding enough to turn the satisfaction of getting such things into entertainment... In a sense, there is no penalty for losing in this game, you get to keep the rewards from floor grades anyway.I don't recommend this game to people who want a more thrilling exciting experience in their rogue-like games. This game executes it's purpose well - being dull, being depressing, and being dark. 6/10 but not my kind of game..."
,Not Recommended,262790,19285140,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Sniffing_Memes,"WHATEVER YOU DO DO NOT BUY THIS AT FULL PRICE!NOT WORTH 11 POUNDS AT ALL! WHAT A ♥♥♥♥ING RIPOFF!Its an issac clone all theyve done is change the style. Gameplays limited. an all round rip off, if i could get my money back i would."
76561198046233727,Recommended,262790,10986787,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,dfens00,"The Binding of Isaac, only without the poop."
,Not Recommended,262790,8904882,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Lady Suddam Hussein,I might just be bad but as the game currently stands it's far too difficult. I'm a huge Binding of Isaac fan and I really liked some of the new twists they decided to throw into this one but it honestly is quite inferior in the end. Also I can't say that I'm a big fan of this artistic style.Concept = goodGame = mediocre
76561198032517389,Recommended,262790,12489171,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Cyber-Al,"it`s like binding of isaac, i love to play these kinda games!"
76561198062129874,Not Recommended,262790,23950272,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,kiwasabi,"What exactly is the ""Partial Controller Support"" for this game? Honestly, it's nothing but false advertising. Just because The Binding of Isaac devs were lazy enough to not put in controller support, doesn't mean you should follow suit. It is honestly the most trivial thing to implement in a game. And it is a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to have to configure the controls using JoytoKey or Xpadder. Seriously, don't be such lazy game devs and I'll give you a better review. Until then, you get a negative review."
76561198066796982,Not Recommended,262790,30000167,Posted: 17 February,all,King Smore,"got hooked just by the phrase ""similar to the binding of isaac""got bored in an hour and havent played it since thenitissimilar to the binding of isaac but honestly it feels like the binding of isaac done wrongif you didnt entirely like the binding of isaac then you might actually want to try thistl;drit sucks"
76561198078573009,Not Recommended,262790,23880366,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,HYPNOTICA420X,"binding of isaac rip off, but has bad graphics, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ enemy ai and too much health. also her attack is total♥♥♥♥♥♥ wish i never wasted my money on this turd."
76561198072826923,Not Recommended,262790,29055624,Posted: 6 January,all,KOS-MOS,"Pathetic Binding Of Isaac cloneInsanely difficult, your attack tracking is♥♥♥♥♥♥P.A.T.H.E.T.I.C"
76561198037917842,Recommended,262790,10640918,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NightStake,"This game is unforgiving. If you take just a hint too much damage anytime in the game, it may come back to haunt you later. Yet, this game is so satisfying to play and it keeps reeling you back into it. What progress you make, feels like an acomplishment and for that, I thoroughly enjoy this game.This game is similar to BInding of Isaac. There are randomly generated levels, where death is permanent, and items are randomized. One thing different is that there is a dodge mechanic that must be utilized if you want to survive. Other than that, you kill enemies for currency to upgrade your character and try to survive each level.My only gripe with the game is that its difficulty is extreme, even with some of the best item combos, there is a good chance you'll die or slightly move wrong and get murdered. I have obtained two shot multipliers and barely survived the second chapter boss.If you are at all interested in a more challenging version of Binding of Isaac, this game may be for you."
76561198108076261,Recommended,262790,10777164,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,shadowcreature0,People who like The Binding of Isaac will surely like this game. Though the switch between the two can be slightly disorienting.
76561198057632607,Recommended,262790,10700102,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Zylach,"Basically Binding of Isaac but with several differences making it a very different experience. This one comes with a roll dodge that increases your movement speed and can provide invulnerability given you have certain items. The game relies on a leveling system as well so there is an incentive to kill enemies and explore for more exp. On the flip side, a lot of the upgrades at this point feel a little unrewarding. Moreover, combat often feels like an uphill battle as there is a built-in vision system and your circle of vision can increase or decrease depending on items. There are also floors labelled as pitch black. Also, the default  shot is very small and travels a short distance so hitting enemies is a lot harder. Meanwhile, there are a lot of rooms where you will be bombarded with attacks which you are expected to dodge. Fortunately, taking damage isn't quite as punishing as Isaac as ""juice boxes"" (health potions) can be collected and stored for future use to restore your health which defaults to 100. The game also offers an achievement system whose rewards help out with future gameplay as you can spend ""credits"" earned from achievements for buffs in all games down the line. Overall, this game offers a beautifully dark and artistic take on Binding of Isaac that will also present much more difficulty for those that are looking for it."
76561198008678879,Not Recommended,262790,10704220,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mr. Creaux,"Like Binding of Isaac, except the ""♥♥♥♥ed up"" part of it is handled without finesse.  Too short to focus on leveling, but until you do level, you're too weak to function well.Overall, a great idea marred by sloppy execution."
76561198039547609,Recommended,262790,8978527,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Lit dog dwayne,"I really like this game. I just bought it, but I can see myself playing this for many hours in the future. I hope that the developer will support it with patches, because there are alot of things that needs to be fixed. The game is very much like The Binding of Isaac, and is an excellent diversion from the good 'ol Isaac. 8/10 would bang."
,Recommended,262790,8986874,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Kiddin,"A more difficult, and elaborate version of the Binding of Isaac. I have to say I've enjoyed every minute I've played so far, and will continue to play this for a long, long time."
76561198108968849,Recommended,262790,8988167,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Caasinom,"I really enjoy this game it has a great art style ,progression system and makes you use the mechanics I accidentally reset my game though when trying to turn the  music down I'm pretty sad because I had quitee alot of progress is there anyway to get it back?"
,Recommended,262790,9263164,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Spymon the Cyborg,"This gmae is a must buy if you love randomly generated dungen crawlers, such as The Binding of Issac, Paranotical ect.In other words if you like randomly generated dungen crawlers stop reading this and, GET THE GAME ALREADY!"
76561198051361639,Recommended,262790,9265516,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Chaoman122333,a very good game
,Recommended,262790,9443299,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Red Damsel,"It's pretty okay. The dodge roll is for actually dodging and moving around stuff. No invincibility  frames. So, you'll have to take some time to get use to that.The upgrade drip is slow and unrewarding aside from a few 'upgrades'.You'll (almost) never have enough money for the first floor vending machine.Bosses offer no rewards or upgrades for beating them (Aside from the one time achievements.)A run will usually fail within the first few floors.You're squishy.Monsters get tanky quickly.It basically needs a lot of changes to the backbone stuff, upgrades and items need to be more varied and fun to tool around with. They need to drop more often, as well as your other support supplies. I'd like to see something else aside from chalk in that slot as well.Some of the design vices help to make the game harder but for all the wrong reasons. It'll be a grind to finish it either way since the game forces you to replay it at least four times.It's a solid seven of ten or so."
,Recommended,262790,9074692,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,BrokenSaint,"This game is great. It has definite over tones of the Binging of Issac (of one my favorite games of all time) but it definitely sets itself apart with the gameplay and design. I really love the art style and music as well. Lastly, it is super hard. Like, really really hard. You will put hours and hours before even beating the first chapter, but that is part of the fun!If you like this style of game, it is definitely worth it for the price."
,Recommended,262790,9075993,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Scaryninjacrab,"This game is amazing, its like The binding of isaac, but with a broader story, its much harder and it has a great art style."
76561198041532803,Recommended,262790,9204270,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Gladeheart,"This game is seriously terrific and funny. The game is very difficult but in a fair just sort of way, imagine a slightly kinder simon cowell who was also a videogame. The game oozes style and character it all looks like a very good Tim Burton film. Plus talking potato sacks are the best way to tell a story ever."
,Recommended,262790,9192119,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,LoganPerseveres (Shaggy),If you liked the binding of Isaac this game is for you. Dungeon crawler rpg with a creative setting and bosses. Personally i'm enjoying it much more than Isaac.The art in it is just up my alley and reminds me of tim burton/coraline.
,Recommended,262790,9071626,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Bezow Doo Zipitty Bop-Bop-Bop,"This game is absolutely 100% worth any and all money you throw at it. I was skeptical at first, being a large binding of isaac fan, but Our Darker Purpose is absolutely wonderful, and improves upon Isaac in almost every way. If you like fun, then buy this game."
76561198033308586,Recommended,262790,9072521,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,merciless_night,J'adore ca ces dark et creepy pis ces le meme genre que Binding of Isaac mais en HARDCORE sérieux yer tuff
76561198082245500,Recommended,262790,11378935,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Inspector Pyro Ren,"Our Darker Purpose is an AMAZING game! It's very similar to the game The Binding of Isaac, in the dungeon-rogue like way that  you have to collect items to improve your character and how you have to fight enemies and bosses to move on to the next floor. I've enjoyed playing this game for a number of reason some of whice are: The soundtrack is amazing, the storyline is pretty well done and detailed, the items are interesting, the dodging system is pretty nice and something new that I haven't seen before in any other games I've played, and it has talking potatoes! What more could you possibly want! The one thing that I've noticed they could improve on is how the hitbox works but other then that it's a great game! I rate it 8.5/10. If you want to see a brand new lets play to see what it's like check out minehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xG4iPdJR8tE&list=UUHR5pqX-U718C2nIB1hQ3kg"
76561198010781531,Recommended,262790,11100324,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,steveo7245,If you like the binding of Issac you will like this game. It is much more difficult as you can get much less overpowered that you can in the binding. I love the dark feel of the game and the mechanics work very well. Interesting set of enemies and bosses and even with the difficulity curve being kinda well...difficult
,Recommended,262790,10856598,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,1111can,"fun game so far, saw it on cobaltstreak's twitch stream and had to pick it up, IT IS AMAZING LIKE IZAAC MEETS ORPHANAGE :D"
,Recommended,262790,11242195,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Mortos,"Very very similar to binding of isaac.  Not quite as good but that's a tough bar to hurdle.  It's got an interesting dark story and is worth playing over and over to get more of it (much like, again, BoI)"
,Recommended,262790,11377729,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Jörmungandr,"A lovely place filled with excitement and learning opportunities. The students are all ready and willing to help you feel welcome in their happy home. Although the furniture is in slight disrepair, they have lively conversations that are well worth stopping and listening to. The chandelier hangs a bit too low for my tastes, but the stew served for lunch is delicious as long as you avoid eating anything sharp.10/10: Would be murdered and remurdered several thousand more times."
,Recommended,262790,11538517,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,BOM DIA CACETE,"It's an rogue-like game,i like this style of game,it's a pretty good game,with an amazing story in the background,I RECCOMEND!!!"
76561198041925467,Recommended,262790,12011565,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Stranger Chaos,"binding of issac and tim burton made a baby...and it's out to murder your face. this game is difficult, but like all rogue like games that's to be expected. if you are not a fan of rogue like game you should not buy this game, it will eat you alive and delight in your suffering and frustration as it dances on your broken pride. But if you DO like rouge like games, i implore you to play this one, if you're up for a challenge with an interesting story ODP will not disappoint you."
,Recommended,262790,9132298,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,;:'. neilism_ ∞,"As the developers are hard at work making this game better, I grow more fond of this game with each update. I got this game when it first came out. It draws multiple parallels with Binding of Isaac, one of my favorite games and the only game that I achieved 100% achievements on. What turned me off was the awkward hitboxes and being trapped behind corners of obstacles. With the new updates, I can say that this game is more polished than it was before, and that it is a game worth trying for those who love roguelikes.There is a ""credits"" system that lets you carry on some bonuses you earned with each playthrough. It took me at least 50 tries before I finally got to the ending of the game. Story-wise, I am still a bit confused but I shall go back and figure it out. The dodge-roll system is very tight and responsive. The items and levelling up are both very satisfying near end-game.How does this game compare to the Binding of Isaac? It's not as friendly as you first pick it up as the Binding of Isaac. I found myself frustrated at the number of projectiles flying towards me. It was infuriating to dodge a projectile only to realize that ALL PROJECTILES are semi-homing. This makes the game a lot harder to get used to as compared to the Binding of Isaac. To make things worse, the projectile that comes out of Cordy is small, unlike the Binding of isaac where the tears are about 1/5 of the enemies' size or more. Cordy's projectile is super small. The projectile doesn't work the same was as Isaac's so it takes awhile to get used to that too.All in all, get Binding of Isaac first. Play that game, get the DLC, love the game. If you're up for a more advanced and more satisfying challenge, Our Darker Purpose is your game. It is the advanced Binding of Isaac.edit: new updates, unforgiving. metaphorically, the fun is the brick in your mouth you end up trying to eat."
76561198124475637,Recommended,262790,15750422,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Red,"Reasons why I like this game:1)The player is always finding new things items and combos, keeping the gameplay as fresh as a newly dug grave2) The music is simple, yet really catches the creepy charm that Edgewood has3) Upgrades that don't make you overpowered, yet still feel very staisfying4) I know this is an odd one, but it is really nice to have a game that doesnt feel the need to flash bright colors at the player to make me feel all nice and powerful (the crits speak for themselves, thank you very much!)5)Even though it's repetitive(ish), it gives me the same feeling that MOBAs do: it let's me learn from my mistakes and earn my upgrades so that I can do better against familar foes and, EVENTUALLY, best themAll and all: 9/10  (one point off for giant-catus-balls-of-death-and-sadness)"
,Recommended,262790,18797421,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,MaximumMagicMan,Everyone and their mama would compare this to binding of isaac. All i can say is both isaac and cordy have♥♥♥♥♥♥childhoods. While this game doesnt have the tight design that binding of isaac does and may very well have a bit of unfair difficulty. it is beatable and i reccomend folks give it a shot.
76561198026767979,Recommended,262790,13722173,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sozdorferz,"Thia game is absolutely fantastic! It's challenging, yet fair(except two or three places) and has a really neat story despite being a rogue like. 10/10 would recommend based soley on the fact that you can kill student with fire balls."
76561198218041015,Recommended,262790,19042711,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Kiddwilliam21,"Not sure which I enjoy more, this or The Binding of Isaac.8/10Controls can be tricky at first but stick with it and you'll get the hang of it"
76561198149772238,Recommended,262790,17793765,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,PastaStalker64,"Our Darker Purpose is what the spawn of Dark Souls and Binding of Issac would be if it raided Tim Burton's wardrobe and splashed just a dash of Lovcraftian horror onto its plotline.With tight controls and well programmed enemy A.I. your heart will be pounding as you attempt to traverse the halls of Edgewood's Home for Lost Children and repeatedly die with each new or old enemy you encounter. This doesn't mean the game is unfair, no despite the steap learning curve it is possible to even traverse (at least) the first floor without getting hurt using the knowledge from all your previous failings which is to be expected. There's also small upgrades that you can choose from in and before the game that while don't make the game easier will help you survive an extra minute if you learn to utilize them.The plot is simple: you are Cordy, a little girl trying to untangle the mystery behind the orphanage when all the teachers dissapear and the students scream Mad Max-esqe rules and start killing each other while establishing a new heirarchy with the most nasty creatures at the top floors of the svhool.My favourite part however has to be the bosses, all amazingly unique in design with the only similarites being in how some of them attack or defend. But this is only one overlap between a miniscule amount of monsters who accidentally showed up wearing identical pairs of socks while the rest giggle in their ballgowns made of the player's carcass.However there is a point in the game where it (not completely) delflates a bit where as you progress you only come across maybe two levels (at most) of the really hard enemies. You could say I was being greedy at this point and the game was only trying to reflect a traditional social triangle, but when I'm being beaten by enemies and they finally bring out a paddle to add to the fun I'd like it to last more than two wacks!"
76561198012033347,Recommended,262790,16657009,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ozzymandias,"Having played both The Binding of Isaac and Our Darker Purpose, I find I much prefer ODP.  Between the lore, the story, the light RPG elements, and the ability to roll out of the way, the authors have taken everything that was good about BoI and made it better. try it"
,Not Recommended,262790,16520373,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Byder,"After a few hours I realised this game wants you to grind the first chapter, doing the same thing all over again. Some areas are very frustrating and permanent upgrades are hard to get and often not very useful or too expensive. I liked the lore and found it to be motivating but it doesn't excuse the tedious nature of this game."
76561198052369013,Recommended,262790,14128577,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Thatnooboverthere,"This game is not simply a ""rip off"" of Binding of Isaac simply because it can fit into the same genre. Our Darker Purpose has its own unique mechanics and interesting story, along with a great atmosphere created through the art style and music. One of my favorite features of this game is how you level up for killing enemies; this makes clearing entire floors worthwhile."
,Recommended,262790,13568939,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Diopside,"The Binding of Isaac, minus overpowered as ♥♥♥♥ pickups, plus an actual storyline, and a lot less crude.Otherwise, literally the same game, if you like one you'll like the other.Really goddamn hard, though."
76561198011968674,Recommended,262790,16329292,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TheOneTheyCallBruce,"Cordelia somehow managed to survive her peers violently taking over the Edgewood Home for Lost Children. Starting from the ""Waking Floor"", she must travel to the highest library to find out exactly what is happening in a school with only the most casual relationships with reality. Along the way, she'll fight her feral peers, former best friends, and horrible monsters that dwell within the shadows.A fantastically fun and brutal game reminiscent of Binding of Isaac only with a heavier emphasis on movement and slightly more player choice. The inclusion of the ability to roll changes the pace of combat entirely, allowing for quick escapes from bum-rushing foes or projectiles. Outside of the items that buff your character to various degrees, you also get level ups which allow you to choose between two potential boosts in a variety of stas--speed, attack power, health, etc. Further, completing floors gets you credits, which can be used to buy ""classes"" which serve to alter the base abilities that Cordy starts with, either by giving her more items, more selection at vending machines, exchanging the roll for a teleport, or other minor-to-game-changing options.The art style is Edward Gorey-esque (basically the guy who Tim Burton wants to be), the soundtrack effectively atmospheric, and the story is peppered with subtle ""ah ha!"" moments for those who take the time to dive into the lore. It's also a charmingly (though darkly) funny game, with witty descriptions and dialogue detailing the slow unravelling of Edgewood's secrets. The bosses are the game's biggest strength, in my opinion--creative and fun to fight, each big bad needs to be approached in a way that is different from everything else. Nothing seems to be a simple reskin of an earlier foe with extra health, which is greatly appreciated.There are some downsides, the biggest of which is the fact that hard mode is a bit too geared against the player in that if you don't have 2-3 damage boosting levels/items by the first chapter boss, later bosses are going to be nightmarish slogs of whittling down massive health bars protected by obscene defense stats. While I appreciate difficult games, patience isn't really the thing to be testing. It also makes me dread fights I was looking forward to--to reiterate, the boss battles really are some of the game's strongest moments.But, really, my misgivings are just on the optional hard mode. And it could be that I'm just awful, so what do I know? If you like this kind of game, check it out."
76561198065002496,Recommended,262790,13667063,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,icecuttingfire,"hard, dark, and somehow engaging not to forget harrrrd!!!"
76561198011263543,Recommended,262790,13777052,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SurgeOfDestiny \[T]/,I have to have to say. I did what everyone else did. I went into this game believing it was an Isaac Clone. When In truth it is not. On the outside it may be. But what is inside is something so much deeper. This is a really good rewarding game. But remember. it is not binding of Isaac. It is Our Darker Purpose.
,Not Recommended,262790,13779154,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Spookie Boogie,"I really, really wanted to like this game. I love Binding of Isaac and I've beaten it to the point I wanted something new, this offered that. I was disappointed as it controls poorly in comparison. Plays poorly in comparison and is just downright unfair at points.This game advertizes as being difficult, it's not.Binding of Isaac is difficult, even if you obtain broken items you cannot survive if you don't plan ahead and think on your feet.This game is false-ly difficult. It's difficulty is artificial, it is a time sink. Health items are rare and next to useless. You have to dodge each and every single bullet ever, this game also loves spawning large amounts of these bullets.Enemies spawn various types of screen consuming projectiles, with maze like obsticles to protect them from your pitiful single shot projectile.Do not play this game. Look at some art of it and listen to the music, maybe read the lore, these things are good, but the game at it's core, is not."
,Not Recommended,262790,13785000,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Flamboyant Douchebaggery,"ODP is fun... at first.   My issues with it are:1.  Targetting seems random.  With no controller support, you use the arrow keys to shoot.  Shots go everywhere.  Shooting right, the shot can go up to 25 degrees off course.  This can be very frustrating.2.  It's perma-death.  That in itself wouldn't be an issue if the game wasn't tough.  Compounded with issue #1 above.3. There is no item reference, or log when you're in-game.  When you grab an item the description flies by way too fast.  I still don't know what the eraser does!YMMV but I find this game to be more annoying then fun.  It would be a few really easy fixes (and maybe a few harder ones... controller support would be good), but as it is now, I doubt I'll play it again."
76561198075091983,Recommended,262790,15944498,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,AgentofProvidence,"It's unfortunate that this game is considered a Binding of Isaac clone because while it shares some similarities, they are far from being the same game. This game is slower paced and a bit more tactical. You will need to pay more attention to your surroundings and more quick on your feet.  In any case if you enjoy rogue like isometric third person shooters, this is a fun game to consider."
76561198102727095,Recommended,262790,15604434,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kungfujew,"A good Rogue-like game. Different from the binding of issac. Much harder than it too, atleast for me. I highly recommend it. Snag it on sale if your unsure about it."
,Recommended,262790,15595767,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,liamoshagers,if you liked the binding of isaac you will like our darker pupose the game has a story and though i havent found meself learning the story i have got stuck in to the gothic style game its easy to pick up the controls and hard to master the random rooms and bosses are great with the added chance to pick the path you want to explore being a nice touch well worth the money looking forward to spending many more hrs playing this game and mastering i give the game a solid 9/10
,Recommended,262790,15696684,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,"Mogswell Smart, Khajit Agent 86","Our Darker Purpose is fantastic, and despite its superficial similarities to The Binding of Isaac, it's a very different beast; for one thing, this game is not afraid to punish the player for failing to use her dodge button, or for attempting to tank his way through damage. This game is very much focused on making the player think strategically and defensively. Moreover, I dig the game's institutional-Gothic aesthetic quite a bit, and the lore he game revels to you bit by bit I find enthralling. Go buy this--it's worth it."
76561198008389361,Recommended,262790,15613641,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Mr. Finn,"Fantastic, addictive game! Similar to the Binding of Isaac in a few ways, such as top-down shooter, horde of collectible items and powerups and whatnot, and similar overall level design, but that's it! This game has it's own unique story, it's own enemies and bosses, it's own traps and obstacles, IT HAS A LEVELING SYSTEM! (something tBoI is unfortunately lacking), different moveset + functions, such as ROLLING!!, a number value for hp, (instead of hearts), and JUICE!!!!(as healthpacks!!!) The art style, animation, and use of light are also fantastic imo. Much more rogue-like, with unlockables...unlocked by replaying the game and earning credits to purchase new powers to START the game with, as well as passive bonuses. To those saying this game is too like tBoI, I both agree and disagree. They have a similar starting formula as tBoI, but expanded in so many wonderful ways that tBoI never did. I've spent a collective 375 hours playing The Binding of Isaac and Rebirth, so I feel as if I may say that it is one of my favorite games of all time. The fact that Our Darker Purpose shares some similar components, (while adding plenty of their own), to tBoI should mean it should be praised as another good game, in the same genre, not called a ripoff and hated and♥♥♥♥♥♥on for that fact. (Sidenote: IMO more challenging than tBoI)I really enjoy(ed) playing ODP, and think that anyone who loves the binding, will surely love this game.  :) 8.5-9/10"
76561198025150603,Recommended,262790,15689978,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,paranoiks,"A great roguelike, mashup between the mechanics of Binding of Isaac and the art style of Don't Starve. Has a very good variety of perks and items, guarantying quite a lot unique runs. Might be a bit too hard for some people, but it definitely carries the hardcore spirit of the genre.Read the full review on GameMelterHere"
76561197988300537,Recommended,262790,15730656,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Stevek,"Ok... let's be perfectly honest about this.  Our Darker Purpose is a very close rip-off of binding of Isaac (which itself is a rip-off of Smash TV, which is a rip-off of that robot shooter arcade game I used to play when I was a kid (forgot the name)).  It's important not to get overly self-righteous about this.  But Binding of Isaac was comlpetely  original in it's weird, demented atmosphere.  The imagery of the setting, the enemies, and even the protagonist himself reflects this obtuse reality.  Our Darker Purpose tries to imitate that, but with less success.  It draws the line at being creepy.  And creepy is good.  But it falls short of it's predecessor.Now, that being said, it does pass the most important test of all... it's fun!  My favorite gameplay element is that you can build your character between playthroughs, which means that your progression isn't entirely skills-based -- good for those of use who lack the natural fast-twitch abilities of the modern teen.  I like the creepy as well, though not as much as I relish the deranged from Isaac.  But the designers did an excellent job of crafting a dark, unpleasant locale.  Also, a big positive over Isaac is that rooms are larger and can extend beyond the screen.   This makes for much more frenetic combat.If you liked Binding of Isaac, you will have fun with this... no question."
76561198018716386,Recommended,262790,15878383,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,[TFK]Genonam,"A well made, visually interesting, difficult game. Would recommend with all my heart, as it is both difficult, but not unbeatable once you get the hand of it all. Get into a good place and nothing will stop you except bad item drops."
,Recommended,262790,15879749,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,dex,"At first, I was unimpressed. Cordy moves so dang slow and doesn't shoot far at all and it's just the most unfair game ever.But it's also a little addicting, so I gradually learned the tricks of the trade and so it's more fun, now that I know exactly how to play it well.It gets away with being a Binding of Isaac copy with the fact that it's got some very lovely design -- Cordy herself is really very pretty -- and that the desks and potatoes talk about how it's a Binding of Isaac copycat. The potatoes and desks make the game tbh.I would not recommend if you're looking for super smooth gameplay or a relatively quick/easy game. Our Darker Purpose is far from it, and it's very far from being a perfect masterpiece. Perhaps it's not as good as Binding of Isaac -- but it is a different game and functions as such if you give it a chance."
76561197994924153,Recommended,262790,14364908,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Janitor_of_Death,"I've seen several other reviewers compare this game to Binding of Isaac and kidney punch it with these comparisons as much as humanly possible. I'll be the first person to admit, I love Binding of Isaac. It is a great game, between vanilla and Rebirth I've got over seven-hundred hours of Binding of Isaac and I will also be the first person to tell you that I think it unfair to compare the two.Yes, this is a rogue dungeon crawling game about suffering, where you time your projectiles other creatures who also exist in a perpetual state of suffering, but it offers some subtleties that compliment the gaming experience in a completely different way. Between each level your are offered your choice of a few new randomly generated levels to choose from, each with its own unique attributes that are usually focused around making you feel sore in the bathing suit area.The art and music is charming with gothic overtones and playful undertones. My feelings toward the game are quite different though there are some distinct similarities between it and Binding of Isaac. If you want another Binding of Isaac game though, pick up Rebirth, it's amazing, but there is no need for another developer to create a clone of a game that exists. This product stands alone in its own light (or darkness rather).Gameplay wise this game reminds me of Gradius more than anything. It's more about dodging than getting more powerful to kill bigger uglier baddies. In Gradius a player found themselves weaving in tight spaces to avoid getting hit and dying. This game is a ton of that, squeeze in the little space that isn't on fire, covered in caltrops, or saturated in electricity, then shooting your pew pews hoping they'll kill the guy who is trying to derp you in the bathing suit area.It may not be a game for everyone, but I wish it was."
76561198044248063,Recommended,262790,15518722,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Chicken McNazi,its the binding of isaac. you might think its something else by the screenshots but its the binding of isaac.
,Recommended,262790,15496140,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,TheAmazingOctobear,"Love this game,  despite it's faults.It's aesthetic, visual and soundtrack,  are great.   Some sound effects could use some work,  namely for the basic attack.The only real problem with this game is how slow the progression is.  It feels like it takes way too long to make a difference.  Dozens of play throughs before you earn things to use throughout the playthroughs.There's a lot of polish that could be done, including new features that would help it out.  Such as the ability to spend credits to directly increase starting stats as perma-buffs persistent throughout play.   Perhaps the ability to choose starting abilities that replace chalk, juice, the basic attack, and even the roll with similar but different effects.If I were to change anything about Our Darker Purpose,  and believe me I'd love to see the change,  is a drastically increased pacing.  The hit box issue people often complain about isn't much of a problem once you get use to it and can even benefit you on occasion.The pacing however is a serious problem and limits the enjoyability.I'd say to -DOUBLE- the amount of XP gained,  start with the option of a level up perk from the get-go,  and have bosses award either an immediate level up perk or an item,   then up credit gain significantly.   From there I really do believe that having the ability to spend credits to directly augment stats persistently would be a fantastic addition.   With these,  I think Our Darker Purpose would be one of my favorite games to play.It could be really fantastic then.    I still prefer it over Binding of Isaac personally,  I think the biggest reason is the aesthetic and lore but also the timed cooldowns on items and numerical HP rather than room-based cooldowns.I would recommend it.  It seems to be a love/hate thing for most Binding of Isaac players,  who either prefer the differences or tote it as being ""inferior in every way""."
,Recommended,262790,15248968,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,赤,Another loli!?I always like Rogue-like games.
76561198125816349,Recommended,262790,15179181,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,xbladeist,This game is tough. And it rewards the player for having skill unlike BoI. But this is and BoI are still great games. The difference is BoI is more RNG based than Our Darker Purpose. This game is much more of what YOU as the player can do with just a feel tools to help you along the way. You win with your own skill and that's really satisfying to do so.
76561198028965044,Not Recommended,262790,15972676,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Metalwrath,"In comparison to Binding of Isaac feeling cheap.Has good music, but if I think about the positives of the game, it would be the only one that comes to my mind."
76561198002951956,Recommended,262790,15054284,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Anathema_Dreamer,"At first glance it is easy to make comparrisons to The Binding of Issac, and in this case it is to the games benefit. The very stylish art combines with a moody atmosphere in a dark and creative story that makes it a hit in my book. Where as the Binding of Issac is the shining light of Rogue-Likes and good gaming all around, Our Darker Purpose is a sleeper hit, often overlooked BUT completely worth your time as its endearing concept has the potential to become it's own heavy weight like the Binding of Issac.Given some tender loving care, and time this could potentially become some truly awesome.However it would be remiss of me not to point out that its down side is that it is only partially controller supported. I would like to see it fully supported in time."
76561198031865713,Recommended,262790,15089564,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,warmonks,"plays like a clunkier binding of isaac, not a bad game, but the tumble ability helps this game feel more unique."
,Recommended,262790,15093265,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,dash.galaxy,"I really like this game, but like Binding of Isaac, I'm truly awful at it and haven't devoted much time to it for that reason. One day, game. One day I'll give you the attention you deserve. There's a lot to this game and it still is being updated, so dive in."
76561197968575794,Recommended,262790,15100024,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,FartGod,fun game!
,Recommended,262790,15105707,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,⚡ᦄNaCl as Fuck☑⚡,Its like binding of isaac hard mode. And its glorious.
,Recommended,262790,9017435,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,ZheFlow,"Pros:+ Topdown-Roguelite-Shooter or Isaaclike (we kinda need more of those imho)+ Nice Music+ Unique Artstyle+ Progression System (You unlock Lessons=Perks between runs)+ Dodge-Rolling (is fun if u get used to it, specially with the Perk that lets you shoot while Rolling)+ Hard difficulity (I can only reach Chapter 2 out of 4 after playing 8hrs /10runs). Of course u can see this as a bad thing aswellCons:- Gameplay feels not as flawless like the Binding of Isaac's- Not often but Sometimes there are unfair Rooms/Situations where there doesnt seem to be a way to avoid dmg- Somtimes slowpaced because Champions/Bosses have a lot of HP, specially if u get unlucky with dmg upgrades- Progression-System (i see it as a good and a bad thing in a roguelike, because u cant beat the game at low progression, well if u not godlike at least...)- (minor Point) theres no Gamepad Support (fixable with Joy2Key or similar programs)Conclusion:Nice roguelite Game with some Problems but still pretty solid. If you want something like the Binding of Isaac and can forgive some Flaws u should consider getting Our Darker Purpose."
,Recommended,262790,8959308,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,smh fam,this game is bomb as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,262790,8959468,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,TravioliTravioli,"Very addictive, think The Binding Of Isaac's gameplay and Rogue Legacy's hectic outer levels and this is that game.  lots of great lore and random funny moments (the desks talking about The Binding Of Isaac was pretty funny) to encounter, and very challenging floors until you get used to the various attacks of enemies. Definitely worth $15."
,Recommended,262790,8960100,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Narcisse,A BOI like but darker and with a nice story. The music is very nice to hear.
76561198069510322,Recommended,262790,8965574,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Dr_Defective,"Great game, Real change of pace from The Binding of Isaac while still having that feeling with new experiences and that rouge-like style that great games Like Isaac and Rogue Legacy have. I highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the genre."
76561197972550948,Recommended,262790,13146241,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,NixNot,"A fun little diversion, not without flaw, but still good. Very similar to The Binding of Isaac. Worth a couple bucks. The only complaint I have so far is that there's no joystick support. (It's 2014 developers, WASD only is barely acceptable for in browser flash games.)"
,Recommended,262790,11088320,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Starred Hamster,"Like ""Isaak"". Hardcore gameplay."
76561198054545805,Recommended,262790,10956080,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DaddyGrim,"Very underrated Isaac-like with elements of Rogue Legacy, I.E., there are ""credits"" that you earn on every run on the side to help you on each subsequent run you have. A few negatives I have with this game are that on later floors, there are some design choices I wouldn't have made regarding a lack of opportunity to hone experience with the game in terms of not getting hit. For example, there are some mobs that endlessly spam homing projectiles to the point where there's very little counterplay even for the most seasoned player. Still, I think people are a bit too hard on the game in terms of its quality ans especially its lore focus, especially when youtuber Northernlion reviewed it in a sort of unprofessional and biased manner."
76561198106025646,Recommended,262790,10960326,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TheVGMole,"In a nutshell, if you like the Binding of Isaac, you'll like Our Darker purpose. The game controls in the exact same way as Isaac, with the addition of the space bar adding a ""sonic spin dash"" like dodge that allows you to get out of some tricky situation. Our Darker Purpose has a much darker tone (yes, somehow darker than the story of a mom killing her child) and it's hand drawn graphics style are pretty neat to look at. Enemies and bosses are pretty unique, ranging from things like cardboard dragons, a chalkboard drawing, and a pot of gruel. The game of course has rogue like elements, floor, enemy, and item placement change every playthrough, and the game is designed to kill you as much as possible. The game gets a little easier with every death, as you start learning the enemies better, along with being able to unlock and equip various skills by accomplishing certain acheivemnts in the game. Donating credits to the ""school counsler"" also gives you certain upgrades, like being able to carry more healing items, and chalk, which acts a projectile clearing, enemy smashing super weapon.The game isn't without it's flaws. Sometimes there are so many projectiles on screen it almost becomes a bullet hell game, and feels like it's just impossible to get through an encounter without taking serious damage, and since the doors remain locked in every room until you defeat every enemy death can come quickly if you're not careful. Certain enemies are very annoying when placed in certain parts of the room, such as the chalk duster clapping enemies that produce a cloud of chalk that stalks you around the room. In certain places these enemies can only be hit in one precise spot and since they can produce two chalk clouds at once you'll only be able to get one or two shots in before you have to retreat and wait again. At one point two of these enemies were side by side, surrounded by walls, with a floor trap beside the only opening that sprung whenever I approached, meaning about 70% of my health dropped in a matter of seconds as I had no choice but to defeat them.I loved the Binding of Isaac, and any game that can give me even a hint of that games greatness is very welcome in my book. While not quite as fun or memorable as Isaac, ""Our Darker Purpose"" is a great game for anyone looking for more of that same flavor, I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,262790,10962462,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Innocent Bystander,More or less like Binding of Isaac without all the poo.
,Recommended,262790,10966602,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DankBob MemePants,"This game takes some aspects from Binding of Isaac (controls and general gameplay), some from Rogue Legacy (improving your character by earning credits by playing, but much more minimally in ODP), and then adds a bit of its own spin. It's like Tim Burton threw up all over BOI, and it's fantastic. At least a 9/10."
,Recommended,262790,10339237,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,-W3E- HellDevil,"This is a truely a hidden gem game, if your a binding of issac fan. duel stick shooter fan, rouge like player, or  a player for a rouge like quickie our darker purpose helps  ya with that.A grimdark game  of a orphon who betray by her friends and to learn the truth, can't say more or i might another helping of a brande new locked cauldron of yesterdays hahaha.But this little indie game went rhough hell from kick starter to green light give this game a hhand and spread the word about it!"
76561197992615859,Recommended,262790,9352906,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Bharial,"Very good, similar to Binding of Isaac but different enough to keep you playing over and over.  The roll mechanic adds a higher skillcap to this game.  I recommend it to anyone who is a fan of action roguelikes"
76561198011908108,Recommended,262790,12883396,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Strongfish91 Actual,find 'Binding_Of_Isaac'#sed 's/Jack Chick/Gorey and Addams' g
76561198007472019,Recommended,262790,10936769,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BrotherGRim,Its like crossing the art style of dont starve with the binding of isaac.Decent game...well worth it whe on sale
,Recommended,262790,10931875,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Melveno,Its a wondurful game! Its chalenging and fun to play!
76561197964342785,Recommended,262790,19296434,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,khachik2003,"Wonderful little game with beautiful artwork, music, and fun gameplay."
76561198019510174,Recommended,262790,19182524,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,IAlwaysWannaCry,"Such a good game, but it's global achievment stats say how many people actually have played this amazing game! (which is sad ;d )"
76561198096534549,Recommended,262790,19551916,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,DizzyFencer,"Overall I really like this game (obviously given I've played over 1,000 hrs). It is very frustrating to have to start over every time you ""win"" a level. And that there is no ""save"" option for gameplay.I love the graphics and the monsters are really creative.For someone who has a lot of time to kill and likes repetition this one's great. Plus there are a ton of achievements to earn which makes the game worth replaying.I definitely recommend this game."
76561198274344925,Recommended,262790,26307644,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Psyc0,"People are complaining that this is a Binding of Issac clone... well, it is, and it isn't. The layouts are indeed very similar, and on occasion the monsters seem as if they are simply reskinned versions of the monsters in The Binding of Issac. But this game has some very, very good things going for it that seperates it from Issac's game. First off, it has a ongoing story, instead of merely a narration for the very beggining and end, It also has a fantastic sense of humor, without having to resort to crude humor, and is considerably less disturbing, no maggots or bodily fluids, nor various scenes of pysical child abuse. (Though on occasion it is hinted at however, to a lesser degree.) These are two different games, however, it is clearly inspired by the binding of issac. Though you can build yourself up slowly in Our Darker Purpose, and This game has very humorous dialog between desks, so yes I would reccomend this game. However, some of you will prefer the Binding of Issac more.The bosses are clever, the humor is charming what else could you want from a clone."
,Recommended,262790,9190645,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Nuclear Fox,"This one is a great game, really. Lots of items to use, interesting upgrades idea, epic level design. It is still updated quite often, so can be a bit buggy, but I feel like these guys come closer to make game perfect!"
,Recommended,262790,14306923,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Nonsensicole,"Can't rave enough about this game. I bought it in early access, and was surprised at how solid the game was, even when supposedly ""unfinished"". Gameplay is similar to Binding of Isaac and the countless other roguelikes out there, but what sets Our Darker Purpose apart is it's unique Burton-esque art style and mysterious backstory (which is unlocked in pieces as you play through the game).Tons of replayability. Each playthrough will earn ""credits"" that can be spent on upgrades for future playthroughs, though it only allows a certain number to keep the game difficult. I've played over 50 hours and have only faced the final boss once. I can stop playing for awhile, then pick it up again weeks (or even months) later with ease and it's still just as enjoyable.I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys roguelikes. It's a steal at $15, and you will find yourself playing again and again."
76561198040812398,Recommended,262790,22545548,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Sol,"Upon my initial reading of the reviews here, what I took away was that Our Darker Purpose was a harder, gothier Binding of Isaac clone. And I figured that I would be okay with that; I picked the game up on sale, and I've honestly spent two dollars on worse things.If you've played Binding of Isaac, the gameplay is done in the same style. The floor layout and enemies are randomly generated. When you die, you go back to the beginning. Yeah, that all sounds familiar.But Our Darker Purpose is so much more than Binding of Isaac in a different skin. I've played a handful of hours (at the time of writing), and have barely cracked the third floor. I mean, I'm not a hardcore roguelike player (or usually a fan of the genre at all), so my thrill comes from getting just that little bit further each time. Right now I think of Hard Mode and shudder, seeing as how I regularly get mowed down by run-of-the-mill enemies.But that's part of what makes the game accessible. Well, to me at least. People in the same boat as myself can enjoy the game. We can hunt down the bits of lore, delight in our achievements (because, to us, they really ARE achievements), giggle/sigh at the conversations between inanimate objects, wonder at the art and the music, raise a very pointed eyebrow at some of the character design, and then get back to business because we ARE going to beat Chapter 1 tonight, d@mmit!And then the people who are great at these games, who want a challenge, can chew their way through Hard Mode. I honestly don't know if story matters as much to that type of player as the gameplay itself; I can image that is where disappointment lurks.Our Darker Purpose pulled me in in a way that Binding of Isaac never did. It's that drive to find more nuggets of dialogue that brings me back to empty rooms. It's getting to the next floor with 9 HP and, for a lark, seeing how far you can get anyway. It's not having enough juice boxes to heal through the boss's damage, but he's almost dead, and oh god I hope I can kill him before he kills me.If you're a player who enjoys sinking into a fresh new world, where the details come in bits and fragments, where wit and charm can overcome a few oversights in artistic direction, then this game might be for you."
,Recommended,262790,22554968,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,DON AXOLOTL,Dark Souls is for casuals.
76561198150200083,Recommended,262790,22525880,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Safeira,"The game is enjoyable, maybe not to the point that I'd play it constantly, but sufficiently enough. However, The Binding of Isaac is a better option, especially when looking at the price tag. I'd recommand you only get this game during a large sale, rather than paying the full price."
,Not Recommended,262790,21660896,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,hockeyhacker97,"While I would really want to recommend this game, it is fairly enjoyable with interesting progression, decent bosses, and challenging but not overly hard. Unforunitly there is one single thing that prevents me from recommending this game. The hitboxes are horrible, shots that look like they should hit don't, shots that look like they should miss hit, I mean it may just me being used to the locations of the hitboxes in Binding of Isaac, but you basiclly have to aim all your left/right shots above their head to hit them, sure you can just figure the enemy is about 2/3rds of a body length higher up on the screen then you expect, but it just doesn't feel right.Other then that one bug bear I would fully recomend the game, but that is a big issue that makes the game a lot less enjoyable then it should feel. The choosing between two different perks (that some have possitives and negitives attached to them) every time you level up, the unlocking permint perk chooses (you can unlock 36 of them but are limited to x amount per run) by completing challenges like defeat the chandeller boss without ever leaving it's light radius, or defeat the cualdron boss before its add, or defeat the present boss with 4 or more adds left alive (like the 4 drakes achievment in the one raid in WoW)... So challenging things to do that take skill to complete that unlock perks that make the game a bit easier (or harder depending) which you get to choose a few to bring into each run.Fix the hitboxes and I would fully recommend, but the hitboxes are just to much of a turn off to recommend with games like Binding of Isaac Rebirth at the same price feeling like you have better control due to the hit boxes being where you would expect."
,Recommended,262790,21429868,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Black Wombat,"I want to reccomend this game; but only barely. the art is wonderful, the style is great, and the gameplay is... Adequate. But CLOSE to being a really good game.Overall, the gameplay is slow, and very different from most other ARPGs of this type. It has a way steeper learning curve than most, and is much slower and more methodical - while also having a bullet hell element. You'd better get good at dodging. And no matter what you do, sometimes, the game just kicks you in the teeth and gives you nothing usful at all.But when you win, man, it's satisfying."
76561198121375155,Recommended,262790,20425727,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,BOB_nachiketaom,"Well, this game looks and plays like a copy of Binding of Isaac. The base game mechanics are just the same.But there is something different enough to make this game feel very different once you play 2+ hours. You can donate tokens to the counsellers (from main menu). This makes your character stronger as you donate more and more tokens. You earn these tokens every time you clear a level.So, this game is totally worth getting at a >50% off."
,Recommended,262790,20282127,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,King Of Hobos,"This game is great, but difficult to review. It has a great art style and story, and I really love the atmosphere of it. That said, it is incredibly difficult to win, and it seems like it requires luck to get a specific level-up upgrade in order to win. I've never been able to win without the ""Coins and Punishment"" upgrade, and that's a bummer. Maybe I'm not good enough, but the game could use a little balancing IMO. I wish I didn't miss the kickstarter, and the small dev. team is inspiring. Despite everything, this game is an enjoyable one. Also, it isn't just a Binding of Iscaac clone. I think the devs put plenty of originality in here to warrant some recognition as an idependant title. 9/10"
76561198018462978,Recommended,262790,21279901,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Contergancat,This is a nice game:Pros:- dark steampunk-like Artstyle inspired by the gashlycrumb tinies- horror (especially the lord of the flies style battle of the different factions of former pupils) story which builds slowly with each play session- possibility of strategical builds for own gameplay style or unlocking challangesCons:- relatively hard- some items doesn't add much to gameplay (they make no difference)- somewhat repetitive (after finishing a chapter you have to replay it)[although there's a nice story twist behind it]I did not finish it yet but i like it. Therefore i recommend it.
,Recommended,262790,21953135,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,INDIEKING,"The first time I played the game I put it down immeadiately and wrote it off as a unpolished version binding of issac. After I got tired of binding of issac and earned a 143 achievements in it I came back to our darker purpose and Im glad I did. buried in the game are power ups and a great soundtrack. The musical score had me coming back just to hear the song juice boxes required play. It sucks that this game will have to live in the shadow of issac but at least the artstyle makes it looks like it belongs there so its playing to its strengths. the game has an inital tougher start than issac but once you learn the enemies attack patterns you feel like a pro and the game rewards you for your effort with nice abilities that allow you to finetune the way you want to play eg you can grab abilities that enhance the roll and let you attack while rolling or just give you teleport, these abilities will make you feel like a vet and apreciate the game more. at the end of the day though Id recommend Our darker purpose on good music and replayability."
76561198062401511,Recommended,262790,16477535,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The Monster Inside Your Head,"As a fan of dark and gothic games, this is one of the best. Yes, people will compare this to the Binding of Isaac but those who choose to skip this title will surely be sorry. The gameplay is great although I feel it could be better if played with a controller. The writing is truly the best part. With its wonderful dark humor and intriguging story, I will surely remember the Edgeworth Home for Lost Children for many years to come. I guess the game has something not a lot of games have anymore. Character. This game is overloaded with its charm and is certainly a buy for those who love rogue-like games and casual games. Almost forgot, the music (especially the title theme) is great and worth the price."
76561198010104755,Recommended,262790,16875440,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Oxxian,"Very much enjoyed my first 4 hours, I imagine there will be many more to come having only beaten the first chapter and discovered another difficulty spike :).  If you don't like failing picking yourself up and trying again possiblely Edgewood is not the institution you are looking for.So many deaths............... So many more to come."
76561198058655461,Recommended,262790,17602080,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,EagleWiz,"This game is a year and a half old.They devs are still adding new items, abilities and nerfs to that one boss everyone hates.Kudos (but that boss is still the worst)."
,Recommended,262790,17128041,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,#fuckbdo,Satisfying top down roguelite with an interesting setting and a wealth of replay value. Binding of Isaac fans will be at home here.
,Recommended,262790,17457198,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,student 20,"So, this game keeps getting better.I've had this game for a while, and I'll be honest - I was looking for a Binding clone when I got it, and I was not dissapointed.At the end of the day, this is a cute (from a goth/emo perspective) twin-stick shooter in the same vein as Binding of Issac or even Geometry Wars. There are power-ups to be had, boss and mini-boss battles, and a fun sorta ""Classic Addams Family Comic"" vibe to the art style. The controls are not terrible, but not great - you're stuck with either awkward keyboard or slightly less responsive gamepad, but gamepad works well enough to not get in the way of the fun, so I say use that.I'm not gonna lie - my favorite part of this game is the art. It seriously looks like the old Addams Family comics (the ones that inspired the TV series and, later, the movies). It's dark and gothic, but not opressive. Combine that with consistant atmosphere that matches the art style, and you've got a real visual winner.I've reviewed this one twice before, making this my third review for this game and, if the devs keep improving it, not my last. It's an almost great game on the way to greatness, and I'm loving it. It can kill five minutes or a couple hours, and that's pretty awesome, too.So, yeah - get this one. I mean, if twin-stick shooting is your vibe, and you have a decent game pad to use (I advocate for the Xbox 360 or PS3 controllers, but what the hell do I know?) - no matter what, though, the art is great and the game itself is fun. Add that in with Devs who keep improving the game and you've got what I'd call a total win."
,Recommended,262790,24643519,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,retox,"TL;DRNot a BoI competitor. Good looks, slow paced.GOOD:Looks nice.Runs well.Can ALT+TABBAD:Starting level is too low, slow, hard, not rewarding, hit box too large, needs luck to get good upgrade to be able to progress, twin-stick shooter where you can't use pads- only keyboard (??!), shooting angle depends on movement- can't shoot dead left/right without stopping, unlocks happen very slowly- no indication how to achieve them.A slower, more deliberate BoI. Not of interest for those who want to progress after each 10 games."
