user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197994686280,Recommended,262960,14365131,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,whatthetrash,"- OLD THOUGHTS - UPDATED THOUGHTS BELOW -THOUGHTS:    02.07.2015I haven't finished the game yet, but at almost 8 hours in, I feel I've played enough to share my thoughts. I'll update this if/when I finish the game to update/finalize my thoughts. Here's what I feel right now.This game is fantastic. It really captures NES-style fun, platforming and frustration.- PROS -- Great art direction; I really like the look of the backgrounds and characters.- Great understanding of contrasting colors. Oftentimes a cool color will be in the background and a warm in the foreground (or vice versa ). Really makes the game pop (so many games get this wrong. It's great to see it done well here).- Gameplay is fun and varied. The jump feels great too (not *fantastic*, but very good).- Wide variety of weapons and items to keep gameplay from becoming bland.- Really good music. When I entered a certain area - I had to pause for a second and just listen to it. It sounded *very* familiar (I'll leave it at that). Once I got the reference, it made me grin from ear to ear.- Lots of cute, interesting nods to other games (Mega Man, Castlevania, etc.).- Interesting, challenging boss battles. I hate boss battles that are *just* long. Here they're challenging and varied - but not too long once you get the pattern down. That's cool.- CONS -- It took me a while to get used to the screen transition. In Super Metroid, The Binding of Issac (or a host of other games  - Shovel Knight, even) when you enter a new screen, the character pauses and slides across the screen as the new area is introduced. It helps to keep everything clear: here is the character; here is a new area. In 'Castle in the Darkness' the new screen just kinda pops into existence. Then it takes me a half-second to find where the character is. I have to admit that I found it rather jarring for the first few screens. I got used to it...and this may not affect everyone - but just thought I'd mention it here.- No map system - and the game is HUGE. I may have to break out some graph paper and draw my own...- (As far as I know) No 'current objective' slide to look at. So, if you put this game down for a week and come back you would be COMPLETELY lost.- 'One-hit kill' spikes abound.-NOTES-It has to be mentioned (as I'm sure you've read in other reviews) - this game is *hard*. I think I have over 300 deaths already. It's cool, though - having a blast doing it. What's important to note is that this game uses a design philosophy that some players may not like - what I call ""playing from save point to save point"". It reminded me of a saying I hadn't thought of in years - ""It's not real until you save."" Beat a boss? Go back and save. Got a new item? Go back and save. Unlocked a secret room that's really cool and you want to explore it? For the love of all that is good GO BACK AND SAVE YOUR GAME. This is not a game where you run carelessly past save points as you vanquish foes with ease. This is a game where you jump for joy at save points, thank them for existing, give them a huge hug and kiss and then step cautiously into the next room. I grew up on games like this, so I understand this design philosophy - but I can see how others could see this as annoying or grindy.Also, as I get further into the game, the amount of 'one-hit kills' (i.e. spikes) seems to be increasing exponentially. I hope the endgame is not just jumping through like thirty rooms filled with spikes - and if you slip up and touch ONE of them - you gotta go all the way back to the beginning. I mean, Super Meat Boy has one-hit kills as well - but that game has a super-fast reload time and no level is more than one screen long. That level of difficulty in this metroidvania structure would NOT work well. I hope that doesn't happen. >_<- OVERALL -So far, I'm really enjoying the game. Great NES-style action and great music. If you love platformers and you're ready for a challenge, I say pick it up (it's less than $5!). If you want something light to beat in a weekend, though...this may not be for you. I, however, am thoroughly enjoying it and look forward to seeing what other craziness the game has to offer (and I've seen some crazy rooms in it already). I hope I'm able to finish it. *fingers crossed*------------------------------------------------------------------------------ UPDATE -THOUGHTS: 02.08.2015I just beat the game with 90% completion (this took a little over 18 hours) and wanted to share my final thoughts.'Castle in the Darkness' is wonderful. It truly is an engaging, challenging gem of a game. It surprised me how new enemies kept showing up right up until the end of the game. I was like, ""This game is STILL introducing new enemies?!"" Love it.All of my thoughts above still apply and I was impressed that right through to the end, it's was an incredible experience. Also, Matt Kap (the developer) is still fixing things and making the game the best that it can be. Much respect for that!So, in the end, 'Castle in the Darkness' is VERY much recommended.Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to explore a bit more and see if I can get 100% completion. Cheers! :)------------------------------------------------------------------------------ UPDATE -THOUGHTS: 02.17.2015Now I've beaten the game at 100% completion! Hurray! *does a little happy dance*http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994686280/screenshots/?appid=262960"
,Recommended,262960,23222790,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,#NV,"'They were all defeated by the monsters. All… but one!'Intro of Castle in the Darkness__________________________________________Introduction'Castle in the Darkness' is a revival of oldschool action-adventure platformers full of tough bosses and hellish platformer sequences. It takes many ideas from the classics of the different genres (e.g. from the Metroid Games, Castlevania III, Ghosts 'n Goblins, Mega Man…) mixes in some interesting new elements and spices the whole dish up with some RPG elements, tons of secrets and a lot of Easter Eggs. The result is a quite tough cookie of a retro-metroidvania that is probably not the healthiest choice - neither for your controller/keyboard nor for your nerves (sometimes it will make you swear so much that even a pub full of sailors would be impressed).__________________________________________GameplayAs the only survivor of the Royal Guard it is your duty to save the Kingdom of Alexandria from attacking monsters (and of course you need to save the princess as well). So you start running and jumping through the levels, armed with a sword, an armor and some magic while looking for treasures and secrets to make your journey easier. Which is quite necessary as the game’s difficulty curve jumps up quite fast and soon you have to face scary platforming sequences and unfriendly creatures. However as spikes kill you instantly (and the architect of the kingdom decided to put them nearly EVERYWHERE) they will probably be your toughest enemies and the stuff your nightmares are made of.Often it‘s a wise decision to backtrack and look for different ways and areas aside from the main path that you may have missed before. (Luckily there are some Warp points which allow teleportation between several major stages.)The amount of secrets and optional stuff is huge and if you look closely you can find lots of breakable walls, hidden entrances, fake spikes, optional areas and bosses and items to e.g. increase your health. Many of them are quite well hidden but aside from (more or less obvious) breakable blocks there are several hints to less obvious areas, secrets and abilities – keeping your eyes out in the levels is definitly recommended.Befitting the oldschool-charm of 'Castle in the Darkness‘ the game comes with good oldschool 8-bit graphics and an (amazing!) 8-bit soundtrack that may bring out some nostalgic feels (- well, at least if you are not mad at some particular spikes and areas in the game).__________________________________________ContraIf you plan on finding all the secrets and getting all hidden items and stuff you will need some extra hours after finishing the game and it will bring you straight to some nightmarish jumping sections and plattforming areas where you have to start over and over and over and over… again. (At least it rewards you with a secret ending and a NG+ with additional stuff for completing the game 100%).Always keep in mind: After dying a lot of times the amount of happiness when you finally suceed is way much sweeter:'Great I finally got the last page from the Book of  the Dead so now I can go back to the safe poin-…""Here lies…Died 0000560 times.“(…oh crap, I forgot about ceiling falling spikes.)You and this little counter on the death screen will become pretty good friends because you will meet each other very often.There’s an achievement for dying 500 times. If you want to finish the game at 100% you probably won’t even need suiciding to accumulate this amount of deaths. In the end it said I died 560 times – mostly to spikes I guess.Yes it can be very frustrating and even if you're used to challenging titles and tough sequences, you will probably end in hating the game or at least some areas as much as you like other parts. Ragequitting the game after dying for the 18th time on an area, isn't that uncommon. One or two additional save points in tough sections would really have been a blessing and could have ended in letting more of my nerves survive the journey.__________________________________________ConclusionIf you expect a difficult little retro-platforming action-adventure with some RPG elements 'Castle in the Darkness‘ will entertain you a lot, providing enough content for at least ~6 hours (for the 'regular bad‘ ending) while balancing between motivation and frustration. I rate it 8 out of 10 points and can say that it’s a great little game for the common ~5 bucks in a sale. However, if you're used to difficult games and you have no problems repeating same areas a lot, the game will be funnier for you compared with those who normally tend to choose 'Easy Mode'This endorsement approved byThe Reviewers' Union, providing better standards for reviews and reviewers."
,Recommended,262960,14337516,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,europa,"I was born in 1985 and, because of that, I had the chance to play most of the great games that came out during the ""Golden Age"". Castle in the Darkess just gives me that well-known feel we old farts love so much — I would totally see myself playing this game for hours back in 1991 on my SEGA Master System II. Savegames didn't even exist back then. Good thing this game has them, because you're going to die quite a lot.Art style is gorgeous (no♥♥♥♥♥♥ Matt Kap = Isaac Rebirth visuals); the music is on-point (gotta love dem chiptunes mang), and the game offers good mechanics even by just making use of two buttons. The old times are back!Oh, it's also discounted by 17% 'til February 12th. That's less than 5€. Go buy it."
,Recommended,262960,14342645,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Cross,"I think Castle in the Darkness (herein referred to as just ""Castle"") is proof of a few things:-You shouldn't judge a book by its cover (or a game by its trailer in this case)-There are certain gaming staples that needed to die long ago-You get what you pay for-A ""Neutral"" option for reviews would be really niceI'll get this one out of the way first. Yes, Castle IS fun. But it's the kind of fun that needs to come with a few asterisks (more on that later). The game has a very simple charm to it that transcends words. Movement and attacking are quick and fluid. Enemies are nicely varied, if a little arbitrary at times, and fighting them is engaging enough. Bosses are equally varied (and there's quite a few of them!), virtually no boss (from what I've played so far) is remotely like any other, and it's fun trying to figure out their patterns and how to take them down, though I would argue that perhaps they aren't spaced out very well. Sometimes it seems like you're fighting a boss every 5 rooms, other times you're wondering if the area has a boss at all.You start with basic equipment (short sword, basic armor) and gain more as you explore the world. These include various weaponry (of course), better armor, various magic (used by holding Attack to charge), relics which offer passive benefits (break certain blocks, keep traction on ice, etc), and Life increases (dropped by bosses). Some equipment you must buy from various NPC's, requiring you to keep on top of collecting all the coins that enemies drop.It is cool to explore the world and gain an arsenal of equipment, but I can't help but feel that it's also a bit superfluous at the same time. The game seems to be designed so that enemies' strength is pretty much always on par with your own, so why even put in all the stat and weapon upgrades if they never add to your power relative to the enemies'? There are a few exceptions; entering Ruth's Hall at the first possible moment is essentially suicide, but then, why even bother letting me enter at all until I'm further along in the game?The story is relatively vague, or perhaps a better word would be loose. What's there isn't bad. But at the same time, it's not really what you're there for. Playing Castle for the story is somewhat akin to playing Mario Bros. or Dota 2 for the story.Now for what I didn't like. While the action is fun, the platforming is not. It's flat out frustrating. Well, the platforming itself isn't strictly bad, it's platforming around all the stuff that instantly kills you that's maddening. There's something about the way the Protagonist jumps that just feels off. It's so close to perfect that it's maddening, but it's not quite there. As I hinted above, the developer seems to have an insatiable crush on spikes that instantly kill you, and traps that instantly kill you. I'm going to reckon the vast majority of any players deaths will be to some form of instant-kill environmental hazard. Actually, there were times I forgot I had a life meter at all. In one room, there's a rugged series of steps with a single spike on one of them, and the spike blends into the background really well. In fact, the first time I passed through that room, being somewhat focused on the enemies, I missed it by chance, and had no idea it was even there. The second time through that room, it killed me (I hadn't even seen it until it did so), and I seriously considered uninstalling the game and never playing it again.But the absolute worst thing about this game are the blocks that break when you step on them. You can (and in most cases MUST) hold Jump to gain extra height as you jump on these blocks to reach whatever destination you're striving for, generally this is ""ground that doesn't have instant-kill spikes coming out of it"". Which is fine and all. Except for one tiny detail: these blocks look the exact same as every other block. If a block serves a different function from a standard block, it should look different. I'm no game designer, but that seems like a basic. What we have here results in a very I Wanna Be The Guy-esque trial-and-error experience. And it's not like IWBTG, where it's so absurd it's actually funny, it's straight-up frustrating, unfair, and terribly designed. The game is withholding information from you.The final thing about Castle that bugs the hell out of me is its sense of humor. Before I go any further on that, I have to kinda explain what I mean. See, there's a difference between making a subtle, clever nod or shout-out to something, and just pointing at something, saying it exists, and that by merely confirming its existence branding yourself as a comedic genius. And what Castle seems to love to point at is none other than Zelda 2 (and to a lesser extent Zelda in general, and a few other games), but it's not pointing at it, it's just quoting it verbatim, and at the same time portraying Link as (just to avoid having to ask everyone to pardon my French) a sadistic jerk, and even then it was a one-time joke that added nothing to the game. There comes a point where I'd rather a developer just not make any nods to other video games at all, and Castle has crossed that point and then some.At the end of the day, yes, Castle is fun, but this is coming from someone who had the patience to finish Demon's Souls. My recommendation must come with the caveat that if you're not okay with dying a ton, or just dying unfairly in general, then you probably won't like this game. My recommendation must also come with the caveat that I have not beaten it yet. Perhaps I'll have a more definite stance on the game once I do, but even though there's a simple charm in Castle that keeps pulling me in, there's also the game's unrefined platforming pushing me away."
,Not Recommended,262960,14872034,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Starman,"I wonder how long it will be when we will be able to have another pixel-perfect, tough-as-nails platformer that isn't just a homage-fest. This game isn't it. I want to let it be known that before I wrote this review, I did in fact 100% everything in the game as far as percentage and achievements go. So this isn't a case of a salty review. I wish to inform people what this game IS and what this game ISN'T:What this game IS:-More of the same. It has more in similarity with I wanna be the Guy then a game like Meat Boy for example. Right down to all the other video game references and ideas it shamelessly borrows from.  Even down to the trial and error methods of tackling levels.What this game ISN'T:-It is NOT a metroid vania. Not even loosely. Just because a game has powerups and backtracking does not make it a metroid-vania. It doesn't even have a MAP.Most of the game, and I do mean the vast majority is backtracking. If you take nothing else from this review, understand my hatred of backtracking is absolutely immense. To add insult to injury, in a game where maneuvarability is paramount, your double jump ability is kept from you until around the first third of the game has passed. You will encounter a ton of areas that will require that double jump to uncover the secrets. That is probably the most laziest way to hinder progression. It shows not a lot of thought or care was put into actually creating a world worth exploring but instead wanted to pad the game as much as possible with backtracking. To make matters worse, the warp zones are put in the absolute worst positions, you will become lost for a good majority of the game, and al lthis does is add time to the clock but nothing is getting done. That is inexcusable for a game that came out in 2015.and I know what you are going to say, ""but Starman! Super Metroid is one of the best games ever with a similar grab the powerups to open new areas game, it had a lot of backtracking too!"" Ok first off, Super Metroid was THE game that ""metroid-vania"" was based off and for good reason. You wanna know why it holds up to this day? It created interesting powerups. It created interesting beam combinations. It created an environment you wanted to explore. It had so many powerups and collectibles for it's time that it offered a much more fulfilling sense of accomplishment. It also didn't rely on cheap trial and error segments to pad the game for length.""But, But castlevania! Symphony of the night! It was the -vania part of metroid! it did similar things!"" Not even comparable. Castlevania: SOTN was more like Metroid, but built upon the idea with a huge array of secrets, weapons, spells, and other things. Also, NG+ allowed you to play as other characters and the like.To even COMPARE this game to a metroid-vania is an absolute lie. Don't even. First third of game is playing crippled, the last 2/3's is backtracking and getting lost, and dying at segments where there are 4-5 screens before your next save point.So, why did I play this game to completion? I clearly HATED the game right? No. I didn't hate the game.  The fact is, the game's core gameplay has proven itself to be rewarding, as most of these platformers tend to do. My issue is that the game took the lazy, cheap way out of dealing with things. It has no identity for itself. It's just some frankenstein monster of other game's great ideas hindered by lazy development and shoddy ""HAY GAIZ, REMEMBER THIS FROM [this game]?""I want new, unique titles. You can have your trial and error pixel perfect jumps. But stop trying to be every other game.and if you really want to create a metroid-vania, CREATE, a genuine metroid-vania experience. Not this."
76561197993891197,Not Recommended,262960,26424094,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,CtrlAltDestroy,"Before I start tearing into this game, I need to give it credit for its good aspects. Castle in the Darkness has an awesome soundtrack, good pixel art, and decent controls. Every area of the game has a fantastic atmosphere thanks to its color scheme, environment design, and especially music. There are a many humorous NES references that are sure to make you smile (although they rarely amount to more than just references). If you play fake retro games mainly for their stylistic appeal, this one’s probably worth it.The gameplay, on the other hand, is all over the place. The stage design, difficulty, and progression curve are stunningly sloppy in ways I’ve never seen before.For starters, Castle in the Darkness can’t decide whether it wants to be a legitimate Metroidvania or a kaizo trap game. The game immediately makes it very clear that it expects you to die hundreds if not thousands of times, thanks to a six-figure death counter on the Game Over screen, and also thanks to some kaizo traps placed in the very first area. I hate kaizo traps, but I admit that they have their place – they’re like jokes at your expense, with a clever setup and a punchline, and a perfect kaizo trap will make you say “damn, good one” even as you smash your keyboard in rage. With games like I Wanna Be the Guy, the appeal of the game is just getting to see how creative all the traps are, and with games like La-Mulana, they create a sense of tension that encourages you to keep a close eye on your surroundings and be wary of every move you make. In this game, they are neither; they mainly consist of spikes falling on you from offscreen, spike traps placed immediately after a screen transition, and unmarked crumbling platforms. They appear to serve no purpose other than inflating your death count and making the game’s other problems look better in comparison.One of these problems is that most of the game’s “difficulty” hinges on the game poorly conveying its own basic rules and forcing you to learn them through trial and error. For example, here are just afewof my biggest complaints:Near the beginning of the game, there is a Mario pipe with a sign in front of it warning you not to enter the pipe. You’d think, “haha, cute,” but that’s not the joke – the real joke is that, unlike regular Mario pipes, this one has an invisible lip on the entrance which makes it difficult to jump over, and also unlike Mario pipes, the top isn’t solid – if you try to stand on it, you’ll just fall in. If you die to this trap, it wasn’t because the trap was clever, but because the game intentionally made you misunderstand its own physics. Had it behaved like a typical Mario pipe, it would have been a funny ""Do-I-or-don't-I"" gag, but they somehow messed it up.There are two different types of crumbling floors with different physics, each of which could be marked the same way or not marked at all, and there's no way of telling them apart aside from trial and error.After introducing NPCs and teaching you to talk to them by walking into them, the game introduces an enemy which looks like an NPC, which deals contact damage to you as it talks to you.Most bosses lock you in the room with an invisible door. In one late-game boss room, the invisible door closes above what looks to be a standable ledge, and if you try to jump onto it you’ll bump and fall into a spike pit.As the xkcd comic says, “Communicating badly and then acting smug when you’re misunderstood is not cleverness.” It honestly feels like the game designer didn’t feel like changing a lot of the sloppy design, and just added a bunch of intentionally unfair kaizo traps to mask them.When the game eases up on the kaizo traps, and it starts to be enjoyable as a Metroidvania game underneath. Problem is, it’s a very bland Metroidvania. While the environments themselves are fantastic, there are no unique or interesting mechanics. You have your choices of armor and weapons (most of which become useless halfway into the game, as they just aren’t powerful enough). You have your most basic upgrades like double-jumping. You collect money to buy items, but merchants are very rare and most of the time you have no idea what you’re even saving up for. Save points are almost never placed after boss encounters, so you will usually have to backtrack through the previous area to save your game after beating a boss, or push forward into unexplored territory and risk getting caught by a kaizo trap. Also, there is no map system at all.The combat is very badly balanced. The game likes to make you use pathetically weak weapons, then hands you something overpowered which lets you plough through the enemies like butter. Then it introduces damage sponge enemies which make your weapons weak again, and the cycle repeats. You never feel like you’re honing your skill since you’re always using something that’s so powerful it requires no skill, or so weak that no amount of skill can help you. It makes no attempt to find that “sweet spot” where winning feels like something within your control that you accomplished of your own accord. The New Game+ does change up the mechanics in some interesting ways, but it relies on power creep more than ever.Castle in the Darkness should have a strong appeal to fans of the retro aesthetic – it looks good, it sounds good, and it controls well. But as Metroidvania ridden with unfunny kaizo traps, lazy design, and power creep problems, it felt unsatisfying. I give it a 5.5 / 10.Interestingly, the game includes some of its own old E3 demos. A few of them, especially the earliest E3 demo, were a blast! They seem like completely different games, and make me wonder where they went – I would have liked to play a version of Castle in the Darkness which stuck to its original intentions."
,Recommended,262960,17713426,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Caomhainn,"Developer: Matt KappPublisher: NicalisRelease Date: 5 February, 2015Let me start of by saying that Matt Kapp, the Lead Artist behindThe Binding of Isaac: Rebirthdeveloped this beauty and Nicalis,Cave Story+, published it. A match made in heaven.Boy this game got me hooked. So hooked that I like to call itCastle In Le Dankness. Don’t judge me. Anyway the game’s as advertized:It’s super fast-paced, challenging, and full of secrets!And that’s true folks. There’s just so much to explore and to find.Tons of references are just waiting for you behind fake spikes, walls and breakable walls of course. A huge bonus if you’ve played likeMario,The Legend of Zelda,MetroidorCastlevaniasince this game really has a ton of references for those games.Also I do recommend to check out the options menu before you’re starting to die … I mean play this game for hours.That being said let’s get into it!StoryOne dark and gloomy night, the kingdom of Alexandria is attacked by an evil sorcerer and his army of darkness! Despite their best efforts to protect the king and their princess, the royal guard falls one-by-one, to the forces of evil. One knight, unconscious but still alive, awakens on the throne room floor to find that the princess is nowhere to be seen! What're more, the entire city has been overrun by monsters! With sword in hand, he embarks on a death-defying mission to find his princess and restore peace to the kingdom!https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=484015863Now that’s the story. One thing to note is that you’re not your everyday hero. You’re not the chosen one nor the Warrior of Light fighting the Darkness.You’re just a mere Knight doing your duty: Rescuing your Princess.GameplayWelcome back to the, how I like to call it, golden age of gaming. This game is heavily inspired by games likeCastlevaniaand you’ll notice that in the way the game works. But not onlyCastlevaniapretty much of every game it has references off.One thing I have to tell you right now is: You will die. Not just once. Not twice. Be prepared to die a lot. I’ve finished the game with 305 Deaths. Is that a bad thing? Not it isn’t. To be quite honest with you I had a blast dying countless of times mainly because of my own stupidity. Well I say my own stupidity but that’s not quite true. The thing is the game has so many ways to make you visit theGame OverScreen numerous times. Be it a switch that activates some spikes beneath you, which will instantly kill you by the way or this weird and accurate jump you’ve to do just to get some stuff. Some levels have ice on the ground so you’ll slide slowly but surely into your death and others have strong winds which will send you straight to your Death.Not to mention some enemies have specific weakpoints and attacking those is the only way to actually hurt and defeat them.The game does feature upgrades in form of Weapons such as different Swords, Boomerangs or an Axe. Also different types of Armors which will help you on your quest to rescue your Princess.Not to mention magic. You can either throw aHadoukenerr I mean a Fireball or summon the winds to slash your enemies into pieces.Also there’s another reference including asimplesword and anaturearmor. Just to give a small hint.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=484949936If you’re fighting a Boss then timing is your best friend as well as choosing the right weapon and magic.Another thing to point out is that the game’s all about platforming. Precise jumping and timing will be required to get through the game.Secrets. Did I tell you that there areliterally dozensof it in the game?VisualFine and beautiful Pixel Art. I already pointed out to actually check out the options menu before you’re playing for one simple reason: Scanlines. In my opinion adding Scanlines to the game makes look just so much better but then again it could just be me.The difference level just look awesome. The whole game just has a gorgeous Art Style.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=485556842AudioHere comes the real beauty. There’s an optional Area calledSunken Templeand this is the OST:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eu3q98JzuYoI found myself running through the entire Area three timesafterI cleared it just because of this track.The gorgeous art style and the beautifully crafted Sound for each Area just fit.TakeTorture Chamberfor example. Once you reach it you’ll truly understand what I mean.There are more of course but I don’t want to spoil you all the fun.Might just be me but if the OST would be available to buy it’d be an Insta Buy for me.What else is there to say?Castle InLe DanknessThe Darknessis a game filled with Nostalgia.I tried to not go into that but I can’t help it. It’s not only because of all those References but just the overall game. The look, feel, gameplay … Just everything reminds you of theGolden Ageof gaming. Be it the enemies, the Bosses or just some items. Nearly everything reminds you of games likeCastlevaniaorThe Legend of Zeldaand many more. I can’t go and list all of the games since it’s just way too much.Dying was fun. I grinned so often when I found myself dying because I missed a jump or activated a trap to kill myself … numerous times.I seriously had a blast dying and I couldn’t stop playing it.I actually go as far as to say thatCastle In The Darknessis theShovel Knightof 2k15.We need more games like this and I truly hope we will see some more in the future."
,Not Recommended,262960,18348060,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Audish,"I wanted to like this game so much.And I did, too, for about three hours. Castle in the Darkness is an unapologetic love-letter to the 8-bit era of gaming, both in aesthetic and challenge. You play a peppy little knight who is the sole survivor of a curse that took hold of your castle. It's up to you to explore every corner of the kingdom to find all the gear and doodads you need to save the princess, and there is a LOT to find. The game is most like Simon's Quest if you ever played that. It's a side-scroller where the stages are stitched together into a continuous world, full of side paths and secrets. There's no map, but the level design is mostly direct enough that you should have no trouble navigating.It's important to note that Castle holds nothing back in its fanatical adoration for the NES era. Enemies are pulled right from Metroid, Castlevania, Gargoyle's Quest, and even stuff like 8 Eyes and Magic of Scheherazade. Also in line with the bygone days of gaming is the challenge. The difficulty ramps up quickly, with enemies doing huge chunks of damage to you and more and more insta-kill spikes making appearances. Finding better weapons, armor, and spells can mitigate the former, but the latter will quickly become the bane of your existence.There's no getting around it, sadly. Unless you're the kind of person who got Impossible Boy in Super Meat Boy, you're going to reach a point where the difficulty becomes too much. Mine was right at the end of the game, when I discovered that the final boss would take almost five minutes to kill and could kill me in maybe five hits. I started looking for more secrets that could help mitigate this, and got through an insane gauntlet of spikes and collapsing floors to find an even harder boss. As much as I (mostly) enjoyed the journey there, reaching that point of frustration and defeat soured me on the entire game. I really want to be able to recommend Castle in the Darkness, but I wouldn't want anyone else to suffer that same heartbreak."
,Not Recommended,262960,29079523,Posted: 6 January,all,Luprii,"There are two kinds of difficult. One is based on the game challenging you while teaching you and giving you a chance, the other is about being cheap and unforgiving. While this game has good moments of the former, it is inundated with far too much of the latter. Ten minutes of hard-won effort lost to a spike trap isn't a learning experience, it's a time sink.I wanted more Castlevania and less I Wanna Be the Guy."
,Not Recommended,262960,29667701,Posted: 3 February,all,peremptor,The game shows some promise as a competent action plat but it sticks so close to archaic gaming design tropes that it renders it too much of a chore to play through for me at least.It does bring back some old school memories of back in the day when your parents would buy you any garbage game that had a nifty cover like Ikari Warriors 3 for the NES and you'd just play that for far too long that any human should be subjected to anything that awful because you where so bored of playing through your old games even watching paint dry on the screen would be something that you'd give an honest go for a while because... I was too stupid not to play videogames.I still am but I'm spoiled for choice nowadays so suck it. I'm gonna go play something else. Way more enjoyable games in this genre on steam to bother with this one.
,Recommended,262960,17503836,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Whydoyoubark,"A wonderful choice for all of you who seek a challenging oldschool platformer with many nods towards the 2D classics.IT IS HARD, PAINFUL AND FRUSTRATING AS HELL.Brilliant, I need more!"
,Recommended,262960,14339990,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Jawpz,"Non-linear map designs, fun boss battles and rewarding game play. Heavily influenced by classic games such as the first few Castlevania games and Zelda 2. Lots of secrets to unlock and lots of paths to take. You can unlock new weapons and armour as you progress to increase your attack power and make less health taken when you are hit and like Zelda when you defeat a boss you will recieve a max HP increase.Be warned : This game has a high difficulty and requires a large patience."
76561198028049202,Recommended,262960,20401053,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Kupo Games,"I loved this game but also hated it at the same time, so I should get this out of the way first: It's incredibly hard. There's tons of spikes and backtracking and cryptic secrets. If you're not the kind of person who can finish all the levels in something like Super Meat Boy, you'll probably rage-quit this game at some point.Castle in the Darkness is all about re-living the days of NES games. The visual and gameplay style is based on games like Zelda 2, Castlevania, Faxanadu, and the like, and there's countless references to other NES games too. If you grew up playing those games, you'll get crazy enjoyment from finding all of the hidden easter eggs in this.There's tons of cool bosses, secrets, pretty good music, and overall a great sense of exploration. While the difficulty will rightly put a lot of people off, I also feel it adds a lot to the experience, and it wouldn't be an authentic NES game without it. I eventually completed it 100%, but it was a very punishing experience!"
,Recommended,262960,32695016,Posted: 23 June,all,-[FF]- Pendleton,"A pretty good little game that reminds me of Shovel Knight, albeit simpler in design but worth  a buy."
,Not Recommended,262960,23897071,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Fnord,"This is a frustrating game. And I don't mean that as in ""it's frustrating to play"" (though it is), but it's frustrating because it gets so close to being something I would recommend, yet does some things so wrong that I just have to give it a negative review.Graphics & soundThe game looks intentionally dated, with graphics that almost look like they could belong on an NES (but not quite). There's some good spritework here, with enemies & characters that look really nice. Bosses in particular can look really nice.But there's some issues with the colour palette. Some enemies share colour with the background, making them needlessly hard to spot. Game designers, please don't use exactly the same colour for the ground & enemies.The soundtrack is nice and upbeat. It sounds like something that could be from an NES game, and if it was, it would probably have been remembered fondly by a lot of people. Overall, the sound design works really well, despite some intentional limitations imposed on it.GameplayCastle in the Darkness is a metroidvania-ish game, with a large maze-like world that you have to traverse, a bit like the first Metroid or Castlevania 2. Your character moves at a really high speed, and has a relatively long attack for being a ""melee"" focused game. Combat is fast and lethal, most enemies can't take a lot of hits, and neither can you.When things work, when enemy placement is good, when bosses are well designed, it's really quite fun. You constantly need to be on your toes, as only a few hits will send you back to the last save point. Even early on the game is no cakewalk.But then there are the times when the game does not work. I guess the game designers though it would be a fun joke to have a pipe with instant death spikes at the bottom, but having such things in your game just discourages exploration (and this is trying to be a metroidvania). Then there are issues with hitboxes. Usually games will err on the side of making the hitboxes too generous to the player, because if it's the other way around the game can easily just feel cheap. This game errs on the other side, making attacks that look like they would have hit miss. There's also issues with the size of hitboxes changing. Early on there's a boss who has a sword. It has a swing animation, the problem is that it's entirely possible to be hit by the sword attack at the start of the swing animation, when the boss raises the sword above its head, because you were standing a sword length from the boss. Had the attack hit you at the end of the swing animation, then things would have been as they should have been, but it seems like the swing animation makes the hitbox extend both up and forward through the entire animation, rather than having the hitbox be where the sword is during that particular part of the animation.Enemy placement can also be unfair. If you need to jump down, and can't see where you're landing at the start of the jump, then there should not be an enemy that can hit you on the platform you're landing on. This just results in cheap, unavoidable hits.Final thoughtsCastle in the Darkness is game that should have been good. All the ingredients are there for an enjoyable game, but due to issues with level design and hitboxes, it's not enjoyable. Also, the game loves references. They're just thrown in there, with little care for if they fit in or not. There's a Mario pipe, an enemy that looks like a colour swapped enemy from Ghosts 'n Goblins, a gate that just so happens to look like the one from the intro to the first Castlevania, a boss that looks like the plant from Little shop of horrors, and so on. The haphazardly thrown in references just makes the game lose any personality. It's not clever, they are just things from other things. References can be done well, but they are best used as Easter eggs, not as something that you constantly barrage the player with."
76561198084653358,Recommended,262960,32629937,Posted: 21 June,all,ProtoAA1,"This game loves to take you by the balls with rusty pliars and twist them so hard that they just pop off with large amount of blood everywhere. Other than that, Castle in the Darkness is a fun game filled with great music, interesting boss fights, many secrets, lots of references, plenty of spells/items/weapons/armor and way too many beginer traps. Have fun in Kaizo land."
76561198028261812,Recommended,262960,31935580,Posted: 24 May,all,viktorhallo,"a very good 2d game. alot like castlevania sotn. it got everythinbg- great music- tons of bosses, ranging from very easy to very hard- open metroidvania map- graphics is not too hot, alot like a nes game. but game is still amazing tho,.."
,Recommended,262960,14495332,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Helios Leinheart,"In terms of graphics and retro gameplay, Castle in the Darkness sets a high standard of quality that any developers attempting this type of game should strive to achieve. However, I've noticed a lot of people complaining that the one-hit kill spikes are a detriment to the game. I'm here to set the record straight and offer a new opinion. The one-hit kill spikes are integral to keeping Castle in the Darkness engaging and consistently enjoyable. Explanation commence.There are spikes in Super Metroid that don't kill you in one hit should you fall into them from time to time. Therefore, avoiding these spikes offers little sense of acomplishment as they were only a minor obstacle. The same goes for Castlevania: Symphony of the Night. While the spikes in SotN may cause a hefty amount of damage, they still do not kill in one hit. Thus the sense of acomplishment is only marginally greater.In Castle in the Darkness, there are spikes littered throughout every level in sporadic patterns that often challenge you to alter your normal jumping strategy. Every time you jump over a spike, you just traversed something that has such a serious ramification as killing you, and that gives you a sense of acomplishment. If spikes merely chipped away a bit of health, then their weight as a threat would be completely dissipated. Not to mention the challenge of many of the game's rooms would be invalidated.One-hit kill spikes keep you on your toes. They keep you from getting complacent and bored. Thus they keep you engaged and having fun. Dying ten times on a particularly difficult spike room only makes it all the more invigorating when you finally traverse the obstacle that you have been struggling with and claim your reward.If you would like to know all the other reasons this game is amazing and should be purchased at the very low asking price, check out any of the other splendid reviews from fans. I just wanted to take a moment to explain how what many believe is a fault of the game is actually a strength in my opinion."
76561198038383413,Not Recommended,262960,17183277,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Proven Paradox,"I really wanted to keep playing the first session. After I walked away, I realised I never wanted to see this game again.The problem is the checkpoint system. Once you're past the first area it becomes really, really punishing. Multiple times in the first three hours I played, I'd come to a situation where I'd go through a difficult platforming segment, encounter a cutscene (which for some reason I couldn't skip; that seemed super inconsistent), then a boss battle, and then have to go through ANOTHER platforming section before getting another checkpoint. Death at any point meant going back to the start, including having to watch the cutscene again. In the end it was just not fun anymore."
,Recommended,262960,14358344,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Cam,"When I first saw this game I thought it was going to be just another pixel platformer with ""OMG ZANY MAYMAYS"" and references from here to hell and back.  I was pleasantly surprised when I actually bought it and played it.The controls are really solid, even if it feels the characters moves a bit too fast at times.  Attacking and jumping are simple enough to do and are all you really need in the grand schema of things.The difficulty I feel is just right.  Yeah, it's hard, but it's plenty fair, and while savepoints are the only healing they're spread out nicely -- not too far apart, not so close to make it a cakewalk.  It makes you work to better yourself rather than to let you bulldoze through everything, which I can greatly appreciate.The sound and graphics are right up my alley, as I've always loved the bleeps and bloops of chiptunes since I was a kid, and the pixel art is honestly very pleasant to look at.  Every area has a unique atmosphere as well, which really adds to a game like this.My only problem is that you can't use a controller to pause or exit to the main menu.  This is easily remedied with third-party software, but it'd be nice to see it natively supported.All in all I feel I spent my money well, and have no regrets.  I look forward to playing more in the future and unlocking everything this gem has to offer."
,Recommended,262960,17661057,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Celtic7Guardian,"I am a huge Metroidvania fan, so when I saw this game on a Livestream, I was eager to get it. It was definitely worth picking up. While I got it on sale, the full cost of $6 is a more than reasonable price for it. It is not flawless, but it is a lot of fun.The storyline is nothing special. The kingdom is overrun by monsters, you are the only guard left to save them. The end. Oh and I guess there's a frog knight or something. It's enough of a tale to tell you what your goals are and why you are adventuring, and that is really all it needs.The gameplay is what the focus is on. Let me clarify that the controls are fair, but the level design is not always going to be fair. During your first playthrough, unless you are being very careful the entire time, it is inevitable that you will have spikes fall out of nowhere to kill you. Spikes in general will be your worst enemy. Monsters will very rarely kill you, given that save points restore your health, as do warp points. But spikes are instant death, and they are everywhere. Get used to that death jingle; odds are that you will be hearing it a lot. On the bright side, there is an achievement for it, so embrace being killed many times!It is likely that a lot of people have already expressed this problem, but I'm going to beat the dead horse and say it anyway. The biggest issue is that the save points are spread out horribly. At the beginning, you will find a save point every few screens. This is nice for beginning players. However, as you get further into the game, they become more and more scarce. Yet even then, you are unlikely to die to monsters. So the lack of healing points is not making the game much more difficult. The huge, glaring flaw with this is that it provides difficulty through frustration.Here is a prime example. As I write this review, I am on the final level of the game. There are at least seven screens between one save point and another, probably more. Yet I am stuck on that seventh screen. The other six are easy, and then I keep falling to my death due to an irritatingly-placed broken block. Now, if the save point was a screen away, or a few screens away, I would be happy to keep trying until I got through. But having to keep walking through the seven areas, some of which are a bit lengthy, gets extremely tedious. This is not legitimate difficulty. The only thing it makes me want to do is play something else so I don't smash my head into a wall from the same boring six screens.But otherwise? It's a great game. There are a lot of fun little references to other games, some of which I got and some that I didn't. The controls are good, even on a keyboard, which is what I have been playing with. I enjoyed most of the boss fights, and there is a lot to collect, which suits me just fine. It has a handful of achievements and some trading cards. It also has music that I personally like quite a bit. I also have never had the game crash on me, or any kind of terrible glitches, so that's always a plus.Overall, I recommend this game to anyone who likes the genre. Just be prepared for some frustration later on."
,Recommended,262960,28716119,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DanPCz,"In the beginning, I thought it was very frustrating and went through some unreasonable insta-kills and some unfair level design. The game is rather hard.But as I progressed, I got more involved with the abilities I found and the exploration of the map, a good throwback to the Metroidvania style of gameThere are many referecentes to old and classic games. Initially I was too frustrated about deaths to care. Especially when the game insists on showing me how many times I've died until then.  And ESPECIALLY when I unlocked ""Easy Mode"" when I reached 50 deaths. Seemed like the game was taunting me. This game is harder than it looks and this may work against it. In some games like the classic Megaman, Volgarr the Viking and Dark Souls, you expect the difficulty and the deaths, so you prepare yourself. Especially when you can notice that the following moments will be hard. But when you just run into the next screen and is surprised but insta-death spikes, it's simply frustrating. Although most of it must be on purpose, since it makes so many references to classics, many of which are known to be tough.Still, the game is enjoyable and fun once you stop caring about the deaths and accept the challenge and begin the exploration. There are many secrets and I think it's worth checking out, unless you dislike the classic style.I Just think the developers could have put a little more time into either:1) preparing the player psychologically for the hardships and deaths yet to comeor2) spend more time testing and analysing player behavior for the level design and enemy placement. In one of the rooms I arrived, I instantly saw an enemy coming towards me from the left. So, I went to the right. And what I find to the right are insta-death spikes. Back to the last checkpoint, it is.Overall, good job!"
,Recommended,262960,14400617,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Fatal Framerate,"9/10An amazing but often frustating game that every Metroidvania fan should own.Took me awhile to get into it. At first I was irritated with the mechanics and over-use of references, but it all grew on me. The thing with this is - it doesn't just have ""a lot"" of references, it's actually built on them. About 90% of the game is a reference to something, and almost nothing is original. Whether or not you like that is up to you, but it ended up giving the game personality in my opinion, where at first I felt like it made it devoid of any.It's not -just- difficult, either. The Dev straight up trolls you in some areas, and others the quick jumping and tough jump-height control can cause quite a few extra deaths. Can feel a bit slidey as well. You get more skilled with each death though, to the point where when you need to back-track you'll be thinking ""Oh, I thought this was hard? Psh."" It's a nice since of progression that you can't get from just leveling up. (You don't level up in this, just talking about other games.)I think it showed about 5 and a half hours for 100% for me, but it resets the timer if you die. I've spent atleast 18 hours wandering aroung looking for things. At 98%, I finally asked on the forums where to find a couple things. Although it doesn't have quite the depth/scope of SOTN, it's the first game in awhile that's come close to giving me that vibe.Anyway, I'm still wandering around in New Game+ even after 100%ing it. Love it."
76561198016392052,Not Recommended,262960,28129212,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Neil,A little too focused on spikes and instant death for my likes.
76561197996671323,Recommended,262960,29174302,Posted: 10 January,all,MugPal,"I've just completed this game. It is a fantastic metroidvania through and through. It is rich in content and very rewarding. It had me entertained for more than 30 hours. Jump, hitboxes and controller are all on point. Good leveldesign. Nice graphics and sound. People complaining about difficulty and learning curve belong to the CoD-generation. I think it's better than both Shovel Knight, Rogue Legacy and Axiom Verge. And I seriously loved those games. I bought it on an offer for 1 euro. Regular price is 4 euro. It's worth at least three times as much"
,Recommended,262960,20271469,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,megarust,"This metroidvania style game is closer to older castlevania games, and has a bit of megaman in it as well.  The platforming gets more and more punishing as you go, so if you are platformer shy I would seek another game.  Otherwise this is a very good metroidvania style game.  I'd love to see the same single developer go on to create more of these."
76561198088818452,Not Recommended,262960,16129310,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,luis1182,"My death count as of stopping this game was at 299, most of these deaths involving the many ways you can die on spikes.  This game lured me in with it's art style, retro charm, and solid music.  It's a great concept, a very polished attempt to recapture Simon's Quest.  And once you get over the initial learning curve--and it's a doozy--and actually start getting weapons and spells, the game's fun.Then it throws off the disguise and before you know it, you're knee deep in merciless precision platforming.  I tried my best to move on past the nightmarish, pointy labyrinth of the Torture Chamber.  But when an unseen ceiling spike fells on me for the umpteenth time after getting the already difficult to find book pages which then forces me to get it AGAIN, I start to realize I'm not having fun.  I was hoping for a fun action-adventure game, which I almost got.  However, in the end I got a game where the HP doesn't make anything in the face of deadly triangles.If you're a fan of frustration, and raising your blood-pressure, go for it.  As for me, I think I'll move on.  There are just aren't enough boss hearts.  At least the music and art were stellar."
,Recommended,262960,18464252,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,RamblingJosh,"I enjoyed this game a lot. It was basically exactly what I expected; a retro platformer / metroidvania with tight controls and fast action. The gameplay was a lot of fun, I sat down to play for an hour or two and ended up playing for 13. Although I would personally have preferred more save points, and I felt like I couldn't skip any of the scenes I wanted to, I would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,262960,24271707,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Emo_Girl_2006_xXx,"This game is a real gem.Hardcore, frustrating, challenging, but above all, really fun and engaging. Once I started playing, I had real trouble putting it down. I wanted to see the next power up, the next boss, the next ennemies.It's a really nice experience if you like hard platform games, and the ""metroidvania"" aspect is the icing on the cake."
,Recommended,262960,33196515,Posted: 3 July,all,Vaagur,"Castle in The Darkness is an RPG platformer with a very vast world. Sadly, it is truly unforgiving.I'll start this review right away by mentioning that the game is filled with insta-death spikes, traps and cheap mechanics. There are many instances in which you will kill a boss or complete a very hard platforming session only to be welcomed by a death-trap. There are even a few rooms in the game where you die as you enter the room/press a switch...Now, if you're still here after this, well congratulations, you might have just found your new game! Onto the good aspects of this game... First of all, the awesome, awesome soundtrack! It's a huge chiptune OST with very memorable songs and it is easy to see that the composer has spent a lot of time spent composing those! The graphics are very nicely done in a pixelart style.There's a bunch of items and weapons and armors to collect, most of them have special abilities and there's tons of secret rooms with game references and/or very powerful rewards. No one's playthrough will be the same for their first times. Speaking of this, one small piece of advice, without spoiling anything at all... When you get the double-jump powerup, please, be aware that you are able to reach a lot of new places in the old/new zones you will discover! I have personally almost reached the final boss with minimal gear as I was not finding new upgrades because I did not go back after getting the double-jump powerup!What more to say... well the game is very hard for once. There are many checkpoints, but rarely are they after boss-rooms! You can and will die a few times after beating bosses by going through difficult zones in order to find a checkpoint. They are quite sparce in the later parts of the game.Now, back to a bit of... displeasing things about the game. There are no mini-maps. Some secrets (which are required in order to 100% the game) are very, very hard to get as they require very specific methods. You need a lot of wit and puzzle-solving abilities and a good sense of observation and being good at deciphering text in order to get some of the best items.So overall, it is a very good game, albeit being rage-inducing due to cheap death mechanics... I would recommend this game to platformer adepts and people who enjoy a good retro challenge.As for the game length, obviously very dependant on skills, it takes a good 5 hours to complete the game. Around 10 hours if you want to complete the game with 100% achievements/items. More if you want to replay NG+ or the secrets levels that you unlock during the game."
76561198050088599,Recommended,262960,25107468,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,morbid237,Fantastic game. Highly recommended if you enjoy retro platformers. Some new school gamers might like it too because the controls are simple and it's relatively straight forward.
76561198022297704,Recommended,262960,30914583,Posted: 2 April,all,Shame,"A nice, little Metroidvania. Similar in difficulty and mechanics to their 1001 Spikes, but with a bit more depth and a couple a orders of magnitude less frustrating. If you enjoy needle games and its on sale, definitely would pick it up."
76561197979947734,Not Recommended,262960,29925740,Posted: 14 February,all,Volbia,"Starts out absolutely amazing, but by halfway through it becomes trolly, 3/4 of the way through the creator seems to have gotten bored and just started putting in I wanna be the guy like levels. 5-7+ screens with multiple near pixel perfect jumps, extremely tight timing jumps, with random troll bits thrown in for fun.It can take dozens of tries to simply make it to the next savepoint and the creator seems to do everything in their power to slow those tries down, IE waiting for cycles, switches not saving, random troll spikes dropping from the ceiling etc."
,Recommended,262960,14426832,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Chip Rampage,"For what it's worth this is my first review since Steam started this review option. I'm doing it just to tell everyone on the fence that this game is amazing. Fast paced and tight gameplay, awesome music, cool and challenging bosses, it's got everything you could want from a metroidvania like this. Solid 10/10 for sure."
76561198031617578,Recommended,262960,21749658,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,jgt4242,"A retro-inspired Metroidvania game with many inside jokes on old school games.Gameplay-wise it play great and control especially well wich is a must for some tricky platorming part in the game.It can get hard a bit, but truth is if you die it's a your fault. There's no cheap death here, it's all skill-based.There's not really any slow part to the game too. It put you right into the action and within minutes you will fight a boss, get upgrade, etc. It's not story heavy and kind of go back to simplier time.Graphically the game look like a NES game. The color pattern are ok and some boss look really cool.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,262960,24647693,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Bryanleo,"This was a delightful game! While fairly short (I got 100% in about 11 hours), it was well worth the price. The music is solid, the gameplay is snappy and fun, and the overall feel of the game is very light.There are points at which minor challenges become frustrating, but I feel that makes success more worthwhile. With plenty of bosses, collectibles, secrets, and goofy gems within, Castle in the Darkness is a hidden jewel within the Steam community."
76561198002124849,Recommended,262960,29906486,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"Mixed, but still recommended.At times, the brilliance of the game design shines through the frustration, but most of the time you'll just die. There ARE several cheap deaths, not all of them are, but enough are there so that I'm not surprised that a number of people have given up and given the game a negative review because of it.Punishing isn't quite a good word, as that implies if you slip up you die. More like... unexpected.As a guideline, about two thirds of your playtime will be wasted from needing to restart at the last save point."
76561198041694226,Recommended,262960,16817056,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Cake for Žižek,"Highly recommend this game to anyone who loves a good retro style metroidvania. I got to the final boss around 85% completion (typical for this type of game for me) at around 10 hours. So I was doing plenty of exploring in addition to making progress towards the end. The game is absolutely filled with secrets so you'll find good reason to keep exploring areas you've already passed. The bosses and traps are really challenging, but not so bad you'll rage/quit and never come back.The game is also filled with easter eggs and nods towards other games of this type. The game creator has a good sense of humor and it comes across in the game without being lame or campy. You'll see obvious references to metroid, cave story, mega man, etc. There's even a NG+ mode for non-casuals.My only critique of the game is the warp system. There is a warp hub that will send you to 4 locations on the world map, but I wish there was an item (even a rare consumable) that takes you to the warp hub. I found myself spending a lot of time backtracking through areas multiple times and found it a bit tedious as I was approaching 100% completion."
76561197987127286,Recommended,262960,22876185,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,xtlm55,"I can't say enough about this game.Great SoundtrackPlenty of Enemy Variety.Many many many bosses, bosses that are all very unique to each other.So incredibly much to do.The game is so clever. So many of the things are unique .. the game makes you think. I like that, even if the thinking is simple, its still rewarding because so much of the game is different (and awesome). Matt Kap put it out there for this one.Just one hint of advise.If you go though the game without exploring at first, it will be HARD. Like 100s of deaths hard (I did this, but enjoyed the challenge anyway)So make sure to explore!! All the time! Unless you want the extra added challenge. I didn't know better, but that made the end game oh so much sweeter IMO.This has been the best single player experience I have had in years.I don't regret any of the (just under) 24 hours it took me to 100% the game.10/10, easy"
76561198072182182,Recommended,262960,14530012,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"After two years of tense waiting, I have finally gotten my sweaty paws onCastle in the Darkness.  Does it live up to the lofty expectations we neoretro-lovers had placed on it after playing Matt Kap's surprising 2013 demo?  Most will say yes.  And *I* will say that the full version has exploded my own predictions into smoking confetti with how awesome it is!CitDtakes place in a sprawling 2D kingdom, every corner of which is stuffed with secret bosses, optional weapons and nostalgic cameos, all rendered in some of the most authentically gorgeous 8-bit art I've seen.  The nameless little knight at your command rips joyously across this pixelated wonderland with the the speed of NESNinja Gaiden's Ryu, vaulting instakill spikes and stabbing his comically huge blade into the game's sizable menagerie of beasties as quickly as you can hammer the X button.Some people call it a ""metroidvania,"" but I don't think that's the right word;CitDfeels far too open, too rollicking and venturesome for that (rather stodgy) designation.  It's precisely the kind of game I hopedLa-Mulanawas before discovering it to be the impossibly esoteric rite of some bizarre cult:  fast-paced and challenging with a million things to look at and secrets that are not too obscure andnotrequired for progress.CitD's secrets are so compelling, though, that you'll be driven to seek them all out (I 100-percented the game without feeling one iota of weariness)!Watch the trailer.  If this looks like your type of game, then it definitely IS your kind of game -- and at this immorally low price, you have no excuse not to buy, save dirt-caked poverty.  If incredible games likeCastle in the Darknessare still being made when I am 80 years old, then I will sure as hell still be playing them!"
,Recommended,262960,14372496,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,MrHanMan,"Castle In The Darkness, developed by Matt Kap, and published by Nicalis of Cave Story fame.  In it, you are the lone surviving royal knight, and it is your quest to find the princess and save the kingdom from the hordes of invading monsters.  Sounds familiar, I’m sure.  The story is minimal, but still manages to throw a few unexpected twists at you.  The writing, such as it is, is funny and incorporates many tropes, gags, and in-jokes from gaming history.  Much of it is conveyed visually and will be recognized immediately by any seasoned gamer.I know it will be compared a lot to Shovel Knight, and they are similar in some ways, but this does not feel like a clone at all. Whereas Shovel Knight leans more toward the Mega Man/Mario 3 end of the platforming spectrum, Castle In The Darkness draws more inspiration from Castlevania:SOTN and Metroid.  There is no map, as NES era games often did not. That might be a problem for some, but I haven’t had much issue with it yet. The music is great and always complements the overall aesthetic of each area.  The art style is great and really captures the NES’ essence.  It is clean and consistent throughout.  I never saw a single out-of-place sprite.There are a ton of bosses. Most of them are pretty varied and interesting. Some I killed in one life fairly easily, but a few required 5+ attempts. When you defeat one, you are rewarded with lots of coins and a heart that increases your total health.During your adventure, you will find Armor, Weapons, Magic, and Relics throughout your quest. Some are needed to proceed, and others are optional.  Killing enemies causes them to explode into coins for you to collect.  These can be used for purchasing new equipment from NPCs.  Mostly though, it seems new gear is found in chests.  Plenty of stuff can only be found in cleverly hidden secret areas.The controls are tight and not the least bit floaty. I used a controller, but keyboard controls worked well for the short time I used them.  I see some people on various forums and websites complaining of cheap, unavoidable deaths. Yes, you will die frequently, but in my experience, each one is my own fault. This isn’t like I Wanna Be The Guy where the goal is to make you rage quit hilariously for YouTube hits. There are crumbling platforms and spikes falling from the ceiling, but you always have a chance to get out of the way if your reflexes are up to the task. And once you’ve seen it, you know. It helps that save points are fairly common and are often placed very near boss fights and difficult platforms.There are a few technical issues holding it back, though. Each time you start the game, it opens in 2X windowed mode regardless of how you had it set previously. It’s a bit of a pain to have to change it to fullscreen when ever I want to play. I’ve only had one crash (right after springing off a crumbling block), but some are reporting more serious bugs. Hopefully these issues will be fixed quickly. In my case, these have only been a minor nuisance.  While writing this, the game was updated, so this complaint might already be moot.For the price, I can hardly believe how good this game is. There is a ton of content. So far, I’ve got 3 hours and 25% complete. New Game+ and 100% completion give it even more longevity.Seriously, just give it a chance if you like Metroidvanias even a little. It’s cheap enough to be a no-brainer in my opinion."
,Recommended,262960,14347101,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Eatitup_86,Simple but at times difficult. I finished the game already but there is a lot left to do since I only got a 47% completion rate. Secrets are every where and they tend to be much tougher than the normal game areas. There is also an easy mode that unlocks after you die enough times for those that just want to get though the game without as much challegne. Highly suggest this game for those that enjoy old school 2D platformers. The game also has exceptional music all the way through.
,Recommended,262960,14399250,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Paragus,"An absolutely amazing metroidvania and such a great value at only $5.   The music is fantastic, the controls are tight, and the platforming is solid.   There are tons of items to collect and secrets to find.  Along the way you will find the classic upgrades like double jump, swimming etc, but you will also find weapons, armor, and spells hidden off the beaten path.  The game features tons of homages to other 8-bit era NES games.  There are multiple endings depending on whether or not you try to find all the hidden stuff, much like Symphony of the Night.  There's a lot packed into this game and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who like metroidvanias or just good platformers in general."
,Not Recommended,262960,34049668,Posted: 5 August,all,limelight1210,"The first couple hours were really fun going around killing enemies, getting gold, finding a few upgrades and exploring the world.I tried so hard to stick with this game. But it hit a point where the fun was turning into frustration- having *finally* obtaining an item to explore another area...only to find tons of cheap insta-death spikes, traps, pits and so forth. After going through some long sections of these I was expecting a save point- earlier parts of the game they were there but the further I went the save points became more sparse. Look, I grew up in the NES Era and I like challenging platformers (and metroidvania) but this game is just too damn hard for all the wrong reasons.It's a shame because I really wanted to complete the game as metroidvanias are one of my favorite genre. The game controls great, has nice pixel graphics and a fantastic soundtrack."
,Recommended,262960,14342738,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,JustinJ,"This game is absolutely wonderful, challenging, but plenty of save points give you the motivation to push on through a difficult section.  I'm extremely impressed with the amount of bosses so far in the game as well as the enemy variety.  It's an excellent mix of Metroid, Zelda, Castlevania and even Mario with the tight platforming segments.  The amount of references and homages in the game consistently put a smile on my face.One complaint I've heard often is that people can't get their joypad working.  I personally am using the MotioninJoy DS3 tool with a PS3 controller on the XBox360 setting and it works just fine.  I had to map the jump and attack button in the options menu and was set.If you're a fan of classic games, a fan of platformers with tight controls and a fan of rewarding gameplay, pick this game up today."
76561197996760307,Recommended,262960,34085873,Posted: 7 August,all,Dennis Stamp,"Castle in the Darkness is one of the best purchases I've made on Steam. The game has a lot more depth than I expected it to have; there is actually a LOT of stuff to explore, and the game is full of hilarious easter eggs and references to classic video games that clearly inspired it.This should be an obvious point, but this kind of a game needs to be played with a controller or joystick to be enjoyed properly. People who choose to play CITD on a keyboard are just setting themselves up to be disappointed.The graphics, sound, and gameplay are all top-notch. Clearly, COTD's developer was going for an 8-bit retro vibe, and succeeded tremendously in terms of having this game play and feel like one of the best titles from the NES.One complaint you are likely to encounter a lot in reviews of CITD is its difficulty. Although there are plenty of insta-kill traps, they often had me laughing because they are clearly parodies of tropes from classic video games. I don't feel that they spoil the game because screens where you can save your progress are ubiquitous, so there weren't many occasions when I had to spend a lot of time replaying a section of the game whose insta-kill trap(s) kept getting me. After dying, I'd usually respawn only a few screens away from the death trap if I had been humble enough to save when the opportunity presented itself.I will attest that one-hit kills from spikes can get frustrating toward the end of the game, but in the vast majority of cases, I died because I failed to jump with enough precision. (I can only think of one part in the game in I repeatedly died because I found it very difficult to notice a spike that kept falling on me every time I walked underneath it.) That having been said, the game is refreshingly hardcore and does not hold your hand like modern games tend to. It's tough but fair - just the way I like it!CITD doesn't have much of a story, but it wasn't meant to, so I can't really fault the game for that fact. Besides, when it comes to a game like this, I'd rather spend my time enjoying the action than waste it trying to skip over tediously superfluous dialog or text boxes.I bought this game expecting to get some retro-themed hardcore action and maybe a few funny references to classic video games. What I got was a surprisingly polished and well-made homage to classic gaming that's one of the best Metroidvania-style games I've ever played, and is quite funny to boot. This game gets a solid recommendation from me, but it will induce frustration at times unless you are incredibly humble and patient. Despite (or perhaps because of) that point, I am very happy with my consumer investment in this game."
,Recommended,262960,18978479,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Premium,"If you know the genre you know what you are in for.  This one is a lot harder than the genre standard, and a little bit longer.  Lots of unlockables (old demos of the game and stuff) if thats your thing.I'd give the game a solid 8/10.  It has moments where it really feels like it needs more direction, but you can easily forgive it.Spoiler-free note:  The Torture Chambers is the best section in any Metroidvania I have ever played.  The music, the enemies, the platforming and the secrets really make it stick out as genre perfect for that section - allbeit a little short."
,Recommended,262960,24735428,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Kcman200,"I've went and 100% this game 3 times since I've owned it, and only three times because every time i attempt to again my PTSD triggers especially hard in the Torture Chambers. I love the game, its one of my favorite games on steam, but oh my god there are some points that make me want to jump on some spikes myself. Thats the making of a great game though, just the right amount of difficulty and incentive!"
,Recommended,262960,28170788,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Kronos,"A solid metroidvania with a difficulty that reminds a bit of the infamous ""I wanna be the guy"". This game has everything you usually look into a game of it's genre. I'm going to start pointing out the good things about this:SpellsCollectiblesBacktrackingSecret passagesDifferent armors and weaponsSolid platformingGreat soundtrackSimple, yet good artstyleMultiple bosses and hidden bossesFun gameplay with the potential of up to 10~15 hours of gameplay depending on how much you dieNow, the things I didn't like about this game:Very punishing - many of your mistakes will mostly likely result in a instant death or force you go through 3~5 screens before getting back at where you left off.Too easy in some parts, way too hard in others - the games has a solid level of difficulty overall, but sometimes the platforming and some enemies will simply spike the difficulty up the roof and you'll die over and over again until you learn how to do it millimetrically correct.Game rewards timed and extremely precise platforming - this falls a bit under the first con as well. Sometimes when you miss a jump you either get two options: fall and do it again or die. In many parts of the game only the death option is avaible. Some parts of the game has ridiculous platforming and jumping puzzles necessary if you want to get 100% of the game and thus, the good ending.  This usually ends up in frustration and forces you to answer as the game wants you to, not come up with a workaround. It's also worth mentioning that besides the double jump, NOTHING in this game will help you get through some of these challenges - this isn't like other metroidvanias where you had spells, itens or relics that would help you in jumping higher, fall slowly, fly and other stuff like that. All you have is your double jump and your skill. If you're not good enough, you're going to die. A lot.Uninspired scenarios and ambience - The games does a excellent job in the OST department, but it lacks a little in the visual appeal on scenarios. Most of them are similar, with bland colors and little features that get your attention.Spikes - This game has a thing with spikes and it overdoes it. I have nothing against spikes killing me instantly or having plenty of them around the scenarios to put some difficulty, but this game simply abuses it. There is almost at least 1 or 2 spikes that could potentially kill you instantly if you don't make your jump perfectly at each screen. Not only that, many maps also have falling spikes that ALSO kill you instantly and blends perfectly with the scenario (which is a good thing for a while, but it gets frustrating and tiresome after a while).Easy bosses - The game has plenty of bosses but most of them are just plain easy and you can brute force your way in. Very few of them require you learning their patterns, strategize and make a smart use of your skills and attacks. Overall, disappointing difficulty on most of bosses, whereas the rest of the game is just plainly hard as brick.Overall, a very fun game for it's price and certainly worth the time playing, but get ready to feel frustrated most of time much like on a Dark Souls game."
,Recommended,262960,15113189,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,popoki,"Castle in the Darkness came out of nowhere; even someone like me who fancies himself as having his finger on the pulse of retro gaming a bit didn't know what it was until it hit me in the face after being released and popping up on my Steam recommendation feed.I was wary at first, expecting something of a middling quality made by some no-name garage crew hoping to cash in on the whole pixel game craze going on lately, but as I started playing I was immediately charmed by the stab-happy Metroidvania-style gameplay and, despite some bumps in the road along the way, that positive feeling only grew and grew.The gameplay is tight and responsive, the graphics are charming (if a bit sparse comared to the more polished retro games these days like Shovel Knight, though I'm going to try not to draw so many comparisons as they are quite different games by quite different groups), and the music, though a bit iffy here and there, is generally good and catchy -- props to the water ruins theme for being up there with the likes of Castlevania and Mega Man as far as the ""getting stuck in my head"" quality.  Oh, and if you're into that sort of thing (as I shamefully admit I am), the game is absolutely overloaded with myriad referencesd to older games and franchises from start to finish.As nice as it is, though, there are issues; the game suffers from a bit much of that dreaded ""ultra-difficulty"" syndrome so many retro-style games are cursed with, this crazy idea that developers have to fill their products with hair-pullingly hateful platforming with insta-death spikes everywhere in a bid to ""make it NES-hard"" when even the most spike-filled real NES games almost never involved such pixel-perfect accuracy or were hard for different reasons.  Luckily there are many sections with little or very manageable platforming ridiculousness but there are a bit too many sections that just make me shake my head and wonder why so many devs really think so much of that garbage is such a good idea.Other than that, the main problem is the sparseness of upgrades for much of the game; despite every single enemy dropping money, places to actually spend it are INCREDIBLY few and far between, and tend to sell just one item, priced exorbitantly such as to sap your every dime even if you've been diligently collecting every coin and finding all the hidden treasure up to that point.  And on that note, you'd better be into scouring every nook and cranny for hidden junk, because upgrades in general tend to be so radically spaced-out during your adventure that if you DON'T find all the hidden optional stuff along the way it'll feel downright disappointing.Gripes aside, though, Castle in the Darkness is very fun, charming and sure to tickle the fancy of most any retro fan, Metroidvania fan or action-platformer fan.  And even if you do complete the game and get 100%, there's a New Game Plus mode with some interesting new gameplay options and trinkets given to you very early on, as well as other stuff to sink your teeth into like some earlier builds of the game to play around with.  Easily worth the small asking price for all that content, especially on sale.  Just stick with it if things seem too hard or sparse here and there, the game always ends up getting better."
,Recommended,262960,29732188,Posted: 5 February,all,Manablade,"Great retro platformer.  Some deaths seem cheap at first, but once you get a feel for how the game plays you'll rarely die when you didn't deserve it.  My only real complaint by the end was how far apart the few warp points were.  It made the (optional) backtracking a bit of a chore."
76561197983545926,Recommended,262960,24026961,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,FudoAkira,"When you check this game out, know that it will frustrate the bejesus out of you. However, it is mechanically very tight, has some interesting bosses, and despite heavy influence from the days of the NES, has some non-RPG, VERY skill-based progression through most of the game. All the sprites and music are delightful to experience. It should keep you on your toes and entertained for many hours."
,Recommended,262960,18774613,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,rentonl,"I think this game has some major flaws, but I'm still giving it thumbs up because I enjoyed it.+ graphics and aesthetics are nice+ nice music+ nice assortment of monsters and mini-bosses+ the game seems to flow nice. mostly linear, with a bit of backtracking.- VERY BAD controls. it's really sad, because it would be so easy to fix with these minor adjustments: 1.) reduce falling speed 2.) slower horizontal movement 3.) conveyor belts and gears move the character too quickly. 4.) attack animation needs to be a bit slower. Any metroidvania type game should learn from SOTN when it comes to controls. That is a game with flawless controls.- bad hitbox collision detection- invulnerability time when hit by an enemy needs to be extended- dialogue boxes appear in bad spots and have a sloppy feel to them- bad boss AI at timesAll in all, it's a fun little game for a few dollars, but some of the issues I pointed out make it feel amateurish. It's frustrating to me, because I think these small things would be very easy to fix."
76561198020782450,Not Recommended,262960,29424728,Posted: 22 January,all,jrodch,"Another fun game that is ruined by trying to be ""NES Hard"".  The game play, the music, the graphics are all so much fun.  The brutal difficulty level just beats all that fun to death.  Just a shame.   I really wish game designers would find a balance between challenging and intentionally frustrating.  Challenging encourages you to finish the game. Internationally frustrating just encourages you to uninstall the game."
76561198073632886,Not Recommended,262960,32233451,Posted: 6 June,all,Fayt,I personally can't get this game to keep running for more than a short bit at a time before it freezes and crashes over and over again. On top of that it just was not anything that special even when it ran. I found it really didn't offer anything to keep me wanting to keep trying with the crashes. Further I feel with games like hollow knight out I can't just reccomend this when others do it better. with tighter controls.
,Not Recommended,262960,17689969,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Sexy Donovan,"This is not a metroidvania game, it's I Wanna be the Guy with a different color scheme. I love hard games, clocked 555 hours into Dark Souls and 400+ into Dark Souls 2, but the Dark Souls games are also fair, when you die you feel that it was your fault, if you had played better you would have survived. On this game, however, 90% of your deaths are by instant kill traps, like hidden spikes next to a lever you have to pull so you'll die the frist time you pull it, a spike that falls on your head as soon as you enter a room, it's basically a memorization game. Add that to the fact that it has♥♥♥♥♥♥controls, tons of platforming with insta death spikes (which you have to do with the♥♥♥♥♥♥controls), the poorly placed checkpoint locations and 3 billion turns and paths without a map, which will lead you do get lost all the time, and you've got the perfect formula for frustration and boringness.If you want a good metroidvania game, play the old metroids or Axiom Verge, if you want a hard but fair and rewarding game, play Dark Souls. Don't play this game."
,Not Recommended,262960,28880204,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Matthew,To be honest. I love this game's design and game play but the sheer amount of glitches I've had in my time playing this game left to be unplayable and I'm not even joking with that. My game became unplayable at one point and left my save data and the game to being useless.
,Not Recommended,262960,16999080,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,NeoRizer,"It's one of those games made by masochists for masochists. It's got a great soundtrack and the graphics are decent but the game itself is just a frustrating mess to play.If I had to use a new age example, it'd be like taking Dark Souls and making an NES port of it... You die in a few hits, there are instant kill spikes and pit falls at every corner and the game developers just love trolling you with them.The game takes extreme memorization and the path isn't exactly clear as to where you're supposed to go first but they expect you to beat the game in a specific order... I can't stand games like this. You NEED a walkthrough for games this cryptic and it's just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to have to spoil upcoming events / areas in order to complete a game.It's great if you like this sort of thing but I grew up with NES era games and none of them were this difficult or obnoxious... The only games that even come close to this calibur are Faxanadu and Castlevania II but even those games didn't have instant kill traps every 5 steps like this game does.The developers just got lazy and rather than designing quality areas, just threw spikes on the ground with character wide spaces as buffer so you can jump between them. Considering the game plays at near break neck speeds and it feels like your character is gliding on ice shoes it's kind of ridiculous to get that precision accuracy with your jumping.My favorite troll is the developers putting spikes on the ground as soon as you walk through a screen so if you didn't jump in to that screen first, you die. Amazing design you a-holes. /sarcasm.3 / 10 - The soundtrack is good from what I listened to, there are some decent 80's references strewn about as well which I smiled at. I managed to overcome this game by use of a trainer, and if you expect to get your money out of it, I would suggest doing the same thing..."
,Recommended,262960,21759327,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Baphomet,"Castle in the Darkness is a spiritual return to the NES era of side-scrolling adventure games. The story starts with you, the only surviving knight after a vicious monster attack, trying to rescue a princess and defeat all the monsters.Like games in that era CitD is VERY hard at first, but gradually yields all its secrets to persistent players. Spikes bringing instant death are present in over 70% of the game’s areas and it is very likely that you will see the majority of your deaths from coming into contact with them. Additionally there are a couple equally-lethal versions that drop from ceilings and also pop out of the floor.Monsters themselves are not too much of a challenge but may occasionally bump you into aforementioned spikes (the short invincibility period after being hit does not protect you from death spikes). You will spend a lot of time memorizing level layouts in order to get ahead in this game and thankfully there are plenty of save points.Boss battles are just like you would imagine for any retro game: dodge attack pattern, retaliate, rinse and repeat. Finding additional spells, armor, and weapons can make the difference between an easy fight and a long, drawn-out battle to the death. The game also has a completion percentage which, when you reach 100%, will grant you access to a secret boss and alternate (better) ending. There are also a plethora of homages to various retro games waiting to be found.This is a pretty solid game for what it’s worth and I can’t find much to complain about. Even the death spike locations can be memorized and once you remember where they are, getting around them is very easy. I guess it would have been nice to have a pause button for gamepad users as well as a menu to change magic and equipment without going all the way back to a save point, but it didn’t really take that much away from the overall experience. This game is a great bargain, even at its base price, so I recommend picking it up whenever you’re in the mood for a retro-style challenge!"
76561198045648963,Recommended,262960,19003810,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Vicccious,"Challenging platformer with 50 bosses, two endings, and some minor bugginess. In general, great game but the storyline could have been more involved. I 100%'ed the game in 25 hours, but I was kind of clumsy. A realistic time-frame to beat it in general is 5 to 9 hours, and about 15 if you're a perfectionist. There is also a New Game+ but I didn't see much value in it other than some novelty fun! I would get it on a 50% to 75% off sale. It's a bit high priced, but it's still worth it.Things to note:-Sometimes jumping doesn't always work quite right.-I have had bosses float off the map.-I have died from monsters four screens over shooting things through lots of walls.-To 100% you have to go through a lot of BS haha, but it's worth it."
76561197992909722,Recommended,262960,20271986,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Reverend Ragu,"A cute metroidvania with excellent NES-style graphics and music and plenty of homages to its inspirations - some pretty obvious, and some surprisingly deep cuts (seriously, they reference 8'Eyes??). It's almost great - the game is fairly huge, the design and music keeps it fresh, and there's lots of stuff to find if you backtrack after you've upgraded your abilities; the hallmarks of a good metroidvania.The problem with this game is that it's way too fond of instant-kill spikes. It doesn't seem to get this from its inspirations, Castlevania, Metroid, or Mega Man, but rather from Super Meat Boy and I Want To Be The Guy, and it's not a game that's designed in a way that makes getting instakilled every 30 seconds fun. The checkpoints are just far enough between each other to be infuriating. You have a lifebar - for all the good it does you - since it's rarely enemies that are the problem. The controls seem to be fine, but I wind up jumping too late or overshooting my landings a lot more than I tend to do in Symphony of the Night or Megaman. The game quickly loses the tension of trying to survive to the next checkpoint with your health dwindling from enemy attacks since you just start assuming you're going to miss a jump and die instantly with a full health bar.It's a shame, because a lot of people are going to get frustrated with this very early into the game and will just give up, but there's a lot of love put into this game, and I think a lot of people would get a kick out of the design, the jokes, and the cute bosses in particular."
,Recommended,262960,14609201,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,ArrogantLemons,"This game is amusing and well worth 5.99 if you don't wanna spend that much wait for a sale I am fairly sure it will go for lower but I believe it worth it. 100% quickly will be like 5-7 hours (speedrun pending) my speedrun of Any% was pure trash and clocked in at 3hours 07minutes 38seconds but I've seen people who've beaten this game in 1hour 08minutes. If you are looking for a fresh game to speedrun or just a have a casual little romp in, I'd recommend this because it's just a good time. If you like to rush a game you'll likely beat it in no more then 4 hours, if you like to just take it slow and have a good time You'll probably get upto 12 hours out of it or quit from the difficulty, Which isn't too high this isn't ""I wanna be the boshy"" But if IWBTB had an annoying younger cousin, It's safe to assume that it'd be Castle in the Darkness, now if this doesn't motivate you, I am sorry and the team behind it is only 4 people (although it's mostly by one person) and that alone is fairly interesting, I put that up there with Unturned (a game produced to my knowledge by a single 16-17 year old kid) so support these designers because they could bring us something so much bigger and amazing in the future support I also feel most people will have a good time with this game so why not spend alittle dosh to support someone and buy some hours of fun. Cheers!"
,Recommended,262960,15270779,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Ryong,"This is a game about backtracking, badly placed warp points and several challenges where, after completing some tough platforming, you then have to do everything again in reverse. I'd make this a neutral review if I could. It does have its fair share of good points - art, music and enemy design are all fantastic, weapon mechanics introduce variety with different reaches and three ranged weapons which all work differently, even if some of the swords are rather pointless - but then you have the backtracking caused by non-linear map design in terms of upgrades, even if the game itself is actually very linear where you just keep going right forever, the absence of any sort of map and the placement of warps makes it so you're constantly backtracking because everything is far away from every warp, not to mention several pixel-perfect jumps - even if some have tricks to them - or the pointlessness of your health bar for most of the game since you'll probably die in 4~6 hits from anything up until the near the end of the game and 8 magic spells where you'll get basically no use from most of them - you'll use your first one until you can get energy splash, then use that until you get gale wind then use that for the rest of the game, switching only if you beat a bonus area or when the game requires you to use summon falcon or crystal shock to kill ghosts.Also, good job having a ice area which you'll probably complete before getting the upgrade that makes it so you stop sliding on ice, then never see ice again."
,Recommended,262960,26946625,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sheikh ZANZIBAR,"Really enjoyed this game a lot. One of my favorite platformers that I have played in the past several years, and one of the only games that I have enjoyed enough to get 100% completion (except for the die 500 times achievement). It does have a fair bit of trial and error at times and it has some pretty difficult platforming spots that some people may not like, but I enjoyed the feeling of accomplishment that you get when you finally execute a sequence of difficult jumps perfectly."
,Recommended,262960,17190649,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Modsme,"This game is both the ""budget Dark Souls"" I've always wanted, as well as the ""metroidvania MegaMan"" I've always wanted. In other words, this game is super hard and super fun! It also has so much content, that I feel a little bad that I only paid $3 for it. Edit: I also wanted to add that one of this game's hidden bosses is my current front runner for boss of the year."
76561198085266605,Recommended,262960,19241757,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,SNAP IN TO A SLIM JIM YEAAAH!,simply a must buy! trust me im a knight
76561197969529180,Recommended,262960,22046477,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Tedge734,"I hate this game so much, I hate it so much that I had to break 3 keyboards and 100% it just to show it how much I hated it. This game is tough, I call it the Dark Souls of 2D. It is tough but I couldn't wait to get back at it after I walked away. If you are a master you will beat it in 3 hours...good luck with that. I hope there is a 2nd one on the way...my keyboards will be ready!"
,Recommended,262960,22487209,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,hotdog 🐝 Bzzz,Thoroughly brutal game that wants you to die a lot but in the good way.
76561198092738374,Recommended,262960,19428727,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,yumyumyummmm,"This is such an amazing game. A game like this does not come around very often and I am very much hoping for a sequel. I was hooked into this game right off the bat and I can honestly say that I was confused with what I should do with my time after completing it :PThis is my first review, but I felt that I needed to give this a review since I would expect this game to have ""Overwhelmingly Positve"" user reviews. Also, I'm hoping that the developer sees this and makes a sequel :D"
,Recommended,262960,22291823,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,[A.]Reaper,My video review:https://youtu.be/rgrZnv9cJy8
,Recommended,262960,25358127,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Intuition5,"This game is wicked. If you are a fan of old school NES games because of their difficulty and the fact they punish you until you get good enough to beat them, then you're in the right place. If you suck at games and complain because you suck at games then just run away now."
,Recommended,262960,15224593,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Fhqwhgod,Now that I played Pillars Of Eternity I can wholeheartedly say: this is my favourite PC game of the year.
,Recommended,262960,16755123,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Pik,"Warning before looking at this game:This game is designed for a specific type of personOnly get it if you enjoy Metroidvania games. This game is extremely difficult and you should at least watch a small bit of gameplay to see if you will enjoy it or not.But without further ado, lets begin the reviewThe Good (Pros)+Varied weapon choices (A boomerang, a throwing axe, a bow and several swords)+Many refeerences (Zelda, Castlevania, Metroid, Mario just for a few examples)+Often save points (you'll be saving many many times)+Very hard (There's an achivement for dieing 500 times even)+Easter eggs galore+Amazing art style.+Tight controlsThe Bad (Cons)-Once again, difficulty.-No obvious map leading to consult a guide which there is only one i can find.-Can access the later areas of the game at the very start.-One-hit death spikes nearly everywhere in the game-FPS Drops During certain bosses (60FPS to 20FPS) Unlike other games, this relies on pixel perfect platforming sometimes and even a normal enemy can lagg the game. And this isn't just my laptop as I have seen this as a common problem-""Level up your knight with wildly different abilities"": you can switch armour, magic and weapon. And the magic is the thing that you will need to switch.Should you buy this?As i said, if this looks fun and you can endure hard platforming, battles etc. then go ahead and buy it!If not: then look somewhere else, but i reccomend it."
,Recommended,262960,14743531,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,King Vegeta,"If you've played a lot of classic games you will see a lot of funny references in this game.It is a hard game that looks & feels like a mixture of classic NES games.  It plays simple enough with the 2 button control.  Attack with one button, jump with the other & you get a charge style attack that changes depending on the spell you have equipped.   It's a very good metroidvania style game.There's a very heavy emphasis on exploration as well.  You really have no idea on where you need to go & the game gives you very little direction.  There are several places in the beginning that you can enter but if you lack a certain upgrade you won't get very far.  I found this out the hard way.You are very weak in the beginning & will die a lot but you get health upgrades from bosses, find them in the world & can buy them from certain shops.  There are also various enemy types that will remind you of other games.  One in particular is a blue hedgehog that attacks you with a spin dash. The bosses are hard at first but they each have a set pattern that once you learn will be able to beat them easily.As you progress through the game you'll find new armors, weapons such as stronger swords, the throwing axe & even a bow.  You can only equip one of these weapons at a time & they do replace your sword so you may need to plan ahead for each weapon.There's also several annoying cheap deaths such as spikes falling from the ceiling in specific spots where it's like the dev was just trolling but it is kind of funny when it happens the first time.  One of which is right after a fairly hard boss next to a reward chest.  If you stand in the wrong spot while opening the chest a spike will fall down & insta-kill you.  There are many cheap deaths in this game that require precise jumping & control of your character to avoid so proceed with caution.Overall I haven't gotten very far in this game yet but I have seen enough that I can already recommend it.  If you want a classic NES style game & you thought Shovel Knight was too easy then you should pick this one up.  It's also good for anyone who wants a decent metroidvania style game.  Just be aware that you will die a lot when you play it."
76561198268627717,Recommended,262960,33938541,Posted: 31 July,all,deyvson,"This game proved to be quite entertaining. Although it looks simple at first, as we get new weapons and skills the game start growing on us. It has all those old school elements that made games of the past so hard, but with modern aspects that make games so entertaining, as character growth and multiple paths to complete objectives. If you want a real challenge this is the right game for you, and when we think of the price it’s totally worth it."
,Recommended,262960,14543425,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,lucaslizama,I love this game and I hate this game.
,Recommended,262960,34116770,Posted: 8 August,all,Headless Unrealistic,"9/10I personally love the art direction of the game and how fluid it is where nothing feels too out of place or comfortable.The gameplay is pretty fun and challengeing with some areas being increasingly hard ""looking at your secret keys"".I personally don't like some of the more dickish deaths that migth occure because the game expects you to react perfectly in some situations."
,Recommended,262960,33689333,Posted: 20 July,all,National Public Radio,"God, this game is one of my favorites of all time. It's small, cute, but also full of surprises. I'd say the biggest upsides for this game are it's amazing 8-bit soundtrack, great pixel art, secrets that are actually fun to find (because usually in games they become tedious and annoying), and enjoyable boss battles. As far as the downsides... I can't think of any!"
,Recommended,262960,35069648,Posted: 19 September,all,Sarconius,"It's games like these that make me wish Steam had a neutral option for reviews.Castle in the Darkness is a challenging retro platformer that starts off very enjoyable, but ends up becoming a frustrating experience of instant death traps everywhere and save points few and far between.So what's good about the game?- The soundtrack is awesome, even weeks after playing it's still stuck in my head.  If you're into chiptune music, you won't be disappointed.- Exploring and backtracking is encouraged and rewarding.  There are secrets everywhere, and most of them require a good eye or an upgrade you'll acquire later in the game.  There are plenty of optional bosses, upgrades, and money to be found.  Weapons and armor that are sold are generally affordable if you've been exploring everything.- Most bosses are balanced.  While some of them seem brutally difficult at first, after you learn their attack patterns, you'll be kicking yourself for not beating them sooner.- Magic is fun and intuitive to use.  Casting magic requires it to be charged similar to Megaman's charged shots, but it has unlimited uses, making it great for tearing up normal monsters as well as bosses that have limited windows of vulnerability.- Bonus content for completionists!  I won't spoil anything, but getting 100% ties up a few loose ends in the story.Sounds fun!  So what's wrong with the game?- Instant death traps.  Not a big issue early on, but by the second half there's so many instant death spikes, you begin to wonder why the game even gave you a health bar.  There are several instances of spikes dropping from the ceiling that are near impossible to avoid without knowing about them ahead of time.  This kind of platforming can be enjoyable, but it was poorly implemented here, mostly due to the next issue:- Save points.  The game is balanced enough for the first half of the game that save points aren't an issue, but as the platforming becomes more difficult, the save points feel further and further apart.  Not only that, but the placement of save points are poorly done as well.  There are a few boss fights where save points are several screens away in either direction, leaving you at risk of instant death before you can even reach them.  Nothing more frustrating than beating a boss and dying before you can even save.- Warp points.  For a game that prides itself on exploration and backtracking, there aren't nearly enough warp points.  This game is massive, and even getting to a warp point can take a while.- Broken/glitched bosses.  In a single playthrough, I encountered 2 bosses that stopped attacking and moving completely in the middle of the fight, making it an easy win but an empty victory.  Another boss was shifted from its usual movement pattern when it was hit with my magic attack, making the fight nearly impossible to win.- Lack of equipment swapping on the fly.  When you first find new weapons/armor/magic, you have about 2 seconds to decide if you want to equip or not.  After that, you can only change your loadout at save points.  When some bosses are very hard to beat without a particular type of magic, you are practically forced to die over and over while you test each type of magic to see what works.- Some secrets are too well hidden.  While most secrets can be found with a good eye (cracks in the wall, etc.), some are just flat out too hard to find.  We're talking illusory walls with absolutely no hints.  Spending hours jumping into every wall in hopes of a secret is not fun.- No map.  I don't know what they were thinking with this one.  A Metroidvania platformer of this size with no map is just ridiculous, especially with the amount of secrets that are in the game.So would I recommend this game?  It's tough to say.  I loved the music and almost all of the boss fights, but my mind keeps going back to the frustration of cheap instant death traps and having to repeat those areas over and over.  I imagine anyone just doing a casual playthrough would have a pretty good time, but if you plan to go for 100% completion, well, don't say I didn't warn you."
76561197970838644,Recommended,262960,35103940,Posted: 21 September,all,slackclive,THE best metrovania game i have ever played. but it is much more than just another metroidvania game. full of secrets little bits that make logical sense. All of the many bosses have different attacks patterns. The game always feels fair in its mechanics as it is perfectly designed. the guy who made this should be given the metroid license and nintendo artists to make metroid great again! a stinky dirty 10 out of 10
76561198060527161,Recommended,262960,19162948,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Sir Slush,"If you're reading this review, chances are you already know that this game is a metroidvania platformer. What you're probably wondering is if it does these genres justice.The answer is yes.The controls take a little while to get used to, but are extremely solid and accurate. Gameplay is fairly simple, with one button to jump, one button to attack, and a charge attack you learn early-on by holding the attack button.The game is hard, but fair. I died a couple hundred times during my 100% run, but at no point did I feel like the game was jerking me around or that there was nothing I could have done to avoid it. Most of these deaths were due to being too cautious, as the game rewards fast and confident play.The difficulty curve is perfect, minus one high-level area you can access early if you explore a bit. The platforming puzzles start out very easy to help you get used to the controls, and slowly ramp up over the course of the game until hesitation at any time can kill you. This works because the controls are exceedingly well-refined, and the rooms are designed to clearly present their challenges as soon as you enter them. By the end of the game, you'll be flying like a pro through spike-filled deathtraps the first time you see them because the game has taught you how to play it, and has given you the ability to use your skill to the fullest.The soundtrack is great to listen to while not being distracting, and your opinion of the visuals will depend on whether you like pixel graphics or not. Personally, I find pixel graphics to be more charming and interesting than most 3D counterparts, so this was a plus for me.Backtracking to get new and better equipment once you learn certain skills is not necessary to progress and complete the game, but it can be of immense help in the final level.Overall, this game is one of my favorite platformers, and I think it deserves to be more popular than it is."
76561198137925425,Recommended,262960,18963278,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,DeRpY CeRzErD™,"if this game was a potato, this will be a good potato 10/10 potatos"
76561198090972442,Recommended,262960,15794753,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Trundle,"Really repetitive bosses with the basic ""wait....attack"" format. Overall a fun experience because of the retro design and the unique enemies. The game lacks depth but makes up for it in gameplay. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,262960,15462709,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Dropbeard,"The best little metroidvania I've played in a long time. Very non-linear and full of hidden stuff (some of which is extremely useful so you feel truly rewarded for exploring). Controls perfectly and the challenge is spot on.Unfortunately it also has a bunch of cheap insta-deaths, and the callbacks & tributes to old NES-era games and other indie titles sometimes go maybe a little overboard when you keep stumbling into them constantly. It'd also be nice to have some hints where to look for the items you're still missing (I assume you need some of them for the best ending, and scouring through the entire game again isn't everyone's cup of tea).Still, definitely, absolutely worth the price. Digging into this title helped me get through an otherwise tough week, so cheers to the devs for that!"
,Recommended,262960,21623772,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,motenai,"Castle in the Darkness is the little masterpiece of one single developer!It  constantly winks to all the 8bit platform genre, with tons of references to Mario, Castlevania, Zelda, Metroid, and even Sonic, Tetris, Dark Souls and Super Meat Boy is certain point.Playing this is like diving in the past, it makes me feel nostalgic of what i think was the golden age of videogames.The game starts fairly easy and it will get frustratingly hard near the end, and honestly i think it's a good thing.Sometimes it will get to the point when you'll want to throw away the pad and scream loud, but ultimately the high difficulty made want to see what comes next and fight for it, making your victory a lot more satifying.The task is especially hard in case you wanna finish the game with 100% completion to unlock the second ending and the New Game Plus (worth imho).The best part of the game is certainly the exploration. The areas have the classical themes of old school 8bit games (town, forest, castle and so on). Many areas will be reachable only after acquiring certain items, and this will make you go back to the early levels in search of secrets (and there will be many).There are only a few things that bugged me. Certain checkpoints can be located  far from an tricky room that you are trying to pass, and in case you die you have to backtrack a lot every time.Also some dialogues before a boss fight aren't skippable, and so you might end up listening to them over and over.Overall i feel like this game is a good 9/10 considering also the very low price.Enjoy it!"
,Recommended,262960,14851651,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Baka.,"Castle in the Darkness is a throwback to ""Nintendo hard"" games from the NES/SNES era.  It's a basic action platformer where your basic goal is to defeat bosses, collect hidden gear and treasure, and eventually save the king.  It's not a one-of-a-kind game, but what it does it does very well.  You'll be faced with a handful of enemies that are basically a cakewalk, a couple instant death spiketraps, various other obstacles, and eventually an area boss.  The only catch is that if you die, you lose everything since the last time you activated a checkpoint.  Just got some treasure?  Run back to the checkpoint or risk moving forward and hoping for a new one.  Just found an item?  Better go to the checkpoint.  And the most beautiful situation of all:  Did you just beat a boss?  That's right, many bosses don't have checkpoints near them, and the level design is actually clever enough to function in a harder fashion on the way back to the checkpoint.  Nothing about the areas change, spawns are the same, layouts are the same, crumbling blocks respawn, but because of the way the areas are laid out, going backwards is often harder than the original progression towards treasure, gear, or bosses, and holding onto the spoils of victory makes the trek back even more nerve-wracking.  If you like hardcore NES titles, you'll love this game.  It has a NG+ if you really enjoyed the experience, and by the end of that, if you started really getting the hang of things, you can always go for the super secret item, which is acquired via the most intense of feats.Get hit and start over.Oh, and if you don't like NES hard games, and you don't like being punished or carrying the weight of consequence, skip out on this one."
76561197970809816,Recommended,262960,33909259,Posted: 30 July,all,padder2,"SO MUCH FUN.  It's pretty much like NES games, where it seems tough at first but slowly you learn the level layouts, you get a good feel of how your character and the enemies move and then you just breeze through it. You will die a lot but it's not bad and most bosses have an easy pattern or a way to easily beat them. I wasn't sure I would like it but I got hooked.  The music's neat, the art is fun to run through, and the level layouts are not just fillers.Many people complaining about this game point out how it's lacking modern features like maps or mutliple spawn points : the point though is to recreates the feel of older games and a HUGE part of the game is about memorizing map layouts, which you can only do if you go through areas multiple times. There ARE generous health-restoring save points before bosses that are long to beat, and those that take shorter time by exploiting a weakness have more distant save points.  You can also eventually teleport to move through the levels faster when backtracking. Plus I'd say It's actually easier than other similar genre of game like say Megaman 9.Of course, if you're one who has no grit, gives up easily and just wants to prance through the nice graphics without anything resembling a challenge laid across your path, and if you have absolutely no capacity of learning from your mistakes, there are plenty of recent games available for you on Steam but it is not this one."
76561198094306419,Recommended,262960,15959296,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,zfan121,"First off, let me say this; I'm a filthy casual who can't even get to world 4-4 in the classic super mario bros!That being said, I was far more stubborn in this game than any other game I've played, why, bragging rights. I'm proud to be one of the 9.4% of players around the world who actually 100%-ed the game.This game does a very good job at being 'Nintendo hard' with modern conventions, however what it doesn't do a very good job at is letting you know where you could get stuck in places if you advance and save at that the next checkpoint.There is one thing to keep in mind, most of this game was made by one man, in his freetime making with artistic help from a couple of other people. As a budding indie developer myself (I'm working on a humble little RPG that's my idea of what Final Fantasy The Sacred Stones was SUPPOSED to be) I gotta hand it to Matt Kap, he's done some amazing work.Difficulty wise I would put this game somewhere between NES/SNES era megaman games and Super meat boy, that being said, there's an area called 'torture chambers' in this game. I'm just going to let that sink in a moment.What's great about this game (and what some people seem to miss) isn't that it's classic 8 bit platforming with a lot of modern ideas, it's that the backtracking everyone's complaining about isn't 'forced' on you.Think about how a metroid or similarly structured game allows you to reach an area and find out that in order to progress the story you must go back to x area and gain x item to defeat x boss.This game is the exact opposite of that, it's more like Link's Awakening, with much, much more freedom in what to do first, once you get the Wing boots (your double  jump) the whole world is a clam, now go find your pearl.The best part of the game is also the most frustrating part, getting 100% means going to hell and back, having a beer, and doing it over again, until you get the prize you seek. This isn't what makes it good, what makes it good is unlike other 'ZMG hard as balls' platformer ( Super Meat Boy, I wanna be the guy, etc) every mistake feels like it was legitimately your fault. The developer took great care in making the platforming challenging, but not unfair or impossible. If you're dying a lot to one thing, take a deep breath, go after something else; and come back once you've gotten better at the game. The frustrating part is that even after you complete whatever platforming challenge you faced to get your prize, you still have to go all the way back to the nearest save point, which is sometimes five or more screens away with a multitude of those beloved 1 hit kill spikes of doom littered about.If you're super into looking deep into every nook and cranny of a world, you'll enjoy this game. If you're not into that, well, it's only $6 man, give the indie developers some love!Also, if you love 8 bit music, you will enjoy this game.Note: If you are going to go for 100% you may encounter a 99% glitch even if you do get the achievement of Lvl 2 Treasure Hunter.(Finding all items) You can go to this website:http://citd99.meteor.com/drag your save files (found in the filepath mentioned on the website) to the box, and download what files it creates to replace the original. Until Mat Kap fixes this bug, unfortunately this is the only option at the moment."
,Recommended,262960,30154441,Posted: 24 February,all,The Ministry of Darkness,All the people who rate this game negatively never played a damn nes game in their life.Although it is difficult I am having a great time with this game I will play to the end no matter how hard it gets.This aint no silver surfer.I want games to come back to this difficultyit is so engaging and when you finally beat something your like wow you kinda pat yourself on the back
76561198111828888,Recommended,262960,16182219,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,cats164,"Love this game!!! Beware it's extremely addictive!! In all seriousness, it's hard but not unbareable. The only actual complaint I have is gameplay in a particular section. The spikes in the red castle section is just awful but it is beatable I don't want to say that much due to spoilers. Overall I would recommend this game to others in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,262960,17213146,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Unranked,"Amazing game made by amazing people (The Nicalis), who also helped with the binding of isaac rebirth!"
76561198076190171,Recommended,262960,17195319,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Tuci,"I grabbed this game last week and I am yet to finish it. But I've played enough to tell you that if you're not sure if you should buy it or not, just do it. Trust me.Castle in the Darkness is challenging. At first I thought I was in for one of those extremely hard platformers in which you have to be so accurate that in one point your brain just tells you to stop. And it's not the case. At all.The game is challenging, yes, but you really don't need to be a platformer god to advance in the game and get that sense of achievement. The combat is also not extremely hard (unless you're against some particular bosses, then good luck), but not easy.The soundtrack is AMAZING. Seriously.I could make that pros and cons thingy, but I won't. This game is worth your attention. Buy it and you'll get to play an amazing, fast paced, nice-on-your-ears and even nostalgic brilliant piece of videogame.I'm out"
,Recommended,262960,17558026,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,™Teknoman™,"Everytime I run this game, it runs and when I push the attack button on my controller a few times ingame, the cpu usage goes from let's say 8% to 100% cpu and freezes my system..How is this possible on a i-7 4790K system paired with an Asus Strix GTX 980 running on Win 10 pro X64?FIX this problem developers it's a serious bug, which hasn't got me anywhere of to nowhere from the start of the level.I really love the game and all, but not being able to play it..."
,Recommended,262960,29015488,Posted: 4 January,all,ALCOLYTE,It can be very frustrating several times.It can make you want to punch the wall.But in the end is a very nice game.
,Recommended,262960,14393168,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,[ Rushock ],"Castle in the Darkness is a fantastic platformer with light RPG and ""Metroidvania"" elements. When you get new items/weapons/relics, you'll want to go back and find new areas or secrets with your new capabilities. Look to Cave Story for how this game ""feels"". The platforming seems similar. It contains many easter-eggs that reference classics like Castlevania, Mega Man, and Legend of Zelda, It by no means is a combination of these titles, but instead gives nice little nods to what we loved about the classics. The game's NES 8bit graphic style is well accomplished. The music and sfx are really, really good and sound... familiar, in a good way. And for this price? I'd pay 15-20 easy."
,Recommended,262960,14352836,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Ruzan,"This little gem is so much fun. It is a standard platformer with some interesting mechanics, fun boss fights, and tons of secrets. The music is upbeat and charming and the sound effects give it a great retro feel. There are plenty of save points, so while the game is hard, it never feels overwhelming. All in all, for the price, you should give Castle in The Darkness a go, it is a blast."
,Recommended,262960,14440818,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Backstory,"Castle in the Darkness is, as is evident from the screenshots, a retro love letter very similar to last year's Shovel Knight. An apparently one-man affair, Castle is full of references to old games, controls like old games, and has similarly frustrating design elements that old games have - remember all the instant-death spike pits in old games, like the NES Mega Man games? Remember how fun those were? No!? That's because they weren't fun, and they are ALL OVER this game.The save points are frequent, but spaced out unevenly. Several times, I would beat a boss only to go to the next screen, die due to insta-death spikes, and have to rekill the boss. Also, the first time I launched the game, the sound didn't work at all - sad considering the soundtrack seems pretty good. Furthermore, it didn't detect my PS4 controller, so I had to play with a mouse and keyboard. A lack of display options is also frustrating, locking the game to an ""old school"" resolution. For a one-man effort, it's pretty impressive, and overall I'd recommend it. But for the love of god, STOP putting instant death spike pits into your retro platformers. Oh, and stop putting references to memes... it's so terrible and has never, ever, ever, EVER been funny in a video game."
,Recommended,262960,26494184,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,AuranRage,"Awesome game. Played much more than I should and got much more hours than what I payed for. Awesome backtracking, awesome references, good music, good gameplay. Loved the game, to its core."
76561198015172420,Recommended,262960,29235558,Posted: 13 January,all,artofwar,"Loved this game.  Gameplay feels very tight.  Finding and unlocking all secrets was great fun.  It can be challenging, but it never felt unfair."
76561198096099509,Not Recommended,262960,34080812,Posted: 7 August,all,Eugene Harold Krabs,"Awesome soundtrack and pretty great game up until a certain point. The only reason why I wouldn't recommend it is because of how the game decided to increase difficulty. I'm 36% in, and the game has devolved into insta-kill spikes and few save points. The beginning was so good! Instead of adding spikes and getting rid of save points they shoulda added more depth to the gameplay or made the bosses harder. That's the Dark Souls in me talking though..."
,Recommended,262960,17494992,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,HELLruler,"Best Masochism SimulatorCastle in the Darkness is a simple metroidvania (left, right, jump and attack), with a bit of RPG (there's gear progression and magic) and A LOT of traps, enemies, and situations where you just want to throw your keyboard/controller at the screen and scream out loud how much you hate the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that developed this gameStill, it's an awesome experience"
,Recommended,262960,16610406,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Benny Banana Bread,"Awesome classic looking platformer. You're going to die a bunch but it's still fun and if you lived through the old school games then it's going to be nostalgic. The game gets a little annoying when you die a floppity gillion times but it's cool; just keep going. You only have 2 buttons, attack and jump, in addition to the d-pad.I'm not one for long reviews."
,Recommended,262960,14361624,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Lt. Underscore,"I've beaten it 100% now, so here's some pros and cons.PROS:-Rocking soundtrack-Beautful graphics-Nice amount of difficulty without being unforgiving-Good enemy design-Lots of optional paths to take-Lots and lots of references: from Sonic the Hedgehog to Castlevania and Final Fantasy-Great character design-Lots of weapons, items, magic, and armorCONS:-Soundtrack can get a tiny bit repetitive after being in a certain area for long-Most boss fights are very simple once you know what 2-3 attacks the boss has-FPS drops from time to time. Sometimes to the point where it becomes a crutch and you have to fight through delayed inputs.All in all, for 5-6 bucks I'd say get it. It's easy to just turn it on and start playing and pouring your time into. If you're a fan of Castlevania, Shovel Knight, Cave Story, etc., you'll probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,262960,14409748,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,the Silverbackk,"A Metroidvania DeathFest. A must buy for any old school gamer, that will smoother you with nostalgia throughout. A true throwback.  9/10"
,Recommended,262960,21438197,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Visi,"An enjoyable masochistic metroidvania platformer chocked full of pop culture references and homages to the games of yore that it attempts to emulate. It's very challenging, perhaps for the wrong reasons at times, but I found the vast majority of the game to be fair to the player. You'll die. A lot. But if you're anything like me, that'll just intensify your desire to conquer whatever obstacle currently blocks your path.The graphics are in that retro style that's so popular for indie games these days, so if you like that style you'll likely find it equally appealing here, especially if you are familiar with the myriad of iconic enemies and bosses reproduced in this game. The soundtrack is nothing to write home about, but it's all right, and the sound effects are what you'd expect from a retro style game. The story is about as barebones and standard as it gets, but you typically don't play a retro platformer for a rich narrative. The control seemed perfectly fine for me using an xbox 360 wired controller, but the ability to pause the game or return to the main menu from in-game (without dying) is exclusive to the keyboard, which is just a teensy bit annoying.All-in-all, Castle In The Darkness is an awesome little game. I had a lot more fun with it than I expected to in the 14 hours or so it took me to 100% it. Pretty impressive since it was made by a single person."
,Recommended,262960,14348018,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,The Lord of Doorknobs,"A lot of things to say about this game, so I'll keep it brief.+ for positive/ for neutral (Varies from person to person)- for negativeSome aspects of the game;+ Allows you to play the prologue again (Both endings get you a new screen effect)+ Definitely provides a challenge to even the most avid platformers (Seriously. 2 hours in and I died 50 times; and I grew up with platformers)+ Great variety of monsters, each with different strategies to defeat (Walking up to them and mashing attack will get you killed, and slaughtered, and murdered, and mutilated....you get the point.)+ Weapons are varied, such as a boomerang instead of a sword. (Boomerang hurts more than your sword!)+ Different magics (Though, you're probably gonna be charging them only to find out the next enemy is melee only)+ Tons of secrets that make you want to pay attention to detail (Every crack in a block might be a secret!)+Chiptune is very catchy (The kind of songs you keep singing the word ""Dun"" to.)+Very reminicent of old platformers such as castlevaina (Play it with an NES conroller, and you're good.)+ Some glitches still in the game that make you laugh really hard (During the prologue, when the mask smashes down the bridge, you have a splitsecond to jump back, and you'll see him just sitting there not knowing what to do next after you avoided his trap.+Gameplay is addictive/ Tons of instant-deaths, especially while back tracking. I mean- seriously. You jump over those spikes everytime. Kill the boss after 15+ tries, and backtrack for the save; *Stab* you're dead; try again :)/ Many MANY MANY save points that heal you instantly, so dying is 75% of the time instant death, 15% stupidity against enemies, and 5% Still learning the patterns of the enemies.Using a sword means a lot of button mashing; prepare for calluses galore- and possibly a new controller.- Too hard if you don't play these kinds of games; however there is an option for Easy Mode in secrets after 50 deaths.- As of writing this review, no modern rock in the game (will change this if it is found later as a secret)- NPCs don't have much variety (recolours mainly)- Bosses seem to come very often, so there's no telling when you get to the area boss.- Gets a little boring during long sessions, so it seems more fun if playing 2 hours max per sitting. (If you're getting bored of it, you should probably take notice that the sun was rising when you started, and it's setting as you stop)- Controls for a gamepad are wrong by default, so beginners may be frustrated figuring out why nothing's working; unlike the prologue.exe from 2012/2013.- VERY late game, as it was supposed to come out long ago. (Probably because of stuff like the Binding of Issac: Rebirth)Overall, I had a ton of fun with this game so far. The prologue released was incredibly fun and had surprisingly a lot of replay value, especially for the temple of sin. This game has gone past that, and has become a really fun game for a surprisingly low price. If you like old style platformers, this is the game for you; so long as you don't mind dying, getting murdered, burned, and other such things 100+ times.Although, it's weird how a spike to the head hurts you (and popsicles/carrots/apples/cherries will heal that) yet stepping on a spike kills you."
,Not Recommended,262960,33470704,Posted: 11 July,all,ffviplayer,"I like this game. It has awesome soundtrack, adorable pixel art and really good control. But unfortunately, the following things ruin the enjoyment of gameplay that I cannot recommend this game to my friends and the steam community.No map. We're in 2010s, No one can image to have a Metroidvania game without map system nowadays, especially when the game requires lots of backtracking.Automatic pause. Just assign a real pause key please, this function caused me a glitch freezing my control after beating a boss and switching windows at the same time and I had no choice but to restart the game and redo the boss.Deadly Glitches. Besides the glitch in 2, there's another one throwing me into a dark room where I can't do anything while I was farming gold nearby the warp of windy ruins.Two kinds of crumble blocks. You can't tell which one it is until you step on it, which mostly results in a cheap death.Spikes in save room. Totally pointless design and time-wasting for those who are careless while entering/leaving the save room.Enemy/Fall/Spike right after stepping into next room. Those are neither fun nor challenging, is it that hard to make more not-so-cheap traps?Inventory only available in save point. It is recommended to try different weapons/magics on boss fight, but guess what, we are not allowed changing equipment outside a save point, resulting in another pointless time sink. Also, being unable to check inventory while searching for items is such a pain, you may forget to regain something after an accidental death.Trolls everywhere. For instance, spikes looking like the background, switches spawning spikes suddenly in unfair places, falling spikes you can't see. It would be funny to watch someone else dying from those kaizo traps, but annoying when you're the one playing the game.In summary, I would give it 5.5/10. I can see how eagerly the dev tried to make a hard Metroidvania game but failed and it ended as a trolling game, what a disappointing waste. To have an idea of how a difficult Metroidvania should be like, just try Castlevania: Circle of the Moon."
76561198018326356,Recommended,262960,20733887,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Lowenly,"A strong Metroidvania-style platformer that strips out unneeded bloat and simplifies combat so it can focus on the core skill-based gameplay, and packs in more retro gaming references than you can shake three sticks at.  Perfectly blends together puzzles, combat, and precision platforming challenges.  Be prepared to die hundreds of times along the way, but at least you won't be dying thousands!Probably."
76561197998037017,Recommended,262960,14389433,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,BreakfastBrew,"One of the best platforming games I have ever played in a very, very long time."
76561198107448894,Recommended,262960,14377887,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Averwynn,"A VERY fun game.. I've already spent a few hours in this game.. like 3 or 4 I believe, and I'm only 15% done with everything. This game is fairly challenging and requires you to study each boss and learn their tactics, rather then yoloing and running in without any plan. Although in 2D, this game still has a bunch of exploration, that of which one could say rivals games like Metroid Fusion, and other 2D metroid games. I would HIGHLY suggest this game for anyone looking for a fun and long game like this one."
,Recommended,262960,28998331,Posted: 3 January,all,wardrich,An unforgiving platformer full of classic video game references.  Would recommend to anybody looking for a tricky retro-style platformer.
,Recommended,262960,17938016,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Kona,all i have to say is that its fun
,Recommended,262960,14720567,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,CNHphoto,It's basically NES Dark Souls.
76561198030026716,Recommended,262960,15829026,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,La Duc De Free-Meals,"""Get gud, kid.""This game feels like the old ""Nintindo hard"" games of past, where every slip up is brutally punished and the rewards for exploring the many secrets and hidden nooks and crannies are worth it.Yes, you're going to die a lot. Why else would there be an achievement for dying so many times? Pull up your man panties and get to it, it's well worth the broken controller.10/10"
,Recommended,262960,15882102,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Teacup Tanuki,"Don't let the start of this game fool you, Castle in the Darkness is a strict game with precision platforming elements. While the graphics are a love letter to 8-bit NES games, like Castlevania and 8 Eyes, the gameplay itself soon becomes an experience in perfectly jumping through spike floors and platforms, attempting to survive from save point to save point.There's a big exploration and collection aspect to the game as well, with a variety of items and spells that one has to travel off the beaten path to find. Playing through on New Game + I was surprised about how much time I actually spent investigating the side paths and trying to find all the possible items. There's a good amount of secrets to be discovered as well.The game is a little buggy. Entering a door when wind is blowing you away from it can result in a soft lock, the hitbox on some floor spikes can hit or miss you from odd angles, trying to jump at the very edge of a platform can result in the weaker double jump instead after you get that upgrade. NG+ gives you a fast attacking weapon that, if you wear with certain armor, won't attack if the projectiles from the armor are still on the screen. I got a hard lock once, but couldn't reproduce it.Despite these issues, the game was a blast to play. Even though it dips into being a masacore game later on, it definitely has a better Metroid-esque design than most games labelled as ""Metroidvania."""
,Recommended,262960,21261195,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Foxy,Cool throwback to the old NES platformer games. Very entertaining!
,Recommended,262960,21387383,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,M4RS,Cool throwback to the old NES platformer games. Very entertaining!
,Recommended,262960,17139240,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,SimonCykelHjelm,Must get for any MetroidVania Fans!
76561198008594764,Not Recommended,262960,29025992,Posted: 4 January,all,that melancholy narwhal,"Goes from challenging but fun to downright frustrating very quickly. Bad game design: nonexistent attack animations; unnecessarily long stretches of cheesy platforming between save points (padding, basically); questionable enemy/instant-death spike placement.I would almost recommend this game on sale just for the first half or so. I genuinely enjoyed the puzzle elements of each room, but the lack of rewarding progression and insane difficult spike (no pun intended) has brought my time with Castle in the Darkness to an end prematurely."
,Recommended,262960,33897887,Posted: 29 July,all,chewfeather,"More depth than I expected. Captures the retro-game feel in ways that many others do not. Certainly leans more on 'learn by dying' than some people care for, but if you don't mind that, it's at least worth wishlisting and waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,262960,20222824,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Implojin,"This game is a love letter to classic metroidvania with lots of little secrets, hidden side areas, and possible sequence breaks.There are references to 8 and 16 bit classics sprinkled throughout, but it stands on its own as a solid entry to the genre.It's not a perfect game -- It's possible to make it into one area without any way out again (except for a developer keycombo that can be found with google), and the design of some of the areas with respect to checkpoint placement can be frustrating. It doesn't have an in-game map, which would be very useful given the branching paths. There are also instant death spikes all over the place, including some which fall onto the character from out of view at the most assholish moments; this game has taken a page from the likes of IWBTG in that respect.Despite these flaws, the game is very enjoyable and well worth the price if you're a fan of metroidvanias."
,Not Recommended,262960,16985705,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Medically Induced Boehner,"This game thinks it's being hilarious by being a♥♥♥♥♥♥with its inconsistent pacing, high difficulty, and difficult-to-follow layouts.  I like hard games, but this game isn't just hard, it's unfair."
,Not Recommended,262960,17578651,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Traveller,"Fairly harsh difficulty.  Dying resets your state to the last checkpoint, which is pretty harsh with some of the jumping puzzles.  Remember how much fun it was to jump across spinning gears in Double Dragon 2?  Me either.  Every boss is a parody of some other video game, but isn't as funny as it could have been.  Overall, I don't feel compelled to finish this."
,Recommended,262960,14345530,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,=[pG]= Froggerstein,"This is quit possibly the most fun I have had in awhile. Sure Cs:Go is fun, but it gets boring so quickly. I want a game that has more of a challenge, a game that refrences other good old gams, a game where it has more plot line then call of duty!This is quite the game I am looking for!The music is amazingThe Enimes are challanging, and look greatThe art style is fantasticThe movement feels great (to me at least)and just the overall fell of the game makes it feel like you are a child playing an old nintendo game that you loved!I would recommend this game so much, and I hope that Matt, if you are reading this, makes new content for the game."
,Recommended,262960,14337505,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Aleth,"A spike fell on my head, I fell on spikes, I got laserbeamed by a boss, I got trolled by a fake floor. Nice game.This is like Castlevania and Megaman, or more like a Metroidvania. Musics are cool, the gameplay is challenging and there is a lot of instant deaths. Looks really promising."
76561198066199601,Recommended,262960,18423716,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,A Hung Gentleman,Sooooooooooooooooo Good.
,Recommended,262960,19679261,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,skyehigh,"I had seen this game being played before I personally bought it, and I'm so glad I still did! This game is a great choice for anyone looking to have a classic RPG experience without a bunch of overused mechanics. The graphics are simple but nostalgic and the game play is exponentially challenging, That is to say the difficutly level keeps up with your gameplay. At first it's very easy and non-chalant, however, as you progress it starts to throw different little things at you. There's some exploration as well as side-questing for those who need a break from the main story. Overall, I would definitely reccomend this to anyone who loves platforming, RPG, action, or even just a good game to play here and there."
76561198056964929,Not Recommended,262960,34409646,Posted: 21 August,all,Jao Le,"Instadeath spikes ruin this game.  I had to stop at 75% completion, because the frustration far outweighs the fun.  There are so many other directions they could have gone to make a fun platformer, but they had to go with instant-death spikes and a doublejump ability that only works most of the time.  I would recommend this game to any hardcore platformer fan who likes games that focus mainly on jumping precision and memorization of difficult jumping sequences."
,Recommended,262960,17238568,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Milpool,Hard but not unfair. Tight platforming. Lots of stuff to unlock and secrets to find. Great old school style Metroidvania game.
,Recommended,262960,17010388,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Tjwalker =),"10/10 I've never been trolled so much in a game in my life. (Summary of rating of game below this huge paragraph)But more so than that, this game is truly a masterpiece. The 8bit music is beautiful and nostalgic. The combat although simple requires quite a bit of unexpected strategy when fighting both bosses and regular monsters. The control scheme at first put me in the mind of Megaman: Jump and Attack. However, the weapons you find change up the way you go about attacking. Whether its directly in front, at an arc or a descending straight line. If the basic weapon isn't enough, you acquire magical spells to really change up how your offense and defense is crafted. It's impossible to clear the game with the regular weapon you start out with so, in a way, the game forces you to cycle through the weapons to see which one best suits your playstyle. The game itself is fast-paced but, careful not to go too fast or you may run into several different traps spread out across the maps that'll insta-kill you. There's only one thing that bothers me about this game and that's it's lack of a map. I get that there is a lot of exploration but, you have to go back and forth through different areas in order to 100% complete it (like in Metroid) and sometimes its hard to remember where you haven't been by just looking at the surroundings of the area. Oh yeah. Speaking of Metroid, there are tons of scenarios and monsters that reference so many different classic games directly. Mario, Sonic the Hedgehog, Legend of Zelda, Cave Story, and Megaman just to name a few. There's a strong amount of Mario and LoZ references though.Pros:* Music is beautiful* Gameplay is unique* Playstyle is completely up to the player. No strict format telling you where to go or how to play.* Silly references to classic games* Difficult puzzles and hidden areas* Hard bosses* Each different area has way more depth than what it appears to on the surface, requiring you to revisit again later on* Strategic save locations that serve more as a checkpoint than anything else* Fastest method of saving keeping the pace of the game fresh (Press Up at a statue, continue playing)Cons* Due to the fact that you have to go back and revisit areas to 100% the game, it gets a bit frustrating going around in circles trial and error'ing to see if one spot leads to another* Lack of a map makes this even more frustrating because you start to lose sense of where you're going"
,Recommended,262960,14342721,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Rune Lockhart,This is an EPiC game! Hit me with all the Feels of the Nintendo Era! the controlls are verry tight like a good Mario Bros. game! a MUST PLAY!
,Not Recommended,262960,25883409,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,baja gaijin,"What few parts of this game are interesting (the bosses I was patient enough to reach, possibly some sidequests if the NPCs weren't just references I missed) pale in comparison to the fact that this game is not what you'd call ""designed"" so much as ""almost-actionably plagiarized"". Without the mass of slightly-altered sprites or pixelated references this game has no character whatsoever to it, and I do not recommend it unless you're truly that desperate for an action game with very, very bare ""metroid"" elements tacked on."
,Not Recommended,262960,18796870,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DragonDePlatino,"I quit playing in the room with the blue hedgehog, dancing mushroom and fairy that said ""Hey, listen!""This game is so juvenile and incredibly generic. If you want something similar but don't want to waste your money, go play Buster Hashimoto's freeware games."
,Recommended,262960,14348547,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,mulard,"11/10 if born in the mid-1980s and grew up on Zelda II, Ghouls 'n Ghosts, etc.Bonus point is for Bubble Bobble boss reference in the first 15 minutes.Do not gift to the easily frustrated or controller throwers."
,Not Recommended,262960,17202936,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Decapitator,"While this game seems very charming and nostalgic for an older gamer like me who grew up with Atari and NES, the fact that I can't move my character while performing an attack is completely deal breaking. It stops me from making slight movement adjustments while attacking and it turns the game into a frustrating deathfest."
,Recommended,262960,14714019,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,gengarSTR・葉王・朝倉,Awesome and interesting to pass!!!
,Recommended,262960,14343301,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Alien Dude,"This game contain so much nostalgic love and old school references. If you love videogames in general, buy it no questions asked. Its fun, challenging, long and not expensive. Long review short: A nominee for my game of the year!"
,Not Recommended,262960,29852526,Posted: 11 February,all,CrazySeanDX,"If you're a masochist, this game is for you. Otherwise, you'll probably not enjoy it. Glad I got a refund for it."
,Not Recommended,262960,15930515,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,VanOrdinaire,"I've tried this game after multiple updates and it still plays no music, only sound effects, even after checking the options and setting both music and sound at 100%.  I can't recommend this until this bug is fixed."
,Recommended,262960,14344571,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Mort,"Everyone should check out this game, it's addictive and punishing and the music is phenomenal in a nostalgic chiptune way. Definitely a throw back to the games a lot of us 80s kids grew up with. It also costs about the same as a latte, so how can you go wrong giving it a try?"
76561198046981959,Not Recommended,262960,17450766,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,12eye.NoWish,"So. My first review on any game on steam. Why this game? TL;DR, it sucks. so. much. ""but whyyy"". Many things, I'll try to keep it short. There is no map, why. You run around and of course the path branches off. You take one, branching again, and again. Suddenly, boss. You die miserably. Let's go back, but where to!? There is no sense of direction, you just backtrack to find some item that makes the boss beatable, speaking of which: You need the right item, always. This game has this illusion of choice, enemies simply become unbeatable with the wrong item ""choices"". You die, often. Every minute, why? because you're bad? No. Because the game's ""traps"" are either invisible or if not yet killed by impossible to dodge. You simply get killed for no reason, BUT NOW YOU KNOW, that at that exact spot is a trap. The game doesn't really teach you much any other way. There are apparently mechanics that never get used, like reflecting projectiles. (srsly, why implent it if you can't literally reflect any afterwards, you try anyways and die ofcourse.) Safe points are sometimes 3 screens apart, sometimes 50. (wtf). You collect money, fooor...? There are sometimes mechants selling exactly 1 item. Wow. Much choice, so grind. I forgot about dodging things, enemies can turn immidiately, while you merely ""swing"" back. Your sword has the basically the range of male genetalia, so yeah, you cannt dodge simple enemy movement, which is just unfair. You get magic to help you out range-wise. You use it. You ONLY use magic. You run around waiting for it to charge, because you suck at melee. But again, the game forces you to change strategies by simply making enemies immune, wow. Btw most of the bosses are immune to every sort of magic, makes sense, right? I have now roughly played 3-4 hours, still playing right now. There are teleporters all over the place that are inactive (why). Ah, and after you beat your goddamn boss ( I forgot to mention that bosses always have exactly one strategy to beat, the mechanics are so simple my little brother could programm those.) you can ask yourself: Where is the next safe point, which heals me. (thats the only way to heal). You can backtrack, but can you make it with your low health? All the way back? Well, you can try advancing into the unknown, where any reasonable dev would place a safe point near, not this one. After every boss I ALWAYS go back and safe. had to repeat many bosses because afterwards no safe point for 20 screens, and lots of fun traps.TO SUM IT UP: This game lacks about everything and it's ""difficulty"" comes from all the unfair things happening to you. You run around and remember things, you don't solve any problems, you learn to avoid them. Without a sense of direction and the really cheap story you feel lost all the time. Equipping different items to suit your style is also not feasible, cause enemies need hard counters. I bought this for 2,50 and more would be overpriced, honestly. It copies castlevania and stuff (probably for fun) but even those old games had better graphic, better music, better gameplay, better exploration and just about everything. Castle in the darkness sucks."
,Recommended,262960,14379168,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,「蛍火」 Keika,"Get this game.If you're looking at the store page it's because you like or are interested in 8bits platformers/action. So look no further, just press 'add to cart', then 'checkout' and a few dollars later you will have the best thing that's happened in 2015 so far (not that there is much of a challenge but we'll see how this statement holds in december).The gameplay is top-notch (be warned that the joystick detection might not work, as far as I'm concerned I had to use Joy2Key), the jumps are precise and the level design feels great. There is a lot of variety in levels, ennemies and bosses, and each victory feels rewarding.Of course, there is a huge 'retro' feels to the game, with influences coming from everywhere; from mario to metroid, including wonderboy and zelda, the game is guaranteed to make you smile at some point, especially by the way it twists thoses influences and experience-related gamer reflexes in a humourous and often painful ways; but most of all the game stands out on its own, feeling as a completly new experience rather than a 'tribute' game.It is challenging and you will die a lot, but the savepoint placement is carefully thought to minimize the frustration and let you think about how you screwed up and how you can do better the next time around."
,Not Recommended,262960,29435536,Posted: 22 January,all,demon_boy53,"Part of being a ""8 bit revival"" or ""16 bit revival"" game is recognizing what made old games on the NES and SNES good and using that. Not using every single mechanic from the days of the NES and SNES regardless of whether it's fair or not.Play Shovel Knight instead, this is just another one of those games that thinks lazy game design is okay just simply because ""Oh, Castlevania did that,"" or ""Zelda II did this so why are you complaining?"".Those games were good for their time, but they WEREN'T perfect. No game is."
76561198264258065,Not Recommended,262960,25610999,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Kyotsu,"this has to one of the worst games i've ever played. the amount of input lag in this game is so ridiculous that you can't even pull off simple jumps because it either wont jump or the character wont stop moving in the direction. how exactly does this game get frame lag? i could basically play this game on a toaster with a screen yet it manages to lag and disregard your inputs while lagging. it feels like castlevania dark souls but not because its actually that hard, but because it has so much input lag. also the music doesn't even last 2 minutes before looping."
,Recommended,262960,15471004,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,PSI Magnet α,This is the best video game I've ever played. Literally no flaws.
76561198060575843,Recommended,262960,23163377,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Goya,It's a game about spikes.
,Recommended,262960,14702177,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dakazo,"I'm going to put the TL;DR at the top: This is a challenging game with a lot of value for it's low price. It's not perfect but it's enjoyable.This feels just like a Cave Story/Castelvania/Mega Man kinda game, with good platforming and a bunch of enemies that you can tackle in different ways.My particular copy of the game seems to have some audio issues, so I can't say anything about the music or sounds.Though I do like the level design, there are a few issues I have with the mechanics, namely that attacking while on the ground greatly hinders your movement. You keep mommentum in the air, but there were a lot of times I went to attack an enemy while running only to have my movement halted. It's difficult for me to get used to but ultimately for the design of the game it does actually help you not run headlong into enemies that take more than one hit to kill.Bosses are pretty epic, at least visually. They can be daunting and tricky at first but once you figure out their very simple patterns it only takes some patience and a steady pattern of hitting them once or twice when you get your chance and then backing off.One thing about the game that feels a little cheap in my opinion is how little health you have. There are ways to increase your health and defense, but so far as I've played, the few upgrades I've gotten barely feel like they make a difference. Just about everything kills me in about 3 or 4 hits, while even the weakest of enemies take at least 2 or 3 hits from my weapon.The world is mazelike, with a bunch of faux branching paths that, as far as I've played, end in a locked door, loop back to the main path eventually, or require you to have the double jump upgrade to reach them. This wouldn't be so bad if the double jump weren't so apparently late in the game. 3 hours in and I'm already going to have to do tons of back tracking to the beginning of the game just to get to some double jump sections. Some things this game lacks that would make this far less dreadful is if there were more warp points for the warping item you eventually get (I've only passed 2 so far and I'm somewhere in like level 5) or, in my opinion most importantly, a map system that allows you to track you path through areas you've already visited.The lack of a map is the main thing that makes this game feel like a maze, as you're never quite sure where you are or which way you need to go to back track to a save point (Which is far safer than trying to make it to the next one, believe me). While this can be good for the exploration aspect of the game, I feel that that kind of approach is far better suited to a game that doesn't require large amounts of back tracking, as this game seems it will involve.The game is challenging but again, it feels the difficulty is stemmed mainly from the fact that you have so little health and that there are no heath pick ups. The only way to regain health is to pass a save point or grab an item that increases your max health.There are other nit-picky things about this game I don't like, such as how the health bar doesn't feel like it accurately depicts how much health you actually have, or the lack of a means to attack directly down or up (Like the down and up slashes you can get in Zelda II).This game does have some glitches, none of them game breaking (at least as far as I've seen) and some of them are actually a bit silly.Ultimately, despite it's flaws, this game is very challenging and kind of fun. I love that it feels very much like Cave Story, a game I love and highly recommend. From what I've seen it has a LOT to offer for a game that's only $6."
,Recommended,262960,14413594,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Vegan War,10/10. One of the best Metroidvania style gmes I have played in a long time.
,Recommended,262960,14344709,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,PrimalTundra,"""Okay, so it's a side-scrolling RPG-platformer. It has SIX buttons? Huh...""""Oh I can just spam attack and everything will die!""""Oh that big guy is pretty resistant to 'spam attack'... *10 deaths later* I actually have to think and learn Refreshing!""I like this game already. After just over an hour of playing, I've died over 50 times, learned how to tackle different types of enemies and even brushed up on my 2D platforming (which I suck at).The best part about this is just how cheap this game is. You should definitely buy this as it is well worth the price tag (£3.97 at time of writing) considering it will actually provide something that AAA games do not. A challenge."
,Recommended,262960,14344095,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,DriftNinjaElite,"Fun game, lots of potential to be exceptionally good. Wait for a patch.This game is basically a hard version of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night meets Mario. It is a ton of fun if you can get past the massive amount of bugs. Have some patience and keep trying, you will find its worth putting up with some of them. There are save points everywhere so save often and you should be fine. To clarify, you don't actually level up, but everytime you beat a boss you get a stats increase. You can only access your menu at the save points, and this game could do with some sort of map.You -MAY- have to reinstall the game like i did on the first go, but that should fix the problem. This game seems to be stuck in Windowed mode (edit you can change the setting in options), so if that bothers you i would pass on this for now.Running Windows 8.1 and an Nvidea 745M graphics card if that helps anyone else having difficulty getting this to work."
76561198043129389,Not Recommended,262960,21367877,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Air Powered Prick,This is a really cute game I would LOVE to enjoy but I simply can't because the way it is coded makes it impossible to enjoy. I don't know if the game is just coded badly or the dev used some engine that's just awful so it isn't even much of his fault / there is nothing he can do about it. So I admire his ambitions and this game would be fun and great if it worked but it doesn't. Here are some problems I have: The game tends to lock up on start so it takes me like 3 times or more in order to get it to work. I usually just start the exe inside the Steam folder because launching it straight through Steam seems to cause trouble. While it is a retro platformer it has trouble with a controller. Basically the game is NOT playable with a controller (I use an Xbox 360 controller). Saving and staring and restarting the game (if you die) takes like 10 seconds each time if you are using a controller! It's more than frustrating and maybe not even the devs fault but once again the fault of the engine he uses but lets be fair: As a gamer / customer I only care about the final result and if a game isn't playable for whatever reasons it just isn't any fun. The game also tends to SLOW DOWN like hell most of the times so it's super slow and running at like 1 FPS and lagging like hell. I've got a good enough computer to play modern titles without any problems so once again: badly coded.I also get annoyed by the music. It is the same song looping over and over and over again. Awful. Maybe the song later changes but in the time I've played it the song didn't change at all and I've got the feeling it won't. I also find the game to be quite hard and unfair at certain times but this might as well just be me being a bad gamer. So the biggest problem and the reason why I do NOT recommend it: With all it's bugs it's just unplayable - unfortunately. This could be a great title. I will NOT ask for a Steam refund to get my money back because 1) I want to support little indie devs 2) I hope the developer will actually work on his game and fix it (now that he got some money from it).
,Recommended,262960,16126616,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");","At first I was undecided about this game because the starting weapon and armor sucked which made the game kinda hard. If you miss one door that leads to the key to the clock tower it makes the game really hard and you will die a hundred deaths within the first 2 hours of gameplay like I did which sucked. Once I upgraded to the boomerang, axe and second armor I was pretty content with this game. Lots of boss battles. Retro feal. I even enabled scanlines to make it more retro which is a nice effect. I recommend this game to people who pay attention to details like that one door that I missed. Oh well you learn from your mistakes."
76561198092573192,Not Recommended,262960,24242678,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,koinzell,I Wanna be the Guythe knight verspikes everywhereand areas that reqires you to be really 100% perfuctthe movement is really slippery making it harder then it isits cheeply hard.
,Not Recommended,262960,18419806,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Pat Major,PROS:-Soundtrack-Art StyleCONS:-Unavoidable hazards-Atrocious boss battles-Terrible checkpoints-Punishes you for no reason-Raises your blood pressure-Waste of $3 (on sale price)-No helpful walkthroughs online-Secrets that can only be found accidentally are the only way to stand a chance against bosses2/10 Spend your money elsewhere
,Recommended,262960,16005606,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,"Greg, Lord of All Elements","Like NES-styled platformers? Like unforgiving pixel-perfect jumps? Like simple, easy-to-explore locations, backtracking with additional items, and tons of secrets? Like it all in a cute, small, short little package? Then you might like Castle in the Darkness.For the first half of the game I was like ""man, people on the forums be wack, this game ain't hard"", but then a few of those aformentioned ""pixel-perfect jumps"" show up and.. yeah. Be glad for the plentitude of save points, you'll be using 'em.In short: a fun, worth-the-money experience for those who like cute challenging -vania platformers."
,Recommended,262960,16061408,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Delmaru,"This game is fantastic. It's pretty much a Metroidvania game, albeit a bit harder than most actual Castlevania games of the same genre. Very short, I beat it in under 10 hours with 100%, and only died about 250 times for my first playthrough. It's worth what I paid, though, even with its very minor problems. If you like Metroidvanias, or hard games, I cannot reccomend enough."
76561198041686787,Recommended,262960,14472092,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,m16Ashigaru,Would have bought even if it was released by E(enforcing) A(rts)
,Recommended,262960,22639290,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,akosnikowski1,"Really fun game. There are elements of everything good from retro games like metroid mega man castlevania and mario. The developers also made Cave Story, so if you're a plan of that play style you will love this game."
76561197966385727,Recommended,262960,23158360,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Evilnapkin,One of the best.
,Recommended,262960,14458143,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,argoth83,"A challenging and fun little metroidvania title, this game is well worth the price tag on it.  It's full of references to other such games, and there are a lot of secrets to find.  Oh, you'll die quite a bit, but you'll damn well have fun while you're doing it.  The soundtrack is also quite good."
,Recommended,262960,14467119,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,DOGDWARF,"Cheap price for a fun game! It plays like a combination of Metroid and Mega Man, bringing back the simple fun and difficulty of NES and SNES games."
,Not Recommended,262960,20292946,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,knightimex,"Amazing game until the spikes become obnoxious.The spikes ruin the fun and will eventually kill your interest.Some places require pixel perfect jumps and with controls feeling a bit wonkey in response time (sometimes your characters doesn't even jump properly when falling off a ledge) will make for an extremely unenjoyable experience.If it wasn't for that aspect of the game, this is a fantastic title.Prepare to wear out the right side of the D-pad.Don't know what I'm talking about? Oh you will, my friend... You. Will."
,Not Recommended,262960,19083540,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Dude Cakes,"Not worth it for the price of the game, It's fun at first, but gets really old-really quick."
76561198153191292,Recommended,262960,18775179,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,BellChime,"Wanted a pleasant experience, this was on sale, I figured that thatg was a good combo, I now want to just curl up and wait for it to be over. Why, why must you punish us so."
76561198101813095,Recommended,262960,17531729,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Hijikata99,"It's certainly no Dark Souls, but one should be prepared to die on many, many occasions. Hundreds to thousands of deaths later, it's still enjoyable from beginning to end. Great soundtrack, plenty of items/secrets to find, and lots of references to the early days of gaming."
,Not Recommended,262960,17160633,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Dozenbeer,"This game is not the action platformer you wanna play.Pros:+ many easter eggs and homages+ nice soundtrack+ retro-nostalgic feelCons:- the controls are not fluent which is my main flaw to not recommend it to anybody. You die more often of the sloppy control than of your skill based gameplay- try and error....I just hate it in this kind of game. You go one specific way and spend an hour on it, because you die so much on the way, only to find out, that you needed a key to even go that way......such a waste of time and energy- this is not a metrodvania. You have to backtrack, but its not in the same genre....enemies respawn, there is no map and you often go in the wrong direction the first time, where in metroidvania games you can come back to reveal a secret or an obvious new path.- the screen transition is so awkward. It happens instantly, leaving you right open for an enemie without any time to reorientate yourself. There are also several screens, where you push to the right and fall right into a trap or spikes, because the transition gives you no time to even see the new screen.- checkpoints are placed to annoy you. they are so far away at times, that you have to redo bossbattles at times.....or you must backtrack after every bossfight, which is tedious and only sucks up on your time.I got way too many good games to focus on. and Im glad Steam introduced its refund system. Dont get this game, you will regret it, until you love to redo the same areas over and over and want that time consuming challenge."
76561198165578964,Recommended,262960,32935510,Posted: 28 June,all,"AM I REALLY LOST? no, no im not","Pass through the fire to the lightpass through the fire to the lightIt's best not to wait for luck to save youpass through the fire to the lightAs you pass through the fire, your right hand wavingthere are things you have to throw outThat caustic dread inside your headwill never help you outYou have to be very strong, 'cause you'll start from zeroover and over againAnd as the smoke clears there's an all consuming firelying straight ahead--Magic and LossCute game."
76561198098598276,Recommended,262960,29973409,Posted: 16 February,all,Doe,"Expect to die ALOT, however this game is tons of fun. There are enough save points that dying really isn't an issue sure you'll get upset but feel that much better when you finally make that impossible jump. if you beat the game fully you get NG+ which adds more items and challenges. Also lots of NES references to look out for. if you like MetroidVania gameplay give this one a spin."
76561198025101631,Recommended,262960,15134483,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Benjamillion,"From Nicalis, the same indie company that brought us Cave Story has dished out another 2D platform action adventure, this time from an American developer. As some descriptions of the game mention already, the game has a Metroidvania feel as you fight hordes of monsters from the Kingdom of Alexandria with the role of an unnamed hero.The challenge has a nice sweet spot for veteran gamers, and you'll often find yourself dying until you find your way out of a section as the game progresses. It's a nice treat for fans of platformers, and well worth the money.(SPOILER WARNING BELOW)As much fun with the game I had with the exploration, there are also nostalgia-based references throughout some of the game. If you're familiar with the NES game, Monster Party, you'll find a couple of faces that you're sure to point out immediately, and there's also the Vigo painting straight out of Ghostbusters II. But goofy references aside, I give this a buyers approval. It's not one to miss!"
76561198097116085,Recommended,262960,28676785,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Zedia,"10/10 imo.I bought this game since it was 2,49 on sale thinking ''oh well might aswell at that price''one of the best decissions I've ever made, I love this game.+The Music (very NES)The graphic style.Spells, weapon selection-Hm, no clue. If you dont like insta death then dont buy it ;)"
,Recommended,262960,29025365,Posted: 4 January,all,GreatBlakes,"I actually enjoyed this game while at the same time agreeing with others' comments about hit boxes and stuff. It's very challenging and the feeling of finally beating a boss is a huge relief. I never beat the game before I had to reinstall Windows on my computer, so the fact that it doesn't have Steam Cloud means I'll never play it again, unfortunately."
76561198066269351,Recommended,262960,29048493,Posted: 5 January,all,Milk_Ninja,"If you think you'll enjoy a game that takes many gameplay elements of the original castlevaina and adds lots of percision jumping where you die many, many times between save points, then this is the game for you.  It starts off enjoyable enough, however as the game progresses there are an increasing number of situations that cause instant death and I got quite bored of it. I was around 250 deaths by time I get to the final area, at which point I realized I hadn't been enjoying the game since about the halfway point. Overall worth the money that I paid, but I can't say I much cared for repetition of going through the same area because you die so much."
,Recommended,262960,29124721,Posted: 8 January,all,OneiriCat,"fun, really challenging, at times very unfair and dumb, but overall a fun experience, with lots of cool stuff. SOME OF THE WEAPONS ARE REALLY ♥♥♥♥ED UP (♥♥♥♥ING BOOMERANG) AND IT CAN GET EXTREMELY FRUSTRATING WITH ALL THE GLITCHES AND♥♥♥♥♥♥ But i'd still recommend it, although I wish the devs would fix those bugs, like the character glitching and walking in the same direction eternally without, the controls getting ♥♥♥♥ed up at times, the fullscreen not working on windows 10, or the boomerang being so unreliable, as well as the boss hitboxes being very finicky and really hard to hit when using certain weapons LIKE THE ♥♥♥♥ING BOOMERANG7/10"
,Recommended,262960,15710949,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Powerful Cow,"One of the best platformers of all time.- Advantages:1) 99.5% fair (except for one boss that I personally hate but that's okay);2) If you can't beat 'em, keep calm and go farm;Seriously. If the boss is too hard for you to deal with, go back and search for stronger weapons/armor, new magic and hp ups.3) The variety of locations and monsters.Even though actually it doesn't matter whom to fight, because the tactic is always the same, but the bosses usually need some time to understand their moves and to beat them. Also, the locations usually have different interesting platforming parts and they all look different.3.1) Music.Each location has own, unexcelled music. I could spend hours staying in one place and just listening to it, just cause of how great it is.4) Hard : Fair : Thrilling = 1 : 1 : 1It is very rare, to my mind, to see a platformer that is hard and fair at the same time. But CITD is definately in this list! I highly admire this game for it, and that's why it never let me get bored during my 5-hour stay.5) LengthThe game only took me 5hrs to complete it for 100%, but that's actually good because it didn't even have a chance to start annoying me.- Disadvantages:1) The variety of weapons/armor/magic.The problem is that even though there are ~12 weapons and 8 armor pieces, they only improve from one to another and you most likely won't ever wear your previous weapon/armor. To make matters worse, although there are ranged weapons like bow or boomerang, they have awful damage and it is never good to use them. As for magic, I only used 2-3 spells during the game because I enjoyed only them. However, I can't say anything about the variety of those spells, because you most likely will find one to your taste no matter how hard you try to find them.Taking everything into account, I will never regret spending money on this game and I'm glad I've found it."
76561198238963108,Recommended,262960,25717578,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,jefegrijander,"Its difficult to make a critic of this game. If you like old school, this is for you, NO DOUBT. It has everything: all the references, easy controls, just three actions (attack, jump and magic), beautiful and different levels really well chained, and a terrific music that you will probably sing the whole day.BUT!Theres a really disappointing aspect in the level design: Last level is just unplayable. It changes from an old school to an ""I wanna be the boshy"" style. I felt it wasn't worth the effort. It just GETS BORING. And we are not talking about an ""old-schools-were-this-way"" issue. Nope. This is a bad level design. C'mon, I never played again after defeating the final boss. It's not worth the effort trying to jump over the infinite spikes once and again. The final boss was SO easy compared to spikes that I even felt cheated.Volgarr the viking is an extremely tough game, but I always come back and play, even just a first stage, or change to another stage and have a good fight. Same with first Castlevania, tough but lovely, challenging, magical,... great. But here, nah, I just got fed up. Better designed bosses, that deal with your ability to jump and attack would have been a way better idea. But jumping over spikes just got boring. Even in my worst Castlevania nightmares never faced that situation. NEVER get bored of all their unfair deaths. Even enjoyed the Dacula X, with the final fight over those columns. But here spikes make it just impossible. It becomes an ""I wanna be the boshy"", and thats NOT what i wanted. If I want that, i get Wings of Vi, which is really focused on unfair fighting to the point of making it beautiful."
,Recommended,262960,33586292,Posted: 16 July,all,DarkKodKod,"This is my type of game, 2d action platform adventure. I love this retro NES style and the fact there are hidden stuff all over, and is really fun to play and master. When you first die you will see a death count and yes... it is one of those games. You will die a lot. It reminds me VVVVVV but that game was shorter and I been playing this game for 7 hours and I am half way through and the difficul skyrocket like hell... I am too old for this. I was really enjoying the game but I had to stop, there are more games to have fun and not get stressed to play and I only recommend this game for someone who wants to beat a very difficult game like VVVVVV, and compared to that game, that was easy. My critic is you have to collect armor, weapons and mafic but you buy one thing at the very beggining and thats it, the rest you have to find it if you are lucky and have fun with the the crappy sword from the beggining."
,Recommended,262960,31219579,Posted: 18 April,all,Chemical Taint,Overall - It's good. There is plenty of frustration but there is also plenty to explore and plenty of fun to be had. The save points are just frequent enough that the challenge seems worth it and the warps help with any back tracking. It's  great action platformer that could sit on a shelf right next to Castlevania and Ninja Gaiden.
,Recommended,262960,14524201,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Yobby,"Castle in the Darkness is one of the hardest games I've taken on in a long time, and I mean DIFFICULT. However, that's not a bad thing in the slightest.CitD is a pixel-styled 2D platformer/beat 'em up, but in no way does that make it unoriginal. The world is surprisingly open, and the textures are top notch. Around every corner, in every area, there's secrets to be found. Some of these secrets are actually quite massive (namely, the hidden areas-Ex, Torture Chamber). Reminiscent of Castlevania, this game will slap you in the face for even attempting it, and require you to slap it back to progress. Its the kind of game that forces you to analyze bosses, and enemies before you can even come close to beating them. It may be contraversial to come out with this, but I think it does the whole ""NES-gen gameplay replication"" thing many times better than even Shovel Knight.A solid 9/10, but definitely not a game for people with fragile controllers, or short tempers. So far, the best game of 2015."
76561198138420434,Recommended,262960,14641823,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,zerk898,"This is one of the best games made by Nicalis. Challenging yet rewarding in every side scroller, aspect. It introduces great simplistic, gameplay mechanics that you use to your advantage just as much as you fail trying. I strongly recommend buying this game for anyone who is a fan of 8-Bit sid scrollers. You may rage quit, however in the end you always find some reason to either still play the game or get back to playing it later."
,Recommended,262960,35150805,Posted: 23 September,all,N00byGamerPlayz,"This game is awesome! Very Addicting! Very Challenging! There are many dumb ♥♥♥♥s in this world who thinks this game is bc and complaining that's too hard. Anybody who finds this insulting can ♥♥♥♥ themselves! It's an awesome game inspired by Castlevania games, developed by Matt Kapp and published by Nicalis, the creator of Cave Story+."
,Not Recommended,262960,18187379,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Wild Matsu (無法松),"This game is... OK. I love this style of game, and I played this game because games in this style are rare, but honestly, I wouldn't recommend this game to most people. The game's high difficultly frankly makes it not very fun. I've played and enjoyed games harder than this; this game's problem is that it doesn't use its difficulty well. This brand of difficulty and exploration don't really mix well. The difficulty makes exploration really risky, and makes backtracking a pain.If you love this style of game as much as I do, you'll get some enjoyment out of it, but only when you've exhausted dozens of better games. If you don't, I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,262960,18775183,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Lyceaos,"i was hoping to enjoy this game but its controller support is non-exhistant, it has the option listed but it does not work every time you go into the configuration it failes to let you switch to joystick/joypad or whatever word you choose to use it forces you to use the keyboard when it says it has the option for a controller, i love the idea but someone needs to get on this problem and patch it"
76561198000895832,Not Recommended,262960,18957373,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Thundercleez,"Good ideas but terrible execution. The unskippable cutscenes, that you'll need to watch many times over, poorly designed room layouts, terribly placed checkpoints, and no map result in a poor experience to what would have otherwise been a great game."
76561198036164392,Not Recommended,262960,18271334,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,gunmetal-pink,"Sluggish controller support, floaty inaccurate jumping, and no pause function (at all). A Metroid-style game that fails to understand what made Super Metroid a tight game with less awful backtracking. Instead there is sudden, massive backtracking through dull looking levels that are barely utilised by the low jumping height of the small character. I got to a point where I couldn't continue and was apparently expected to backtrack to who knows where for who knows what that was forever back, and I just thought ""You're ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me?!"" I'm not going back to this mess of a game. In a world where Super Metroid exists (and is still available, at that), a game so inferior (to such an old game) is completely unnecessary."
,Not Recommended,262960,18435811,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Shawnecy,"Decent game. Has it's share of old school platformer annoyances, some blind jumps, and a very punishing checkpoint system. Overall decent and polished, but I'd only recommend it if you're really a diehard old school platformer lover."
,Not Recommended,262960,23364044,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Moogle Emperor,"Some games are retro in the best way, striving to be as good in reality as the games of past eras appear through rose tinted glasses. Some are labeled retro simply because they're 2D, even though their design and even visuals have nothing to do with older titles and probably wouldn't have been possible on the machines of the past.Some ape the forms and functions of older games in total. Castle in the Darkness is one of those, and the problem with it is that most of those games were, in fact, kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥Enemies with unclear hit boxes, bland color palette, small and undetailed sprites, deaths that can only be avoided by memorizing the locations of traps, bosses you can cheese by finding spots in their arenas they can't touch (but which are otherwise exercises in tedium, with tiny hitboxes you always have to jump to strike), no map and no sense of forward momentum. If you're devoted to the actuality of middling NES titles as well as the memory of them, you may find all of this charming. I found it, like the games it was attempting to evoke, a reminder of why we've left all this stuff behind, and why the very best titles like Mario and Mega Man generally didn’t have it to begin with.Castle in the Darkness would have been an okay game in the 80s, but we’re decades away from that being good enough for a commercial release."
,Not Recommended,262960,24628527,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Reeze The Vampire,"A game that prides itself on how unfair it can be with awkward controls, glidy movement, lazy mechanics, and unfair enemy design. it took me all of twenty minutes before I was so dissapointed I tried to return it. Now, before you talk about how I just don't like a challenge, I will inform you that I have a platimun in all of the souls games. I love a good challege. However, there is a difference between a challenging/difficult game, and an unfair game. The hitboxes on your character are huge, and those of the enemies hardly exist. I specifically remember one enemy who throws knives very early in the game. If you get hit twice by these knives you die, if you touch him, you're inta-killed, and this is the best part, you can only hit his head. So no body shots count. This guy runs back and forth, throwing knives everywhere, and you're lucky if you can land a hit. I died to this guy about 50 times, assumed the rest of the game would be no better as far as fair gameplay is concerned, and stopped playing."
,Recommended,262960,14475939,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Filthy McNasty,Like a mixture of Shovel Knight and Wings of Vi. So that means it's pretty dang good. The only bad thing I can think of is that it is lacking in something that Wings of Vi has...boobs.
,Recommended,262960,14350734,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,A well executed nostalgia piece for a reasonable price. Includes references to many popular titles from the 80s and 90s.
,Not Recommended,262960,15765048,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Wulf,Metroidvania game that gets repetitive fairly quickly.
,Recommended,262960,14380471,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,[ND] Craftmoon,"If you like cave story, this game is a must."
76561198016128990,Not Recommended,262960,29267695,Posted: 15 January,all,hangeronastove,"If you like the core gameplay, you will like it. If you are lukewarm or worse on it, you'll likely be repulsed. I don't think this game will mesh with the majority of players. However, it has some decent ideas and levels. See my full thoughts here:http://coreyotm.com/2017/01/15/citd/"
76561197988491993,Not Recommended,262960,17213279,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,IanAJ,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME.
,Recommended,262960,18795767,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,genoforprez,"TLDR: Even though the metroidvania gameplay is great, absolutely do not buy this game unless you enjoy ludicriously difficult platforming (which often means replaying the same stretch of level thirty times). You should also be okay with the game killing you with ""prank"" deaths and insta-death cheap shots. This game is full of that sh** and it does it more and more as you get further into it.What do I mean by ""prank"" deaths and cheap shots? Here are a few examples:Early in the game you find a Mario style pipe sticking out of the ground. There is a sign beside it that says ""Stay out of the sewer pipe!"" So naturally you jump into the sewer pipe. It's just a narrow tube that drops you directly onto a bed of spikes. [developertrollface.jpeg]There is a cave in the game made of jagged grey rocks. As you're climbing a jagged upward slope, the devs put a single grey spike right in the middle of the slope, completely blended in with the rocks. What, you didn't see the deliberately camouflaged spike and accidentally touched it and insta-died? [developertrollface.jpeg]Not to mention the countless, countless, countless times that, spikes fall from the ceiling and instantly kill you. Sometimes you can see them and avoid them, if you remember to look for it, constantly, at all possible times. But also sometimes they'll just fall from beyond the top edge of the screen somewhere like the p*ssed off hand of god deciding that, no, actually, your life is over now, because f*** you that's why. [developertrollface.jpeg]I ultimately got too p*ssed at this game and decided not to finish it. I recommend this game because the metroidvania elements really ARE good, but the prank deaths and the meatboy bulls*** ruined it for me. But if you like that sort of thing, then you're gonna love this.FAIR WARNING, though, for people who just want the metroidvania but aren't into the uber difficult platformer fad."
76561197991757162,Not Recommended,262960,26068245,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,DooMinatioN,"Very fun game but controls are really bad. If you are usign keyboard it is ok (still assingning jump key to up arrow causese menu problems). I have 2 logitech controllers (f310 and f710) and both  them don't work.[pros]- very very fun game[cons]- control problems (Developer, please fix controller problems.)- sometimes doesn't go fullscreen."
,Recommended,262960,14347089,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Clúracán,"This game is amazing, hard as nipples in a blizzard but absolutely amazing."
,Not Recommended,262960,18829695,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Anon,"I wanted to like this game, it looked pretty neat in the videos with an old-style retro 8-bit look. The health bar needs to changed from what looks like 15 bars which I thought was the number of times you can be hit, to 3 blocks at the max. One hit from anything, I mean anything takes a third of the health bar away so I don't know why there are so many bars at the top. 3 hits max and you're dead everytime. Quit after 30 mins playing, not as good as I thought it was going to be unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,262960,18319817,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Mazjerai,Waste of time and money. Trying to be a side scrolling Dark Souls but fails. Goes out of its way to put you in maddeningly repetitious circumstances and fails to reward your successes with any advancement. Do yourself a favor and find a better metroidvania game with longer music loops.
76561198134255796,Not Recommended,262960,20508779,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Hash Slinging Slasher,"Was looking for a game like Castlevania but this one ist just plain annoying.No real RPG elements just stupid traps which instakill you, so that you have to do the same ***** again. Its not even difficult just repetitive and boring."
,Recommended,262960,14441657,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Dr Honey Badger,Do you want this game? You do want this game.
76561198069391991,Not Recommended,262960,20577329,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Gileadx,terrible
,Recommended,262960,17465232,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,flimnit,"Awesome entry in the metroid-vania genre. Great weapons, magic and bosses. My biggest criticism would be the lack of any sort of map."
,Recommended,262960,17155690,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,pango,"Old school difficulty, like on the NES."
,Recommended,262960,28615759,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,benaji261,This game is outstanding!Plugged in my Xbone controller and it's perfect and challenging! Would totally recommend it to all my friends! 10/10
76561198013303805,Recommended,262960,14381154,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ragna the Slutedge,"For 18 years I've waited for a sequel to my most beloved franchise, Castlevania. And as far as I can tell this is as good as I'm going to get. This is an incredibly well done platformer, one that me and the cats that frequent my balcony have taken to calling ""Mega Man-Vania"" If you're a fan of either franchise I urge you to jump on this, because neither of them seem to be on the verge of coming back any time soon.Gameplay is simple. You walk, you jump, you attack, maybe hold attack for a magic spell not unlike Mega Mans Mega Buster. I have noticed an issue of slowdown on some of the bosses thus far, though not game breaking it warrants a mention, it's most noteable on bosses. I've yet to see it break the game, but it may make you resort to some less than proud tactics. So far it hasn't been a gamebreaking issue however.If you enjoyed the NES-era Mega Man and Castlevania games this is certainly worth a look, especially at a paltry 6 dollars. As for people online comparing it to Dark Souls, they must be afflicted with an intellectual disability. I haven't seen one mechanic common to the two. Well it counts your deaths I guess. Thats the same.TLDR: CitD = Mega Man-Vania"
,Not Recommended,262960,18756936,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Not Dante,It's basically a worse version of Castlevania II. It's based off of grinding to getting the better items to progress through the game.
,Not Recommended,262960,18363553,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Lyric,"Honestly, the game itself was relatively fun when it originally started out, but the constant game-destroying glitches made it unplayable in many cases and resulted in rage-quitting or shutting the game off forcefully with task manager.If they polished the game up further, it might deserve a higher rating, but truthfully I find this game was not worth the 6 dollars I paid for it and had it refunded."
,Not Recommended,262960,18806452,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,tv,"The game looks good, the soundtrack is amazing, the retro visuals are beautiful, but the controls are so clunky and unresponsive that's kinda hard to play it. The game is already hard, and the bad controls make it even worse. Such a shame, the game looked really cool in the videos and pictures. I don't care about the difficulty, because i'm used to games like Spelunky and The Binding of Isaac, the controls are the problem here."
76561198073724355,Recommended,262960,21077018,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Bijac,great game
,Recommended,262960,16462509,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,smm,how do i beat the one eyed boss (first stage)
76561198056613518,Not Recommended,262960,14376433,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,wyrdwad,"This is very definitely not the game for me.My first clue was the retry screen that pops up whenever you die, as it keeps a running tally of how many times you've died, and the display for it is like... 6 digits long? 7, even? And although it's not as cruel and obnoxious as 1001 Spikes so far, it's still one of those games that gives you a life meter, but then makes spikes (whether on the ground or falling from the ceiling) one-hit kills. And revels in putting falling blocks above them, narrow blocks or sudden enemy spawns below them, etc.I play games like this to explore and have fun, not constantly watch my back for instant-death traps. Castle in the Darkness has very quickly gone from a game I was excited for to a game I will probably never touch again....At least it was only $5."
,Not Recommended,262960,15597430,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Spiteful Crow,"Do you like backtracking, poorly spaced save points, and obtuse level design? Then you'll love this game! If not, there are less painful alternatives to fun, such as working your face over with a cheese grater."
,Not Recommended,262960,14836400,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Mikaroni,"This is one of those games with a blisteringly strog difficulty. If you buy this game, be sure to have an extra controller after you break yours, and don't have kids in the room, as you will swear constantly. The worst thing about this game is that you will regularly beat a hard boss, or get past a hard room, and get an item that you really need, only to have to go back to a save point and hope you don't die, or you will lose everything. You will constantly lose everything. Set yourself up for nostalgia (cool secrets and pop culture from the NES era) and unfortunately dissapointment. I completed about 54% of the game, and decided to quit permanently since it is just so hard and highly stressful. Buy at your own risk!"
,Recommended,262960,14348218,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Pretentieux,"This ♥♥♥♥ing game right here is brilliant.  Better than Shovel Knight.  I liked SK, but it wasn't what I was looking for.  This is the ACTUAL Sark Douls of 2D action platformers."
,Not Recommended,262960,23250677,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Pendulous,"Spikes are instant death. Jumps are nearly frame-perfect. First ""boss"" requires you to be close enough to hit him that he also does damage to you. movement does not flow well enough to make up for these perfect-requiring jumps. Attacking requires you to stop. I don't feel like thsi game could be considered a ""metroidvania"" game until it's more forgiving."
,Not Recommended,262960,25169825,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Girthquake,"Frustrating. That's the best way I can describe this game. I haven't made it all the way through, but I'm not sure I will at this rate and I don't give up easily.-The hitboxes on bosses are too small so you take tremendous damage running into them-Sword is to short (see above)-Insta-kill spikes. Even the ones falling from the ceiling kill you in one hit-Uncreative bosses. One of the selling points is that there are so many, but they are all pretty bland as a result.-All enemies hit you for a third of your health. Until I got the plate armor, everything could kill you in three hits. Might as well have just used hearts.It's an amalgamation of all your favorite games from the 2-D sidescrolling days, but without the charm and balance. I don't recommend unless you feel like your day is going too well and you just want to ruin it."
,Not Recommended,262960,22527780,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,drone110266,Didn't like the controls. Using the keyboard only made it rather clumsy
76561197984761823,Not Recommended,262960,22898725,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,FeanorsCurse,This game is pretty bad. I rate it 3/10Pros:- Gameplay ok- Secrets are fun to findCons:- Terrible music- Really bad design all over the place: Game starts out in a tiny window. Gamepad not auto-enabled. Predefined Gamepad keys don't work without manual setup- Controls feel really imprecise
76561198103155249,Not Recommended,262960,16638755,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,SkyeMcCloud1,"there are absolutly no healing items at all, yeah you can heal at save points but you might as well be dead.  add insult to injury by watching your death count slowly go up.at first this game was fun but then it stopped being fun when you have to play the same level over and over and over and over x 300 times and there is a tease of a save point in the background sprite.Whats the point of collecting all those boss hearts if you still die in 2 hits.  All money is meaningless without a way to spend it to make the game easyier.Its a pooly put together game.  like a minecraft obstical course.  yeah the levels are designed well but the vital elements of a good game are missing. health dissapears to quickly and there is no way to get it back also money is pointless."
,Not Recommended,262960,25825138,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Supernatural Cookie,"Great game marred by the fact that it seems to take a bit too many ideas from games like I want to be the Guy. If you haven't played that game, or are unfamiliar with games of its type, they are games filled with traps which offer little to no forewarning, forcing a lot of trial and error gameplay as you find out if this spot will suddenly turn into a trap or not. Expect to find areas where the ceiling will drop down onto you, blocks to suddenly break, or even spikes suddenly shooting out of otherwise normal looking blocks.That said, up until the later areas of the game, this is mostly alright.. Until you get into the castle where it becomes far more frequent and checkpoints are spread out."
76561197970799452,Not Recommended,262960,33938514,Posted: 31 July,all,ENecross,"This game has its ups and downs. The gameplay is fun overall, but a HUGE thing about the game is SPIKES. There is a multitude of long jumps involving spikes that require perfect timing to get over. Did I mention how Spikes are one hit KOs? Eventually you earn the doublejump which is a important part of the game. This double jump likes to fail quite regularly sending you straight to your death for the literal 300th time. This little fact takes away from the game so much by making things frustratingly difficult. If it were difficult based on skill, it wouldn't be so bad. The fact the jump fails so often is something to be weary of.The platforming in this game is gernally pretty fun as is the combat.The bosses are hard until you get used to their patterns so they really aren't so bad.Overall, this game is more stressfull than it is fun because of the sheer amount of autodeaths to spikes. If you can handle it, this game is going to be great for you. If you can't this game will be worth hours and hours of anger and frustration."
76561197960672654,Not Recommended,262960,18035741,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Sorbius,"I guess people like games that use the worst of 8-bit era platformers. I guess if you like wonky controls, even wonkier hit boxes and insta death things this is for you. if you were happy when all those things died out in gaming 20 years ago, don't waste your time."
76561198077522610,Not Recommended,262960,32920260,Posted: 28 June,all,Pandalovin,"I love hard games, I love castlevania, and I love metroid.But god damn do I hate, absolutely hate platformers, especially ""hard"" platformers. You know the kind where spike traps are every where and they are one hit death, yeah ♥♥♥♥ those.Modern updates to the metroid and castlvania games are usually welcome, but sprinkle in cancerous platforming and you have a deal breaker.I love the enemies and magic is a nice touch, the animation for attacking cancels out far to quickly, leaving you with a very short range attack that can be spammed but must be very precise because you can't buffer your attack. Damage can be piled on as you're only invincible for a nano-second after taking dmg, so bosses can deal 80% dmg in a very small amount of time. You get power ups and health, but enemies generally scale so it never feels like your getting stronger.The boss fights are the best part about this game, hands down. And there are a good amount of them.I threw in the towel, not that I wanted to, but after getting spiked traped to death I said ♥♥♥♥ it, I hate platformers. I like the ones that are fun, not the frustrating ones. Theres also some really trolly platforming and falling spike sections in this game, like the creator thought he was funny making those level designs. Reminds me of those super mario bros mods that are hidden blocks everywhere so you just die all the time.Everything else is solid, though it lacks the polish and general pacing of better metroidvania games.Also be forewarned its more castlvania NES era than metroid.There are a litany of better options within this genre, that plus the terrible platforming and trolly insta-death spikes, I can't recommend it. However there is enjoyment to be had in this game, and I would have rather given it a mediocre review, but steam doesn't let me do this.I can see some people really enjoying it, and I really did appreciate the boss fights and enemy designs.  But once again, spike traps and falling spikes that insta kill in every single level and in large portions of the game, ♥♥♥♥ that."
,Not Recommended,262960,15285828,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,ouij,No sound and it crashed when I tried to change the screen size.
,Not Recommended,262960,23086126,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Trukmuch,"Pretty bad game.It starts with a very small window, I already crashed trying to resize it.Xbox controller badly detected, can't map all the keys on the controller.I've got no sound.The controls feel weird, no knockback/feeling on hitting the monsters.I'm gonna stop here..."
,Not Recommended,262960,28779197,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Khadgar,"You start the game with like 3 HP. Spikes will kill you in one hit. But, through persistence and progression, you can eventually upgrade your health to the point where you have 10, 20, 30, or maybe even more HP! Your magical sword cleaves through enemies like butter! Your armor shrugs off enemy projectiles like they were but pebbles! Nothing can stop you!...Except spikes, they still kill you in one hit, so the entire upgrade system is useless.I recommend this game if you like hardcore platformers.I do not recommend this game if you are expecting a metroidvania."
,Not Recommended,262960,30912078,Posted: 2 April,all,wrote a song about pee,this game passes the point where difficult is cool or fun and just becomes ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198016000744,Not Recommended,262960,14396010,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Calamityfox,"This is not a bad game but the discription is all wrong so I'm giving it a thumbs down.   This game is ""you're going to die A LOT until you memorize how to get though 5-10 rooms then we'll give you a save point and you die a lot learing how to get though the next 5-10 rooms""ONLY BUY THIS GAME IF YOU LIKE GAMES LIKE THIS.  I do not so I gave up.  If you do like those game types  you're in for a lot of death spikes, insta-break floors and boxes and 3-4 hits and you're dead from bad guys."
,Not Recommended,262960,14779057,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Parolo41,"Decent action platformer at it's core, but it's riddled with bad or confused design choices.The challenge doesn't add anything; Instead of giving you any kind of reward it simply makes the game a chore to play.Music and visuals are nothing new, but quite nice nontheless.In general this game seems like blind emulation of NES-era games."
,Not Recommended,262960,28188331,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Binary Daoist,"Partial controller support is misleading.  Game has an option in the menu to use a controller,  but I'll be damned if I can figure it out.Poor user interface over all.  When I click on ""options"" with the mouse it will start the game, because I  didn't move the finger icon on the screen from ""start"" to ""options"" using the keyboard.Thats some basic excrement.  Get it right.  Automatic F."
76561197978367345,Not Recommended,262960,28890880,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,BobMoo,"♥♥♥♥♥hitboxes that favor enemies, giving artifically high difficulty"
,Not Recommended,262960,33566208,Posted: 15 July,all,Stappi,Terrible controls and outdated video game memes.
76561197985834523,Not Recommended,262960,23032356,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Just_J_Doggin,"This game is incompatible with the xbox controller, you can configure the buttons and it will work until you save the game. It doesn't play well after saving. sometimes you lose your key configurations and other times it loses the ability to save key configs. This isn't using a third party program or anything, this is using the games key binder in game.It sucks because I'd really like to use a controller for this game."
,Not Recommended,262960,14721956,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Thespian,"This game masquerades as a fun challenge, when really it punishes the player for getting farther without picking up extra ""secrets"", a.k.a COMPLETELY NECESSARY GEAR, and does not allow the player to experience the fullness of the game that they rightfully paid for.There are hard games, and then there are stupid games that are trying way too hard to be ""challenges"" that a player must overcome. No. If I was allowed to go back into the previous areas to obtain the better gear with my new abilities, I could progress further with ease. Instead, I am stuck with a boss that is above and beyond any mere ""difficulty"" setting, which I could easily beat, were I allowed to leave my current area.Thank you, Castle in the Darkness, for making me want to experience the rest of your game so badly, that I spent needless hours on a boss that would be as difficult as a daisy with a dagger if only I were allowed to go back and use a simple double jump to aquire an item which would allow me access to gear far above and beyond the ""Wrong"" sword, thus allowing me to MAYBE experience the rest of the game I paid for. Really, thank you.DOn't waste your time. The challenge of the game is fake, and the acheivements are pretentious as well as empty, You get nothing for victories won via skill, and win with ease if you explore correctly at the exact right moment instead of forging ahead to face what lies before you, with no intruction as to when the right time is to explore, nor told that you will be stuck for eternity if you are to continue on to the impossible bosses without double jumping your way to victory in the first area. Screw this game and screw tryhard level designers."
76561198250128808,Not Recommended,262960,28844086,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,sirby9019,"Vastly inferior to Shovel Knight.The problem with this game is that it has the look and feel of a NES game (like S.K.), but it doesn't bring modern gameplay/style to it; even the controls have an odd feeling (I assume that jumping over edges has an odd timing in order to mimick exactly old-school games), and the music is banal.Since the game is essentially on par with old NES games, one may as well play emulated games."
76561198065553113,Not Recommended,262960,14491517,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,CassiusBenard,"This could have been the best game I've played so far in 2015, but apparently the developer thinks its OK to take a few days off after releasing an update that breaks the game."
,Not Recommended,262960,14584953,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Silva,"Based on the similarly retro aesthetic you may feel tempted to assume Castle in the Darkness is in the vein of Shovel Knight, another throwback platformer of recent times. That would be a mistake, because the two games have fundamentally different design philosophies. Shovel Knight aimed to emulate the games of old, but not copy them blindly; it included many modern touches that made it a stronger game overall. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said of Castle in the Darkness.Speaking plainly, I am not certain the developers understand why some trends in gaming have died. In seeking to emulate older platformers, this game simply adopts old design ideas without much apparent thought as to what works or doesn't. It is, fundamentally, a game of trial and error. Instant death spikes run rampant, there are no health pickups whatsoever, and your character has the endurance of wet toilet paper.On their own, none of those things are inherently negative, but combined they make for an experience that simply is not enjoyable. Frequent save points in another game would be an act of mercy. In Castle in the Darkness, they reek of lazy design: of the developers knowing exactly what is wrong with what makes their game difficult and not caring to fix those problems, instead using the many save points as a two-inch bandage over a gaping wound.To be clear, this review isn't me going ""Waah, game too hard!""... I have no issue with games choosing to be difficult. The Souls games are among my favorite in existence for a variety of reasons, difficulty curve included. I don't care about games being hard, I care about WHY they are. A well-designed difficulty curve is a fantastic thing, worth notice precisely because it is not easy to make a game that is difficult for the right reasons.Unfortunately, this game is one of many that don't understand what those reasons are. If, knowing that, you want to give it a try more power to you."
,Not Recommended,262960,14379036,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,^4^^0A3^4^^0fa^7ll^4out^0boy,"HiAs a Fan of the work of Nicalis(The port for wii of Cave Story was amazing) im quite dissapointed of Castle in the Darkness.Everything in this game seems to be rushed, from the jumping mecanics to Sprites to the enemy models and story.Everything is missing the last polish and detail that makes the difference between a mediocre game and a fantastic game.This game wants to be a challenging, fair and good platformer with rpg elements. But the challenge seems unfair to me in most parts of the game.I was hoping this is one of Nicalis good Port`s, but its mediocre in all its elements.So in the end with all the Games on Steam that are great i can not recommend this little ""Castle in the Darknes""."
76561197972324466,Not Recommended,262960,14455689,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Bobguy,"Would anyone mind telling me the point of HP when EVERYTHING kills you in three hits? Not indicating that you're walking into a boss room is also really fun when you're one hit from dead and know for a fact that your save point is before the -previous- boss, who was extremely tedious to kill. No thanks."
,Not Recommended,262960,14795760,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,The Melon Felon,"The level design is terrible. You need to save to keep your progress, but a lot of the time when you back-track from somewhere that is important (like a boss fight or getting an item) to a save point you end up dying and have to do it all over again (I kept having to fight a boss because there was a spike pit that was designed for the other direction in the way, and the jump was hard to make while back-tracking).The jumping mechanics take time to get used to (it feels like the gravity accelerates way too quickly).It's also extremely open-ended. There was one boss I fought that needed a certain spell to be beaten or else the fight was pretty much impossible, and the spell you need to beat it is all the way back in the starting place and you need double-jump to get it (which you should already have by the time you get to this boss, but the double-jump is much later in the game than Alexandria). I also had no indication or hints to use that spell on the boss. I already had the spell by the time I got to this boss, but I didn't think to use it because there were absolutely no hints or indicators that it should be used for that boss. The only possible hint I had was that the trajectory of the spell matched up with the boss, so I used it. If somebody else didn't see that spell -- or just forgot that it was there -- they'd have to look up a walkthrough or else they couldn't progress through the game. Except not really, because all I got from the bosses was an item called White Orb that does ""?????"". That's what it says it does in the inventory. I still don't know what it does, so as far as I know it was a waste of time to get. You gotta love this Simon's Quest nonsense.Honestly, I'm considering not finishing the game, because at least 75% of the deaths I've racked up were from cheap level design, and you have to keep repeating the same sections of the game over and over again.It has a lot of references to old NES games, and they all just reminded me that I could be playing a better game.UPDATE (8/14/2017): I actually beat this game a while back, and I forgot to update my review upon completing the game, and now that I've beaten the game I can guarantee that I don't recommend it. I just recently started playing the game again, and I've been able to notice all sorts of silly design choices (mistakes in my opinion) that completely ruin the game for me.1.) TRICKY JUMP ARCSThe jump arcs seem fast and parabolic. Yes, this models real life, but if you look at any good platformer the jump arc is usually either somewhat slow for the ascent or somewhat slow for the descent. This is to allow the player better precision in controlling jump height and landing point, respectively. This game doesn't have that, so any occurrence of the insta-kill spikes becomes a chore and a heavy risk because the mechanics have been designed against the player, and due the the nature of the game's save points, it ends up becoming extremely punishing for no reason whatsoever. He could've done both and that would've suited the game well. The jumps may have felt floaty, but that's not necessarily a bad thing for game design. Super Mario had pretty floaty jumps, and that was so the play could maneuver the game without having an aneurism. Imagine Mario if you could only jump as high as Mario and you only had half a second until Mario returns to the ground -- that's what the jumping mechanics feel like for this game.2.) UNFORGIVINGLY POOR LEVEL DESIGNThe later levels of the game are more designed for forward progression than back-tracking. This is fine -- the original Castlevania games made some of the same design choices -- but the problem is that it's a Metroidvania game, and so it's expected to be sensibly traversible in both directions rather than just one. This game has many places where the insta-kill spikes were place decently for forward progression for a nice challenge, but coming back they just become an extra annoyance that can have pretty grand punishments as described above ( I had many occasions where they would kill me after a boss and I'd have to fight the boss all over again ).3.) POOR BOSS DESIGNThe boss fights felt more focused on ""How well can you not get hit?"" Now don't get me wrong, avoidance of attacks is part of designing a boss fight, but two hits shouldn't be all it takes for a boss to kill you in my opinion. To me, that begins to limit the creativity of most of the boss fights because you can basically figure out upon entering the room how to kill the boss. The reason being is that the designer needs to convey to you how the boss takes damage so you don't die 20 times just figuring out what you need to do to damage the boss.My point is that it leads to pretty uninteresting boss fights that are only difficult because they were designed to be able to figure out within seconds so you only have to spend one life trying to figure out how to kill a boss. This is probably what led to my problem with the fish boss on which I had to use the thunder orb thing. Because I was so used to the previous bosses being as simple as ""Here's an obviousing hitting spot. Avoid all the other stuff,"" I tried using that tactic on the boss, only to figure out it's completely infeasible. My problem is that the bosses should've have felt so bland and uninteresting in design that I felt like it was sensible to assume they could all be defeated in the same basic way.4.) TRITE NARRATIVEThe narrative was pretty generic and it's pretty easy to tell it wasn't the focus of the game, but nevertheless I'm a fan of games at least having an engaging narrative if not a meaningful one. That would especially let me feel more motivated to play through the game if I actually felt compelled by the narrative. For example, in this game I barely care about the princess or her dad because there's nothing for me to care about either or them as characters other than the fact that they're royalty and the princess is trying to save her dad because she loves him. It didn't compell me to put up with the rest of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of the game and emerge the hero, which I thought would be the aim of what it was trying to do. Instead, I was just bombarded with bits and pieces of dialogue that I barely cared about throughout the game (granted, they're pretty short and far between).PROS:On the other hand, there were some good aspects about the game that I enjoyed somewhat.1.) AESTHETICS:The game had some excellent pixel artwork throughout most of the game, and it had a nice cartoony style throughout a lot of the game, and much in the style of an NES game you can tell the designer limited himself to a pretty selective palette for most parts of the game, but without the restrictions of an 8-bit processor. So he does well it incorporate a vivid set of few colors to make levels that feel like they have a cohesive atmosphere. For example, Alexandria had a lot of blue, brown, white, and black, which I felt was a nice palette for an introductory level in a nighttime city. The lighter shades of color kind of gave a feeling a optimism and gallantry, but oh boy was the hope about to fade -- especially when you hit the jump and attack buttons for the first time.2.) AUDIO:The sound effects and music were quite good -- especially the music. I didn't much care for the music in Alexandria, though. It sounded extremely repetitive in my opinion -- like an ""8-bit"" version of the intrumentals for the pre-chorus and chorus for a generic power-metal song. A lot of the other songs I very much liked, though. The sound effects also all fit their respective usages pretty well, so I think that was another decent design choice.FINAL OUTCOME:If I were to give this game a rating like a jackass, I'd give it a 3/10. It's certainly not the worst I've played, but I think it sucks. It feels more like a chore to play at this point than a genuinely fun experience -- and for me that's the mark of a bad game."
76561198001206481,Not Recommended,262960,28724645,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Surrogatpappan,Bad controlls and glitchy physics make this game a challenge to remember! ;)
76561198126874397,Not Recommended,262960,14404463,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,spiderbite23,Seems fun but game freezes every time I try to use menu
76561198027007978,Not Recommended,262960,14502965,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Zeitgeist,"The developer of this game loves instant-death spikes too much and doesn't seem to understand how to place checkpoints in a balanced way.Just riding on the wave of nostalgia is simply not enough here.It's unfortunate because the game has a nice style, catchy music and it controls mostly well. Boss enemies are varied and fun to fight. Finding new equipment and improving your character is motivating but any motivation gets quickly pierced by the omnipresent spikes everywhere.I think the peak for me was later in the game where you have to do precise jumping while wind is blowing and spikes are below and in the direction you have to jump. So it wasn't enough that you have to do a long jump and land on a tiny platform, no the wind also pushes you immediately into the spikes.I think a hard game can be fun but not in this thorny case.Edit (21 Feb): Also, there is no mapping which exacerbates the above mentioned problems."
,Not Recommended,262960,28855694,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DeLuman,"This isn't a bad first effort for an amateur game desinger but it isn't quite what you'd expect for something you actually have to pay for.  The level design is good, but the combat is just frustrating because of the attack animation, and hit boxes. This game is designed to be very tough, but there isn't enough there to keep you coming back death after death after death."
,Not Recommended,262960,14522172,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Hank Hill,"First of all, ""Partial Controller Support"" For this game seems to mean that you can use the D-Pad to move, but that's it. No buttons on my controller will do anything except move. Can't attack or jump. So you pretty much HAVE to use the keyboard.The gameplay was fun at first, but so far 99% of deaths are attributed to spikes below poorly made jumps. They would be so much easier if the controls were better. ""Nostalgic"" games should only go so far- most of the old school games were only hard by poor design, I would say this captures that fairly well."
,Not Recommended,262960,14478949,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,~ringringHello?,~
,Not Recommended,262960,28777958,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,CHAUVICTOIRE,Within the first 5 minutes of this game I was killed in one hit by spikes in stupid scenarios 5 times. I had the game refunded. nuff-said.
,Not Recommended,262960,14355511,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,cookinjr,"It isn't fun.You only heal at save spots. As the monsters don't drop healing, it requires a lot of boring play such as: I leave the room with the save spot, and I get hit by something...so, I walk back to the save spot. Repeatedly.  These save spots can be very distant.Without a map, there is no ability to plan backtracking.You gather a lot of money in this game, but there are few opportunities to spend it.Collision detection is very off with some bosses.The controls have some bad choices: there are some blocks that the player needs to press up when they break so they can jump further. There is no clue that a block is this type (which often leads to dying.. and a lot of redoing rooms to get back to that spot). Why the ""up"" button? The player's finger is already on the jump button.It is a metroidvanie game without the pieces that make it enjoyable. Too unforgiving. Too much redoing pointless rooms after a death to get back to challenging spots. Meh."
,Not Recommended,262960,33225461,Posted: 4 July,all,Losian Rooke,"Edit: Sorry, dev.. this goes down to a no. I picked it back up to run around more and crashed after getting past an annoying spot with no save points nearby.. Why the crash? I killed an enemy with the boomerang - it dropped coins, which were on the other side of the wall, which the boomerang pulled the coins again.. Five or so coins mashed up against the wall, trying to go through it but unable, then jittered weirdly and the game froze. Don't make a boomerang that retrieves items if it can't actually retrive them, and sure as hell don't do it if pulling several items into a collidable crashes your game. :| Also ""hold jump to skip cutscene"" doesn't actually skip cutscenes... which is extra annoying since saves are often several rooms before one, forcing you to watch it, go back and save, then go forwards.. or rewatch it repeatedly. Got to a plant boss with a 'main' portion and four secondary portions that shoot projectiles.. hit secondary and they all died at once, never respawned, boss just sat there while I killed its entire health bar. Fun design! Also, no save point before or after, so.. time to backtrack to avoid having to refight the boss. Wheee. Projectiles will sometimes follow you between screens. When moving from one screen to another you can sometimes be transferred straight into spikes, say if you jump slightly and move right and there happen to be spikes at that height the next screen over - you die before it even loads and there's nothing you can do about it.You know, yet again I wish Steam has a ""meh"" or middle of the road option.If I had paid $10 for this I'd give it a no, but since I got it on sale for a few bucks, it turns it more into a ""sorta kinda I guess.""A few major issues really kept me from genuinely enjoying most of my time playing the game.The controls are pretty good for what it's worth, and the music is generally stellar. The pixel-art style is decently solid, though sometimes it varies or loses focus a bit in what they're going for, but it's ultimately pretty good.The ""humor"" and constant lame references are every bit as present as you'd expect from most indie games that rely on pop culture rather than good writing, genuine humor, or subtlety. Also, it has no true fullscreen mode and you always are stuck with your taskbar.Framerates were solid and good in the 55-60 range, so no complaints there.So what's my beef? It feels amateurish in a lot of ways, mostly code and mechanics. A lot of the level design is cheap - not challenging, but cheap. ""Gotcha!"" style. There's no way to predict or react, you just die.. and the problem with this is that the save points are rigid and often annoying super close, or super far apart, for no apparent reason.There's no saving automatically or checkpoints, even right after a boss, and often no saves after bosses either, forcing you to backtrack numerous rooms to reach a save and if you make one wrong step.. redo the boss!You can't check or change your equipment except at save points, which is just clunky. There's no real pause I could find besides leaving focus from the game, which to their credit does seem to pause it, but it's awkward.Back to the gameplay and code aspect - enemies can hit you before and after you leave the screen. If you move from one screen to another while sliding you will retain momentum and shoot right off edges or cliffs with no way to know, predict, or react. Another example is the boomerang - if you throw it and jump it tracks with you up and down at all steps of your movement.. but doesn't do so on the back and forth axis, making it useless when running forwards and stupidly awkward to jump and through because it goes right back down at you rather than gracefully going out down and back to where you end up at. Again, really bad/sloppy code.It's got some decent aspects but it's also pulled down by what feels like some sloppy code and sloppy design, which could perhaps be something of an engine if it was game maker, which I suspect it was somethin' like that, but that's still no excuse. People have made stellar, tight games on those platforms and more, it just takes more time and effort.No ability to customize controls or change any of that and minimal options - my controller didn't work at all out of the box using DS4 Windows so I had to use xpadder to get it working.. pretty lazy but for some reason this seems standard with indie devs lately. No control customization, shoddy support for controllers, no ability to choose inputs, etc. Also the game launched with music and SFX at 0 initially.. minor, but weird and kinda dumb.But really it's the level design that bugs me most - far too many ""you die instantly"" spikes and such just randomly thrown in your way, and often they're near indistinguishable from background colors or simply don't stand out enoughor aren't prominant enough and then, suddenly, you're twenty screens back at a save because there haven't been any in a while for no real reason. Blocks which break when you stand on are not always distinct from regular blocks which are not distinct from blocks which you can jump on once before they crack and again before they break. Just this same awful, lazy terrible design. Anyone can entirely hide something from a player so that the plaer falls victim to it, that's not good game design and, despite what people seem to think and their ego these days, it's not ""challenging"" either. It's memorization, it's muscle memory, it's trial and error. Any idiot can bumble their way through it sooner or later with enough time - it discourages skill and reaction and encourages repetition.I also have to mention that the game actively punishes you for exploring - more often than not I'd go through a stretch of screens past a secret wall or in an out of the way area and just end up at a dead end where I clearly need something to pass - double jump and such. But for some reason the secret wall is accessible without double jump, therefore wasting time and providing no reward for noticing secrets nor exploration. Again, bad game design.It ain't bad but it has more than enough shortcomings to keep it from being genuinely good."
76561198001408368,Not Recommended,262960,17166444,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Queen HawlSera,"A broken game that resorts heavily to backtracking, fake difficulty, enemies stolen from other games (Zoroark's sprite is literally re-used from Pokemon White and Black for one of the enemies) in an overly terrible, overly boring cahs-in on the ""Retro Style Game"" genre. Basically the whole game just screams ""No it's okay, it's a homage, not a ripoff. I'm totally just parodying other games.. I am definitely not trying to hide the fact that I don't have any ideas of my own.""Got it on sale, so it was at least worth it for the trading cards."
,Recommended,262960,17618830,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Coylie3,"This game is hard. But its not the stupid kind of hard like ""I Wanna Be The Guy"" is. Its good hard, its skill based hard. Every time you die, you know exactly what killed you and you know what you could have done to avoid it. Trust me, you will be dying a lot.The controls are very simple, though I dislike how there isn't a pause button. The two buttons are jump and attack, hold down the attack button for magic attacks. Your character moves at a good pace throughout the entire game, I wasn't getting impatient at how long it was taking to get anywhere until just before I got the warp stone, which makes everything MUCH easier. Save points are in good places as well.My favorite part of this game has to be the soundtrack. Where else can you find a chiptune rendition of Mute's song ""Nevermore""?Two different endings, but I'mnot going to spoil the differences between the two or what you do to get either ending.Another great job by the Nicalis crew, specifically Matt Kap. Good job, man, really, really good job."
76561198132274493,Not Recommended,262960,33161691,Posted: 2 July,all,sakie3,"Absolute trash, hard in unfair ways. No fun to be had."
76561198069187118,Not Recommended,262960,14428305,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,aaronjordan938,"I had high hopes for this game, but sadly they were shot down about 30% of the way through.Granted, games need to be challenging, but they should have just called the game ""Spike Escape"" or ""Difficult Jumper"" because that is all you end up doing."
76561197970070744,Not Recommended,262960,14405931,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Pasakinal,"All the goodness of an 8bit era game, along with all the problems.Only play if you are madly inlove with unforgiving games with rather wonky hitboxes that ""Add to the Challange"""
76561198084342294,Not Recommended,262960,31423040,Posted: 28 April,all,AndroidMonkey,"This isn't a difficult game, it's an aneurysm in disguise."
,Not Recommended,262960,32658055,Posted: 22 June,all,Mr. Bulldops,"This game doesn't feel like a proper ""metroidvania"". You will barely have a chance to explore the maps, as 80% of the game is getting killed by cheap insta-deaths and then backtracking due to a lack of save points.This game is not challenging because of good level design or difficult enemies, it's challenging because it suffers from too much artificial difficulty, which is not enjoyable.3/10. Get it on sale if you want to torture yourself for a few hours."
,Not Recommended,262960,33061628,Posted: 30 June,all,Powerslave,Very bad playability and poor performance.
,Not Recommended,262960,14371586,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,cacographeld,"instadeath spikes littered around levels as a replacement for designing interesting levels and challenging enemies is the mark of a garbage game, sorry!"
,Not Recommended,262960,14435296,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Dindunuffin,"I haven't played much yet but if you take games seriously you can already feel the multiple flaws that ruins the experience before you're even an hour in. I've played a lot of sidescroll/platformers over the years and I can say that this is not recommended until they patch the gameplay. From my perspective this feels like an easy money grab from the devs because I don't see how they would even dare release this game if they actually play tested it internally. Again, this game has potential if they fix it but in it's  current state it is a disaster.Where to even start with this mess. The movement (jumping, moving and combat) is unacceptable quality for a game that isn't more than 50 megabytes. The acceleration is unnintuitive and the response time is poor. I have died way too many times because it's unnecessarily clunky/difficult to jump over gaps/pits when you stand still near the edge. Jumping is too fast relative to the game mechanics. I don't even know how they muck up the combat considering you can only press ONE button to attack enemies (no down/up attacks). Combat is clunky in the sense that your melee range is tiny and you can't make ANY contact with enemies after hitting them or you lose a third of your HP. You maybe have 10 pixels of safety when you got to melee enemies. Hitboxes vs bosses (I only played one mini-boss but again if they can't even get that right then the rest of the game can't be much better) are a joke. The visual animation of the sword attack doesn't reflect the hitbox either.I was pretty excited for the death traps in the game but it's not what I expected. I was expecting that I would have to be aware at all times for any signs of traps but there is simply no way to know without dying or checking a playthrough. It makes the game unnecessarily repetitve because you get punished for things that are beyond your control which is not the ""frustration"" i look for when playing challenging platformers. One of the big flaws that essentially killed the game for me is the forced animation you get for picking items. You are forced to jump on the spot for about 30 seconds after getting a new item and imagine having to do that every time you die (which is very often). On top of it, the devs have joke based achievements related to death count when most of your deaths are from traps that you cannot fortell or because of terrible combat.If you liked Super Mario games, Sonic, Donkey Kong Country or Shovel Knight I would highly recommend that you don't get the game in it's current state. If the devs fix the movement and the combat I think it would be worth the 5 euros either way."
,Not Recommended,262960,14350240,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"This game is the biggest ""♥♥♥♥ you"" to the player I've seen in a good long time. So, developer: ♥♥♥♥ you right back.How egregious is the waiting in this game - wait through the tedious unskippable cutscene of an instantly forgettable set of cliches linked together. Wait for the controls to work - wait for tiny text boxes read in a second and conveying zero useful information to close. Wait for control to be given back to the player after picking up a heart - all while of course other pickups timeout and disappear. Wait to respawn. Respawn back several screens. Wait for it to display the death counter, and wait for it to respond, finally, to my keypress.The worst part of this joke of a game is 'hold esc to quit'. They even make you wait for that.0/10 waiting simulator with poor controls."
76561198009661980,Not Recommended,262960,17132467,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,qlawdat,"No controller support, doesnt full screen, keeps crashing. Not worth it."
,Not Recommended,262960,14355414,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Elazul451,"""It doesn't detect any of my controllers"" - IGN, 10/10, Fullest controller support of the year."
76561198084994638,Not Recommended,262960,14353368,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,pesonk,"do not buy this gamei was born in 1978,played all nes, snes games.i enjoy playing the 8 bit,16bit gamesbut not this onein skyrim,saints row 4 and street fighter 4,opening a game menu cost me less than 1 secondbut in this game,i have to wait 15 seconds to open game menuthe system is terrible,too slow in every functioni feel like giving money to a beggarthere is no other game worse than this, even et in atari is mush better than it"
76561198074494544,Recommended,262960,17234641,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Kudo,"At the beginning it'S a bit hard and you die a LOT !But when you get used to it, that you will die it's fun ^^No seriously the ""pixel""-graphics and the music do a lot to build a nice atmosphere.The game is huge enough for about 5 €, enough items, armor, weapons and savepoints ^^The only thing i think is a bit annoying are the ""one-hit-kill"" spikes (later in the game pretty common).It also has a replay value, if you are not to much frustrated of dying ;)Have fun with this game ;)"
,Not Recommended,262960,17235675,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Mangosteen,"Fun for a few hours, but then the floaty-ness of the controls outstrips the precise platform they expect you to accomplish. Also gets boring in other arenas: 1) There's nothing to spend money on; 2) upgrades are few and far between."
,Recommended,262960,17179927,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,SnackCoon,Git gud: The game
,Recommended,262960,17203752,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Tuwiuu,"Quality over quantity, you say? Well, this game has it both. A great amount of original, charming and enchanting content."
,Not Recommended,262960,17214359,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,royalmage7,"Look, if you want to play a 2 button NES game then this is an OK one. That being said It needs a bit more, like the controler working off the bat, more options, sound maybe (im not sure if there is sound or not but there was none for me). Who make a game without sound? Multiple resolution support? The gameplay is OK, but I feel like it is geared towards the reaction time of the younger generation (Im and old 30 year old, lol). Yes you can memorize the fights and move on (in my 1 hourish played I already killed about 8 bosses) but its more frusterating that satisfying when you are forced to memorize things by repeatedly dieing. So rather than being skill and strategy based I feel this game is reaction time based, and memorizational.All that being said, I hope the Dev keeps at it. Even though this game is simply not one I will recommend to friends, I fell the dev will do much better on his next game, and I will glady give that a try. So much so that I will not ask for a refund simply to support him."
76561198093346618,Recommended,262960,17274619,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,dwguardian,"A fun, challenging retro style game.  Did a great job of referencing gaming history and combining some of the best elements of those titles."
76561198117174954,Not Recommended,262960,17276938,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Weirdman3214,"Have you never heard of or played any of the following?Legend of ZeldaMetroidCastlevaniaMarioGhouls & Ghosts / Ghosts & GoblinsIf so, you'll enjoy this game's ""originality""With enough enemies and ideas ripped from the above games and other sources to make one wonder how they haven't gotten sued for copyright, you'll get tired of this game quickly. Not to mention enough instant-death spikes to fill the Empire State Building placed in some of the most BS of areas, you'll get your death counter to the hundreds in under an hour. There are even spikes placed directly nest to save points, meaning you better remember to jump if you'r in a hurry, otherwise you'll have wasted another 10 seconds to die, see the death screen, and start over.  Many games nowadays want to be ""NES hard,"" but this game is NES cheap. I regret getting it even during a half-off sale."
,Recommended,262960,16988670,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Balfus,"Overall, the game is good and worth playing if you're into this kind of thing; however, one thing I will note is that this game varies a lot in the quality department in almost every aspect.Take the music for instance -- The first area's music is so awful I had to mute it and put on gaming/chiptune mixes in the background.  Other songs range from decent to good but I don't appreciate all the musical references and nods to other games such as the beginning of one of the songs having the same beginning that the Final Fantasy I battle music has.  When I die I have to hear that again and again and it gets obnoxious really fast.  One or two other songs have this problem as well.  After teleporting around and backtracking became a thing, I just disabled the music altogether since I was tired of hearing the songs I didn't like.  This is odd to me since with most 8-bit / indie / retro style games I usually like a majority of the soundtrack.  Anyway, at minimum an option to not restart the song from the beginning upon death would be nice.The enemies are mostly all well designed with some quite good variety in them.  The weapons and magic are all pretty good, fun to use, well designed, and well placed in the environment.  Also, huge props for birdbro (the bird magic where a bird follows you around).  I love birds and this put a huge smile on my face.  I traveled with birdbro almost at all times.Most of the bosses are too easy and/or have too few moves.  Many bosses only have 1 or 2 attacks that they do over and over.  Just a single extra way of attacking for every single boss would be a MASSIVE improvement.  The later bosses (last 1/3rd of the game) tend to have more moves and are more challenging and are a joy to play, but many of the earlier ones are a bit too simple.  Still fun, still good, just feeling a bit lacking.  Also a significant number of them I was able to exploit and kill them just by being close and mashing sword button as fast as I could ignoring damage I was taking or by using a ranged weapon.Finally, the level design.  Most areas have good level design and some areas have very solid level design; but, some areas have outright terrible or even unforgivable level design.  Having a spike trap and/or spike pit be unavoidable is just bull.  If you don't already know something is a trap, there is no way to avoid death in some instances.  Granted, many locations it's hinted at and woks well; however, others it's not.  For example, the 3 Mario pipes you can choose from to enter Glitch City.  Two of them are guaranteed death with no way of knowing.  Terrible level design.  Wasting my time having to walk back over there three times.  That happens too often in this game.  Also, rewarding the player for finding a hidden alcove while jumping down into a sure-kill spike pit by trapping them in an inescapable way and giving them useless ""troll armor"" and ""troll weapon"" is completely asinine.  The player must kill themselves and has no options.  Yes, some people might find it funny that the developer ""trolled"" the player.  Other people, myself included, see this as terrible taste in humor and feel insulted in a won't-be-buying-any-more-games-from-you-if-you-keep-this♥♥♥♥♥♥up-you-cheeky-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kind of way.  Butthurt or not, it's bad level design.  I also really hate the many areas that you have to essentially go through twice to obtain an item: once to the item, then once to get back to the save point so you can save and keep the item.  This is especially bad for difficult locations where it's painful enough just going through one way.  The well designed areas which do this have different challenges depending on which direction you're traveling, but many later on tend to be a second verbatim repeat of the same exact pixel-perfect double jumps required of the player and they get really old really fast.I hate it when games have the expectation of pixel perfect jumps from platform to platform but do not incorporate any kind of edge falloff jump rescue grace window.  Basically, you need to jump at the last possible split second right before your character falls off the platform they are running on in order to get enough distance to make it to the next platform or over the spikes; however, since the player is optimizing their jump timing towards that very last split second the tendency is to jump too late -- once the player has already started to fall off the platform.  Most of the time, this manifests itself by the player as ""wtf, what happened to my second jump"" because the first jump is lost once the character is past the edge.  Good games I have seen incorporate a tiny grace window after a character has gotten past the platform that is pretty much unnoticeable without a frame by frame where the player can jump as if they were still on the platform.  The way this game behaves sometimes makes me feel like I'm playing IWBTG again.  That game looooves eating 2nd jumps.Anyway, I really do tend to focus on the things I didn't like and only gloss over the things I did like when writing reviews and I want to make it clear that I do recommend this game and believe it to be mostly solid.  But, if you like a consistently good gaming experience from start to end, you're gonna have to look elsewhere."
76561198126065261,Not Recommended,262960,17190889,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Rusty,"I didn't get very far into the game. The attacking seems very cripled to me, and I didn't like the way it felt.It looks like it has potential, but I was kind of let down honestly. The music is kind of cool, but gets repetitive very quickly."
,Recommended,262960,17194015,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Aryite,"This game isn't downrightbad, it just isn't especially good. Some complaints I have about it are certain aspects are a little buggy (e.g. it was very easy to get stuck inside the gears in the clock tower), and the hitboxes are quite a bit larger than the actual models. I've been hit many times when I though I wasn't close enough, and the sword reaches quite a bit farther than the animation suggests. Additionally, enemies deal a lot of damage, so it kind of makes me wonder why I have so many HP in the first place, but I guess that's also made up for with the frequent save/recovery points.To be completely honest, I can't think of any especiallygoodpoints about the game. It plays just like you'd expect any other retro platformer to play. Granted, I haven't completed the game yet, so there may be other mechanics in the game that I am not yet aware of, but it's pretty much a standard platformer.All in all if you love platformers like I do, then go ahead, give it a try, but if you're not specifically into the retro platformer genre, then I don't see much reason to pick up this game."
,Not Recommended,262960,17195586,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Jacob,"This game devolves very early on into a super meat boy clone-style frustration-platformer where 100% of the challenge/difficulty comes from not dying to unforgiving instant-kill spike, falling spike and buzzsaw obstacles by flawlessly performing various jump sequences. The game is not difficult otherwise - enemies and bosses are trivially easy, in fact. They follow simplistic and predictable patterned ais and have obvious weaknesses. Most bosses can be defeated handily by jumping around haphazardly while blasting off the same single spell over and over and with regular enemies the best course of action usually is to jump over and proceed past them unharmed. When one-hit kill spike obstacles are the only real threat to the player it renders the majority of the game's already somewhat meager action-adventure-rpg elements irrelevant - it doesn't matter what armor, magic, weapon and relics you wield if the only dangerous obstacles kill you outright, regardless, whenever you don't time a jump perfectly. Buy and play it if you want finnicky platforming and nostalgia-inducing references and easter eggs. Pass on it if you want any semblance of even a vague storyline, worthwhile hidden collectibles, rpg elements that have even a modicum of depth to them, cool gameplay-altering weapons and spells, interesting characters, varied gameplay, or challenging, rewarding monster and boss encounters. Still addictive if you're a masochist but nothing like the vastly superior Cave Story."
76561198038450484,Recommended,262960,17198317,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,adventure into pancakes,"hidden gem, if you like retro side games then this is for you."
,Recommended,262960,17199276,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Wacky Zocky,I enjoyed this game and still do this game is very much worth ur money and even better on steam sale this game has alot of intersting enemies and weapons the art style is very pleasing to me and i hope many other players as well Matt Kap did a great job on this
76561198063507166,Recommended,262960,17223649,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Arkdaim,"I've played this game only for a few hours... But let me tell you; as far as retro-looking games go, this has got to be near the top. The game is just right. Platforming feels natural after a few minutes, the fighting is as simple as it gets, often with the Megaman mentality where you'd rather charge your spell than fight with a weapon.This game is amazing.Its pros far outweigh the cons, no matter how you look at it. From the music to the atmosphere, this game is really good.And as far as I'm concerned, the only real ""cons"" it has is the back and forth. That is the one thing I can't say I miss from old school games. I've never been a big fan or revisiting areas that I'm far too strong for just to find an older place that kicked me where it hurts the first time I saw it. So if you can't remember exactly where everything is, it can get very tedious. But the game is still fun so... Not that big a deal. :P8/10"
76561198004785038,Recommended,262960,17226354,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,davis_zaq,"tl;dr: This game is very challenging, but it's a lot of fun if you stick with it.Fundamentally, CitD is an old-school 2D platformer in the Metroidvania style. The story is paper-thin, but you're not playing it for the gripping plot: you're playing because the game offers hardcore challenges that never stop coming. Make no mistake: this game is hard. Be prepared to die a lot every time you enter a new area. If the enemies don't get you, there's no shortage of instant-death spikes that will. Still, if you have the patience to learn each new area and keep practicing until you can make every jump, there's a lot of cool stuff to find.The world is pretty big overall; I've seen bigger, but there's definitely enough area to keep you going for quite a few hours. Nearly every area has something new to find if you come back with later upgrades (particularly the double-jump), and it's very hard to find everything a given zone has to offer on the first run through.The bosses range from trivial to excruciatingly hard. Some of them went down on the first or second try (even relatively late in the game), while some of them took me days to beat. I do wish the difficulty curve was a bit smoother for some of the bosses, and there are a couple bosses that are all but impossible to beat without specific items or spells, which feels like it could be fairer. Still, none of them are truly impossible (especially if you find every single upgrade possible), and it's really satisfying to beat one that's been giving you hell. (Just make sure that you save immediately afterward!)The game is jam-packed with references to other games (mostly classic, but some more recent). I don't really consider this to be especially good or bad; it can be entertaining to see references you recognize, but the game seems to hardly have anything that isn't inspired by something else, so it can get a little tiresome. (Some of the references are really darn obscure, too—I was expecting the Zelda references and the Castlevania references, but I was shocked to see a reference to Magic Sword, the 1992 Capcom game on the SNES.) They're cute if you like that sort of thing, but they can get old even if you get most of them. Still, I wouldn't count this as a reason not to play the game.There are some places where the game lacks polish. If there's a way to pause (especially while using a controller), I haven't found it, which just seems like a huge oversight. There's no map screen or minimap, so you have to have a pretty good memory if you want to remember where all the alternate paths lead (or where you need to come back to once you have more mobility upgrades). While none of the challenges are downright unfair (in the style of, for example, I Wanna Be The Guy), some of them can feel a little underhanded if you're not prepared for them. You do collect gold to buy upgrades, but the opportunities to spend money don't come evenly; you have quite a few at the beginning, and then you go for the bulk of the game before you find the next ones, which feels choppy. There's basically no invulnerability period after taking damage, so if you're used to having a chance to get away from danger that way, you might be in for a rude awakening. And like I said, some of the bosses will have you tearing your hair out, especially if you haven't found every single upgrade possible. Finally, the final boss is really disappointing (I beat him on the first or second try, no problem), which feels like a letdown after such a challenging game. (Yes, I know that I just said that some bosses are too hard, and then I complained that the final boss is too easy. My point is that the curve is off.)Overall, though, I really enjoyed this game. It really is punishingly hard, but there's no part of it that's truly impossible. It's challenging from the get-go and never lets up, but with the exception of one or two bosses, there's never a crazy difficulty spike that makes you feel like you've hit a wall. Aside from the lack of an accessible pause button, the controls are simple and responsive, It's hard enough to make me feel challenged, but it's got enough hidden items (and even just save points) to continually reward you for trying. If you grew up on 2D platformers and you're willing to practice a new one until you master it, you can have a lot of fun with Castle in the Darkness. I recommend it."
,Recommended,262960,17499395,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Fall Down Bear,"This game is awesome!If you grew up playing classic gems on the NES like Castlevania, Zelda, Crystalis, Faxanadu you will love this game.  There are several nods to classic games such as look-a-like enemies from Ghosts and Goblins, Metroid, Zelda to Enviornments (such as Castlevania 2's Mansions).  It's rather challenging too so expect to die a lot!Great soundtrack too btw.Highly recommend this game!"
76561198142437572,Recommended,262960,17506767,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Blumpleswillskin,"My time played is very inaccurate...it should be 3x what it reads as. This game is hard....no doubt....the death counter is warrented for sure. But for as hard as it is, it is a very rewarding game that is a blast to experience!"
,Recommended,262960,17351180,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,@theerobertunder,"An excellent mashup of Zelda, Megaman and Castlevania. Difficult at times so expect to die a lot(There are achievements based on your number of deaths). Beautiful retro graphics, soundtrack and gameplay. Lots of save points so you can play the game in short bursts. New game plus feature to help you really dig into the nooks and crannies to get the 100% completion score."
,Not Recommended,262960,17360071,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Mofuji,"This game falls into what I like to call the Family Guy school of thought, which is essentially ""Instead of making something wholly original, simply toss in as many references as possible."" Of course, unlike Family Guy, there IS some actual quality in this game, but it's been drowned out by references to everything from Error and Bagu from Zelda 2 to HEY LISTEN shouting fairies. I'm pretty sure there's a barrel roll reference in here somewhere, but I either missed it or was too busy groaning over things like the ""Sorry, I'm dead."" boss pulled straight from Monster Party."
76561198054485129,Recommended,262960,17466340,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,K4,"Were you a gamer during the NES age?Do you like Metroidvanias?Do you like learning from your mistakes?If you answered YES to at least one of the above questions, then do yourself a favor and buy this game right now!Not only is a retro title, but one that gets rid of all the nuisances of real old games like slow pacing and insane brutal difficulty.Why they arent anymore curators recommending this game?"
,Recommended,262960,18009099,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Ezekial  🐸,"It can be frustrating, and you'll get lost and confused, but it's still great fun."
,Recommended,262960,17447833,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Dr.Ded,way more fun than it looks! It's the sort of retro title that would have been a masterpiece if it came out 20 years ago. I definitely reccomend it to anyone who enjoys side-scroller metroidvania type games.
,Not Recommended,262960,17244393,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,anders - afk from 12th to ???,i would have liked the game.... (wait 7 seconds now)but every time you switch to or from a menu.... (wait 7 seconds now)the game wil freeze FOREVER (7 seconds).... (wait 7 seconds now)this also happens when you die... (wait 7 seconds now)i'm not the only one with this problem.... (wait 7 seconds now)just... (wait 7 seconds now)NOOOOOO.... (wait 7 seconds now)don't buy until fix
,Recommended,262960,17258874,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,transce,"I think is the most authentic modern-retro game that I own.  Sadly, the term ""retro"" is thrown around much too often in the Steam store.  The term is sometimes used as a cover for bad graphics and simple gameplay.  Sometimes you have games that try to be ""retro"" but without understanding retro gaming and what made it great.  Take some sprite graphics, throw it into a half-decent platform engine, throw in some tough enemies, and whammo you have yourself a ""retro"" game – or do you?  Such games fail to grasp what made retro gaming great.  Difficulty was never the goal, it's more of a side effect that sometimes happens when you get the recipe right.  It takes some good level design, some unique and interesting enemies, good boss fights, and excellent controls.  Castle In The Darkness has all of these in spades.Clearly the biggest influence here has been Castlevania, visually inspired by the 8bit games, controls inspired by the more fluid movements of SotN and the handheld games that succeeded it.  Even the name of the game is a nod to Castlevania.  The game is hard, yes, but fair.  The enemies are strong but consistent and predictable, you need to use reflexes but also strategy to survive.  The mood and tone of the game hits a balance somewhere between 8bit Castlevania and 8bit Link/Zelda.  The NPCs are spot-on and run the full gamut from helpful to cryptic, hilarious, or useless.  The controls are tight, the combat is fast but not frantic, the platforming skill needed is moderate for most of the game, though a few sections do require extreme precision.  You put all of this together and you have one of the most authentic retro gaming experiences on Steam right now.  You will die, you will die a lot, but you'll never get stuck for long in the same place, and when you beat that boss or hit that save point, you will feel a true sense of accomplishment that's often lacking from modern games.I think this game would have fit right in on NES or SMS and I think it would have been well received at the time by critics and gamers alike.  Back in the NES days, I would have spent $6 just to rent a game like this for two nights, so to be able to buy it for that price, I think that's a great deal."
,Not Recommended,262960,17159437,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,jugg3r,"waste of money. game was probably built in 3 days and released. very bad gameplay, bad controls etc. skip this one."
76561198020766718,Recommended,262960,17574520,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,aCdhell,'Battle of Olympus' and 'Simons Quest' had a kid together.'Wonderboy in Monsterland' was the caring grandma that raised that kid when the parents went to work.And sometimes on Sundays they visited their uncle 'Mega Man''Castle in the Darkness' is a happy kid.
,Recommended,262960,17454147,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Binary_Fireball,"Super awesome, lots of gameplay for cheap. If you like Rogue Legacy or Dark Souls you'll like this."
,Recommended,262960,17460340,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,King of all penguins,"It's a wonderful game that's made in the style of classic games, like Kid Icarus and Castlevania. You dun gud. :3"
76561198028606036,Recommended,262960,17698610,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Blaank,Pure fun awaits ! ... with a lot of deaths !It was the first game that I laughed almost everytime I died :PI had to stop myself from playing the new game plus straight away because I didn't want it to end.Must have for retro game fans !
76561197973052125,Recommended,262960,17147015,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Lord Dyran,"Awesome; this feels just like a classic NES platformer type of game - including the simple controls, but with slightly less brutal difficulty.  Checkpoints are a little more forgiving, and the controls have the modern feature of actually working.The achievements are a little buggy, though."
,Recommended,262960,17754011,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Reign,"Enjoyed this game enough that I beat it and got all the achievements.Think what I enjoyed most were a few of the boss fights and that's where this game really shined, IMO. Unfortunately, there's no boss rush mode or anyway to go back and fight a boss again after killing it, other than starting a new game.Definitely has replayability with NG+, cause there's new content added.Didn't like all the back tracking though and there really is a lot of it. Especially since the warp points are so spread out and there are no warp items, making it more tedious than it needs to be. Tedius enough, that you question if you feel like starting a ng+, because it's too much ""work"".All things considered though, I would recommend it. Just hope if the developers read this they add some kind of warp item and some way of fighting the bosses again without having to start a new game."
,Recommended,262960,17601542,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,R0cc0[ht],Great game!
,Recommended,262960,17615207,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Your Ugly Vagina,"I didn't know I bought this game to♥♥♥♥♥♥myself off. But i'll do it again.ps: hella amazing soundtrack tho. So many old school rpg references used. Nicely done, Matt Kap c:"
,Not Recommended,262960,17621820,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,triplebooyah,"Honestly, I do recommend this game, but only if you buy it on a good sale (glad I did). I was expecting a bit more from a Nicalis title, considering the tightness of their prior games like Cave Story.The Pros:-Fun and nostalgic, with genuine NES-era graphics and lots of funny references.-Simple, minimalistic controls (again, like an NES title) that are easy to pick up.-Save points are plentiful, making it so that dying (which you will do a lot of) is minimally punishing.-Fun, challenging bosses.The Cons:-Character movement is incredibly squirrely, which is a bad combination with all the heavy platforming and insta-kill spike traps throughout.-This game still employs bloxk-screen scrolling (think original Legend of Zelda), but it is very rapid, with many screens having instant death traps like spikes only a single tile away from the scroll point.-On top of the point above, there are several kill-bait moments like a Mario-Bros.-style pipe that says ""do not enter"" but fails to mention that unlike the game itreferences, even *standing* on the pipe will cause you to fall in to your death. I suppose this is slightly amusing in the same dickish way that the many unforeseeable death tricks in Dark Souls are, but I'm not quite as keen on it.-Despite the many, many cheap ways in which you can die, there is also a death counter. Once again, it's a number that you should just ignore, but nevertheless annoys the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me."
76561198049134301,Not Recommended,262960,17622629,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,chimericist,"This game is hard in a bad way. You'll die, and the closest save is 6 rooms away. It's enough to get annoying, especially when those 6 rooms have monsters and instant death spikes too. Seriously, instant death spikes everywhere. You'll be running through an earlier section of the game all tooled up with new gear, but because you kept moving when you moved to the next screen you fall on a single spike and die. (I'm using a 360 controller.)I enjoyed this game for the first half or so, then it became a tedious chore. Boss difficulty varies wildly even as they all feel similar (and E. Fire pretty well always works). Exploration led me to something I couldn't get half the time until I found another item, so backtracking took even longer. It's a big world and you move fast, but there's just enough spikes to force you to slow down. Then you get trolled. Literally, there are ways down that lead to death and there's trollface on the wall. Otherwise you find a new area with the troll armour and sword. However, there is no way out. LOL. Fairly quickly monsters become an annoyance rather than a threat (I mostly used E. Fire or avoided them), and killing them never feels that good (compare to Rogue Legacy, where I found the enemies more fun to kill).Do you like hard platformers? This might be for you. Do you also LOVE NES games? Specifically Castlevania (like, all of them). Then you may like this game. It is stuffed to the gills with NES references. Hit every wall because sometimes you'll get an item, but mostly you'll find a reference. Pass."
76561198087822139,Recommended,262960,17648511,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Zero,I little difficult but if you love 8-bit platformers than you will love this game
76561198179962105,Recommended,262960,17628901,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,silverlunastar39,"I was extremely surprised at how much I ended up liking this game. For the price I bought it for (about $2), I expected something playable, if not great. Well.Rather than simply being another ""retro for the sake of retro"" title, CitD feels as though it was made by someone who genuinely loves 8-bit games and isn't just trying to cash in on a trend. The graphics are detailed and crisp, the music is catchy, and the game plays super fast and smooth. The sheer amount of references to other games (and even movies) constantly had me smiling as I discovered more and more of them. It was all of these things that made this stand out for me and they're what kept it from being just another ""retro game.""This game is hard, though. Really hard. Super hard. But due to its Metrovania style gameplay, being able to discover new weapons, spells, accessories, and health increases is always possible thus making the difficulty fair. While it is hard for the sake of being hard at times, with the instant death literally lining the floors, walls, and ceilings at times, CitD never made me want to stop playing because of its difficulty. I always felt that if I just continued to explore, I could find something new that would help if I came back to a tough spot.This game is great. It's a blend of fast-paced action, pixel-perfect platforming, and RPG exploration. It's as if Faxanadu, Metroid, and Little Samson were all rolled into one."
,Recommended,262960,17136368,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Cube,Games is good....  menus are bad   like super bad.     oh and you cant go total full screen for some reason the  full option still has my desktop stuff and task bar on the screen and I have to move them over to another monitor.
76561198044102366,Recommended,262960,17144490,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Used Napkin,"After playing the game for an hour or so, I can tell you it's pretty damn difficult. Don't get me wrong, it's a really fun game with awesome music but if you ever watch AVGN. You'll get AVGN syndrome from playing this. If you're up for a challenge (I guess), then you should purchase this game."
76561198159823393,Recommended,262960,17128272,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Pablita,"Gut Challenge, very gut."
76561197983662248,Not Recommended,262960,17177387,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,TechieRefugee,"I've been having a lot of problems submitting longer reviews, so I've decided to just post the longer reviews on Pastebin and write a short summary of my review here on Steam. Here is the Pastebin link:http://pastebin.com/EUtrXjrh.Gameplay: Pretty much just another mediocre Masochistic Indie Metroidvania. There are many bosses, but not many of them are memorable. Level design and enemy design are okay but not amazing. Save balancing is a real problem from time to time, and the game isn't always hard for the greatest of reasons. 4/10.Story: References are not humor. Other than that, not much worth talking about or reviewing.Graphics: Art style and fidelity isn't bad, blatant enemy ripoffs from other games are disappointing, graphical options are a disappointment, game does tend to fall beneath 60FPS more often than it should. 2/5.Sound: OST is pretty good but nothing incredible. 3/5.4/0/2/3; 4.5/10."
76561197980186686,Recommended,262960,17178593,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,TrueChicken,"This is surprisingly fun. A little fun game with little fun secrets. The game feels fair, although some bosses are a bit too easy.And a lot of references to megaman and zelda here and there.The game is a bit pricey, but on the 50% discount it was fine."
76561198042165845,Recommended,262960,17179654,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Booker T,I died a bunch then gave up. Thanks for that.
,Recommended,262960,15500811,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Kumog,"An extremely fun, though challenging metroidvania game.  If you don't mind instant death spikes in your Castlevania, and healing only at savepoints, pick this game up.  Fantastic music throughout, great boss fights."
76561198051449996,Recommended,262960,15664762,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Daevlion,"I remember waiting for like... forever for this game to come out and what a game it is. With quite a number of references to some classic iconic games (Castlevania, The Legend of Zelda), be ready for a fun, rpg/platformer. That is, if you don't mind the countless deaths that await. At the beginning, you only need to worry about not getting hit too much by the enemies, but as you progress to the other stages, traps are almost at every corner (and by traps, I mean spikes). Most (if not all) spiked in the game are instant death upon touch. Despite this, the knowledge over these traps teach the player to be more careful when going through previous stages, and being able to over come some of the craziest spike traps in the game and obtain the reward at the end deliver a feeling of satisfaction like, ""yeah... I did it. I'm such a badass"". But enough talk... go play it! :D"
,Recommended,262960,15720548,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,JushoJacob,I give this game two thumbs up.
,Recommended,262960,14834462,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Yenchae™,"I'm going to keep this short and sweet since other reviews have accurately described how the game plays out, but to reaffirm what many have said this game is amazing and can easily keep you entertained for hours. Like a true Metroidvania game half of the fun is finding all the random items and secret items that brings you closer the coveted 100% ratio. I'd recommend this game to anyone that enjoys old-school and challenging platformers. This game does it right."
,Recommended,262960,14835775,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,DIABLO3,"Metroidvania with the real touch, worth every cent"
,Recommended,262960,15510222,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,sG | Shikaku [5],"fantastic game, really difficult though"
76561197990194469,Recommended,262960,15465187,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Varshyl,"Very good Metroidvania that's fun to play.  But fair warning, this game can be difficult at times because many spikes and traps are one hit kill but there's enough checkpoints throughout the game so this isn't too much of an issue."
76561198028845835,Recommended,262960,15565198,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Griseus Lupus,The best retro game I've played on Steam.
,Recommended,262960,15700434,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Fill Kessal,"This game is pretty great.  The sound track is fantastic.  One caution is this game is hard.  Like, NES hard.  Nothing ever feels unfair.  The controls are super responsive and when you jump into a spike or off a ledge, you may scream in frustration but you know that it was your own fault.  There's some nice classic game references thrown in as you progress.The story is... meh?  You are a knight.  You fight enemies and beat the bad guy.  Not really much to it.Totally worth a buy if this is your type of game."
76561198067479076,Recommended,262960,15778266,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Cheeseburger Fingers,"This is a fantastic game, and I highly recommend it for anyone who is a fan of retro games.  That being said, the amount of times this game will crash on you is very frustrating."
76561198073841664,Recommended,262960,14505914,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,gonzo191,"Be forewarned this game is difficult and desires a place with the NES platformer classics of yore. It has earned its place in my opinion based on its design and control. However it does have certain limitations and design quirks which may bring down the experience for some.Pros:- Graphically wonderful, if you can stomach 8/16 bit pixel style.- Audibly wonderful, if you can stomach chip tunes.- Controls wonderful, not as tight as I'd like.- Serviceable to decent level design.- Levels littered with little secret nuggets.Cons:-Lacks controller support, even though it says it has it.- Full screen option doesn't work, at all. It worked once and never again, be prepared to stare at game surrounded with thick black bars.- Can only open inventory at save screens. It's extremely annoying and limits your ability to check your items and magic.- Framerate decides to kill itself for no reason at times.- Insta-death spikes everywhere, these will wear you out very quickly.- Jumping sometimes feels off and unresponsive to the button presses especially when about to jump off the last pixel of a block.- Visual inconsistency, some blocks that can't be broken looks like those than can.Limitations:- Bosses are damage sponges.- Would've loved to see a bit more originality character and enemy designs instead of rips from other games.- No map (Can often get confused when looking for secrets but not a turn-off without one)- No quick select for choosing weapons or magic at least, not a big deal.Verdict:The game is frustrating in the latter half however it is fun and enjoyable oddly enough. The frustrating is a result of a plethora of insta-death spikes especially in the final area before the true final boss fight and some trolly bits."
76561198007065259,Recommended,262960,18723227,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Sebastard,"After getting stabbed, impaled and smuttered to death, horribly,  for 50 times, the game unlocked easymode. I screamed and contiuned. 10/10 will play for a long time."
,Recommended,262960,18825313,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,mitternachtgoblin,Good old days gaming experience! + great chiptunes
,Recommended,262960,18830946,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Terrato,"After installing this game I just couldn't stop playing.It took me more than 6 hours to beat; I didn't get 100% (even though I tried really hard to) and I got what I think was the worst ending of many... and I still want to go back to get everything that I missed.It was an amazing ride!Full of details and cool secrets, nice level design, great music, beautiful graphics, good challenge (not easy, but not worthy of being called an ""8-bit Dark Souls"" by any means) and my favorite part: It is filled with references to tons of other games (as tradition demands among indie devs nowadays) but they are all very well integrated into the mix. Some of them you only notice if you pay attention, some others are pretty obvious, but all of them made me smile.The controls are very simple (NES like) and the gameplay is well balanced.The game is fast, so maybe at first you'll have a bit of trouble getting the hang of it. Is not as slow as a classic Megaman game, for example. I died a lot of times because I got cocky and fell down on some spikes, so just try not to run like crazy on your first playthrough.One complaint that I have is that some bosses require practice to beat (none is really hard, but they can be tricky) and since I was not able to skip some of their dialogue, I got annoyed (the dialogue is slooooow...). I hope this gets patched in the future, but other than that the game is really enjoyable (and if you're a better player than me, you wont even suffer like I did having to watch the cutscenes a thousand times).I recommend this game to any NES / Platformer / MetroidVania lover."
,Recommended,262960,18885546,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Aryend,"Fun and challenging metroidvania, highly recommended for fans of the genre!Nice level design, lovely and varied nes styled sprites and environments, awesome soundtrack and tight controls. Game will have you busy for quite a while too if you want to get everything, nice number of bosses, gear, spells and secrets.It just looks, sounds and feels like a NES classic."
,Recommended,262960,18781174,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,mooware,"Pretty good old school metroidvania. Quite difficult, great music, has hidden secrets. It's basically everything my retro-loving heart could wish for."
,Recommended,262960,19067589,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,edox,Excellent plataformer and very nice music
76561198244010536,Recommended,262960,19024621,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Bowiestache,"Castle in the Darkness is a pretty good metroidvania style game with tight controls.  The main character walks pretty fast so platforming can get pretty tricky.  If you are like me, the vast majority of your deaths will be spike related.  Spikes are everywhere in this game and they deal instant death.  If your fairly decent at platformers you should be able to 100% the game before killing off an entire Prinny squad.  The game does make an effort to let you know where there are breakable walls.  Also, in new game +, remember when you get new armor to equip it and then re-equip the frog suit. Oh, and the troll armor and the troll sword is the dev trolling you if you encounter these items."
,Recommended,262960,19005424,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Nahkatakkimies,Tight platformer with metroid elements.
76561198197009761,Recommended,262960,20821653,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,lsgage86,"This 8 bit side scrolling era game could have made my list, and I MEAN THAT. Could have... As much as I enjoyed it from the start, midways thru, it begain to weight on me this wouldn't become an adventure i'd enjoy... It took the fun out of the 8 bit side scrolling experience and truned it into a repetitive nightmare. I'm one for a challenge, given i'm A Dark Souls and Bloodborne gamer, but this isn't enjoyable anymore. I'm about to beat the game, and believe me when i've finished it, I don't plan on going through this again... 7/10, and that's just being respectful to the game developer for putting in the time and effort making it. PS (I wanted this game to be GREAT, Believe me I did. Sorry to say, this experience just isn't worth the headache).... But you be the judge, i'm just one voice..."
,Recommended,262960,20739799,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,timelessness,"I don't normally review games, but figured I would for this.  If you grew up through the 80's and 90's playing NES, SNES, and the original Playstation, this game is for you.  It plays much like most old school metroidvanias where you platform, get items, back track because you can now reach new areas due to the new items, etc.  Where this game shines is in its winks at classic games.  In the six hours I've been playing I've seen references to Metroid, Castlevania 1, 3, and SotN, Bubble Bobble, Ghost Busters II, 8 Eyes, Zelda 2, Soul Blazer, Wizards & Warriors, Mario Brothers, and a few others.  Yes, you'll die a lot, but the save locations are pretty convenient.  Yes, it can be punishing at times, but it's most definitely worth the $6 I've spent on it."
,Recommended,262960,20814627,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Suck It Shark,Liked it. It was dope. It reminded me of Megaman.
76561198278526248,Recommended,262960,20803371,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,FatallyFem,"ohmygosh this game is so hard that Im still not sure this isnt just an NES game, 130 deaths, and Im only 14% of the way through x.x But this is a metroidvania style game so OF COURSE it is! The soundtrack is so amazing that Im buying it -as well- Easily worth getting over my hatred of Steam to get this one <3"
76561198008851239,Recommended,262960,15881578,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Karsten,"Castle in the Darkness is one of those games that some people will love, a game clearly inspired by Zelda could be appreciated as a throwback to fairly hard platforming. Other people simply won’t have the patience that you need when you’re playing this game, especially if you haven’t played many platformers. This is your typical new Mario platformer. This is almost a pixelated 2-d version of dark souls.  Clearly my nearing of 600 deaths will show you that I was not prepared in many ways for this game. This however doesn’t mean it’s a terrible game.The game starts you off with a fairly plain story. The king of the land has fallen ill, and in his weakened state monsters attack the kingdom. All the castle guards are defeated besides you! So you go off on a journey through the kingdom to save the princess and the king. Of course if you’re playing this game it isn’t for the story so it’s good enough to get you out and exploring.So what can your little knight do? He can jump a use a sword. The first bit of the game for me was getting used to how my characters hit boxes were and how far the sword could swing out. Literally if something hits the feather of your helmet it will damage you. Throughout your adventure you will acquire new weapons, armor, and magical abilities to improve your chances of survival. 1 thing the game could have added to help would be a map. Many parts of the game require you to go back and use new abilities like double jump to find hidden areas and gain new powers. If rather few teleport areas in the game it would have been nice to have a map to make sure I was done looking everywhere rather than traversing the entire map only to find out I might have missed one turn somewhere. Without backtracking with new found abilities this game will be a lot harder than it already is.If they were going to rename this game they should call it The castle of trial and error because that is what you will be doing most of this game. If you don’t get in the habit of saving right after you kill a boss that took you 20 deaths to beat you will find yourself facing it again if you die before the next save point. If the bosses don’t irritate you the instant deaths of spikes will. Spikes are used in this game to much for my liking. You will learn to cautiously approach every room because many deaths will result in unexpected spike deaths or not jumping the correct way, and it is because of that fact I recommend playing this with a controller. Trying to jump through death traps with the keyboard could be rather frustrating at times.The variations of enemies is astounding in this game. You will learn how to approach all of them after a couple encounters fairly easily. Bosses require skilled timing and memorization. After realizing how to defeat a boss the pattern might seem fairly simple. If you don’t have the right weapon however the task can be very agitating. After beating bosses though you will be filled if a huge feeling of relief and you will rush cautiously back to the last save point so you don’t have to do the encounter again. The soundtrack fit the game perfectly and I wish I could enjoy it more if I wasn’t constantly hearing the small tone that plays after you die.Overall the game has a super large variety of enemies and bosses for players to face off against, there is no lack of content to be found here. The soundtrack fit this game perfectly. However lack of a map made backtracking a hassle and spikes felt slightly over used for my taste. If you’re into a nice challenging platformer then this might be what you’re looking for. If you don’t have a lot of patience, aren’t that good at platforming maybe you should pass this one up and come back to it later on."
,Recommended,262960,16119932,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Mr Bustem,<333
76561198168795320,Recommended,262960,15150202,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Pixel Ghostrick,"Sin duda castle in the darkness me dejo muchas horas de diversión, con graficos sencillos y una musica muy buena, ademas de su jugabilidad similar a metroid, megaman, castlevania y ninja gaiden.Este juego sin dudas es de los mejores que he jugado este año y en mi calidad como retro gamer, ver un juego moderno homenajendo titulos clasicos es genial, el juego lleva mucho tiempo y conseguir su 100% esta cañon, pero se puede y vale la pena las reeferencias a otros videojuegos.  A pesar de una historia simple, es muy adictivo, por lo que yo recomiendo ampliamente este juego.9/10"
76561198089263356,Recommended,262960,15117081,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,BAR00,"Holy crap. Difficult game, fun, pretty pixelated graphics. Love it. Think of original mega man when it was hard. That's this game but RPG. You'll hate it and love it at the same time. Finally a fun game with the power ups, level design, and difficulty I've always wanted!!!!!"
76561198067707494,Recommended,262960,15149235,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,David Bear,"I highly recommend playing this game with the D-pad on an Xbox 360 controller. This is the first Metroidvania game that I've played and I absolutely love it. The controls are tight, the art design is really cool, each area feels unique, boss encounters are epic, and the OST is amazing. What I also love about this game is how well thought out it is. The encounters you have with the levels and bosses are all done so well you can feel the amount of deep thought put into everything. On top of that there are countless witty references to retro classics and funny moments in the game you can discover from going off the beaten path. I enjoyed this game so much that I felt compelled to collect and discover everything 100% for my first basic playthrough, new game+, and new game+ only playing as the frog knight. The secrets tab was also a great add on, clearing Book of Monsters had to be one of the most rewarding victories in the game. I thoroughly enjoyed the hell out of this gem and appreciate the hard work put into it. This is now one of my favorite games."
76561198022183254,Recommended,262960,15310607,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Buzzbidoo,"This was the perfect level of challenge for me.  It wasn't too easy, but wasn't overly brutal (IWTBTB?).  While I didn't care enough to get the no-hit challenge, I did just about everything else.  My only complaints rest in NG+.  There was a lot of potential to tweak the frog's playthrough, as well as making the default weapon a plausible alternative in later areas through leveling or something.Whatevs, this game rules.  Play it.Also- I don't buy a lot of games full price, but this one was well worth it!"
76561197987007775,Recommended,262960,15324618,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,MagicalElf,"I really enjoyed my time with this game which is reminiscent of difficult action platformers of the past.  For fans of Megaman or Castlevania.  The upgrades and skills are fun and give you a true sense of evolution throughout the game.  Although some people have criticized the lack of map (which would have been nice), I rarely had a problem finding my way around the levels because the layouts are generally simple and easy to teleport between.  The difficulty is generally difficult and even frustrating at times, but the controls are tight and the challenge never feels insurmountable or unfair.  The game will last around 10 hours and there is not much replayability, but for the low price I think this game is still a bargain."
76561198007636529,Recommended,262960,14481902,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Fafnir67,"Fantastic Retro Metroidvidania:Castlevania look with Megaman feel.Pros:+Great Pacing, as you are never more than minutes away from a boss or an upgrade.+Much in the way of optional content and secrets, roughly a third of the game.+ Fast and fluid movment.+ A great many a boss battle.+ Above average chiptunes.+ Large assortment of diffrent spells and items complemented by boss weaknesses.Cons:+ A few later sections strain the game's jump physics too much.+ Some boss patterns are too simple.Hit or miss:? The game is jam packed with refrences to other games, such as certein stages and most of the enemies and the bosses. As such, some players might find the game jarring or unoriginal.? Magic is used via Megamanlike charge shot, at times charging felt slow.Target audiance: Lovers of metriodvanias, in particular the castlevania titles. Fans of 2d platformers.Bottom Line: An impressive one man effort rivaling your metriodvania of choice - 8.5."
,Recommended,262960,14695573,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,RAIZO,"Do you like oldschool platforming and questing for relics/loot?  If you answered 'yes' then this game is most definitely for you.  Castle in The Darkness contains a ton of references to classics like Legend of Zelda, Ghosts n' Goblins (or is it Ghouls n' Ghosts?....both I guess), Mega Man and many others and for the more avid explorer there are some interesting 'easter eggs' to discover too.  Great music, lots of enemies and bosses and don't let the cheap price throw you off from getting this game - there's actually quite a bit of replay value if you're going for 100% completion.  Definitely one of the better retro experiences you can have on Steam so get a copy now!!"
76561198066774416,Recommended,262960,14695661,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,LuckyFetus,"Best game of 2015 so far. It's so F'ing amazing! If you were born in the 80's and love GREAT GAMEPLAY, something we've lost this generation, get this game. THIS DUDE DESERVES HIS BIKE MONEY!"
,Recommended,262960,14556771,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Alvy,"Buy it, play it, love it."
76561198019681260,Recommended,262960,14493677,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Hardace,"Masterfully blends a Meatboy style experience into a castlevania type game. Frantic, fast-paced gameplay.You'll die a lot. It's fun."
76561198074264915,Recommended,262960,14570210,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,][sentrop|[,"Overall, Castle in the Darkness is a great throw back to 8-bit, action platformers. The controls are tight and easy to get the hang of, and the gear differs well and gives the player a feeling of freedom. The frustrating back tracking, and insta-deaths, are the hardest part of the game to come to terms with, and are further compounded by the merciless death counter on the game over screen. But even with its frustrating elements, I still had a great time testing my metal in Castle in the Darkness.Developed by indie game designer Matt Kap, and published by Nicalis, Castle in the Darkness is an action, adventure, platformer with some RPG elements. The kingdom of Alexandria, is attacked one night by an evil sorcerer. The royal guard do their best to defend their king but are  overrun by monsters. The last remaining member of the royal guard awakens to find the kingdom under siege, and the king and princess missing.The story while basic fits in perfectly with Castle's nostalgic 8-bit theme. Players are thrown straight into the action, and taught the basics of the controls as they traverse the first few levels. The controls are simple in their design, players jump through levels, attack enemies, and can use charged magic spells to decimate their opponents.Each level follows the same formula, platform through a series of spike filled screens, while fighting progressively harder enemies before facing off against a boss. This formula is straight out of the 8-bit play book, but where Castle in the Darkness changes things up, is in gearing up and stage secrets. Each enemy drops coins on death, which can be used to purchase new armour, spells and weapons. Also each level has a host of secret rooms and alternate paths to follow, which often lead to new gear for your character.This gear can be changed out at each save point, and many boss battles can be near on impossible unless you have the right gear for the job. This gear system is simultaneously my favourite and most frustrating part of Castle in the Darkness. The gear is great, as it offers a feeling of progression and lets the player choose how they approach battles. Sadly however, if you decide to take the most direct path through this game, you will miss much of the equipment on offer and eventually find yourself up against bosses you can't beat.I should note, the game includes warp points to allow the player to backtrack through the game to get the gear you missed, but sadly these are few and far between. For me there is nothing more frustrating than dying repeatedly while back-tracking for gear, that you need to progress. Another little issue for me, is the rinse repeat play style it uses. Many deaths you suffer will be as you enter a new screen and have no time to react, or from enemies or level hazards that you haven't seen before. While this is a hallmark of the 8-bit era, I think it would have been more prudent to leave that play style in the past.For my full review and other delicious content seeGlitch"
,Recommended,262960,14668276,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ChaosSabre,"Just beat the game 100%. All I can say is quite a great metroid like game. Not too hard but not too easy either. A absolutly fair challange. Controls are great, bosses are fun, music is amazing, tons of stuff to find and much old school references. I like it. Worth every cent."
,Recommended,262960,14672136,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Ph0Noodles,"Great game. A somewhat hard action metroidvania platformer with equipable weapons and items that help you progress through the game with a ton of funny NES and SNES game references. You can tell this game was a labor of love and cater to those who grew up with aformentioned console systems.I didn't think it was overly hard, just make sure to back track once you get the double jump and you can find lots of juicy power ups. The game length is great for the price of $5.99. Use a gamepad with a good D-pad or you will be crying."
,Recommended,262960,14731197,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Thomas the Dank Engine,"This is a nice homage to the 8-bit era. I became aware of this through Game Grumps' Steam Train playthrough, and thought i'd give it a spin, myself. I'm not disappointed with the 6 dollar game I purchased last night. This game offers a pretty similar challenge to games on the NES, and CiTD is very similar to Cave Story (Both are 8-bit style Castleroids/Metroidvanias, however you refer to this subgenre), Nicalis did a nice job. Love the boss fights :)"
,Recommended,262960,14738942,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Sexual Mufasa,"It delivers on being an NES game that's for certain.  The only thing they could take out to make the game more frustrating would be saves.Then again, despite the amount of save points, you'll still find yourself repeating the same rooms and steps 400 times to get more practice with the reason you died.Some of these gauntlets seems 500 rooms away.. and unfortunately there is no feeling of ""Yay I did it"" after you get to the next save or you complete a dungeon, there is only ""Man am I glad that's over""That said, if you are a masochist there's a great deal of fanservice from other games and they're well appreciated along the journey.Give it a shot, but if you pull out your hair you can't say I didn't warn you"
,Recommended,262960,14733924,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Blackgame,"Castle In The Darkness is an 8-bit platformer with metroid-vania elements. It has challenging boss fights and a lot of deathtraps. Quite reminescent of the 8-bit era with the much needed inclusion of save points. It offers lots of unlockables and extras, as well as a ton of references to video game classics such as The Legend of Zelda, Mario and Castlevania.It brings a lot to the table for it relatively low price. The aesthetic is really unique since there are enemies which seem a tad childish (as your own character) and others that look quite fearsome. In terms of soundtrack, the game is above average sticking to catchy 8-bit tunes although its loops could use a bit more of work.A nice challenge overall. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,262960,15969073,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Tekimeka,DIE! DIE! DIE! AND DIE!
76561198019075060,Recommended,262960,15990125,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Hellfire,"Plain and simple 2D side scroller action adventure! This game is very simple but challenging as all hell! Lots of secrets, puzzles, customizable gear, weapons and many unique magic skills. A good recipe for a good game ;) hours of fun!9/10*"
76561198025906939,Recommended,262960,15903726,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Brutal,"Fun platformer with some very basic RPG elements such as armor, weapons, and other attribute building items. Starts off easy to get you used to things and has a nice learning curve. You don't hit the super hard stuff until the end of the game. Plenty of secrets and hidden items to keep you busy unless you cheat an use a walkthrough."
76561198044008445,Recommended,262960,15911410,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Salud,"I can't stress it enough how much I loved this game.It's such a gigantic callback to a ton of games I really liked playing as a kid, but it's got its own special charm.It -is- very challenging, though. Bordering on flat-out unfair at times and it can really result in some rage, though if you're like me and you like tackling difficult parts in a game until clearing them all and feeling the satisfaction, this is definitely going to be right down your alley.The world might feel small at first, but it's actually pretty large and with a lot (a big lot) of secrets to find.It does have its issues, namely some unusually long loading times every now and then (and the one time it crashed on me which might be a problem on my end so pay that no heed).In short, this is a pretty awesome game, full of shout-outs and references added in a pretty nice way with a demanding level of challenge. A must-have for fans of Metroidvania-style games."
76561197995422276,Recommended,262960,14786606,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Greymoose,"Very difficult NES style game. Pixel perfect jumps and cheap deaths abound! Very frustrating game. If you like repeating sections of a game over and over until you can do them perfectly then this game is for you. For me, the rewarding feeling for completing a section of the game eventually wasn't enough to keep me coming back.Update: This game is actually very good, there just is no map. I progressed unknowingly to basically the end of the game with low level gear and spells. Once I figured out where the other areas were the game became much more fun. I ended up beating the game and would recommend it."
,Recommended,262960,14555064,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,westwind429,"A solid Metroidvania. Not transcendental or genre-defining, but plays comfortably in that genre's sandbox. Retro graphics and old-school difficulty are the core, with spiky platforming sections and boss patterns to memorize. Backtracking and exploration are rewarded. A couple of speedbumps:- Gamepad isn't COMPLETELY supported. There's no pause or quit-to-menu option.- I wouldn't mind another warp point or two.- Some of the platforming sections are frustratingly difficult, dancing right on that fine line between ""hard"" and ""inducing table-flipping, controller-tossing rage.""Still, the controls are perfectly tight, and succeeding at those difficult platforming sections feels GOOD. The New Game + offers a lot of replayability and more secrets to find, too - including a bonus mode that you can only unlock if you're a bad enough dude to get about halfway through NG+ without taking any hits.Worth checking out if you like your games to punish you - THANK YOU SIR, MAY I HAVE ANOTHER?"
76561198075200670,Recommended,262960,14894798,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ansmew,"A true challenge, it makes me question all my life's choices. I really love this game, every new item made me feel invincible. Towards the end, when all the enemies could only bow down to my ultimate weaponry, a tear rolled down my face as I viewed the file select screen. It read; ""99%"". I highly recommend this game, not to simply complete the game, but to do as I could not."
,Recommended,262960,14873951,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Slamcock Hammerfist III,"Let's be honest, you've got no reason to listen to me. I'm not a big name or famous in any capacity, but I do hope you'll heed the message that this game is very special and can be very fun for a certain kind of player.Castle in the Darkness is good. It has more references than you can shake a stick at that span from various iterations of Castlevania to the original Zelda for the NES, and many others that I won't get into just so you'll be pleasantly surprised when you stumble across them. That comes as the sugar coating to let you know it is also difficult, but not in the bad, frustrating kind of way that feels utterly unfair.I, personally, am not very good at games, and especially not anything of Kaizo-level proportions, but Castle in the Darkness takes a step back from some of the other kind of trial and error, die until you win situations by making the game control very well even on a keyboard (My preferred method of gaming), and the mistakes that are made never feel as if they were caused by bad design. In fact, the game is designed extremely well in order to actually make things difficult without making them too punishing.Save points start off separating every half dozen or so screens, give or take, but as the game advances they become more and more scarce and increase the level of punishment for mistakes made, which can be a bit of a drag, but again I feel the design of the game even allows the less-than-adequate among us, like myself, to come across victorious after a few tries, and completing game is definitely rewarding when you finally lean back and breathe a sigh of relief.I'm not going to be giving any kind of arbitrary scoring system, but I will say that this game is full of homages to games of the past, it is designed extremely well in a simplistic package that can be deceiving to some, and offers a great kind of sidescrolling, metroidvania experience that, for six dollars at full price, is definitely something I'm glad I picked up when I saw it.Buy, download, die repeatedly, and enjoy every second of it."
,Recommended,262960,15066286,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,yuki,"Solid gameplay, very good lifespan,  and lots of stuff to find! Some passage are really hard, but it makes beating them all the more rewarding! Not to mention that if you finish the game at 100%...the newgame+ offers a whole new range of new items and secrets to find! This is truely a gem! :D"
76561198012793287,Recommended,262960,15076737,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,johnnymetric,Eventually reveals itself to be a very deep and rewarding metroidvania style platformer. Great soundtrack too.Definite must buy!
,Recommended,262960,14826250,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,suboost1,This game is a must buy. Easily worth $15 and a steal at this price.Epic Boss FightsGreat Weapon VarietyClever Level Design
76561198065327853,Recommended,262960,14829153,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Bilbo TeaBaggins,"The hit box detection is quite poor at times and the game has moment where it's too frustrating to be fun with it handing out save points more than fair for the majority of the game up to where I'm at, there are points when you don't get a save for upwards of 5 - 10 minutes on parts that are insanely easy to ♥♥♥♥ up on. What the game excels at is the feeling of accomplishment you get from finally surpassing that point and it really is a wonderful feeling. Just like in the games of my childhood. I, however, as an adult now, tend to not have the patience that I once did as a boy. I do, however, find myself coming back to this game often enough to say it was worth my money."
76561198095401085,Recommended,262960,15010468,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Feyles,"Simple, fun platformer at a reasonable price."
76561197996133480,Recommended,262960,14392127,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,cccmgr,"This game can be hard as nails, no doubt about it... however, I think that it's aimed at a very specific audience. I love the visuals, soundtrack is totally rad, game world is rife with nods to classic games - to cut the long story short, for 5 euro it is a steal. Full completion ftw. :)"
,Recommended,262960,14392238,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Onions,"This game heralds a sort of nostalgia.  No, not a nostalgia for the old 8-bit glory days, though this game does a very good job at staying true to the 8-bit theory.  But rather, a nostalgia for indie games circa 10 years ago--I'm talking the glorious days of the indie game boom just after Cave Story's impact.  A nostalgia for a nostalgia wave.  This game is highly reminiscient of those exact games--Not quite NES games but styled heavily after them, they carry a certain...Air about them that makes them feel different.  The feeling I got from Cave Story nearly 10 years ago?  I get it here.I have a soft spot for one-man-army dev teams.  He rocks the music, the art, the programming.  That's punk. I'd call this a punk game over an indie game."
76561198055336404,Recommended,262960,14352915,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,The Poon Tickler,"There certainly are some bugs that needs to be fixed, however- the game is really smooth and plays really well. Everyone should really just give this game a chance."
76561198042068657,Recommended,262960,14397371,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Libo,Excellent game! A must buy.
,Recommended,262960,14397753,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Vegas eSports | PaulyShore,Partial controller support! I do like the game though wish i can use controller. Its wicked awesome
,Recommended,262960,14400684,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Diki_smalls,"very fun game like to se more of these, little like mario and castlevania mix.and for the makers of the game please make more of these or a Castle in the darkness 2 :)"
76561198098613667,Recommended,262960,14375096,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Crygona,I recommend this game if you want a challenge like the health until you get to the next save point which is 8 screens of chaos between them. 2 things i only hate about this game is the unnoticable spikes from the ceiling and the unnoticable blocks that break under your feat but all from the rest its great. sure killing a boss then going back to your last save point is worst sometimes but then again YOUR the one choosing to go straight on and chance to get a save point ahead or rooms that kill you or just back track from the rooms you know what do on and get to your last save point to save and never do that boss again. there is so many items that you can choose from that help bosses like s. shield that blocks most projectiles . this game may have some of those cheap moves but then there are some items in the game that have some cheap moves as well (until you hit a boss that is melee only). i backtracked a lot in the game and was always worth it to go back but sometimes it sucked becuase the warp points are so rare around everywhere and wish that the warp stone could be selected at any time to goto the warp zone lobby. would make backtracking less frustrating to travel to the zone with the warp zone. there are many secrets to be found and some refercnces you might get. in the end it is a great game that is challenging and backtracks for you to get better items to beat the game.
76561198123810054,Recommended,262960,14375212,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Teedus,"This is a classic 8-bit adventure that reminds me of the NES days. Tough enemies, few hints, and lots of secrets to unlock! Thinking this is another Shovel Knight? Think again! Matt Kap has made a classic game that deserves to be played by everyone, everywhere. I just started and I had to talk about it!"
,Recommended,262960,14377179,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Boddhi,NES era perfection. Well I'm 10 minutes in and I love it.
,Recommended,262960,14378359,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,yomiura,"Castle in the darkness is an exploration-adventure game that took on the Metroidvania style approach. So what can you expects from Metroidvania style? This kind of approach will have you a lot of places or rooms to explore, many secret areas to explore, finding treasures like keys or power-up, developing a gameplay mechanic with stuffs, and big-scale puzzle/quest in the game to go back and forth. Castle in the darkness able to grants you all above features and a NG+ at a really little cost.I mean, seriously, this game give you much much contents that worth more than $6 you spend ($4.97 at 17% discount at launch).So what will you see in Castle in the darkness? This game give you a role of hero to fight his way through a lot of monsters and finding a princess. Monsters and bosses will stand in your ways guarding treasures, spells, equipments, and keys. This is like a traditional setting of adventure games which is fun and Castle in the darkness make a good job to deliver these experience of exploration to players. The first challenge this game throw at your face is 1 Atk, 1 Def, and low help. You can take damage upto 2-4 times at most so first solution to you is carefully advancing the game. Most bosses in this game have only 2-3 patterns at most, actually, once you understand their pattern, fighting monsters and bosses in this game is ridiculously easy.However the Castle in the darkness does not places it's essence on battling monsters, instead, developer focus on making a challenge situations that will hook player to focusing on precisive control to advance in various haphazard environment design. (Please think of games such as Super meatboy, Limbo, VVVVVV but this game isn't as extreme as those game) So after you able to equip yourself with better equipments and can take more damages you will find yourself in a more extreme situations with lots of holes and spikes, and this is the second challenges this game throw at your face (lol). After this point you may find yourself cannot handle the damage from enemy again but you should also pass several optional paths on the way, that is where the exploration begins.So the true essence of this game lies in a combining of adventuring, finding treassures, and challenging hardship together. Eventhough this game has many things similarly to the Symphony of the nights and some other game, I think developer make a good job to make Castle in the darkness feel different and unique in it's own way.Anyway, This game is really cheap at it's full prize so you should give it a try. Have fun."
,Recommended,262960,14365182,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Lights Out,"If you enjoy metroidvania games, you definetly must get this one. It has TONS of secrets, nice graphics, fine music, a lot of refernces to other games (GnG,SOTN, even supermario).And by the way, with all that hype around Shovel Knight, i dont get why this game is in shadows. Its definetly more fun and challenging than Shovel Knight (IMHO).Anyways get  it now, it's a bargain  for games of such quality. Cheers!"
76561198042612334,Recommended,262960,14365196,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,whatuthinkin,"Castle in the darkness is a gem in itself. $5 for a game that will last a good 3-6 hours is well worth skipping your trip to mcdonalds and spending your money on this instead. Oldschool retro feel, similiar to a metroid and castlevania SoTN game without the map. Decent amount of save points and the difficulty is not to easy and not to hard."
,Recommended,262960,14380828,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,JMcSquiggle,"Castle in the Darkness was a throughly enjoyable game, even with all of the glitches.  I have absolutely no nostalgic feeling for NES style anything, being my first memorable experience was with the SNES 16 bit era.  While I think I probably would have enjoyed the game more had the music and graphics taken a 16 bit approach, I found this game a rather compelling breath of freash air - especially after spending nearly four times the price of this game on other games, and finding them far less polished and enjoyable with disjointed storylines.  Despite the game's small list of short comings, I found only three real problems with the game:1.  Game was not a turkey sandwich2.  I could not throw more money at the developer in exchange for playing this game3.  Despite being a Metroidvania, exploration was extremely hindered and dissuaded until late into the game when the double jump ability finally becomes unlocked.I can absolutely recommend this game for anyone that likes Metroidvania games.  Fairly solid gameplay, 7/10 would eat again."
,Recommended,262960,14381409,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,owlyOOP,Very fun game. Old school and lots to do. Only issue is occassional crashes. I think i plan to hang up playing it until the crashes have been smoothed out. Still playable as long as you save often though.
76561198092753516,Recommended,262960,14382664,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Razershard,"I have only played for about two hours, but so far, I love this game!  If you like metroid/castlevania/megaman and are not easily frustrated and enjoy a nice challenge, pick up this game.  It never feels unfair like I Wanna Be The Guy and is a steal at $5.99.  The controls are tight, the platforming is great, the graphics are pixel perfect, and the music is very nice :)."
,Recommended,262960,14386058,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Martea,"Real fun game, if you like oldscool nes/snes with alot of really nice content.if you liked Shovel Knight you should really buy this game"
,Recommended,262960,19494488,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Sciar,"I was very pleasantly surprised at what a great little game this is. Obviously at this price you aren't going in expecting anything huge but I've had a blast, the controls are great, the game is very well made and anybody who likes little adventure games is likely going to be very happy with such a cheap and great title."
,Recommended,262960,19263152,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,AnarchAL,"Pretty good game albeit fairly difficult when your just starting out and you havent got a grasp on the controls yet. Once you have however, the game is really fun and very addictive."
76561198132824678,Recommended,262960,19508434,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,gravitationaltim,"This game hits every mark for a certain type of gamer. The prerequisites to enjoying it are time, motivation, and patience. If you like platformers built to be difficult, and don't ragequit when you die on spikes after beating a boss, you'll find one of the funnest, most challenging games I've seen for a while. It's not unfair, even surprising me with its save point frequency at times, there isn't much backtracking unless you're pumped to try to find all the secrets, and for those that like to figure a game out by themselves, there's no guide dang-it involved (except for maybe a secret or two). There's tons of places to explore, and a real sense of satisfaction when you finally master an area. There's even a good amount of different weapons and spells, meaning you can pick a style most suited to you.So straight-up, if you are the kind of gamer I'm talking about, this game is FUN. A big, big yes of a recommendation. But if you're someone who would pull their hair out after dying from a little miscalculation, you may want to skip this one. This game is for those who do not fear death. A lot of death. I think I'm on death 500 now."
76561198068990963,Recommended,262960,19106816,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Gr8tn3ss,"Castle in the Darkness is an awesome throwback to NES era gaming! Its charming pixel graphics, and chip tune music complement the challenging platform jumping and tough boss fights. There are various enemies, and a ton of optional pickups. The game is riddled with fun cultural references; from Zelda, to Ghost and Goblins, to Little Shop of Horrors, every area presents something new, yet familiar. A must play for Metroidvania fans!"
,Recommended,262960,19121971,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,jelqing master,PREPARE YOUR♥♥♥♥♥
76561198097998343,Recommended,262960,15316121,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Mogadore,GOD DANGI died over 200 times and still playing praise jesus AMEN
76561198010694868,Recommended,262960,14360640,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Waffuru,gr8 gaume m8 I r8 8/8
,Recommended,262960,14361717,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,St.Robert,"Great game!Gameplay fast,difficult hard and addictive!!"
76561198092741671,Recommended,262960,14361738,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,alec1326,I watched Vinesauce play this and decided to get this game. I WAS NOT DISSAPOINTED. THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,262960,14362320,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Pyr❆ Jack,"If you're a fan of metroidvania games, you'll want to pick this game up. It's super fun and addicting with just the right amount of challenge to push you to work for your victories. Riddled with secrets and goodies to find, this game is definitely worth picking up for $6."
,Recommended,262960,14362524,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,MercilessMerc,"Old school Castlevania-like that is fairly challenging but not overly frustrating. The game isn't very long and can probably be beaten in about 5 hours at around 50% completion rate (assuming a fair amount of deaths in the process), but the real meat of the game is trying to find all of the secrets and items to complete it 100%. There are a large number of bosses, all of them very different from each other, both in attacks and in visuals, and a good variety of common enemies as well, with only a few recolours. If you are into the idea of backtracking and finding optional areas to acquire all of the different weapons, armor and magic then this is the game for you.However, be forewarned that there are a few negatives. At the time of this review, there aren't any sort of resolution options besides x1, x2 or x3 scaling nor any type of borderless windowed options. While gamepads are supported, it is lacking to say the least. Initially, you'll have to turn on the ability to use the gamepad in the options menu and then rebind the attack and jump keys to be able to use it. However, there is no pause button available to be mapped to the gamepad at all, it appears you can only pause the game by clicking/alt-tabbing away from the game window. After you want to unpause the game you have to press ""P"" on the keyboard, which is annoying to say the least. Of course, you could bind the ""P"" key to your gamepad using another program, but that shouldn't be necessary. There is also no way to get back to the main menu using the gamepad, you'll have to hold the escape key for a couple seconds in order to do so. In addition to that, the music is very short and repetitive; I'd say most songs are about a minute long at most and repeat ad nauseum. The sound design isn't that great in other areas either, when you are charging your magic (which will likely be the majority of the time after you acquire it), you'll hear a constant sound which can get annoying very quickly. Thankfully there is the option to lower/mute the music or sounds in the options menu. Also be advised that this game uses a LOT of screen flashing; every time you use your magic the screen flashes white, and every time you die it will flash red. This isn't an issue for me, but it may be for some others.Overall the game has quite a bit to offer, as long as you can get over some of its shortcomings. If you are looking for a game very reminiscint of Castlevania, then you cannot go wrong picking this up. At the $5 pricepoint it is a good value proposition, and even moreso if you are looking at this during a sale."
,Recommended,262960,14362914,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Yenoham,If you know what your getting into.. this game is GREAT! Its very diffacult and punishing but it never seems unfair. Buy it now!
,Recommended,262960,14362920,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,FoxFire,"02/06/2015: Okay folks this is my preliminary view after 70 some odd minutes of playing. So far I am LOVING THIS GAME!!! I seriously haven't had this much fun in ages! It's hard but not unfair. There are LOTS of little bosses, the level design is fun, there is plenty to explore and so many unanswered questions (ie can I get there later like in a Metroid game), if you love NES games, then this is like the best one never made! (I have enjoyed this more than shovel knight so far but time will tell.) Controls are spot on, graphics are perfect (for an NES style game), very authentic and well-done. I don't know how long it will take me to beat it since I'm not the best player ever but it's an unusual game that is this hard and keeps my full attention. More later, in short, BUY THIS GAME if you liked Mega Man or any of those great old games from the way back then. -Josh / Space_Duck"
,Recommended,262960,14362948,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,iNtense003,"Old school feel, easy to pick up and play. Really enjoyable."
,Recommended,262960,14448094,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Creck,"10/10Most satisfying game I have played in a long time. A very hard game that leaves you very satisfied when you finish an objective. This is alot of the great elements of old games wrappd into one. For the price you can't go wrong. If you like Megaman, Metroid, Castlevania, and Zelda with some minor RPG elements all wrapped into one, this is the game for you.Minor Concerns.As already mentioned, this game is massive for it's scale. You'll do alot of back tracking along the way. A map would be nice but doesn't detract from the fun."
76561198214989148,Recommended,262960,21426167,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,icc.jpciii,"Okay, I'll say this now, THIS IS NOT AN EASY GAME!   I loved this game and it's soundtrack so much, but if you try for 100% it will drive you mad.  My first playthrough of the game I had over 2500 deaths, and I never beat the final boss due to my harddrive corrupting.  I just finished my 2nd playthrough at 97% with all the book pages, all 3 keys, all armor, and all skills, and I believe all bosses slain.  (I forgot a weapon so sue me!)  And just under 600 deaths.If you want a challenging game that will test your will, then get this, but if you want something casual STAY AWAY."
,Recommended,262960,21589032,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,The Overmatt,"While it's easy to look at Castle in the Darkness and immediately assume that it's yet another retro-throwback that banks on nostalgia more than actually boasting any quality (and admittedly some of the references and ""gamer jokes"" found within it don't always help), this little gem of a title is a surprisingly captivating and well-made Metroidvania game that, while sometimes punishingly difficult, is fast and fun enough to keep you coming back.The game's story is a simple ""lone knight must save the kingdom"" one that gaming has already seen countless times (though it does boast some memorable characters), but ultimately this game is about exploration and finding hidden treasures, not the plot. Built like a cross between Symphony of the Night and Super Meat Boy, Castle in the Darkness has all the sprawling levels and new gear to unlock that one expects from a Metroidvania title, while also featuring fast-paced gameplay with tons of instant death traps that at times give it more the feel of a twitch-based platformer. It's an interesting mix that mostly works great, presenting the player with a constant rising challenge as their skills improve. The weapons and magic spells all feel good to use and distinct from one another as well, encouraging you to experiment on combinations that you like.That being said, the game can still be absolutely frustrating at times. Health-restoring save points are often more scarce than one would like, sometimes forcing you to repeatedly pass the same grueling gauntlet of instant-death spike traps just to face an exceptionally difficult boss for the umpteenth time, which feels more punishing than challenging. There are also some unfortunate design choices with regards to backtracking (which as per any Metroidvania is essential to completing the game), most notably the small number of warp points on offer, the fact that an item has to be obtained in order to use them even after they've been found, and most egregiously of all, the complete lack of a map to consult, which leads to frustrating moments of trying to remember where certain areas are.Ultimately though the game still shines even despite some questionable design decisions, not the least of which is thanks to the charming graphics and catchy chiptunes that permeate the experience. It may not be the next Symphony of the Night, but Castle in the Darkness is still compelling and enjoyable, and at less than $10, the game gives you plenty for your money. If you can deal with some frustration in your Metroidvania, don't hesitate to pick it up."
,Recommended,262960,21233186,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Rockie,"FUN GAME!! easy but with that old school toughness.if you love the old school 8-bit, got to play this !!"
,Recommended,262960,20600362,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Fairy Princess,10/10 would get the Vigo the Carpathian reference again!
76561198145298755,Recommended,262960,30853622,Posted: 31 March,all,KillerShake,"Great soundtrack, nice graphics, a Death Count on par only with Dark Souls and that is a good thing.Bring on the sequel."
76561198085551151,Not Recommended,262960,21233917,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Dark Meta Knight,"In this review I will not count nostalgia into making the game good: I will only count the game itself as just that: A game.As a reminder, please don't rate this down or up based on disagreeing or agreeing to me, rate it based on how helpful it is, in the end all reviews are just opinions supported by facts.I played Metroid Fusion, Super Metroid, and a lot of the 2D Castlevania games, both on the DS and gameboy, a lot of them on Hard. I also played some Megaman X games.And I can safely say this game is more of a platformer than a metroidvania, and definitely more original Kid Icarus than the others...Minus most of the shooting.Pros:+ The music is good and goes well with the game.+ I will admit, Torture Chamber aside from the stupid boss was well designed and fair, probably the area that I had the most fun in, I'd have liked the whole game to be like that...I think I'll go play some Meat Boy now.+ The bosses for the most part are well designed and fun, they were one of the only things keeping me going to be honest and probably the best part.So...Boss Rush, maybe?+ The spells have variety.Oooooh man, the Cons:- The biggest con of all: The game is more frustrating than fun, and no, not Dark Souls frustrating but weirdly enjoyable.To tl;dr:- Movement would be decent, if not a little off, but what sucks all the fun out of it is you stop moving and just fall when you attack.- Cheap Deaths In The Darkness. (Quite literally sometimes.)- Combat is unsatisfying aside from bosses.- Backtracking is meh.- Basic weapons lack variety for the most part.- Some secrets are just not rewarding.- Some cutscenes are skippable, some not...- The plot is meh, I didn't care about the characters at all.- Movement would be decent, if not a little off, but what sucks all the fun out of it is attacking: You stop moving and just fall when you attack.The game is designed around that...In the wrong ways, it makes use of it by shooting deflectable projectiles at you over spike pits so that you hit the projectile and then fall and die.It feels cheap to make use of an instinct you developed through the game and gaming in general against you, it's not fun, it's frustrating.- Oh, right, you die a lot in this game too to make it seem hard, by spikes appearing below you spontaneously, or spikes falling from above you in a dark room, or spikes falling blocked by the health bar...See the pattern here? Hardly was a single enemy, aside from bosses the cause of my death, the rest was all spikes, because they 1-shot you.Reminds me of the Clock Tower in most Castlevanias, but that's the whole game.Y'know, the area nobody likes.- Because of attacking making you stop, combat aside from bosses isn't fun either and gets stale really, really fast.Dodge, (As in jump at different heights, and back away a bit.) run up to the enemy and button-mash because cooldowns are apparently non-existent.It doesn't even feel satisfying despite the abundant sound effects, probably because you have this nagging feeling that all of the money in the end will get dumped into some optional weapon.- Backtracking is meh.There is a lot of backtracking, but unlike good games that add something new and exciting to make the area fresh when you return, this game...Doesn't change the area at all, AKA it's uninteresting and tedious.- Basic weapons lack variety for the most part, there are about 4 different types, though you end up using a sword again at the end, aka the least fun weapon.The reason why I was fine using the same weapon in Castlevania and Metroid was because it was either versatile enough to be fun (Castlevania's whip) or changed with upgrades throughout the game (Metroid's blaster.)- Some secrets are just pointless, literally gags, like a minus world reference that serves no other purpose than ""Hay, nostalgia, you like this game now right?""Or literally trolling you and forcing you to die.- Some cutscenes are skippable, some not...It's 2015, while cutscenes are at most 15 seconds, (A certain witch talks really slowly.) it's still annoying.- The plot is meh, I didn't care about the characters at all.If my favorite character is a frog that doesn't say anything, by looks alone, something is wrong.Oh, and welcome to generic fantasy world+references.I get that it's trying to be less story concentrated to be like the older games, but...Meh.Overall: 6/10 - Overall it's a decent game for the price, it just isn't my cup of tea despite me liking similar games, due to some issues which I go into above.Gameplay: 6/10 - If attacking didn't stop you from moving, I swear the game would have +50% enjoyment.Music: 8/10 - Like I said, great music.Graphics: 7/10 - It's nice pixel art.Story: 4/10 - It's...Meh.In conclusion, go play the games this game got inspired by instead, they're a lot better.If you're all nostalgic you may like this game, like many others do.Also note that in the end this is my opinion, I can kinda see why people like this game, but...I didn't like it myself.""Over 20 hours and it was only $6, why the thumbs down?""Because it wasn't a very fun over 20 hours, I went through the whole game 100% and then some of NG+ (Basically more spikes+) so that people couldn't go ""You didn't even give the game a fair chance."""
76561197991716114,Recommended,262960,24953118,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,KrueGOAR-Nation,"I played through it, I don't think I got 100% because I'm not really a perfectionist and I honestly think that in order to enjoy a game you need to get as high a % without online help.I beat the game straight through and did a few extra things after to bring up my %.I never stopped having fun and honestly believed like I was playing a remade NES game which is WHY I bought it.If you like older games that are difficult, and it does troll the game player which I think is HILARIOUS.  Get this game, solid 10 hours of gameplay.  Wonderful soundtrack also (goes hand and hand with the NES aspect of it)"
76561198019576097,Recommended,262960,18981338,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,FullMetal,"This game is a perfect 8-bit metroidvania. You may find someone complaining about the history and the difficult, BUT IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE THIS. The fun part in those game is the exploration / challenge, and here we have lots of this. Optional bosses, secret skills and areas, hard (very hard) and tricky optional rooms and an awesome  old school soundtrack. If you are from the 80's you'll have an overdose of nostalgia, so many great references to zelda (be hit be a fairy and pay attencton), megaman, castlevania, mario, even to demon and dark souls games (remember the crystal cave before Seth? we have a 2d one here/ and the broken warp stone in the nexus of demon souls). Support this great game, we need more gems like this.PS.: keep in mind that this is the work of practically one 1 man, the same creator of the binding of isaac.BUG ADVISE: If you are stuck with 99% and seems to have all the items in the game, try to watch again the cinematics, you might have skiped one and they count for the 100%."
,Recommended,262960,24275320,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Arka48,Castlevania + Dark Souls = This Game.  Good fun.
76561198100800205,Recommended,262960,24324363,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,|||||||||,"One of the best metroidvania platformers I've played. The game is hard and you will probably die a lot. It's difficult in both aspects; platforming and bosses. Most of the harder stuff is optional content to be fair. The game offers a wide variety of weapons and spells, it helps a lot to know when to use wich. Once you know how to deal with bosses most of the become quite easy (will probably not be in the first playthrough). There is a good amount of optional content and secrets. After you beat the game it adds a + mode with some new features. Music is nice aswell. There are some bugs on certain occasions, but nothing too major."
,Recommended,262960,24646049,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Arcanium,"This game has some really strong pros and cons to it.Firstly the cons:-Insta-death is everywhere. The levels are quite literally designed to kill someone who doesn't know the layout. This is often done with falling spikes from the ceiling. Spikes are way too common and I wish they weren't insta-kills, but they are.-Things are fairly well hidden. Going along with the fact that the player doesn't ever have a map given to them, it is very easy to miss many things, including the optional dungeons. And missing these dungeons is a guarenteed way to fall behind the power curve and make an already difficult game even more difficult.-Until double jump, it's effectively just going right and then going right some more.The pros:-Exploring and doing the optional dungeons is really fun. Even though they're completely unneeded to beat the game and get the non-100% ending, they're still really fun to go through.-The music is fantastic. Probably my favorite track was the Sunken Temple, funnily enough, an optional area.-Double jump makes the difference. Suddenly the game opens up wide and you can do every optional area after that. Unfortunately double jump comes two areas before the end of the main storyline.So if I could change anything, I'd open up all of the optional areas earlier in the game. Because I felt like the first half was a slog through, but the second half was a blast. I'd like to play way more of the second half and skip the first half.The reason why the game suddenly got better is that Castle in the Darkness is a parody of Metroidvania games. These types of games shine when you can take various paths and explore. And for about half of the game, it felt like there was no exploring. So when you could finally do so, that is when the game was really able to show you all of the cool experiences it had to offer.I was ready to leave Castle in the Darkness a negative review, but the quality play of the second half of the game really left a positive experience with me, so I think I'd recommend this game."
,Recommended,262960,24629660,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,jokude,Really hard game.
,Recommended,262960,24532287,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,[RKHAN] Wolfsbane,"I watched this game grow up over the years, and was incredibly happy to see that it did not die out over time like so many other promising projects. I beat the demo that was released in 2013, saw another demo appear at E3, then rejoiced as the release date of February of 2015 was announced. I bought the game, thinking that $10 was a worthy investment to celebrate the completion of such a great tribute to some of the best and most challenging games in history (even though the original price was supposed to be $6). I love the gameplay, I love the music, and I love the secrets, secrets, secrets! So many easter eggs and obscure references hidden throughout the game!What absolutely made me fall in love with the game was one reference in particular: a special hidden statue of everyone's favorite toaster/lunchbox. HUZZAH!This game gets a solid 10/10 from me!"
,Recommended,262960,14671690,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,camux,"Plus:+Fun little platformer that sticks to an appreciated formula while presenting itself as something entirely unique and interesting without extensive use of tropes.+""Nintendo hard"" but absolutely fair.+Controller support is stellar (I use a Dualshock 4 in Bluetooth mode with the DS4Windows application).  It feels perfect, way better than Shovel Knight if you ask me.+Whatever engine used for the game is snappy and responsive, and I experience no fatigue or dizziness whether I'm using a 144hz monitor or my pseudo-120hz TV.Cons:-I can't explain it fully, but it seems like it had some inspiration from Rogue Legacy.  In itself, that is probably a compliment.  However, I appreciate this game a lot more than RL because it sets out to feel like an old NES game and never deviates from that mantra.  I actually enjoy this game more.-I won't say things are necessarily unfair, but some hazards and enemies caused me a decent amount of eye-rolling.  There are some instances where an enemy will respawn and in a way it feels more like Super Ghouls n Ghosts rather than a Vania.  Opinions will vary widely in respect to that.-I could be ill-researched but I sort of wish the game had more.  I haven't finished it yet, but already I definitely see a sequel adding in and fixing up some stuff I think warrant this being a solid first entry in a series.  The story and characters are not super memorable, but the gameplay is, and I hope/wish that the devs would expand on the mechanics and maybe flesh out some lore to go with it.If you at least appreciate older games like Zelda 2, Conquest of the Crystal Palace, or maybe some of the original Gameboy Castlevania games, I'm pretty sure you'd be happy with this game in  your library.  A for effort, I hope there's more (similar) from the developers of Castle in the Darkness."
76561198017332732,Recommended,262960,26610000,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,IronicMuffin,"This game was perfect in every way. I wish there was more. Lots of hidden gems to find. Cool weapons and spells. The music...oh god the music, so good. Just the right amount of challenge - so satisfying when you succeed. I can't recommend this game enough. Thank you Matt Kap and Nicalis for such a great game. I'm totally not affiliated with them...this really was an amazing game."
76561198320715689,Recommended,262960,26531056,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,mikedods,"Great job Matt, this rivals Axoim Verge as my favorite Metroidvania avialable!"
76561198018182941,Recommended,262960,26413361,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Slayer1557,"A rather satisfying Metroidvania.  You begin the game feeling weak and clumsy, but by the end you feel invincible, powerful, like a hero.  Not to say the bosses will be super easy, far from it, but you have more weapon choices, and spells to deal with whatever is thrown at you.  Some people complain about unforseeable deaths, usually at the hand of a falling spike.  I did not see that problem as much as they made it sound.  The game was fair 99% of the time, and if you pay attention, and have the platforming skills you will do fine.  The platforming can be a little tricky at a few points, and late in the game you have a few timed parts, so if you aren't good at this sort of thing, you may have trouble progressing.  The game has a pretty catchy, if repetetive, soundtrack.I wouldn't recommend this for everyone, but if you like this type of game, it is quite good."
76561197992199225,Recommended,262960,26944157,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kyolux,My favorite metroidvania game in years.
76561198001788291,Recommended,262960,17873343,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Neins,"Sometimes I don't know I was going to the wrong area or I need to save money for a better equipment,"
,Recommended,262960,23817007,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,eldee,"This game is essentially a love letter to the 8bit era. Tons of references and call-outs to oldschool games and even 80's pop culture if you have a keen eye (in the room where you find the ares gauntlet there's a giant painting of vigo the carpathian on the wall).There's an area that's clearly inspired by the clocktower in Castlevania, and you fight a mini-boss that borders on infringement-territory with taito's bubble bobble.All of this is to say that Castle in the Darkness clearly knows its audience and isn't afraid to play fan service. It has pretty solid platforming, lots of criss-crossing and back-tracking, RPG mechanics like inns and shops, and everything else you'd expect from a game that's trying to harness the power of the 80's.So yes- thumbs up, buy this game and enjoy it if these are the types of things that you enjoy. However, there are some negative things to point out.First, this game is pretty rough around the edges. Gamepad support is barely there, and menus are never fully navigable using only a gamepad (you always end up having to go back to the keyboard for something) which means you likely won't be enjoying this game from your couch in big picture mode.Second, the resolution options for this game are abhorrent. It starts up in windowed mode- aTINYwindow, which almost makes sense given that it's a pixel-game. You are provided with a handful of scale-factors to choose from, which also makes sense given that you want to keep square pixels for an authentic experience. What doesnotmake sense is the fact that everything is scaled bilinearly, which means everything gets blurry as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Why didn't they provide an option for nearest neighbor scaling to keep the pixel art nice and sharp? The developers of this game need to go play Shovel Knight and see how a retro game can be developed for modern hardware and still keep its authenticity.Aside from those two major issues, everything else I've encountered is fairly minor."
76561197989996364,Recommended,262960,23790257,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Spooky Electric,"If you like a twitchy platform dodge the spikes, very NES, castlevania-esque platformer, this game is for you!!"
,Recommended,262960,23755114,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Pixelfetish,"Well made and thought out 8Bit era retro gem.It is the little things making this game really stand out.Controls, graphics, level & enemy design are well done.10/10"
76561197987744952,Recommended,262960,28009448,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Domapatchy,AHHHH I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!
76561198020880052,Recommended,262960,27567201,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Plot Thickens,"This game is great in every possible way. It has a nice soundtrack, playability and characters. It catchs that nostalgic vibe of a well made gb game. If you have some money you dont where to spend, spend it here and support this awesome developer. I wish there was a sequel :)"
,Recommended,262960,27596235,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sock5953,Amazing soundtrack and the graphics are to die for.
,Recommended,262960,28310920,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,8-Bit Assassin,"Being a huge fan of pixel art, Castle In The Darkness stood out to me immediately when I came across it.  I was pretty happy to have gotten it when it was on sale and can honestly say that I got far more than my moneys worth out of it.  Castle is phenomenal, easily one of the toughest and well put together platformers in recent memory.  Words really don't do the title justice, if I had to compare it to any other title I would say that Castle In The Darkness is very much like a 2D pixel art version of Dark Souls (Calling it Pixel Souls would have been fitting lol).  If you enjoy platformers and a good challenge though then look no further."
76561198274558590,Recommended,262960,30971214,Posted: 5 April,all,dungeonconquerorB,"Imagine a game that is a cross between the game design of Super Metroid and the difficulty of Zelda II: The Adventure of Link.  If you can imagine that, you're imagining Castle in the Darkness.  It is mostly a Metroid-style game, but with a fantasy setting and RPG elements.  It contains a truckload of references to old 8-bit games and maybe other things from the 1980s, some of which I don't even get, but it's fun to find them all and very funny when you know what something references.  But I'm going to warn you early, this is the most difficult 2-D Metroid-style game I have ever played.  The worst of it is confined to 2 areas (Torture Chamber and Sorcerer's Quarters), but this game is still borderline controller-throwing hard.  That said, let's move on to the breakdown.Graphics:  8/10  Pretty faithful to the 8-bit generation, but in places I could pick out things that were a little bit more smooth than what the NES could really do.Controls:  7.5/10  Actually controlling the character worked perfectly well for me with an XBox One controller, but I have to dock the devs serious points on this one because there is absolutely no way to pause the game unless you change the active window on your PC.  After that, you do have to press a key to unpause, but the only way to pause in the first place without the game disappearing is to just find a safe area, clear out the enemies and then put the controller down.  That's literally all you can do.  I have never seen a game without a pause button my whole life, except this one.  Shameful.Game Design:  7/10  Other than my opening paragraph, you can see the basic game design by looking at the video on the game's Steam Store page.  On the surface, it seems like Mr. Kap focused a little too hard on all the references in the game and didn't do enough to make the game stand on its own apart from the old games it pays homage to, but if his primary goal was just to create a game that plays like a love letter to the whole 8-bit generation, I guess he succeeded as well as anyone could.  Honestly, the biggest problem I found was that they put the Wing Boots item so far into the game after you passed so many areas where you needed it, it was hard to remember all the areas you needed to revisit without an in-game map.  I know the lack of a map is another homage to the 80s, but I never would have found everything in this game without a guide.  Luckily, there is a very good one here on Steam which uses a PDF file, so look for it if you want it.Music:  8/10  The synthesized chiptune sounds are very authentic to the NES.  As far as composition goes, at the beginning of the game, I didn't think much of it.  But the further I got, the more I realized that even though it's not the caliber of Koji Kondo, and not really good enough to listen to outside the game, most of the tracks are very well-suited to their areas and every time I quit playing the game, I had one of the tunes in my head for hours afterward.Replay Value:  6/10  After you 100% the game, there is a very fun New Game+ that you can do to push the game further and fill out the extras menu, but after you complete all of those things once, you won't immediately feel the need to do it again just for enjoyment.Overall Score:  7/10In summary, I cannot really say that Mr. Kap made a great game here, but he did make a good game, and certainly an excellent nostalgia trip.  If you are a person who lived through the days of the NES, considering the relatively cheap price of this game, I think it would be worth playing it at least once, as long as the difficulty doesn't put you off.  I would have been very skeptical at first, and might have even decided not to buy the game, were it not for a glowing review I read onGameFAQs.com, but I'm glad I didn't miss out on it after all."
,Recommended,262960,28730868,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Halfwar,"Loved it challenging and fun, reminds me of NES games. A really well done Metroidvania."
,Recommended,262960,15030942,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Brobelia,"If you're a fan of difficult retro games, then this is something for you. Though I've died over 400 times within two full playthroughs, this game was fair and the difficulty curved was at a steady pace. Castle in The Darkness gave me an experience I haven't had since I've played Cave Story.And all the negative reviews are nothing but people claiming that the game is too hard. That should tell you about the fun you're in for ;)"
76561197962039322,Recommended,262960,28894073,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Gorge Express,"One of the better metroidvania's I've played recently, but I would not recommend it to people that get frustrated easily. The genre typically isn't known for being difficult, but this one is filled with super meat boy esque instant death traps. Save points are abundant, but it's still nothing like Ori where you can create them wherever you please. It's never unfair, but you are still going to die a lot due to how punishing taking a single hit can be.Most of the weapons are swords that are only used to stab with and have no vertical range. You get a variety of spells such as fireballs. Exploration is very rewarding, but also very risky due to how easy it is to die. Boss fights are fun and plentiful.The game doesn't do anything unique or special. It's just very well designed, and offers a generous amount of content for the price."
,Recommended,262960,28748202,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TF.141-Abduduldudu,This game is one of the hardest and best games I've ever seen.It combines old gameplay mechanics and good enemy AI.There's one thing you must know.... you will die... often.
76561198372747910,Recommended,262960,33278955,Posted: 5 July,all,SmashTom,"Castle in the Darkness is a fun, short and also very challenging 2D platformer with RPG elements.Tons of bosses to fight, a large amount of weapons, armor, magic and relics to find along with a graphical style that reminds me a lot of Zelda: Link's Awakening. Decent soundtrack and a charming, cute little story makes this game a nice way to spend some time. And it only costs a few bucks, so that's an extra bonus ;)"
,Recommended,262960,33208231,Posted: 3 July,all,Scarecrow,"The cheapest and easily one of the best games I bought in the 2017 summer sale.It's difficult, the references to other games are pretty obnoxious, the troll moments are not as funny as I think the dev intended, the art in some places is difficult to look at, and the game would be hugely improved with a map; however, the check points are plentiful with turn around time like that of super meat boy, the number of extra bosses and hidden levels is staggering, and most importantly I geninuely want to keep playing."
,Recommended,262960,33170381,Posted: 2 July,all,SCUM-O-CIDE,Souls cute metrovania
76561198142259772,Recommended,262960,33326383,Posted: 6 July,all,R3DW0LF,Reminds me a lot of Castlevania 2: Simon's Quest. If you like metroidvania games you will like this.8/10
,Recommended,262960,33601191,Posted: 16 July,all,cemcdnld,Amazing game! Old-school difficulty. I enjoyed this just as much as Momodora: Reverie.
76561198079519747,Recommended,262960,33601940,Posted: 16 July,all,The Big Tasty,This games is AWESOME.  It even freezes sometimes like if i was playing it on nes.  Still worth it.  GET IT!!! BEAT IT!!! SO YOU CAN SAY YOU DID!!!!
,Recommended,262960,34047648,Posted: 5 August,all,Future Ivy,"A brutal, snarky, and rather adorable platformer. Not really for the faint of heart, but if you're up for a challenge then I can recommend it!"
,Recommended,262960,34550950,Posted: 28 August,all,Cheeky_Monkey,"I enjoyed beating this game 100 %, what a challengue!- Another challenging metroidvania to your collection of games with a simple attack system that only requires good timing and reflexes to beat; a couple of backtracking and avoiding insta-deaths in the walk back and forward is crucial to advance further into the game.- Beware there is only save stations! Do not go forward without saving!- Lots of easter eggs, secrets and hidden areas; not to mention the mini games that you unlock.For the price it's at I definitely recommend it. Hope you enjoy it as much as I did and don't give up after a couple deaths, it's supposed to be hard."
76561197983496416,Recommended,262960,34746344,Posted: 4 September,all,CrOnNoS,"Awesome game. Buy it.Ok, giving more details.The game is one of the best metrodvania i've played in a long time, if not ever. The level design, monsters, progression and bosses, everything is just top notch. I won't go in details here. If you like metrodvania and is tired of people failing trying to make a decent one, go ahead with Castle in the Darkness.Still, there's plenty of negative reviews talking about some ""flaws"". In my opinion, they are completely true.There's one thing that gave so much negative reviews to the game and it's the ""falling spikes"".Like me, you want to know about the game, you gonna read the reviews and think ""meh, these people might be exagerating"". They are not.The problem about the falling spikes is that they are not there to give you a challenge, not there to make things exciting. They are put there to screw you. Let me explain with a good example. As a gamer you for sure already heard about the insane difficult Mario games. They are about killing the player, all the time, the focus of the game is to put things where they should not be just to screw the player so you die and laugh and you friend laugh and nobody finishes the ♥♥♥♥ing game and everyone dies happy.Well, the falling spikes are just like that. They are design choices made to just screw you, that's all, and that's the reason they brought so many negative reviews.So, like i said before, the game is just great, but if you think you are the type of person who will rage quit because the game wants to screw you for no specific reason, you should not buy this because that's exactly the reason this game has it's falling spikes."
76561197970990703,Recommended,262960,35151049,Posted: 23 September,all,morphismus,"At first I thought it would be an easy nice little game which could be finished in 2 hours. But I was very wrong! After a while it gets really challenging and sometimes quite frustrating. Especially the spikes which kill you instantly! But after trying again and again at least I could finish the game (but not with perfect ending).The presentation and gaming mechanics are super old school and reminded me of my time with NES games like Faxanadu, Battle of Olympus, Castlevania, even Super Mario. It's quite addicting to play the same levels several times and discovering something new each time. Finally I've spend more than 15 hours and died more than 600 times (spikes) - and it was totally worth it.*SPOILER*For me there is one negative point - usually you are rewarded for complicated tasks with a new power or item. I've invested a LOT of sweat and blood  to find those ten pages from the book of the dead. Probably died 300 times for them - hoped to use the book for something great. But NOTHING happened - just one more ordinary step to reach the 100% (too hardcore for me - I'm not an achievements hunter). That was quite disappointing and now I'm giving up at 95% completion. But nonetheless - it is a great game and I would recommend it!"
,Recommended,262960,35188911,Posted: 24 September,all,mr_english,"Beautiful retro-style graphics and wonderful music. Sometimes it makes you feel frustrated because of a missing jump, but it's definitely a very good game. Be advised: it's very challenging."
76561198092772246,Recommended,262960,35057114,Posted: 18 September,all,Cryo,"So many cry babies, This game is sooooo... much fun!!"
76561197982567490,Recommended,262960,35057763,Posted: 18 September,all,Nathaniel Prime,"This game is as a very good Metroidvania! It is a 2D platforming RPG. There are no experience points or levels, instead you find items to improve your power. Mostly you find simple stat upgrades, but there are some cool special abilities as well. Combat is quite fun, and there is a nice variety of levels. It doesn't add anything revolutionary to the genre, but instead focuses on doing the same thing as others, except better. I highly recommend this to fans of the genre!"
,Recommended,262960,35515895,Posted: 6 October,all,foudelou fuckaduck,good metroidvania.
