user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,262940,28828582,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Faudraline,"""But the Serpent was wiser than all the animals that were in Paradise...""""And God cursed the Serpent and called him 'Devil'...""""And He said, 'Behold, Adam has become like one of us, knowing evil from good.'"" -The Testimony of Truth (Gnostic Gospel circa 100AD)Broken Sword 5 - the Serpent's Curseis the last part of Broken Sword series, coming out in 2014. Yup, our lovely duo is back in our lives again, nearly 20 years after the release of the legendary first game. We have witnessed George and Nico evolve throughout years - and devolve in some games, to be honest - yet after the commercial and presentational failure that we'd know asBroken Sword 4 - Angel of Death, I wasn't expecting much from a new game. I had come to accept that even though it had a marvelous beginning, Broken Sword series were dying in our age. Now I am thrilled to announce that I was tremendously wrong after playing this adventure gem. George and Nico are back, and they are at their best!Some years after the 4th game, George and Nico run across each other by another odd chance in an art exhibition. They are back in Paris again: the city that holds many memories for both; of cafés, of music, of love and of death. Where it all began years ago. This time, George is working for the insurance agency which the gallery owner made an arrangement with, and Nico is simply there to catch a scoop of the gallery opening. Just before they can catch up or get on a nostalgia train through longing looks they exchanged, they witness an art theft and an accompanying murder! Gallery owner is shot andLa Malediccio- a religious Gnostic painting by the mysterious artist El Serp - is stolen. As fate pushes Nico and George into each other to run through a final mystery, we take on yet another mystical yet hilarious adventure with them.Okay, from this point, it might very well become a love letter and a summary of the whole franchise and narrative, so feel free to skip this part if bored. Narrative pace, presented lore, character interactions and humor are incredibly well here! I was really worried - and a bit depressed after playing the 4th game, since it was obvious that with each new game hailing from the series, the quality of all these aspects dropped down a bit more. Legendary with the first, well-done with the second, quite nice with the third and... Downright horrible with the fourth. Now this game, brings back George and Nico, and what made both their personalities and the stories revolved around them special. We'll meet new characters, catch up with old ones and work on a full blown conspiracy with medieval background yet again. This time, the lore focuses on a less known - and mostly apocryphal side of Christian history: Gnosticism. It is a different approach with authentic scriptural storyline, compared to the millionth Catholic witch hunt we've seen in video game history so far. It is refreshing.Environment design is again 2D classic point and click, with 3D depth enhancement. Keyboard interference is completely gone once again. Artworks are marvelous, and site transitions are wondrously smooth. You keep playing the game without a notch of display quality dropping down. Character designs are marvelous cartoon exaggerations again, with some comic art shading, which is a tip of hat to older games yet a refreshing redesign when it comes to animations. I have to add that the soundtrack was also the best in the series since the first one. Kudos!This is a text-book classical P&C adventure if I've ever seen any. We have inventory collection, NPC & environment interactions, and of course puzzles to solve. Well, not to dishearten, but puzzles are not really challenging. They only take some attention to detail and some careful reading in most places. Yet, they are not actively time consuming at least. Now that we are not dealing with 3D environments anymore, all box-pushing puzzles we've suffered through in previous games -3rd and 4th, to be specific - are gone. Yay! Oh, and there are achievements added to this game, which is a first in the series here on Steam. By the way, as another side note to fans: the goat is back!Beautiful, mysterious, intriguing and funny. All these are the qualities of a Broken Sword game, and this 5th instalment delivers all these aspects in full potential. It is a must for the fans, and a more than decent addition to all adventure gamers' library. Enjoy!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,262940,7916036,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,UnderwaterFrank,"Dear Adventurecommunity,After My first impressions of this Game I can say the Broken Sword Series is back. The lovely Graphics, the Voice Acting and the Story make this hole Game to a great Revolution of the Series. From the Design it is like the first two Parts of the Broken Sword Series, but with new features like an Autosave and Game Hind function.All in all I would thank Mr. Charles Cecil and the Kickstarter Backers who make this all possible. So i hope You all will enjoy this Game and happy Investigating.Your DickEvil----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------An Euch Adventurefreunde,nach meinen ersten Eindrücken ist es wirklich fantastisch geworden. Es sieht wunderschön aus und macht einen lebendigen Eindruck, sehr schöne deutsche Synchronisation. George wird wieder von dem gleichen Sprecher synchronisiert und auch die anderen Sprecher sind sehr gut gesprochen. Es spielt sich wie damals beim ersten und zweiten Teil. Also wieder back to the roots. Die Geschichte geht spannend voran und die Rästel sind logisch.Es ist wieder wie damals, Nico und George in Paris, danke Charles Cecil und alle Kickstarter Backer das ihr dieses Spiel für uns Fans möglich gemacht habt.So dann werde ich mal weiter ermitteln und die Verschwörung versuchen aufzudecken.Viel Spaß beim spielen liebe Adventure und RätselfreundeEuer DickEvil"
,Recommended,262940,7916029,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Jonezy,"The game is various levels of awesome.There are some moments when the lips don't move. Yet, that's the only complaint I have with the game!A tutorial for newcomers and an autosave. That and various great options. Man, I'm loving this version <3"
76561197996515704,Recommended,262940,13544250,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mechanoise,"As a Broken Sword fan who loved the first two games, but found the third and fourth game forgettable, I find this installment to be nothing short of fantastic.What's to love?- Original voice actors,- Beautifully designed 2D backgrounds,- Combination mechanics that make sense, you can actually figure these puzzles out!- Original design team who clearly have a love for this series.If Broken Sword 1 and 2 were personal favourites of yours, you have no reason not to give this a try. The game is quite long! Just over 14 hours or so to complete, and there's depth to it all. It's heartwarmingly back to its roots, so much so to have a wondrous Paris landscape with beautifully soothing music.If I'm not talking about the bad points, it's because I don't think there are any. Fans of the series know what a Broken Sword game is like, and apart from a mildly underwhelming ending, it's solid enough to be fun, engaging and very, very clever. Purchase, sit back, enjoy and smile."
,Recommended,262940,14489581,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Spiteful Crow,"I've never been a fan of adventure games because you often have to be inside the head of the developer in order to solve obscure puzzles that make little logical sense. Aside from The Walking Dead, Broken Sword has always been an exception to that rule. The first two games featured great puzzles, snappy dialogue, and intriguing mysteries. But after an awful third and fourth entry into the series, I was afraid the adventure genre was dead to me.Then along comes Broken Sword 5: The Serpents Curse. It does away with the horrendous transition to 3D and instead returns to gorgeous 2D backdrops. Back again is the clever dialogue and intriguing but not too obscure puzzles, and it's back one more time for another clever mystery. I really, really cannot reccoemend this game enough. You don't need to have played the others in the series, so it won't hurt to start here. If you love this game, go back and play the first two.-I opened a skylight with a bottle of diet cola and mints, then used a grappling hook made out of a dust cover and a crowbar to escape a building.  10/10"
,Not Recommended,262940,10464124,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Little Puffski,"As a die hard fan of original Broken Sword: Shadow of Templars, I really dislike this game. However, if I'm about to be fair, it's slightly above average. Adventure games aren't that common these days, and if you've never heard about Broken Sword series, for the price, it's not that bad.SynopsisBut if you're a Broken Sword fan like me, I would either not recommend the purchase, or buy it, thinking of it as kind of spin off game that has little to do with what made original great. For me particularly, it's the writing, acting and music.Storyline & charactersVery uninspired and lazy. Dialogues are not funny, painfully cheesy, stuff happens solely for the plot to continue further, characters are (with some exceptions) quite bland, even George (!!!) and you can spot every cliche from miles away. ""Hey, this place is not safe, let me tell you all that important stuff at much safer place, and count on me not to get killed on the way there!"" Original Broken Sword was playing it seriously, but was packed to the top with dry humor that was fitting perfectly. Here, it's nothing like that. Goofy, lazy, stupid and only here and there you'll catch a glimpse of something funny. A lot of old characters that have been brought back are just pointless cameos without any reason to be there, plus they've all lost their charm. (Moe is nothing like the funny goofball he used to be, now he's really just a guy. A guy without any personality.)Voice actors are also really bland. They all play it safe, so you'll never get a really bad impression, but you'll never get an impression that they beleive stuff is happening around them. Compared to how amazing they were in first game, once again, it's just a letdown. I personally blame whoever was in charge of voice acting, because actors can only do so much on their own, if they're not told what kind of vision director has. And I don't think they're bad, just badly utilized.Music and graphicsMusic is also somewhat of a letdown to me. Broken Sword 1 had amazing and memorable orchestral soundtrack and each track was carefully selected so it really had a meaning and helped out building atmosphere. Here, it's sometimes decent, but overall I just felt like in case of Fable series, where soundtrack never got any better than the first one. Plus I'm missing those little musical cues when something was happening, again, it's here and there, but not enough. Not terrible, but not amazing.And graphics - I'm a big sucker for traditional 2D animation, not cell shaded 3D graphics like this one has. It's awkward. But I can understand that once again, budget issues wouldn't allow for traditional animation, or perhaps Revolution thinks this look sells more. I've always adored cutscenes from original, because some of them were like something out of Don Bluth movies (and if you don't know who he is, do some research), here for obvious reasons, it isn't like that. And don't get me wrong, the game isn't ugly, but it feels phony. Also, there is almost nothing going on in background. Remember the rich and animated backgrounds in original? Compared to traditional animation, it's just cheap and once again, takes you out from the overall experience, but compared to other things, it doesn't bother me too much.In the end, I'm happy for Revolution that they can continue doing what they love, it's better to get something than nothing and frankly, as I've sayed, it's at least an average game. I just wish it was better, and I'm still hoping that one day we'll get that Broken Sword game that will be just as awesome as the first one was."
,Recommended,262940,20867011,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Pointnclickster,"Wow, this game is basically perfect! It was fun, it was exciting, it was groovy! This will be a love fest of a review since, for me, everything was perfect. The game is gorgeous. Seriously, it is one gigantic screentshot, with the beautifully drawn characters and locations with a hint of 3D to make them three dimensional. The detail and the color in this game never drops, whether you are on the streets of London and Paris, or a dingy shop on the outskirts of town, or a dank and dark cave. This game is eye candy. The characters are top notch. George and Nico are in top form. We have a great cast of supporting characters as well as familiar faces from previous Broken Sword games...and for all of you who played Broken Sword 1, the goat is back! The actors, the script, and story all come together to create an experience that hails back to the original Broken Sword. The music that was composed for this is very cool. I found myself dancing in my seat to the cool 1970's jam sequences. Now for the mechanics side. The game is a true point and click, with no keyboard interference. Every action has an animation, so sometimes George and Nico have to watch a side character, or listen to a side conversation before being able to act. This can be a tad annoying, but it helps focus attention in the right place. There is a wonderful hint system so that way you don't have to get stumped and search a walkthrough while in game. This game was made with wanting players to have fun, not to get irritated over puzzles. I would say that if you have never played any of the Broken Sword games, this could be a good start, and then go back a play the first game in the series. Also, I would vouch to say that if you like a good detective/adventure story with religious conspiracy themes, this would be worth picking up, even if you don't usually play point-and-click adventures. If this is the last game in the Broken Sword series, I can't think it could have ended any better. I am very glad I played this, and know that there will be another playthrough in the future."
76561198117844895,Recommended,262940,11835958,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Rizer,"I enjoyed Broken Sword 5. The game made me laugh. Thumbs up.… Well, if you want a little more detail than that, fine, I guess I could try to expand upon why it won me over.I first learned that the point & click game series “Broken Sword” existed because of my cell phone actually. I had a smart phone. I had no games on it that would hold my attention for more than 15 minutes or so. And, at the time, I had a three-hour flight. Dreading boredom, I browsed games until I found Broken Sword 1.  Then a month later I bought Broken Sword 2. By that time I become a casual fan of the series so of course I bought Broken Sword 5.It took me a bit to understand WHY this point and click game stood out to me. It wasn’t exactly ground breaking. Each game had a mystery plot that had the characters adventuring to new locations and trying to solve a murder that revolves around historical artifacts and each game had puzzles that made you think outside the box. The art was great and the voice acting was wonderful. The plot was  humorous and filled with fun loving characters.It was good on all these levels, but there was an additional something that just makes it more noticeable to me. I still have trouble putting my finger on it, but I can only described the feel as a serene level of calm pleasantness. Playing Broken Sword 5 (as well as the other broken sword games) was like picking up a favorite book again or going fishing with some buddies.There was no feeling of urgency to complete the game, no over exotic melodrama, no underlying political messages, jarring scenes of violence, or crazy car chases. I didn’t play this game because everyone else was talking about it or because it was on the latest and greatest tech.It was a  casual player’s dream. To play a game just so it can bring out a chuckle and a stress dissipating smile, during those times when a person only seems to have a half an hour a day or so to themselves."
76561198017079981,Recommended,262940,32199374,Posted: 5 June,all,PeaceMaker,Good ol' point & click.Beautiful art and animations.Riddles are logical (mostly) and make feel good about yourself.The humour is on a decent level.Voice acting is top bananas as always in this franchise.In this genre it's a solid 9/10Would be 10 if the ending was slightly more... interesting.
,Not Recommended,262940,31196792,Posted: 17 April,all,iMatrix7,"I was so close to the end of this game, and then, BOOM!I apparently encountered a bug that is impossible to overcome.. at 81% of the game. That suc*s.Looking on web, it apparently is a translation bug or something similar, that forbids you to put a specific word in one of the final enigmas (Tabula Veritatis). Lots of people has still today no idea how to finish the game at this point, someone suggest to load an old savegame, or to start the entire game from zero, just to try again that enigma, but no one confirmed that this actually works.A stupid but definitive bug that never was solved by devs in years (I'm writing this in 2017) and that can forbids you to see the ending of a very cool game.Dear Revolution,I was so happy for this comeback. I played the Broken Sword series since the day one of the first chapter and then I always played your games until this one.. and it was a MASSIVE shame that now probably I cannot finish the last one.I still want to try some possible workarounds before unistalling it, but the negative review will remain, since this stupid bug probably ended a lot of nice gameplays of other people, probably including myself. 3 years were enough to fix this bug, you didn't.PS = Not to mention, part of my frustration, is also this message to one of the guys who got this bug, wrote by one of the devs:""Hi there - if you can email Catherine@Revolution.co.uk I know she can either offer advice or send you a Savegame file for the next scene along in the game whilst she looks into the issue for you.""Proof:http://i.imgur.com/TtBrSSu.pngYou can offer an advice, a savegame, but you cannot simply fix the game.Really? REALLY????I've no words for this.Shame."
,Recommended,262940,12259421,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Andrew 林,"I would recommend this game to fans of the first 2 Broken Sword games. Revolution has returned to using mostly 2D graphics, and the results are beautiful. If you like traditional point-and-click games, like the ones from the 90s Lucasarts and Sierra eras, you'll feel right at home with this game. The story isn't the most engaging, but most of the puzzles are pretty logical.If you want a more modern point-and-click puzzle adventure game, TellTale has done a better job with Tales of Monkey Island and Sam n Max."
76561198036498823,Recommended,262940,15966498,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Solanum nigrum,It is... Broken Sword.There is not much to say about it. Classy game of point&click. with an solid story and well placed jokes.9/10 And tonight we gonna party like it's 1969
76561198187111971,Recommended,262940,16588593,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,limic,"I loved Broken Sword 1 and 2. Glad they went back to the old graphics for this one. I really enjoyed it, lots of small little puzzles to complete. I got about 6 hours of gameplay out of it and having recently re-played the older games made this game a bit easier. I hope Broken Sword 6 will come out at some point!"
,Recommended,262940,19487528,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,fathergwyneth,"Back by nostalgic demand, this fifth installment of the franchise is something of a return to form, albeit one that is as guilty of replicating the faults of previous games as it at revisiting the strengths.Abandoning the 3D worlds and returning to a 2D style, reminiscent of the first two installements, helps the game recapture the appealing artwork style that enhanced the atmosphere of those first two adventures. Not to mention the return of Barrington Pheloung on soundtrack duties. Meanwhile voice work is largely of a good quality, spear-headed by Rolf Saxon's now iconic performance as George Stobbart.However, it's the story that really starts to let things down, with the plot taking some silly turns that push the player out of the narrative, keeping you at arm's length from really engaging with the events unfolding on screen. There are also a handful of puzzles that are frustrating in a way that stops you feeling like you're really experiencing the thoughtful adventure, meaning that you spend ages pursuing an idea that seems right, receive no confirmation that you're making any progress, and then feel lost, only to realise that you were right to begin with... and not in some sort of rewarding ""I'm a genius!"" fashion, sadly.It also feels terribly anti-climatic, though that's been a problem of every single Broken Sword game, but, for fans of this series, this is a much appreciated step back in the right direction, and undoubtedly the third best game in the series, though that's both high praise and something of a back-handed compliment."
76561198089052394,Recommended,262940,30999270,Posted: 7 April,all,JD Herrera,"Broken Sword 5 - The Serpent's Curse			* 8/10The latest (not the last, I heard they're working on a new BS) chapter of this saga comes back with a classic yet renewed style!After the questionable 3d and keyboard input experiments with the 3rd and 4th chapters, this 5th chapter presents itself in a classic aspect, the way we used to know Broken Sword as in its most appreciated chapters (1st and 2nd). 2d characters (actually 3d, but then exported in 2d) on 2d beatifully drawn ambiences.As usual the story starts very quickly: George and Nico meet up by chance for work reasons at an art gallery in Paris and they both witness the homicide of the gallery owner and the theft of a particular painting, which is the core of this story as the entire adventure revolves around it. Obviously this time the purpose will be to find the killer, who's behind him and what is the story behind that particular painting.The spirit of the game is back at its origin, we'll see new characters but also old acquaintances (a special mention for the Goat), the game can be played with just the mouse again and the interface is very intuitive.We'll be visiting many locations and almost all of them are well realized, with details, or great sceneries or good old humour (special mention for Pugs), which is always present in George's speech.Dialogues are always important, they reveal informations and even though they're not always essential they give shape to characters (special mention for the ""gardener"" with Nico).Riddles sometimes can be hard to understand or solve (special mention for the ""sancuary"" and the dark cave) but there's nothing that can be impossible if you try to understand all the elements around you and try with logic and George's logic, according to the situation.The story is very pleasant to follow, a thrilling starting point, hideous characters, old acquaintances, many plot twists and revelations, everything with a touch of classic humour in the right points.To make it short this chapter is another one of my favourites among the frist two chapters. Good job Revolution, I can't wait for the next chapter!+++PROs+++IT'S BROKEN SWORD!A chapter realized with the successful recipe that made the first two titles so good is not a guarantee for success, but it makes a good title if you add it a good story, easter eggs and a good soundtrack.---CONs---DIFFICULTIES.I have to admit I had some trouble with few riddles, especially in the final part of the game.I played this game on this machine:Intel Core i7-497016Gb RAM DDR3GeForce GTX 660Windows 10 Professional x64"
,Recommended,262940,33037129,Posted: 30 June,all,One Lemonade,"TL;DRIt's amazing. All point-and-click or Broken Sword fans should buy it.10/10In-depth reviewWhether you're new to the Broken Sword franchise or a fan of the previous games, this game is a must play for all point-and-click fans. The beautiful sceneries, the head scratching puzzles and the gripping storyline make this my favourite Broken Sword so far.PuzzlesThe puzzles in Broken Sword 5 are, one word; fantastic. The difficulty of them are perfect, as no puzzle can be solved instantly, and no puzzle will make you pull your hair out and bring up a guide. They are all relative, and once solved allow the player to progress further into the game.10/10GraphicsThe game is designed in a cartoon fashion, but that doesn't stop it looking brilliant. The scenery and art work that got put into this game is phenomenal and it is truly easy to appreciate the time and effort that went into it. Who doesn't like a beautiful background while solving puzzles?10/10GameplayBe aware it is a point and click game! But as far as point and clicks go, the gameplay is truly on point. Theonlysmall negative I can make about the entire game is here, and it's that it can be a little slow in places. There was a point or two where I was like""Oh just hurry up!"", but it was a very rare occurrence (but for those of you who are wanting a relaxing experience - it's perfect!). The storyline is terrific and encourages you to continue playing as you cannot wait to find out more.9/10StorylineSpoilers, obviously!The story starts off as good old George Stobbart in Paris, typically in an art gallery. A famous (or so-called infamous by a local priest) as arrived at the gallery, and the owner Henri is excited about showing it off. All is not as it seems, as a robbery takes places and the owner of the gallery gets in the way of a bullet. Clever George is not convinced that this was a normal robbery and believes it's a inside job, so who else to figure this case out that George Stobbart and the beautiful Nico Collard.Travelling around Europe, the duo attempt to find the real reason behind the robbery and the truth regarding theinfamouspainting, La Maledicció. After getting involved with bad people, they soon realise that there is a lot more to this robbery that George first thought. Several people are claiming ownership to the painting, and different meaning behind the painting are being discussed. The duo sets out to meet these people claiming ownership and to discover the powers the painting possesses. Will they figure out what is so strange about the painting?10/10Final VerdictWith an excellent storyline, beautiful graphics style and awesome gameplay, I highly recommend this game. There are also achievements and trading cards to help tempt you that little bit more.OVERALL: 10/10"
76561198082645245,Recommended,262940,7985662,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,twisteH,"I felt the need to review this game, which I don't usually do, as I know a lot of people will be on the fence. Well, this game is fantastic. It combines the classic old skool gameplay that Broken Sword is known for, and adds all that is necessary - superb graphics and art style. The rest is the same as Broken Sword 1 and 2. Same pointer, same menu system at the top, same inventory etc etc.The story is really interesting, the dialogue is good and funny, and the puzzles require thought.It is also a lengthy adventure, and so well worth the price. Buy this game and support the developers as they deserve it, and if you want a Broken Sword 6!!"
,Recommended,262940,17767905,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Wakane,"After the not so well received Broken Sword 3 & 4, Broken Sword 5 is back to the root, which is the good old 2D classic graphic point-and-click adventure, just like broken Sword 1 & 2. And it's good!The Full HD graphic is crispt and nice! The puzzles are mostly logical, although a little bit here and there are okay.A recommended title for Broken Sword fans, and point-and-click adventure alike."
,Recommended,262940,13583510,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kilrathi lord,"Broken Sword 5 is an awesome adventure game and hails the return of one of the best game franchises in adventure game history. The graphics are awesome, even if some of the animations are a little stiff and awkward. The voice acting for the most part is superb with standout performances from george and nico. The story is amazing and is right up there with broken sword 1 and 2. Now for some basic pros and cons.PROS1. voice acting2. overall story is very well done that kept me engaged the whole way. I always loved the Indiana Jones aspects of the broken sword series and this game is no exception. its full of intrigue and suspense.3. puzzles for the most part are well thought out and not too hard, but as in any adventure game there are some hard ones and some solutions that are basically just trial and error. there is a built in hint system that can help you, im pretty proud I ony had to use it on two puzzles. overall I give the puzzle difficulty of it a 6/10 in the fact that for the most part they will challenge you but not frustrate you.4. The hand drawn backgrounds all look fantastic, and I mean FANTASTIC.5. The length of the game is also really good, I beat the the game in about 12.5 hrs, which I think is the perfect length for a game.CONS1. Animations are a little wonkie and im not a huge fan of the 3d models they used for the characters, I wish they were hand drawn like the backgrounds2. Humor and jokes while at times are truly funny, I believe this game misses on the jokes more than they hit. not a huge deal but I wanted to point it out.3. While the cutscenes still look good, they are no where the level they were in broken sword 1 and 2.4. the game for the most part ran smoothly but did crash on me twice, the good part though is it does auto save frequently, so was not a huge issue.5. While I love the fan service and cameos I thought they had too many cameos and returning characters, and one to many goat puzzles lol.CLOSING COMMENTSThis game is great I got it on sale and I cant reccomend it enough to anybody, especially if you played the other games in the series and enjoyed them, or if your an adventjure game fan in general. Although you should first play broken sword 1 and 2 bc even though this is the 5th game in the series, im pretty sure it follows the events of broken sword 2. they are also on sale right now. Broken Sword 5 is a great entry into the series, if I had to rank my fav broken sword games in order it would go1. broken sword 12. broken sword 53. broken sword 24. broken sword 35. broken sword 4"
,Recommended,262940,13722833,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,JetFred,"I'm a huge fan of the Broken Sword series.  George and Nico are second only to Guybrush and Elaine.  I tried not to mind too much when the series shifted to 3D and some action for the third and fourth installments because Revolution were clearly handling the games with care and love for the genre.  Still, I was thrilled when it became clear on Kickstarter that the fifth game would be 2D and action-free.The artwork in the game is about the best of this style that I have ever seen in a game.  Scenes are beautiful and detailed (and that really helps when you have to notice a slightly pink spot on a sort of orange spot).  I had to resist taking screenshots because they would all be spoilers.The game presents you with pretty standard environment, inventory, and dialog puzzles, but they all work pretty sensibly, even the decrypting puzzles late in the game.  I never got stuck due to some ridiculously obtuse puzzle structure.The worst I can say about the game is that there are so many spots to interact with, so many comments to hear (although still less than in a typical Daedalic game, by comparison) that you can progress pretty slowly and it's possible to get bored.  Still, the story is well written with a typical Indiana Jones plus reluctant hero approach as in the other Broken Sword games.  I did find it to be slightly less boring than the fourth game (which is finally on Steam, by the way).  The religious aspect of the story focuses on a conspiracy-flavored long line of Gnostics protecting an artifact that could upset the balance of Jehovah and Lucifer, so you kind of know the story will take you around Europe and eventually to the Middle East.So if you like the very best that standard point-and-click gameplay can offer, reasonable puzzles, and the best 2D artwork anywhere, this game is a must-play. Depending on your ability and your choice of pace, it's about a 12 hour game at least, possibly as much as 14 hours, longer than that other crowd-funded classic adventure game two-part installment that still isn't finished (ahem-cough-Broken-Age-cough)."
76561198118011804,Recommended,262940,8809139,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,ogvzhan213,I played the 1st one when i was 9. Now i'm 25 and i'm still a huge fan of the series. This game bring me back to the childhood memories. I hope there will be BS6 and BS7 series too.
,Not Recommended,262940,21763779,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,TommyH,"The control:• no double click to quick walk or skip to the next screen,• sometimes an object cannot be manipulated or an interview option does not appear until something is inspected even if it was inspected a while ago (earlier during the gameplay).The gameplay:• ridiculous puzzles just for having puzzles in the game,• clicking to some inventory items while talking to someone will activate absurd talk/offers.The story:• the story is flat,• ridiculos inspector Navet is really NOT plausible."
,Recommended,262940,26637477,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,heybabyxxx,"I loved the original game and none of the sequels impressed me as much. This fifth installment of the series tries to recapture the magic of that first masterpiece, bringing american George Stobbart (now working for an insurance company) and french journalist Nico Collard together again in lovely Paris for another adventure involving a religious cult and an old supernatural mystery, in several locations of Europe and the Middle East.But, besides the jokes involving goats, some recurring characters and good old George (voiced by Rolf Saxon) showing all the bizarre things he keeps in his pockets to everyone, this game lacks the amazing sense of humor of the original. It's not a bad point & click adventure (although the pixel hunting has become tiresome) and it's better than the 3rd game in 3D (I didn't play the 4th, considered the worst), but don't expect it to be as unforgettable as ""The Shadow of the Templars""."
76561198262080096,Recommended,262940,22223915,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ElLirogono,"A very good point&click adventure in the best of classic style, very much resembling first part of the Broken Sword series. It seems a bit more epic and more Indiana Jones-like with less humour, witty dialogues and climate, but does its job at keeping you entertained for 10 hours even if the characters are not too complex.Game itself is quite easy, puzzles are usually logical. Everything is wrapped in a nice graphic and soundtrack.It is a must for fans of the series, but if you're not really into this kind of games you should rather try the first part of BS.Made me want to play Shadow of the Templars again after 20 years."
,Recommended,262940,7927837,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,MazLad,"Really enjoying it so far but it's difficult to account for how much this is influenced by Nostalgia.It has a very similar feeling to the first two Broken Sword games, both in style and content. It's evident a bit of care has gone into the storyline and I'm keen to see if they keep the quality up through both episodes.As this is quite a nostalgic game, it will feel quite dated, particularly to those who have't invested in the series previously. Unlike current games it's very much on rails and doesn't include faux interactivity though moral choices, not that this is necessarily a bad thing. It's very much a straightforward puzzle point and click adventure game.I'd certainly recommend the game to would be buyers, but would advise new people to the franchise to try to get hold of the original Broken Sword and give it a play through. I went back to it recently and it has some very clever puzzles of the right kind of difficulty, almost a more logical Monkey Island, (which I also enjoy of course!)Perhaps look for the original version if you can, as the Director's Cut has had a very mixed reception).This new game comes into an time where there's more of a walkthrough culture in games where there can be a focus on 100%ing, getting all achievements and all that jazz. I'd really recommend bucking this trend for this game to just jump in and work through it at your own pace."
,Recommended,262940,7923605,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,romantiscience,"THE GOOD:-Competent installment worthy of the acclaimed series.-Easy entry point into the series with nods to previous games.-Detailed HD 2D backgrounds,- Streamlined and modern UI/hint system.-Flawless voice acting/sharp funny script.-Puzzles arn't overly obtuse.-Interesting murder-mystery plot which deepens into a larger conspiracy.THE BAD-Slowish pacing.-Some tacked-on puzzle segments that stretch credibility.-Puzzles generally well-integrated but not particularly inspired.-Character animations are rather limited."
,Recommended,262940,17051289,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,txster,"Done in 8 hours. Yes, buy it.I could have used just that tiiiiiiny bit more of polish, most notably for me on speech transitions -- characters will wait for their animation to be at the right spot to start talking, and since there's a LOT of dialogue in the game (GREAT voice over work) that's a crapton of little delays during the whole affair.Backgrounds are gorgeous, I understand some people not liking the '3D' look of the characters but I did like them. Callbacks to previous games are nice, but you don't really need to have played them to enjoy this one.The last hour or so I found to be streched a bit thin puzzle wise.. Really 1 thing to be done at a time, and only one specific way to do it, could have used more hints on close solutions and the like. Did use the hint system just to get to the end because my patience was running out. Lots and lots of looking at George walking (slowly) around to try and retry actions. Ugh. Still not a big thing, but noticeable."
,Recommended,262940,27502607,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Esski,"As a long time fan of the series, I loved this instalment.The art style is beautiful & voice acting never fails to impress.If you are a fan of Point and Click you must play BS 5."
76561198025070619,Recommended,262940,20486496,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,spiritworld,"Probably the best game in the series. In retrospective I think that getteing the best experience is to play 1, 2, 5 and skip 3 and 4.Pros:-absolutely stunning 3d cellshaded graphics and handpainted background art-relatively easy to progress, so you don't get stuck often-good story and consistent speed in advancing it-humor-same voice actors as alwaysCons:-can't run or speed up transitions. Luckily there's almost no aimless wandering"
,Recommended,262940,21112287,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Shin__Akuma,"Great voice acting, challenging and fun gameplay,amazing and a great pace make this one of the best puzzle games I've ever played.10/10"
76561197983377686,Recommended,262940,13744871,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Schera,"I must say, this is probably one of the best Point and Click games i've played. I was introducted into the Broken Sword universe with this game, and from what i've been told, this is not even the best in the series. The puzzles were pretty fun barring one. The voice acting is top-notch and the gameplay is as smooth as you expect from a point and click game. The storyline itself was very interesting, delving into somewhat obscure aspects of Religion ( at least for me).10/10."
,Recommended,262940,13839052,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mithras O_+,"Broken sword 5 now in 2D.5?pros:Voice acting, crystal clear and well done.Graphics/Art, Looks great *_*Good story, funny and clever dialogueLots of action!!!! (lots of peeps getting iced XD )Runs smootlyoption to skip intros/cutscenes and dialogueSteam achievements!Cons:Only issue I had, is the characters body language. It is a lot better compared to the 3rd and 4th games but it is still lacking. Feels like their arms are glued to their sides but aye its only minor and this is just me being petty.Overall it is a great game and worthy of the broken sword title (unlike the 4th ;=; ""why u so bad"") and what a way to revitalise the series!!!7/10Broken sword fans assemble!!!!!! ---and get this game :D"
76561198051971343,Recommended,262940,16882228,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,BlackHawk,"'Broken Sword' and 'Broken Sword - Smoking Mirror', along with the 'Monkey Island' serial are one of my favorites games of my childhood. It is so good to see 'BS 5 - the Serpent's Curse' return to the roots with 2D and amazing hand drawn art syle. If you are a fan of point & click adventure games, then this is an essential add to your collection. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,262940,10284119,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,|$m0k!n|-4HUD-,"I was really entertained by this game and had a few chuckles, but there were times, when I was probably too tired, that I felt it was really testing my patience and dragging it's feet to much. I completed the game in little less than 15 hours and despite cutting a few lines I had heard before during trial and error, I wasn't really in a rush.Puzzle-solving Adventure games are always a little on the edge, because developers have to come up with new puzzles and find a way to balance them and incorporate them into the natural flow. Being an Old School Adventure player I found a lot of things to be quite intuitive and straightforward, but there were also a few very complicated puzzles and some that were too hard for me.BS5 have added a gentle Hint system, that you can access whenever you feel lost, that nudges you in the right way with each option until it completely spoils you with the last option, but there were times when I found the spoilage to be just as cryptic as the problem itself. Even with the solution at hand I know there are puzzles I would never have guessed at all. There were times when it was hard to resist using the Hint system, but I really recommend not using it too much, because it is a rather short game and relying on hints too much dulls your mind to the point where you are almost completely dependent on them.The game looks and sounds pretty nice in the Broken Sword 2D style and the resolution is pretty high too, but there are times when the generally nice and smooth, but sometimes too flat and bland graphics worked against the puzzle solving of the game, it simply doesn't support the needed attention to detail and there were times when I really wished there had been more controls than just the mouse to move parts of the game.The one thing this game really required of me above all else was PATIENCE! I often found myself to be quite annoyed with the slow mechanics of the game. The slow movement of the characters, the repetitious nature of problem solving like the repetition of the same walk, talk, action and 3-4 mental notes that kept popping up in boxes like bubbles in a club soda was really straining my decreasing patience a lot. Phew.I think the price of the game at $14.99 is a actually a bit too high, $9.99 would probably be too little, but I wouldn't have had any second thoughts about the worth of the game, because even though it's really a nice game the constant challenge of my patience really detracts a lot from my joy of the game, but I had a good time and in the end game there was a nice crazy turn of events and a romantic touch, that saved the day."
76561197984236627,Recommended,262940,31698845,Posted: 12 May,all,lauriepuk,"Broken sword fans only,  which I must admit I amTerrible corny story, dodgy french accents, rubbish puzzlesBut great graphics and come on its Georgy Stobbart"
,Recommended,262940,7981997,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,$t0n3y?,"It's been a long time since Broken sword dug back to its roots. It can be said, and it's also true that, the art style is hindered by the addition of 3d characters, yet it somehow works. The latest edition to the Revolution repertoire really outshines its recent predecessors and welcomes back some very familiar faces. For fans of the series, this is a must buy. For newcomers, this is a must try. You'll find yourselves delving deep into a conspiracy that scopes back thousands of years. You're a donkey, and the story is a carrot on a stick - Revolution are holding that stick, and they're not letting it go easily.With an updated interface and an addition of a 'hints' system, which is sometimes so blunt they may as well have put a blinking fluorescent 'Click Here' sign on the screen, the game has become much more accessible. The biggest downside to the game so far is its length, which is average at best. Fortunately for the fans of this game the release of a second episode will hopefully promise some much needed answers and game time.Broken Sword 5 - The Serpent's Curse - 9/10."
,Recommended,262940,11164409,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,poppelrox,"Back when the first Broken Sword game came out, I was just a kid. I remember being taken away by the cartoon-style graphics, and the mystery revolving the killer-clown and the templars. I loved that game, and I loved Broken Sword 2 as well. Then the 3D titles came, and I played them, but they never really hit the spot for me, not like the first two games did.With Broken Sword 5 - the Serpent's Curse, I feel it's safe to say that Broken Sword is back. If you loved the first two games, you will love this one as well. The humor, the gameplay and the all-around feel of the game is very similar to the way this series started.I never write reviews for a game, but this one had me experiencing nostalgia as well as gripping story, so I felt that I had to recommend this to other people. I miss the cartoon graphics of the old games, but this in no way effects my overall experience. 10/10 for fans of Broken Sword, and a most enjoyable game for all fans of point-and-click adventure games."
76561197971688969,Recommended,262940,12688439,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,aqualung99,"Had to wait a little while before the whole game was ready, but in the end I wasn't disappointed at all. The story was kind of so-so but the puzzles were good (made sense and not too difficult) and the graphics are lovely. It's a very pleasant game to play.My only complaint was, too much George and not enough Nico. But then again her accent does begin to grate so perhaps it's for the best.I hope we continue to see these sort of adventure games in the future."
,Recommended,262940,8372123,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Olemus,If you're a fan of point and click adventure games then you owe it to yourself to play this game.
76561198038625342,Not Recommended,262940,9891154,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Dash,"The story of this game is pretty much a rip off of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.  Part 1 is very enjoyable if you like Paris, but the puzzles are baby level easy.  The plot has no twists and feels like a child wrote it.  I really enjoyed the art direction and setting and even though the puzzels are baby level easy some are fun just to see what the creator came up with.  Part 2 is a mess.  The plot takes a far down turn and goes even more Last Crusade.  What annoyed me the most is they left Paris, which was one of the main reasons I bought this game.  It would have been alright if they had gone to Barcelona, but instead they just went to a random town in Catalyuna.  The puzzles in the second half are extremely hard, but that's because of bad design instead of genius puzzle making.  One puzzle requires you to know the musical score to Ave Maria, another requires you to remember the colors of a painting that you can't see, so god help you if you didn't look at the painting and memorize the colors.  The end was the most disappointing as it just felt extremely rushed, the end wasn't even a puzzle, the game basically just ends with a really bad cutscene and it's the ending of the Last Crusade.  I'd give the game 6/10, pick up if it's ever on sale for $2.50"
76561198157493998,Recommended,262940,31348391,Posted: 24 April,all,cricketer364,Broken sword doesn't have weak games they are just brilliant a class protagonist and amazing stories with brilliant puzzles. Recommend buying any broken sword game you wont be disappointed.
,Recommended,262940,18430881,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ssaraH,"Overall the game is real good and keeps you hooked.The thing I love about broken swords is there: it teaches you neat pieces of history, through traveling tales and neat characters.The puzzles weren't very nice, except the cryptographic ones.Actually there wasn't a single time that I went ""AH! So that's how!"" as I did in the previous games.In fact a lot of times things looked very far-fetched (like dropping a hammer on a guard from 5 meters above and actually hitting and knocking him out).The menus weren't as responsive as they should be.And if there was a way to make George walk faster I couldn't figure it out.So it was a bit boring at times. What kept me going on was the story.The characters weren't as charismatic as in the first 3 broken swords. But they were nice. I specially liked the weird barista guy but he didnt show up much after the first act.Come to think about it. There wasn't much interaction going on. There were a lot less different characters for each location than in the previous games (specially the first too).So all and all, I would say this was as good as the 3rd one. But still one of the best adventure games out there.I didn't find the story very compelling, but the history piece that they picked (gnostics/cathars) was really really interesting.Ty for making this game guys,"
76561198023019965,Recommended,262940,14615701,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Pablo,"Of all the kickstarter projects of 2014 this had been the one with the better outcome. The game is pretty nice, well done and polished in all general aspects, without being anything incredible it is, in the end all that it was expected from a broken sword game, and above all, everything that it's developers and charles cecil himself had promised from the very beginning. That's why this game is so satisfying: it's the closest thing to play and old adventure in the present (something that, the other devs and it's crowdfunding projects had tried with different results, not quite achieveing their original objectives, or just failing, miserably)Broken sword 5 is the second best of the series (After the first one) and that's saying a lot:*The backgrounds are hand drawn. The characters and it;s animations are not.*The music is the same style from the first two games, playing very subtetly while progressing.*The voices for the character are perfect. the voice for George, the main character, it's the same from previous games.*The story while being pretty average, it manages to capture some spark from the first installment and does service.*The places you visit during the adventure are beautifull and inspiring.As a negative point i would say the puzzle loose some logic by the end of the adventure. Personally, i had to resort to a walkthrough to be able to solve them.A pretty good  game, and after playing the other kickstarter adventure games from 2014, i would say this the best all around.UPDATE 24/03/2016:I would say that, of 2014 Sherlock Holmes Crimes & Punishments is the best adventure game , but off all kickstarter adventures Broken sword was the best ."
76561198030458873,Recommended,262940,15840485,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,lcaliari,"Good episode.Great graphics and voice acting. The story is excellent... but a little bit too ""linear"". Not a lot of choice and if you're stuck, it takes not a long time to find a solution and continue the adventure.This episode is clearly better than the 3rd and 4th.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,262940,16372717,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BMSS,"Great return of a colossus of point and click adventures, it was great to see old friends George and Nico back and sassy as ever.Definitely a pleasant surprise, from a truckload of nostalgia."
76561198012833532,Recommended,262940,21745347,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"Revolution's return to their first and second Broken Sword graphics and gameplay. It is just another Broken Sword, meaning great adventure game with two lovable main protagonists solving mysteries and crimes."
76561198028535339,Recommended,262940,31545935,Posted: 4 May,all,Rudolf [NOR],"A master class in story telling and an epic way to continue the Broken Sword saga, if the 3rd and 4th didn't work for you play this one! It's just like the original 2 games from the 90s in how they play but in a more modern art style, and it stil retains that old school point and clik fun. I highly recommend this game to anybody interested in point and clik adventure games. Exellent story, gorgeous artstyle, good jokes and an unforgettalbe adventure!"
76561198080586404,Recommended,262940,12354073,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,clongtin,Another great hit with this franchise! I love Broken Sword from A to Z.I am very glad that they brought back the point and click concept and removed the keyboard controls (found in the third game).I like this story very much. It was unexpected and refreshing.
76561198029242857,Recommended,262940,20661274,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,^1BigBossMan1978 [BE],"I remember the day when i first started playing Broken Sword on PS1 way back in the 90's.Many (too many) years have past since then but i never forgot how much i enjoyed playing those games.That's why i bought them again (Remakes etc) in order to relive all those stories again.Truth be told, aside from the 1st & 2nd the 3rd & 4th weren't as good as they used to be and nothing even came close to the first one, simply referring to the way a point & click driven story could ever keep me attached from the beginning until the very end.Luckily i can honestly say that the long awaited sequel to the first ones has arrived, and with the 5th addition the creators have made a worthy addition to the series.True fans, be sure to give it a try! :)"
,Recommended,262940,8340245,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,guy.brush,"Incredibly beautiful point'n click. Like part 1&2 of the broken sword series with handmade backgrounds and classical adventure feeling. The riddles are tricky, but never too hard. Storyline goes deep and comprehensible. I'm seriously looking forward to the prosecution. I wish there would be more ""back-to-the-roots"" titles like this one."
,Recommended,262940,8417132,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Suljack,"Fantastic point and click Adventure game, If your a fan of the series or just enjoy adventure games in general you will love this.Broken Sword 5 - The Serpents curse feels a lot more like the original Broken sword games (Smoking mirror and shadow of Templar) since its change of style back into 2D, Which for me is a good thing and not its 3D counterparts (Angel of Death & Sleeping Dragon).You don't need to have played the other games to be able to enjoy this, But once you finish this it will probably make you  want to go and play the others to pass some time while  waiting for episode 2Pros:Good story lineGreat voice actingBeautifully hand drawn backgroundsCons:Puzzles fairly easy to solveSome people wont like game being released in ""episodes"" (think walking dead)Not as good as Broken Sword 1 and 2"
76561198043124277,Recommended,262940,13696962,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,yOuRiNsPiRaTiOn85,"Another awesome adventure game from Revolution. If you enjoyed the Broken Sword series so far or at least the first two games, this one comes highly recommended.Those who aren't point and click adventure or Broken Sword fans may be turned off as this game requires patience."
,Recommended,262940,21335601,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Eslisla,+ granny with cleavage+ all women in this game look like hookers+ nice looks (the game itself)+ appearance of the medved rider- stupid jokes- too easy puzzlesOverall i give this a brachydactyly type a2 up.
,Recommended,262940,10990502,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ch00k,"✓ Started out as a Kickstarter project = success✓ Brought back Duane and Pearl Henderson✓ Traditional ""Broken Sword"" style✓ Traditional point-and-click adventure✓ Nico is sexyScore: 9/10"
76561198053378003,Recommended,262940,7982723,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,James Crimson,Simply - Revolution Software DID IT! Great Job! A real masterpiece.
76561198012585267,Recommended,262940,8031439,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Bosu,"A great plot, eagerly awaiting the upcoming conclusion."
76561197968011403,Recommended,262940,7932351,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Shiro,"Based on  the german version with 5 hours played and around 30% completed.UI:Well, let's be honest the UI (Main Menu) isn't beautiful and looks like some alpha/beta version. The ingame UI is the standard backpack inventory which should be well known to every gamer that likes point and click adventure. Sadly there seems to be no option to open the menu with a mouse click/wheel action. So you have to move your mouse to the icon on the bottom left side of the screen.When hovering over a usable object the UI will present you with the right (=only) action you can perform. In addition to that you can inspect every useable item to get a response from your active character.Voiceover:The german voice actors are really superb. George got his old voice actor and Nico got someone who almost sounds exactly the same as her usual voice actor. If I hadn't known beforehand that Nico got a new voice, I wouldn't have noticed it. The other characters got pretty good voice actors as well and those that made an appearance in a previous installment of the Broken Sword series seem to have their original voice actors as well.Graphics:The backgrounds are beautifully hand drawn and look amazing. Seeing those backgrounds with George and Nico really took me back to the old days. Sadly the animations aren't on par with the backgrounds. Don't get me wrong they aren't bad but compared to those backgrounds they just lose.Currently the supported resolution of the game is only 1280x720. But they promised to deliver a 1080HD patch.Puzzles:The puzzles so far have been good (=fun) and till now I havn't encountered an illogical one. The puzzles range from dialogue puzzles to item combination puzzles to the likes of reconstructing a destroyed message. If you're an experienced adventure gamer you'll probably have no difficulties solving those. But I still had fun and enjoyed them.Story:A painting is stolen from a gallery and during that a man is killed. Nico and George happen to be there and are trying to solve the robbery/murder. While doing so they discover that the painting has a special history and that it wasn't just a regular robbery.  During that they meet some old friends and visit different countries.Bugs:Well I havn't ecountered a real bug till now but there are some things like e.g. really hard to spot items or a big item where the mouse courser has to be at a specific spot to make it useable (like a whole blank page)  which could frustrate you. Other than that I havn't encountered anything.Conclusion:I'm loving the game but I'll be honest here and tell you that I'm a fan of the ""Broden Sword"" series. So I might be a little biased here. Revolution Software delivers a good (definetly better than 3 (ugh) and 4 but not as good as 1 and 2) sequel to the Broken Sword series and every fan should get it asap if he hasn't already. Every other adventure game fan should ask himself if graphics (UI/Animation) is really (!!!!) important to him and if so he should maybe stay away from the game. All those that value gameplay and story more shouldn't wait and get this game. With that you'll support one of those developers who still make adventure games.Warning: The second part will be released at a later date (January). If you buy the game now you'll get the second episode as soon as it becomes available. So you'll probably have to wait till then to experience the full story. On the bright side the game will be complete with the second episode and the wait isn't a long one."
,Recommended,262940,31175385,Posted: 16 April,all,@Dicky Spanish,"Started the game ages ago and got through about 40% playing on my desktop before moving on to other games and kind of forgetting about this one. Got a steam link and steam controller and was flicking through my library for controller compatible games and started this one again from the start as I had forgotten the story.Have to say laying back on the couch and playing this on my tv makes it a so much better game. Totally addicted now and halfway through the story and will have finished the rest by tomorrow, it's the kind of clicker you can just lay back and enjoy the ride, story is interesting, clues and puzzles are just hard enough to get my brain ticking and I'm really enjoying a genre I don't normally play. So much I have brought the other four to do when I finish this one. The couch and large tv just make it a much more enjoyable experience.Also the amount of times I have just paused to admire Nico in all her sexy goodness I've thought about placing lube and a box of tissues on the table next to my couch.Highly recommend for those who want something relaxing to play while laying on the couch and enjoy a good mystery story to entertain them."
76561197978757366,Recommended,262940,7919492,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,caalsigo,"I am a fan of the series and have played all the previous games, so upon finding that there was a Broken Sword 5 on the way, it became a automatic buy. And i have to say that the game has not disapointed.It remains true to the series, with several of characters from previous games making apearences, the puzzles are logical and not ridiculous as it happens with so many point and click games, very nice voice acting, and despite not playing one of the games for a long time i think that at least the main characters (george and nicole) have the same voice actors, with is a nice touch. All in all i certainly recomend this game for those that even remotly like this genre."
76561198008919420,Recommended,262940,7995929,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,♥ChaLiz♥[US],"This game never fails to amaze me. This is the game that got me into Point and click games. I played all Broken sword series and Loved it all. Its by far the best original point and click adventure game in my opinion. Great interesting Story and voice acting and puzzles. Don't need to play from BS 1 as each produce different stories. I Hope BS Angel of Death be available on steam too. Then my collection be complete. I'll keep supporting Broken Sword games in future.If you like classic P&C like Monkey Island or the modern ones like Pendulo Studios (Runaway Series),Then this one is 100% a MUST for you to play. Satisfaction Guaranteed =)"
76561198025847681,Recommended,262940,7936368,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Bosh,"Very happy to see Broken Sword back. I loved this game series as a kid. My parents bought the first game for computer when I was 8 or so. We played it together, and we had a blast. I remember being stuck on the Goat in Ireland. In the original game it was a very tricky puzzle to solve. We loved that game, so to see a modern iteration, with HD graphics and superb voice acting, it really makes me truly happy.We got the second game for PS1 one weekend, after I had injured my leg and was laid up. Once again, we loved it. Another masterpiece. The third game lost us, we couldn't get into it, and the 4th game seems so incredibly rare to buy, I didn't know it even existed until I heard about this game being the 5th in the series.I've played about 2 hours of The Serpents Curse so far, and I am really enjoying it. The humour is as sharp and witty as ever, superb voice acting by Rolf and the rest of the cast, which we shouldn't have expected it to be any less than perfect. Good to see George and Nico back in action, and its also good to see some characters coming back, like Seargent Moue and Laine. I'm sure as I progress further through the game, it will surprise me with more cameos.Its also good to see the game return to its Point and Click roots. The main reason I never played the 3rd game was because of the controls. It wasn't familiar, and so I assumed the 4th game followed the same convention.So if you're thinking about buying this game, and you enjoyed the first 2 games or even any of the game in this series, you should definitely get it. Especially while its 20% off."
76561198049109005,Recommended,262940,8020866,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,JinXx,"If like me you played the first two Broken Sword games, then this one is a must buy. Going back in 2D visuals, playing back good old Georgie and the sexy Nico in a brand new story, with the nice feeling from the origin of the franchise, sure will give you another wind of nostagia. I will just complain on easy puzzles and the straight cut at 50%, but being a fan from the first hours of the serie, there's no way i can't fall in love with this 5th episode. Good old retro point and click you'll get by now :)"
,Recommended,262940,12493766,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,MaXiM.uk,"1st episode is brilliant, 2nd is a little bit too hard and some of the puzzles dont really make much sense. Also the ending seems a bit rushed.If you do get this game make sure you tune into the radio in the wrecked car using the ID card, it's really funny."
,Recommended,262940,7937642,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Trebort,"Broken Sword is back and it's getting back to its roots.BS5 is beautiful. It's like playing through a work of art. The story is interesting and it brings everything that is great about point and click gaming back to the table.I'm really happy George and Nico are back doing what they do best. If you've not played the previous games, don't worry. You'll love this, if you have played Broken Sword before, then you'll love this latest installment.Revolution Games have really out done themselves. :D"
,Recommended,262940,7967907,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Guardian,"This game is just as good as the other in the Broken Sword series. You will follow Nico and George around Paris and other locations investigating a art theft that they witnessed.The game is very short for a experienced player. ~9 hours. And it ends just when things are getting interesting. There will most likely be another game to follow up on this great and intriguing story.In my personal opinion it's just to make more money. But then again, the game is rather cheap, so it would be better if they said from the start that it was going to be ""Episode"" based or something. Just like other games are now days. (Walking Dead game series)I hope you guy's enjoy this game as much as I did. I'm very happy that the series it's back!"
,Recommended,262940,23461356,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Proud Stream Sniper ☾☆,I love Nico... nothing else to say really....Nico 10/10
,Recommended,262940,15830948,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Yirba,"This game feels a lot like the first twoBroken Swordgames, despite the use of 3D models. In fact, it's not necessary to have played the previous games to enjoy this one, though everyone should definitely check out the entire series.As usual, the plot is gripping and filled with the bizarre sort of humour that is only possible in an adventure game. Now where'sBroken Sword 6…?"
,Recommended,262940,11203322,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Marshall Leigh,"As a long term fan of the Broken Sword series, ""Broken Sword 5 - The Serpent's Curse"" is both a lovely trip down memory lane and a mostly successful adventure in its own right.Seeing the return of George and Nico to a 2D adventure is a very welcome thing, the backgrounds are all beautiful throughout the entire game and I would look forward to each new location to see what it would look like, just as equally to continue the story. The 3D model based sprites used in the game while not a perfect fit (sometimes appearing to be out of perspective with environments or simply standing out too much) do a great job of conveying the colourful and exciting world the game inhabits. I personally would love to see a return to 2D hand animated characters, but it is obviously something that it's too expensive for a game created through kickstarter and that's understandable.The story for the most part is a success, an interesting and sometimes mysterious adventure into another hidden powerful religious artefact although at points it feels predictable and formulaic with the rest of the series, especially in the second episode which sadly to me felt a little padded and included some odd/unbelievable decision making from some characters and an ending that can sadly only be described as a bit lazy and pandering.The music as always is spectacular and brought me right back to what I loved about the series within seconds of booting up the game.Overall I would say this game is a success however and I really can't wait to see what's next for George and Nico. Hopefully a little less reliance on nostalgia but bring on Broken Sword 6! I'm ready!4/5"
76561198114799678,Recommended,262940,11812198,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,KOALA,"Since I bought this game before both ""episodes"" were made, after completing the first part, I wasn't really happy. The story looked as something already seen in the series without anything new or fun to add. Being a huge fan of Broken Sword, I was sad for this seemed a lot like Broken Sword 4 to me all over again. Not that BS4 is bad, it's just an acquired taste...The ""episode 2"" or rather, second part of the game was to be released 1 month after I finished the first one and that looked as a long wait to me. In the end it came out nearly 3 months later... At this time the game had so much negative points that I was really contemplating whether to finish it or not.After deciding to give it another go owing it to the legendary predecessors, I found that the second part was brilliant. It definately made a game mediocre at best - awesome. The story developed and the puzzles and Georges witty dialogs gave the game the atmosphere and adventure it needed.For someone who can play from start to finish without the 3 month wait, I'm sure it will be a delight. To the BS fans who didn't get the chance to play it yet, I warmly recommend it."
,Recommended,262940,9752923,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,STROGONOFY cs.money,"A very nice comeback from the classic broken sword games in content and visual aspect,I recommend it to tall the fans of this style of adventure games, and specially to the B.S games,(i haven't played the 4th of the series)but, the game seems shorter than the old ones,still, I'm waiting for the episode 2 release , but the 50% completion on the ""save game"" area makes me wonder if the 2nd episode will be as short as this one"
,Recommended,262940,11266695,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,stprodigy,"Awesome new entry in the Broken Sword series. Its up there with the first 2 games in terms of storyline, atmosphere, art style, excellent voice acting and gameplay. The game hooks you right from the first scene with the mysterious murder all the way up to the climactic ending. One thing I will say is that the puzzles in this game are somewhat easier than the those in the other games in the series, which according to your taste may be a good thing or bad thing (I personally find this to be a positive, this is the first Broken Sword game and point-and-click game where I was able to finish the whole thing without using any hints or a walkthrough). Every single scenario or puzzle in this game had a reasonable or logical solution, provided you have the patience to inspect your surroundings and items and give it some thought, which is unlike some other games in this genre which contain truly senseless puzzles that dont make any sense (hence the need for a walkthrough).If you are into point-and-click games, a fan of Broken Sword, or looking for a game that plays like an interactive movie, there is no reason why you should not pick this up. This game does what it does very well. Revolution Software are veterans in this genre and it definitely shows in the final product. 5/5 stars!"
76561198029654835,Recommended,262940,14742769,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,fabio972,"So given that the review is certainly more toward fans of the ""old "" Broken Sword ... of those with a bit of nostalgia remembers George , Nico and point and click adventuresFor these people, this is a must-have gameYou reprojects to the past with a pretty good story and a duration more than worthy ...Level of difficulty of the puzzles easy enough , except maybe a couple where you have to solve the puzzle of grammar (even if the interface of the game there are tips that allow you to solve them easily)Say for non-fans or younger people who want to know a legendary game for their parents or older siblings deserves for the relatively low price that has in the various shops ...Average duration 12 hours , more if you go very quietlyRating 75/100"
76561198004116528,Recommended,262940,11853156,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,iburpoften,"I was really excited for this now after playing through it, I feel its a mixed bag, dragged on a bit in the middle.Plays really smooth only had a couple of cliping issues in one of the rooms.Hated most of the new characters with a passion urgh.Good range of puzzels but some of them had bit of diffecultly spike compared to others but the hints system does a really good job of baby sitting you throught it. The phones could of been use more - in dark room i must something to light up, why not just use your phone to look around?"
,Recommended,262940,30626282,Posted: 19 March,all,NetWalkerBR,Great game!
,Recommended,262940,33801998,Posted: 25 July,all,Simone,"Did you enjoy Broken Sword 1 and 2?Then don't hesitate, this game is a MUST for all BROKENSWORD fans!I enjoyed it every seconds, especially the graphics, like in the old time."
76561198001258566,Recommended,262940,21178360,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,sysedit,Broken Sword 1 and this are the best parts of the series. There where some minor things that could have been improved but it was so much better than expected.
76561198076487302,Not Recommended,262940,28648738,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,StingBull,"It's the adventure game equivalent of stale bread. It doesn't do anything special, the 3D art for the characters is considerably worse looking than the 2D ones from the much older games, the animations are slow and you have to wait for every animation to complete to do anything. The whole game is slow. I'm betting if you could skip the slow♥♥♥♥♥animations the game would be about 70% shorter and the game is not that long anyway.This game was released in two parts originally and I would have been severely disappointed if I bought it in two parts since all the interesting bits happen in the first episode while the second episode is just a big wrap up. I haven't bought it in two episodes but the game's pacing is still ♥♥♥♥ed because of the episodic format. There's no feeling of good sense of beginning, middle and end here, it's all just meandering in a shallow pool until we finish.The story is garbage, of course. Well they at least tried to do something decent but the excecution is flawed. The biggest problem is the plot chooses to kill the characters once it's done with them rather than giving them a satisfying closure which is just lazy writing. Besides, it's not special anymore when people are dropping like flies. The whole nostalgia aspect can get irritating as the game presents characters from the old games one by one each getting a speacial little scene for themselves but it's just fan service, there's no substance to it. It is a kickstarter based nostalgia bait, afterall.That's all that it is, 65 percent nostalgia-bait, 30 percent okay but not good enough to write home about adventure gaming. The last 5 percent is comprised of some good ideas being wasted because budget probably.PS: The game's auto save will actually save while you are in a puzzle and the game will bug out while you are in certain puzzles. So yes, the game will auto save on a bugged out puzzle and there's nothing you can do to fix that. Perfect."
,Recommended,262940,15572987,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,wacko gecko,"It was the first Broken Sword game I've ever played. It made me curious enough to check other games in the BS series whenever I have a non-empty Steam wallet.This game has an interesting story and provides a meaningful gameplay with good 2D art. Hints are very helpful. If you enjoy playing games in this genre, you should check it out."
76561197993183677,Recommended,262940,16086173,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Zeigon,"It's a good and fun game, which I recommend. Some times, some puzzles don't make much sense, and others are very easy. All in all it's a good Broken Sword game, with a lot of research for the backstory, amazing hand-drawn backgrounds and a good amount of humour, as always.The best Broken Sword game after 1 and 2 (3 and 4 shouldn't even count)."
,Recommended,262940,12272033,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,~S.A.S~xDeathoRx,One Of The Best Broken Sword I Ever Played....I Recommend It To Every Fan Of Broken Sword
76561198115825787,Recommended,262940,7972616,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,deano.fitzsimmons,"If you aren't a fan of adventure games or pointing and clicking then this game isn't for you... are they gone now...? Good. I've  got to say I've been waiting for this game to come out for ages! And can say I am thoroughly happy with it... I don't think you have to have played the earlier games but it would certainly help as there are characters which are in it from the previous games (definitely play the first two the others BS3 and BS4 I liked, but think it lost a lot of it's charm going 3D, intoducing sneaking, etc) sufficed to say I like the move back to the hand drawn look and proper pointing and clicking. I have noticed lip syncing issues and animation clippings... and one time George did forget how to walk and started to glide across the floor, impressive maybe he was trying to moon walk (but forwards). Delays between conversations can be a bit jarring at times too.The story is good though (only half way through though it could change I doubt it, but you never know) it's typical conspiracy theory plot has been a joy to play. And I have had quite a few good chuckles at Georges and Nico's exploits. I can overlook all these weird graphic anomlies, as the voice acting is great and the graphic are really cool a really nice throw back to it's roots. Sure it could been polished a bit more but it adds to the character of the game.In adventure games the story and characters are key for me, I really like the characters and really like the story I would give it 9/10. Where it fell short were the glitches I encounted but they aren't game breaking, half mark lost for the graphical glitches and half lost for the awkward pauses in certain conversations. Get this game we need more games like this, instead of the endless BF, COD, Halo type of games, you may say... oh but this is the 5th game... don't forget this series has been going on since 1996, rant over... sorry."
,Recommended,262940,8017760,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Bestology,"I used to love these games as a child, and this one was also very entertaining to play!The graphics are fantastic for a point-and-click, with lovely artistic backgrounds.Although I enjoyed it, it did suffer the similar issues with the previous games.This includes the very blockish dialog between characters with the whole ""you go, I go"" mentality.The very annoying thing about these games, is the illogical ""really..."" moments,  which make you want to punch a baby when you figure it out.Putting those issues aside, the game was fun for the most parts, and well worth a play."
,Not Recommended,262940,8189192,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Tone Bomahawk,"Been a fan of point and clickers for as long as I can remember and been a long time fan for BS. When I saw it out for sale, I couldnt resist. We are greeted by pretty new graphics, yet familiar faces and voices with a story that seems promising.If you are new to the series then I would suggest getting the triple pack of 123 together, however, if you are familiar with the series and want intrigue adventure and fun, well, so far, BS5 has the potential to 'deliver' but right now, it doesnt. The locations you visit are few, the puzzles are easy, straight forward, almost idiot proof (prompts and hints are too readily available too), humour is few and far between, or simply not funny and you only get a few hours worth of game play.Though we are promised a new chapter early in the new year, the first part of the game simply seems like a prolouge, does that mean after the next chapter they will start charging for the follow ons as DLC?BS5 promises a lot but has delivered very little... so far... all it has done is set out a mountain of promises and I really hope it doesnt break them.If you are a die hard fan, then you will likely jump on this game regardless, however, right now it isn't complete, feels far from it, feels unengaging and plays more like a Japanese animated novel where you simply click the screen repeatedly and make a few choices now and then, with that in mind, they may as well had turned the whole broken sword franchise into an animation, at least it would have removed the 'chore/bore' from the game. There are no random choices with consequence, no alternate ways to solve puzzles.Right now I hope it gets better, I will always hold broken sword with eager eyes to 'reinvigorate' the genre again, but with games such as 'The Walking Dead' out there, there will be many people disappointed with this game.If you are a die hard fan, look into it, they may pull something out of the hat yet, but if you are new to the series, AVOID AVOID AVOID play the first and second game then maybe follow on.P.S. hurry up and get BS4 on Steam already Valve!!"
,Recommended,262940,7983551,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Phil,"If you like old-school adventure game, then this game is for you. Nice graphic and the same voices as the other games. I am happy that it works both on linux and win7. I look forward to seeing the second part. And other games like this one."
76561198034403180,Recommended,262940,8007719,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,j.krejci,"Maybe not a best in a genre, but definitely worth playing!They simply dont make those games anymore..."
76561197975607737,Recommended,262940,8021076,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Splash[NOR],"Despite the complete game hasn't been released yet, I recommend the game."
76561197972860487,Recommended,262940,8001562,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,C.Christian,been playing this series for years and this one doesnt dissapoint. wasnt to keen on 3 and 4 but at last they have made it perfect again carnt wait for ep 2!!!!!!!
76561198046488051,Recommended,262940,7977135,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,J Mac,Great game classic Broken Sword but could do with being harder
76561197993275573,Recommended,262940,8017187,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,muteki13,"As others have said, this is a true return to the style of Broken Sword 1.  The game even begins the same way and it has very much the same feel as you play it.  In fact it's almost deja vu.  The clunky 3D controls of the last two games are gone and the simple point-and-click on beautifully drawn 2D backgrounds is back.  The puzzles are similar to the old ones, but seem to be much easier than they used to be, similar to how other adventure games of today are dumbed down.  However, one thing that should be clearly stated in the game description is that this is only the first half of the game.  It does not warn you anywhere that it's only episode one.  You just get to the 50% mark in the game and the credits roll.  That...sucks.  But aside from that, it is a worthwhile game.  After the second half is released, I expect they will adjust how the games are described in the store and it won't surprise people anymore when their game stops halfway through, although you would think that even an episode would finish at 100% completion."
,Not Recommended,262940,8665847,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,paninebaluy,"Bored and a little disappointed.Graphics are good, old-style 2D cartoon is great. But this game, unfortunately, looks a bit... underdone, underthought, underdrawn. I get it, there's only so much money from the Kickstarter campaign you can use. Still, puzzles are not challenging, frequent black-screen cutscenes are annoying, dialogues are not funny and *langweilig* (thank you, German, for this very suitable word), and the plot does not really add any points to the aforesaid.I really hope it gets more interesting in future episodes."
,Recommended,262940,7988803,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Buh-(eye)-Run,"So I completed this..and loved the actors and classic story style. I am a big fan of the previous installments, but there were a few bugs at the final moments..which caused my game to crash. But I managed to find a way around that with the help of google. I'm sure they will fix the little problem. But it's safe to say that it's an inceredible point and click adventure and I can't wait for the next part."
76561198116860859,Recommended,262940,7931246,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Kiaora,Asbolutely recommend it but be prepared to wait til January for the second half :(
76561198098576251,Recommended,262940,12844077,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,kirschreich,"Finally, George and Nico are back. There’s always something special about my favourite American tourist and French journalist stumbling into conspiracies, mysteries and dangers that threaten the world if not stopped in a timely manner and “The Serpent’s Curse” is no exception. The adventure unfolds once again in Paris, City of Lights, Love, Art and Death. George, currently employed by an insurance company, and Nico, still freelancing for La Liberté, meet at the opening of an exposition at a rather small gallery which is suddenly interrupted by a gun-wielding pizza delivery boy, stealing one of the many paintings and fatally shooting the gallery owner. The hunt for the thief/murderer and the stolen painting eventually uncovers a a threat for humanity itself and leads the dynamic duo to a place of biblical mythology.There are many nods to the serie’s origins and beloved characters from other parts do – as is traditional – make rather surprising re-appearances during the course of the game and prove to be as helpful now as they were when you first encountered them. The game play is that of a classic point-and-click adventure and easy to handle, though on occasion not very exact. In the German version, which I’ve played, I noticed several translation errors, most notably the flower shop owner’s mouse over which identified her as the “intercom”. However this doesn’t affect the game play negatively at all, so I suppose there’s really no reason to complain. The game’s riddles aren’t that difficult and the new Hint System actually gives the kind of hints which enable you to solve the problems on your own rather than clicking your way through to the solution or googling a walkthrough.I love the game’s style which is as close to the original comic style as possible while giving it a modern 3D look. The music is amazing, too, and a certain flowery tune has been stuck in my head for a while now. The game has many humerous scenes and examining items or hotspots can be quite entertaining, as always when George’s (or Nico’s) opinion is requested. Of course as always, the game is well-researched and rather engaging.Unfortunately there are also a few downsides. The game is indeed rather short and I feel somehow that the – for lack of better term – ‘philosophical’ part of the storyline could have been expanded on. On precisely two instances, I had problems with the game not working properly: both times the game could either not play or exit a cut scene. This appears to be a bug that has been around for a while. It is quite annoying and I therefore advise you to save your game, and save often, as the auto-saved file is likely to give your grief in these instances.Nevertheless, if you love this genre, George & Nico and brain teasers, this game is for you. I recommend it wholeheartedly. Even if you haven’t played Broken Sword before, you will find this entertaining."
76561198085531868,Recommended,262940,12259403,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Sangrusanson,a joy to watch the story unfold. puzzles and mystery.great voicetalent and acting. lot's of cool moments.some puzzles are difficult as hell but there is a hintbutton with a gradual hintfeature to avoid stagnating the gameflow completely..a very good part in the broken sword series.loved it.
76561198079392012,Not Recommended,262940,11977040,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Dom,"As a longstanding Broken Sword fan, I had been looking forward to this game for a long time. Visually, the backgrounds are a definite return to fantastic 2D form, even if the actual characters are somewhat incongruous. Still, I will give the game the credit it deserves and say it is aesthetically very pleasing.I've always played Broken Sword, however, for the script as much as anything, and I found the humour which I'd so enoyed in earlier games sadly flat, as well as a storyline which failed to truly engage. For that reason, I wouldn't recommend the game to those with good memories of the early games (particularly if, like me, you actually enjoyed BS3 and 4). Keep your positive memories of the series and skip this game."
76561198087761363,Not Recommended,262940,13384399,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Damoisme,"I loved the original games back in the day, and this game certainly gets points for recreating the feel of those games. But nostalgia alone can't make up for the fact that there are better adventure games coming out today (the Deponia series, for example). The story is poor, the humor is forced, and the characters come off as pompous and annoying (where as before they were charming). Worst of all, the puzzles are frustrating without being challenging."
,Recommended,262940,13958682,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Don Piano,"Just ended it and was a good trip back in memories, thanks to the huge amount of quotations.The new plot is good too, as an old-school adventure through mysterious artifacts and ancient cults: not very original, but interesting.I believe that finding new subjects for this kind of games it's become harder since the ""conspiracies type"" has been exploited to the bone... So, the efforts to make an original game fitting with characters and storylines created nineteen years ago it's more than appreciable.PS= I'd like to deal with a spin-off adventure with young versions of Duane & Pearl Henderson. Just in case."
,Recommended,262940,14426817,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Parker_Halo,"I can say it's true what most people say about this game here. It's not as good as Part 1-3 BUT I still loved it.It's pretty funny, partly a bit challenging and the story is nice as usual in the broken sword games.I would recommend it for anybody who likes the broken sword games and to anybody who likes click-and-point adventures! Just don't have too high expectations then you won't be disappointed by this game!4.5/5 p"
,Recommended,262940,14263298,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,saito_logan,"Broken Sword - in my opinion, is one of the huge classic titles. The story is always fantastic, meaningful, the gameplay simple but provides a lot of fun to explore around the game and touch everything as I feel please. I've been waiting for the game ever since I heard it's coming back on iOS or Android, and finally decided to purchase this game on Steam. Worth every second and centimes playing the gamesWhy should you consider buying it?- Genuine and original story- Lots of fun jokes from the main characters- Beautiful design, using 2D classic backgrounds- Interesting puzzles, and great hinting systems in case the player got stuck- Last of all, the game has received lots of support from its long-time fans, Definitely a great gameTry it, and have fun, may you learn a lot of new things!"
,Recommended,262940,14449239,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,AngloSaxophone,Absoloutely stunning.Ive played broken sword since the PS1 days.Loved all of them. Their 2D sceneries are always the best.10/10 Story line. Very educating. Absolutely love it!
,Not Recommended,262940,10067819,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Panos Sigma,"I recommend it only for the hardcore fans of the series like myself who expected a new game for years. For everyone else who isn't struck by nostalgia I think that it's an average adventure game. The first half (episode 1) is at least mediocre, the story is so boring I forced myself to continue it, with easy puzzles, corny dialogue / jokes and hit 'n miss voice acting for most of the characters. The second half (episode 2) gets more interesting plot wise, it has more challenging puzzles and different locations to explore than the overdone good old Paris. Visually the game has beautiful hand drawn backgrounds but weird semi 3D character models which have plastic and clunky animations. Why not keep everything 2D? I dunno. Overall, it was a good fan service but nothing more."
76561197986909086,Not Recommended,262940,16842488,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Mr Beard,"Pros+ Very similiar style to first two Broken Sword games+ Good 2D graphics (for the most part)+ CheapCons- Story is stupid- Character animation is poor and very limited- Some/most characters come across as annoying- The writing is amateur-ishAs a big fan of the first two Broken Sword games, I was excited to see the series return to its roots after the last few releases. At first, I wasn't disappointed; the graphical style was spot on, and Rolf Saxon was back voicing the main character, with a similar witty approach.However, that's where the similarities ended. I started to notice a lack of variation in the character animation, and when interacting with objects, mimed with empty hands instead of holding them. The cut scenes were ok, but some of the 2D style backdrops made me feel motion sick as they 'moved' to create a sense of perspective in panning shots.Though the voice actors put in a good performance (mostly), that can't overcome the poor quality, amateur-ish script. A lot of the dialogue was clunky, and any humour felt false and out of place. The overarching story started well, but by the end was just over-the-top stupidity. The ending felt like the writer had had enough and just stuck any old crap on the end just to finish the game. Details such as how the police acted were also badly written, as if the writer didn't have the first idea of what police officers actually do. Yes, those characters were supposed to be a bit silly, but it crossed the line into ludicrousness.In short, the only thing that got me to the end of the game was my love for the original two games. Although that was clearly what the developers were going for, that is all they went for, not quality or originality, but a pastiche with many original characters stuck into the game just because they could."
76561198038316036,Not Recommended,262940,24089036,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,KeithMer,"I've played every Broken Sword game multiple times each, it is probably my favourite series to date. The second I heard this game was coming out I was so excited. However this is a very rough and a barebones game. It feels slightly rushed and lacking much depth.My First Criticism would be how easy it is. How is it easy? Well how linear it is - Yes of course all Broken Sword games have to be quite linear but this game had so few locations and choices. I must have visited the same gallery and cafe 6 or 7 times in the first 2 hours as the story kept bringing me back there instead of giving me more places around Paris to visit.In the old games I found myself visiting multiple places trying to solve the next riddle. However this game literally holds your hand the whole way. There are even moments in the game where you are brought straight to where you need to be and the character, be it Nico or George, would literally say okay I’m done here this is what I need to do next.Boring Characters – It’s great to see the old characters pop their face in but some new characters were just plain boring. I can’t even recall the detectives name I found him so boring and uninteresting. We get it, he’s incompetent but driving that same joke over and over doesn’t hold much weight.Overall I hoped for a lot more but this game just doesn’t have the depth I was hoping for. It’s quite boring at times and the characters hold little weight in the story.I would recommend it for people who want another adventure with George and Nico but for new comers I would suggest playing the older games. Disappointing but maybe this is a stepping stone for a better game and it was a bit of an experiment with Kickstarter.OHHH and what happened to the music? The old games had such great music!!!"
76561198035666071,Recommended,262940,7993393,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Jamie T,The God of Point & Click Adventure games is back!  Why haven't you got it yet?
,Recommended,262940,7980754,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Zultar,"An absolutely brilliant addition to the series. Beautiful story, locations and music - totally gripped me like a novel and if you like the original games it is every bit as good if not better! Definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,262940,7924801,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Liam BuddyGames,"If your a fan of broken sword 1 and 2 and traditional point and click adventures you will love this game, Familar style, voices and characters! but best of all, NO SILLY DRAGON! Its brilliant!"
76561198022847667,Recommended,262940,7997267,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,hayan_saleh,"ah the adventure of broken sword back again with george and nico, great job revolution studio to revive the lovely point and click adventurehighly recomended"
76561198116969972,Recommended,262940,7933005,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,djmorley1169,Ok to start off with so glad this game is back..Well with the game being new there are a few glitches where George stobbart can stand on the side of buildings as if he is floating but nothing to worry about as the game is still fun to play..The only problem I have is that it seems a bit too easy to play maybe its just me or that the second half is going to be a lot harder.. We I hope so as the first half was too easy..The game play has been first class as always.. i love the classic graphics and mixing a bit of 3D that made George and the others look more real apart from their faces that took me back to the old classic broken sword that we all loveIf you are reading this and you have not got this game yet then don't read no more and get it NOW!!!PS: Get all the other broken swords as well....
,Recommended,262940,7998479,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Bluerise,"Actually I didn't expect another Broken Sword sequel, so I was really surprised to see that game here.The screenshots were pleasing, to I bought it, played it and felt in love with it.It's a masterpiece of art and I would definitely buy it again!"
76561198089857707,Recommended,262940,7992090,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Lil Wil,"Great Game, nice they have return to its origanl still of play, simplay wonderful"
76561198000318720,Recommended,262940,7974852,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Dashole,"A great return to the claasic look and feel of the Broken Sword series. Great voice acting, script, art, humor, and production value!"
,Recommended,262940,7919067,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,heavybassX,"For people like me that first played Broken Sword when it first came out... I never thought we get a 5th game out considering how average Angel of Death was, but all of a sudden due to the wave of classic PC games being brought back to public domain known as Kickstarter, eventually we finally got the Serpent's Curse.This is just the first half of the game and whilst some of the puzzles are easy to notice because there's a hint system that helps you... the story is so interesting that it draws you in, one of the charms of the series is the ability to tell a story and keeping you interested.I'll give a final view when part 2 is out in January"
,Recommended,262940,7975338,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,|BC|directpixel,"Played 2 hours, and what a great 2 hours they were, very nostalgic. A salute back to the days of the greatest BS games, 1 and 2. Grand job and magnificent comeback from a top developer. Charles Cecil has done it again. Here's hoping he does another."
,Recommended,262940,7931967,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,[DST-L]Adam,E1 93/100
,Recommended,262940,7987314,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,R@Me0,"The best adventure game for a long time!The old school good looking game with nice and made with love gameplay. I felt like I'm back in my childhood, when the first 2 games were published! Awesome work!"
76561197999055769,Recommended,262940,7980399,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,FluffyBunny123,"Great point & click adventure. Great graphics, good voice acting, logical puzzles that generally aren't too difficult. I did notice a couple of graphics ""continuity errors"" that looked rather odd to have been missed during testing, and one time the game would consistently crash (in the flower shop) but I got around that by switching to windowed display instead of full-screen.Looking forward to part 2!"
,Recommended,262940,12492046,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Wood U. Kinelee,"Have been a fan of these games since the very first iteration, and while I was less than blown away by the third game, this one is a return to everything that made the first two so much fun to play. The hand-rendered backgrounds are here, Niko's weird accent/delivery, George Stobbart's wry, saucy quips, the mystery, the globetrotting, the puzzles that seem so ridiculously obscure only to prove insanely obvious once you figure them out (it helps that this time around you have the option to ask for hints if you get stuck), and the beauty of the world. Worth waiting for, and here's hoping it won't be the last we see of George & company."
76561198083289730,Recommended,262940,12639595,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,lex,"I had been eager to play this new Broken Sword adventure since I also played all episodes before. The games are well thought out and have a nice twist to them. As always Nico and George, our main heroes, still have this ""thing"" going on and it looks like the creators are turning up the furnace a notch regarding the possible romantic relations :)The puzzles are nice and there are also some weird achievements to score, all in all this game scores high on my best games played list, recommended if you like puzzles and a nice story line, it wont let you down..."
,Recommended,262940,32390085,Posted: 13 June,all,Mansonchild,"I haven't actually completed this one yet but am hoping to do so soon, I've enjoyed the Broken Sword series since I was really young and served as my introduction to this genre of gaming so was so excited to see Serpent's Curse released. I can honestly say it's one of the better ones of the series, thankfully heading back to its cartoon-like atmosphere rather than the weird 3D effects it used tight roped well with the Sleeping Dragon, before falling to its demise with Angel of Death.The puzzles are good, if a bit samey after a while. I found there to be far too many electronics based puzzles and not enough actual logical ones that required investigating or thinking, which is a shame. The main highlight is the actual game itself, the look of it is so gorgeous and rich that you will want to visit Paris in a heartbeat. Nico is not as hard-faced as she was in the Sleeping Dragon, however isn't the ultra-feminine 'tard that she was in Templars either. The good thing about this one as well is that there are countless favourite characters returning like Lady Piermont and Hector Laine so it offers more treats for dedicated fans of the series. The good thing about Broken Sword however is that you can literally jump in anywhere in the series and begin enjoying the game.I haven't run into any bugs or anything as of yet. Well-rounded game overall and good addition to the series! 7/10."
76561197981222508,Recommended,262940,9748625,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,reality,"exellent game! this call you back your child 's memories ^^ the old broken sword (1 and 2). the picture is very good, the actors (french version) too. and the story very passionant. with nice piece of humor ^^  the probleme is the game is divided in 2 episode. for me, the first is finished in 6hours. it's not very long. but I think the 2nd is free if you have the first so in fact is near 12h of game. it's very correct (the last runaway could be finished in 6 hours) .  it's a great game, a great come back for the broken sword ! must have =)"
76561197995700110,Recommended,262940,9779824,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Soggy,"Awesome Game, massive fan of the first two broken sword games!! Soooooo happy they took it back to 2D graphics, its the way the game was meant to be! would higly recommend!!!!!!"
76561197997485806,Recommended,262940,10286541,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Anyone,George Stobbart still have♥♥♥♥♥♥French accent.10/10
76561198063845143,Recommended,262940,14330365,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,smplguy,"I really like Broken Sword 5.  I have fond memories of 1 and 2, but after the disaster that was 3 on the xbox ... this Series had slipped off my radar.  I randomly chose to start 4 and while it was a vast improvement over 3, it still fell short of my expectations so I didn't even finish it.With almost zero expectations, I started 5 and was immediately impressed with the return to the series roots.  The gameplay is an updated mirror of the first 2 games. The animation and voice acting are excellent.  I really enjoyed this ride.  The puzzles aren't exactly easy, but they arent mind numbingly frustrating as some in this genre can be.I give it a solid 8/10 ... tho my warm fuzzy feelings may be a little more from nostalgia than reality."
76561198008101478,Recommended,262940,7936081,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,swordscope,great game!!!!!!
,Recommended,262940,7940565,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,veri bed dork suls pleer,"God, this one totally reminds me the first two Broken Sword games, which were just awesome!And while parts 3 and 4 weren't as good as the frist two, Broken Sword 5 came out pretty good.Glad to see a bunch of great characters made their comeback from the first games. Brings back the good memories :')Voice acting and music are pretty good, puzzles are much easier compared to their counterparts from BS 1\2, but are still enjoyable.Gotta wait for the second part <3"
76561198060017349,Recommended,262940,8202866,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,chriscool2k,Broken Sword is a great franchise and the first part of a 2 part broken sword 5 didnt disapoint. cant wait for the 2nd part.
,Recommended,262940,8062324,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,RabidNinja,"I recomend playing this , its back to the old school broken sword none of this 3d bull♥♥♥♥♥♥, takes me back years awesome game ."
76561198016294393,Recommended,262940,8418802,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ETS05,"If you enjoyed Broken Sword 1 and 2, with its old school 2D point 'n click style, Broken Sword 5 definitely goes back there, with some of old characters coming back into the series. Definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,262940,8423085,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Malfious,"This game brings back lots of good memories, has a couple of characters from the previous games. Has some good humour like the originals.One of the best Point & Click adventure games around in my opinion. You owe it to yourself to play the first two (let's forget about 3 & 4).Has a few puzzles that kept me thinking for a while, nothing will ever beat the goat sequence in the first game though.A whole new world!"
,Recommended,262940,8419811,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,thillster,Definitely feels like old school Broken Sword/Circle of Blood adventures.  I can't wait for the second half.
,Recommended,262940,8616423,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,johnbenston,"Part 2 is now out so I am recreating my review of the game.The game is a point and click adventure like the first two games so do not be fooled by the name ""Broken Sword"" there is nothing involving slaying monsters.  To those of you who have not played any Broken Sword games I would recommend you play the first two or three that are also available here on steam, although not required the game makes references and jokes that refer to previous games and will make the overall game much more enjoyable.For those of you who worry about the game being of the same quality as the fourth installment do not let that alone stop you from buying the game.  Broken Sword 5 does a wonderful job of mixing the classic 2d elements of the first two games and bringing in fresh new models for characters.  The game also goes back to the roots with its dialogue, the game is nicely written with excellent full voice acting.  Although not my favorite soundtrack for Broken Sword games all the fresh soundtracks are still solid, and I was excited to see a few of the soundtracks were recycled.  They even have an option for the option between new or old style dialogue bubbles, they successfully made a game that uses fresh ideas and still has that classic feel to it.  For those of you who are fans the game in many cases lives up and brings back the classic gameplay which has been missed for so long.Although I loved the game I do have a few things I was dissapointed in.  I felt like although the game was very well written that it wasn't as well written as the first two games, maybe that is me just having a bias towards the first two games.  The game has many references to the previous installments, though I admit a lot were pretty funny sometimes there were just to many references so close to each other that it kind of took the feel that it was its own game away at times.  Some of the puzzles did not live up to my expectations.  The game for me was easier than the previous games but that was not my real problem, my problem was that some of the puzzles would involve luck if attempted in real life, I do not want to spoil anything so I will not use an example but it in a way took away from the game for me.  Most of the characters were very enjoyable but I did not like Inspector Navet, I thought he was just a silly character that just did not seem to fit in the series in my oppinion.  Lastly I would have liked to see an option to use classic style characters, although I enjoyed the new character designs it would have been nice to see the old style, yes I understand it would be hard and yes I know it would take more space I am just being honest on what I would like to have seen.  I really enjoyed this game and if you went through all of my review you noticed that my complaints were pretty minor as I didn't find anything really fundamentally wrong with the game and had to dig pretty deep to find negatives but most of them are from comparisons to the previous games instead of the game as a stand alone.8/10"
76561198074014393,Recommended,262940,8055187,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,skif,"Hey-hey, Broken Sword is back. This part is really nice one. I'm think that puzzles should be harder, but it's just my opinion. Nice to see Nico and George pair Back in a Bussiness. This game is worth each cent that you spend."
76561198078847765,Recommended,262940,8124727,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,o'madlik,"Broken Sword 5 could bring more, such a dark story, but in these days it's a gem of adventure games anyway."
,Recommended,262940,8567788,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,zoroapple,I'm always a big fan of Point & Click Adventure Game. And i also remember play the first broken sword was an awesome experience. so without a doubt i'm looking forward to this game when they announced it. If you a fan of point & click adventure game. Buy This!! Great Story as always.
,Recommended,262940,7915121,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,IoG,Классика
76561198036410839,Recommended,262940,7939324,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Meno T,"I would recommend this game to anyone that enjoys classic point and click. That being said even though I didn't feel like I rushed it, I still finished it off a little too quickly, even with hints turned off.From playing the earlier Broken Swords I can't help but think that either they had more content or the puzzles were just harder. Quite often the game restricts where you can travel as a way of helping you progress. I understand that it’s not fun to travel all around the map looking for that item you need to progress. I do think though there is a balance between puzzle difficulty and trying to prevent players getting bored. BS5 seems to be too far on the side of trying to stop you getting bored, perhaps a  difficulty system would have been a good idea."
,Recommended,262940,7922735,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,lucky_hit,I was waiting for it about 1 year. I'm very happy that it has happened and now I'm starting to discover this wonderful world for me. Suddenly there's nothing about Russian language and Steam's achievments.
76561198067475508,Recommended,262940,7955263,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Rikshand00,Don't rely on the system requirements. My laptop is better than the requirements that are shown but you need a HD graphics card. I've wasted my money :\. Thanks for the BS steam. Not happy
,Recommended,262940,8189476,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,OBookman,"Finally Revolution has went back to its basics and gave up the 3D gameplay, Broken Sword 3-4 were disasters in my book. I loved the game and I felt the things I felt once again after all those years after I played BS1"
,Recommended,262940,8640441,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,RoboGlitch,"For those of you who have grown up with the Broken Sword franchise, this game delivers to the original games dynamics. Gone are the 3D worlds and characters of Broken Sword 4 which unfortunately did not live up to its predecesors, this game goes back to it's original roots with 2D graphics but much more vibrant colour pallette. The game can suffer for some puzzles which were intended to be hard to solve but were more of an annoyance than anything else, however the story is just as unique and egaging as any other Broken Sword game and hopefully the second chapter to this two part series delivers the same the with more involving and challenging puzzles."
,Recommended,262940,8668941,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,tuoppi,Anyone who likes old school point and click adventures should get this game.
,Recommended,262940,7960945,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Original,"FInally, a sequel worthy of the original."
,Recommended,262940,8665097,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Silv3R,"I played all the other titles in my childhood and I was hooked as soon as I saw the title. One o the best adventure games that I have played, with great characters and good voice acting. Event though in the first Broken Sword I was getting stuck alot because some actions become available after some key dialogs (not common in the Monkey Island era), I began to love the style.Lovely artwork and characters,Definetly recommend."
,Recommended,262940,8742728,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,tamaarin,"Buy it if you were a fan of the first two games, and want to indulge your nostalgia. Yes compared to the BS1&2 puzzles are simplified, but story and dialogues are solid, so you won't get bored. The pacing is also good, never feels rushed, nor does it seem to drag. Definitely worth the money."
76561198082399466,Recommended,262940,7950524,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Sir Sapphire,"LAST PART FINALLY OUT!! When i first played this series it was by accident, i just found it on my Nintendo DS and i just loved it!The first game, i played it on my DS, the second and third on my PC , i can't find the fourth :'( and this is the lost one! I love it, the two protagonists are back,Nicole(Nico) and George, a parisian reporter and a californian dude that just met by accident at a crime scene in the first game and went on all kind of adventures to find clues, places and knowabouts the criminals and they kinda fell in love (they kissed at the end) but they just call in ""friends"" (i think they're more than that ;) ) and now i'm playing the last episode(episode 5) and everything is just as good as before,even better. The cartoony graphics of Paris and the voices are just perfect and they go together just as perfect. if you ask me i give this game and series a 10/10 for being my favourite point&click adventure game of all time, by all it has to offer, the puzzles not being that kind of puzzles that are impossible to solve, and if you get stuck you have infinite very useful hints that get you out of trouble. I love this game and series and even tough this is supposed to be the last game i hope there's more to come and as i said i give this game 10/10, worth every coin!"
76561197986475240,Recommended,262940,7952348,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,MattC455,"I feel like i've waited a long time for this and it doesn't disappoint.  The storyline and humour are, once again, top notch and the graphic styling balance is just right; not over-the-top or detracting away from the game.  This is a must for any fan of point-and-click adventure by one of the best developers in this field."
76561197970822321,Recommended,262940,8158194,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,The Tim,"This is a very excellent half (or so) of a game. The fact that it ends at what isn't quite the climax, leaving the need for, rather than room for, a sequel, is why I say it's half of a game, but a good half it is. Great voice acting, story pacing, puzzles, and a novel approach to bringing the original art style in line with modern graphics makes me want to play another 7 or more hours of this game, even though it's over too soon."
76561197982259597,Recommended,262940,8320682,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sir Nookem,"fantastic game, took me right back to the old games, cant wait for part two, might have to reply the old games while i wait for part two now, :)"
76561197970600493,Recommended,262940,8610217,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,jAMF,"Awesome, all you come to expect from a Broken Sword Game"
76561198003370029,Recommended,262940,8624543,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,joeyrepro,exactly like you imagined
76561198012901186,Recommended,262940,8352479,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Leylia,"A brilliantly well rounded point and click adventure, harking back to what was awesome about this genre back in the day. Broken sword fans will not be dissapointed, looking foward to part 2!"
,Recommended,262940,7941605,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,OMGAvrilLavigne,Brilliant. insta buy.
,Recommended,262940,7948888,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,SanTheMightiest,Back to 2D and painted backgrounds. A great addition to the series
76561198034582159,Recommended,262940,17776476,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Sleeper,"This is my first broken Sword game. Highly recommend if you enjoy old school adventure games with challenging but practical puzzles. Great voice acting and okayish artstyle but too static backgrounds and scenary, could improve  substantially in the future since I'm comparing to Gabriel Knight HD remake.  Story on par if not better than I expected.  Overall 7/10"
76561198162836842,Recommended,262940,22719459,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,License Expired,Buy them all the Broken Sword games herehttp://revolution.co.uk/games/
76561198080938040,Recommended,262940,29932695,Posted: 14 February,all,TOMOUHEAD,"It's an ""OK"" game. Better than BS 4 but still not that imersive game like BS 1 and 2 were way back then...The story is pretty straightforward (and not that addictive as it should be in this kind of game) and the puzzles are somewhat medium difficult.I still recommend it but only if you're a Broken Sword Fan..."
76561198280368622,Recommended,262940,22082580,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,dandmburl,"Loved this game and was sad when it finished. It started slowly but the last 20%, especially the graphics, was particularly brilliant. Just enough likability and silly humour quips injected between Nico and George. You get them to solve individual mysteries in many different areas with easy access to a map to jump from place to place.As a point and click player I enjoyed every minute of playing this game. Didn't need a walkthrough so I loved the hints feature although I didn't always need to use them. If you want an engrossing relaxing adventure game buy this one.I played Broken Sword 1 and 2. Skipped the next two, ( BS 3 and 4) because I like prefer mouse only games. But Broken Sword 5 is easilly the best of the series yet in my opinion.Only tiny negative was some of the dialogue went on too long but there again easilly resolved by clicking to skip through it quickly. All in all it's a thumbs up from me."
76561198050348874,Recommended,262940,22576224,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,KLSargent,Great game.  I started the series completing this game first.  I later went back and purchased 1 - 4 and enjoyed them just the same :)
,Recommended,262940,24781055,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,racoonhunter66,Brilliant game for any Broken Sword fan
76561197999165027,Recommended,262940,27996843,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ghastkill,"Perfect addition to the series, looks fantastic, great humour, challenging ( but not overly so ) puzzels and some friendly familler faces."
,Recommended,262940,23351706,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,snugglor,"Jeez, Nico, how about YOU come up with some ideas for once?"
,Recommended,262940,23109208,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Shyhalu,"Great addition to the series, had quite a few laughs playing it.Its not without its problems though.  Some obtuse puzzles, lame humor, stiff animations, and a tad bit of sloppiness cna be found throughout the game.The end also felt a bit rushed and anticlimatic.Other than that, it was great to play through."
76561198029078016,Recommended,262940,27137310,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bledsin1,"Interesting story with nice riddles.If you know the Broken Sword game seriesand played all parts before, this game is a must-have.Some Achievements are difficult to get,I had to play the whole game again to get them.Without guides I would never get that achievements,so I had to play tha game in the second walkthroughalways with an eye on the game guides.For example the achievement ""Best buddies"".Because of that goat related achievement I place my nomination for best farm animal in a gameon Broken Sword 5."
,Recommended,262940,29217891,Posted: 12 January,all,SecretDeity,"Broken Sword 5 is a true masterpiece, the best game from all 5 ""episodes"" and the best way to close the series. The devs combined the retro way of the point and click old games along with the awesome 3D characters and movement, added a very well written story, away from the Templars and delivered a game which is 1000 times better than BS 4 could ever be!10/10 Storyline10/10 Gameplay experience10/10 Awesome and fun-to-solve puzzlesOne of the best games I have played in a long time!"
,Recommended,262940,29257510,Posted: 14 January,all,costastg,"True to the feeling of BS and close to the first-second ones. However it is still pretty linear, the fact that it was released in 2 parts creates sort-of 2 stories, and the role of Nicko in the game feels redundant . The end of the story seems sloppy and hasty, however the rest of the story is intriguing. Puzzles are quite easy while the 2 last puzzles are at a satisfactory medium-level difficulty. The existnce of Hints completely breaks motivation and its addittion to the game seems wrong. Overall a nice game, nice story, beautiful art, classic BS style. It has several issues but definitely not the worst game of the series."
,Recommended,262940,29288005,Posted: 15 January,all,Mileena,Another beautiful game and a very positive experience in the Broken Sword universe. I totally recommend this game for everyone who loves adventure games. I also recommend buying and playing the older Broken Sword games if you haven't done so already.
76561198082635957,Recommended,262940,29657969,Posted: 2 February,all,berry1212,"What can I say about a franchise I hold dear to my heart. 1 and 2 are my favourites and I wished they kept the art style and point and click for 3 and 4 but they moved on to 3D which didn't truly suit this type of game. But 5 really brought back the feel of Broken Sword, not sure it tops 2 but it's close. There is 1 puzzle which i honestly just could not get my head around it and most people won't which is ashame, they need to add more puzzles which are more logic or common sense than some of there more biazzare one's."
76561197988512156,Recommended,262940,29782268,Posted: 8 February,all,Frizx83,Finally an adventure game like the good old one.
,Recommended,262940,30066905,Posted: 20 February,all,KingWeir,"If your a fan of the Broken Sword series, then of course play this game!If not? Then in this gaming market where something like 90% of games are shooters of some sort and the other 10% is racers. Then its really a nice change of pace to go back to an old school point and click. It's more relaxed but thats not to say its not fun or challenging, in fact there was a couple of puzzles I admit I had to look up. However its not the best of the series, lets be honest how often is the sequel better than the original? There is some rather dumb points, such as picking up the possible murder weapon?! But don't let this put you off, its still an enjoyable game with a lot of nods to the original game, which you don't need to have played to enjoy this but personally I would really recommend giving that game a go, I ended up buying again, for my phone, its got some extended moments and was really great to relive a childhood favourite game."
76561198027358747,Recommended,262940,24359531,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,RamsesIII,"Not as good as the first game (especially the remake), though I think it is a bit better than Broken Sword 2.The quality varied quite a bit throughout, and the slight pauses before animations/speech was a little annoying.Overall, I think it was pretty good."
76561198011764960,Recommended,262940,29500000,Posted: 26 January,all,Camolon,great story and characters.
76561197992470241,Recommended,262940,8510218,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,naranjo.manuel,"Just like the old masterpieces of Broken Sword 1 and 2, it felt a little short, waiting for the second part!"
76561198107059572,Recommended,262940,8468128,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,TheBriterican,"This game is the soul of all point-and-click adventures. An engrossing story, witty dialogue, hard puzzles. It's not a game you will regret buying. The first time I played a Broken Sword game I was instantly captivated. The Serpent's Curse takes everything that you love about Broken Sword games and adds to it in every way. Love the series love the game."
,Recommended,262940,8512993,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SirTobyGirl,"Yes, Broken Sword is back!Firstly this game is around 12+ hours long if you're pretty good at the old Point'n nd Click'n genre that's around the time you'll finish it, obviously with it being a puzzle game it could vary.oh and if you are worried about not playing any of the previous 4 games, the story lines for each are seporate so no worries there.The voice work is fantastic and the story is pretty gripping, my own issue is that balance between nugging you towards the answer and spelling it out with some puzzles.They have recently introduced Achievements, which stinks if you have finished part 1 allready.There seems to be some mega hard achievements in this, requiring random item combiniations. I think it could be months before they are all foundAnyway, Die hard BS fans will jump at this, new comers should maybe play the first 2 as they are cheaper and similar experiances."
,Recommended,262940,8522828,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Major Schneider,One of the best point-and-click sagas returns and doesn't disappoint.
76561198022534394,Recommended,262940,8647205,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,anthonycarl51,fully recommend A++++++++++++++++++++++++++
,Recommended,262940,8730263,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Weedy,"Anyone that loved the old Broken Sword will fall in love with this one, beautifully designed, amazing voice acting and animations, and totally well written. It's full of awesomeness."
76561198037461108,Recommended,262940,8760905,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,crchan23,"I just finished the first episode.  It is actually quite lengthy and served as a nice introduction to the main plot.  With episodic games, there is a tendency to wait until all the episodes are out before making a purchase.  While I understand the ""binge"" consumption model (especially for tv shows), I don't think that's necessary in this case.  I felt this episode provided enough depth on its own to leave me satisfied by the end.  I'm looking forward to the next one."
76561198007075700,Recommended,262940,10158265,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,NatsuGG,Like it :) Very nice!
,Recommended,262940,10158596,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Stylus,"Not sure why so many people hate on this instalment. This makes up for the trainwreck that is Angel of Death many times over; could go on and on about that tripe. I have few criticisms about this one and so many good things to say:The long-missed composer from the first game is back, all the characters are distinctive and have something to like about them, the artwork is the best i've seen in a point and click, the plot is the most interesting since the first game, the difficulty was just right and the puzzles were mostly intuitive.If I had to criticize, I'd say that the 3D models looked out of place a good bit of the time and a couple of puzzles went a bit too far."
,Recommended,262940,8488167,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,sallydenning,Can't wait for the second part
76561198057375191,Recommended,262940,8521172,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,williewdc,where is the rest of the game very disappointed it was not the complete game when will the rest of it be released
,Recommended,262940,10609956,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,GeekGirlBookWorm,George and Nico are back in a game that is much remanisant of the orginal two. I like to ignore games 3 and 4 as much as possible and so it is a welcme relief to play a game that is true to the games origins.Having grown up in the late 80s and early 90s point and click adventures stay close to my heart and this game does not fail to live up to the memories of old. If you are looking for a fun puzzle adventure then look no further. If you have never played the originals (shame on you!) then this game is as good as a stand-alone as it is as part of the francise.
76561198005882184,Recommended,262940,12017615,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Medi,"Broken Sword 5 is finally back on par with 1 and 2, the story is as always amazing and am glad to see they have gone back to the point and click format. Graphics and artwork look great, and you'll be happy to see a few old faces.Very highly recommended"
76561198143651357,Recommended,262940,12158966,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,samuelmace,Great game as usual even if the first part can be a little bit dull at times.Difficult enough to be worth playing and very nice graphics.Some acting (like Nico) is not so good however which makes it annoying sometimes.
76561197972470324,Recommended,262940,13020250,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,kasper,"This ended up being a fantastic Broken Sword game. Definitely a worthy entry in an already great series!I felt that the first episode (first half of the game) was a bit too heavy on dialog and cutscenes, with too few puzzles and objects to find. At times I was almost wondering if the game would ever let me actually *play* it, instead of just watching it. But the second half was pretty much spot on! Lots of exciting locations with challenging puzzles. Truely made me feel like an adventurer on a treasure hunt :)Overall very much recommended for fans of point-and-click adventure games!"
76561198006877168,Recommended,262940,10934892,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rhiakath Flanders,"Very nice point and clock adventure.Great cel-shaded graphics,  very nice story. Lots of easter eggs.It's puzzles will get you scratching your head.I finished it without having played any of the other Broken Sword games, so you can still have fun."
,Recommended,262940,11866692,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,martha.jane,"I love the broken sword series and this game didn't disappoint! i always play the games with my mum which is nice bc the game can go at your own pace. i still prefer the old art style though,im not a fan of the 3d animation. felt a little short too 8/10"
,Recommended,262940,13020315,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Thamior Silberdrache,"Broken Sword 5 is a classic old-school point&click adventure. It is the 5th part of a series with ups and downs and it is definitly not one of the downs.Obviously some people learned their lesson after Broken sword 3 which always seemed like a very weak action adventure in some parts but still had a decent story and Broken Sword 4 which was clearly one of the worst adventure games I ever played. Broken Sword 5 is obviously ""back to the roots"". No more crate puzzles, no more running aroud using your keyboard with messed up controls to escape someone you can't even see properly because of the bad camera position... Just simple and plain point&click!The story is clearly told and makes some sense (to be honest I didn't understand all the twists of Broken Sword 4 and it had some logical flaws, so this is a point I realy appreciated) although of course it has some mystical components (this is a Broken Sword game, after all).You will meet some old faces, of course. I don't think I will spoil all too much if I say that Pearl and Douane have their appereance and, other than Douanes appereance in Broken Sword 4, this appereance isn't utterly nonesense.The graphics are beautiful. The music is good enough. The german dialogues were mostly well translated.Any cons?Well, the solutions to some of the puzzles are a little bit stupid. And I hated the one music puzzle. But fortunately, they re-inserted the hint function which gives cummulative hints until you get the solution, so you won't ever need to watch a walkthrough and spoil your fun (because most people will rely on a walktrough once they have googled it).Recommendation? Yes!"
,Recommended,262940,10516141,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,perry,"Good adventure game. I have played all Broken Sword games, but 2D suits this game the best. This part has not the quality of first one, but it is as good as second adventure of George and Nicco. What disappointed me a bit, was the end, that was quite a bit in a hurry. At the end, nice 80%"
76561198008516463,Recommended,262940,11593205,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,[GC] Whoops1337,"Good game, glad to see it went back to its roots with the whole point and click rather than third person however a bit disappointing it was so easy... there was only really 2 hard puzzles and that was probably bad judgement on my part!! Good game but needs to be a bit longer or stronger problem solving!."
,Recommended,262940,11689239,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Grove,Taped my sausage to a goat. 10/10
,Recommended,262940,10948807,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,antonyfrn,"Great game brought back memorys of playing the orginals when they first came out very true to the series so far would love to see the first three remade in the engine used with updated art,Now the downside i just completed the game the end of the secound half it seems as if the image quality of the graphics dropped drasticly and felt very rushed.Still nice story left it very open"
,Recommended,262940,11586108,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Karki,"Could've probably been a bit longer, but the game lived up to my expectations and I had lots of fun playing it - therefore recommended."
76561198025845425,Recommended,262940,12447857,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Leenu,"A welcome return to the original Broken Sword games, the Serpent's Curse looks and sounds absolutely beautiful. Highly recommended, a pleasure to play."
,Recommended,262940,12959219,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,LawBringer,Decent adventure game with zero Dragon's Lair-type scenes (like one of the earlier Broken Swords). Storyline was quite intriguing and I actually went to see if the painting was real :) The history portion is fascinating in a Dan Brown way.
76561198025105337,Recommended,262940,13872733,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,jancomjp,Great game that brings you back in time where point and click adventure games were very popular in PC gaming. But also bring some style freshness that makes this genre more appealing these days.
,Recommended,262940,14304420,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,GodFather,This is a classic 90's point and click adventure game. It brings back good nostalgic feelings but at the same time leaves you a bit frustrated with some of the silly puzzle solving from that era. I enjoyed the game but in the end felt the stroryline wasnt nearly as compelling as the previous Broken Sword games. If your looking for an old school point and click adventure this game is for you.
76561198064741884,Recommended,262940,14403129,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Jessicana,Nice addition if you're a fan of the previous installments. Voice acting changed though?
76561198031087106,Recommended,262940,13371204,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,k2nsl3r,"The first Broken Sword and its first sequel remain among my favourite point-and-click adventure games. (Remember to check the Director's Cut versions of those games!) #3 and #4 changed the art style (to 3D) and lost some of the magic in the process, although those aren't bad games either. After that, it took a long, long time for the fifth game (back to gorgeous 2D) to come out. Based on the middling reviews, I wasn't expecting much. Luckily I was pleasantly surprised.The new 2D art is beautiful. More importantly, the opening scenes in Paris re-capture the atmosphere of the early games. The characters - George and Nico et al - remain the same, love'em or hate'em.The game feels stuck in the past. That is not ENTIRELY a bad thing. However, it means that the interface is clunky; inventory is messy; puzzles can be obtuse; there's even a goat puzzle involved (!). Luckily there's a VERY useful hint system incorporated. Whenever I got stuck (every 30 minutes or so), all I had to do was to click the ""hint"" button.If you don't like old-school adventure games, this game is probably not for you. If you have no prior experience with the series, many of the inside references and jokes will be lost on you. And you should really start with the first game. That one's a better game. But this one FEELS right, like an authentic Broken Sword game - even down to replicating the flaws and quirks of the original. For nostalgic fans of the series, especially of the first two games, this one is a worthy sequel.Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,262940,13450771,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Lodinn,"Even bsides I appear to be a great fan of the whole real-life historic background to this one, and the game might seem cliched, it still has amazed me.And yay, don't forget goats are all around for you to pet 'em!"
76561197990204173,Recommended,262940,13805405,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Takworld,"Back to their infamous & beloving Broken Sword StyleAs the others already mentioned, Broken Sword went back to basics and Revolution Studios could again convience me with theirTintinstyle e.g. beautiful drawings, adventurous story telling and visiting various locations. When you liked the first and second part of this series,  you will be less likely disappointed with this one."
76561197988076357,Recommended,262940,13847665,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Kas,"Incredible, long and nearly that 2d that we loved105/100"
,Recommended,262940,13886741,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,thameslink,It's a return to the old school - little bit to easy ... slightly strecthed thin but a solid couple of nights interactive fiction.If you like 1&2 you'll like this.
76561198020236023,Recommended,262940,14399931,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Siandona,Nice addition to the existing canon. Perhaps a little simpler than the others.
,Recommended,262940,14434085,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,mindofmike,Good graphics and animation with decent puzzles and a good story to back it up. A worthy addition to the Broken Sword series.
76561198076862134,Recommended,262940,13760332,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,PonchoLatour,"What can I say? I replayed the first two BS not long ago in a thrust of nostalgia and I couldn't resist being seduced by the look of BS 5. No disappointment here, it has been like a trip back to my early teens when playing such adventure games (BS, Longest Journey, Monkey Island...) were like truly transporting yourself into a parallel world for a few hours. And you never wanted it to end...Nicely rendered characters in gorgeous 2D frames, long-lost witty dialogues found again, reasonably difficult puzzles and chains of choices to achieve certain objectives... I cannot recommed playing BS 5 enough to any ""stick-in-the-mud"" gamer out there; but I especially recommend it to those who didn't grow up with the compelling magic of early computer games. They ought to know what they missed!Nailed it Charles! Glad this Kickstarter's made it through!"
,Recommended,262940,13374616,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Chimpanreeve,Fantastic game. As a lover of all 4 of the others this one really hits the spot. 10/10 would goat again
,Recommended,262940,13749471,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Yisela,"I am a fan of the original series, and in a way this game brings me back to them... but I have one huge issue with it: it's terribly SLOW. The dialogues, the never-ending walking, it really demotivates me to keep playing. I'm not sure if this was done on purpose to elongate the game a little more, but it makes for a tiresome experience. Having said that, it's nice to see a traditional graphic adventure. It just needed one or two more tweaks."
76561198010438653,Recommended,262940,8371453,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Jackiekins82,"I just finished playing this game Part 1.. I quite enjoyed it, however more puzzles would've have been good.. At certain points in the game I felt I needed more of a challenge but regardless it was good to keep the momentum going throughout the adventure.. I liked the fact that there was no glitches in the audio and the visual side of the game was impressive as well.. I would recommend it to BS fans or mystery gamers as well.. I'm definitely looking forward to the next part in this adventure.."
76561198024972953,Recommended,262940,8652938,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Fulci Zombie,"Continuing the tradition of Broken Sword, this first of two episodes doesn't disappoint. It's as if time stood still and you're still in the 90s, only with 21st century technological advancements! All of the charm, wit, humor, storyline, voice acting, and attention to detail is still there!! Pretty remarkable because most devs ruin classic franchises like this. Rolf Saxon hasn't lost a single step (to the contrary, only gained a few), his voice acting is top notch with his signature delivery and clever comical inflections. Emma Tate's Nico is wonderful, the character is true to form and hasn't lost a bit of appeal.While the story is excellent, compelling, and altogether engaging, the return to 2D is exactly what was needed to move the series further. You will notice unbelieveably fluid, life-like, and beautiful character animations. It's something I have never seen in any adventure game and I play a lot. So what you have in the end is a beautiful 2D game combined with animations forged in the 3D gaming world. Really slick.I can't recommend this game enough.Looking forward to Part 2!"
76561198193618757,Recommended,262940,31982675,Posted: 26 May,all,miximka,"Beautiful game, stunning illustrations, good story."
76561198105510856,Recommended,262940,30879092,Posted: 1 April,all,ag.news.spec,Another great story! Hopefully we'll get another one soon!
76561198021051885,Recommended,262940,16265733,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,dan_schertz,love it
76561198031204251,Recommended,262940,17365137,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,deblon,great game time spender
,Recommended,262940,17369064,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Stephen Easley-Walsh,A great game to play :) back to basics
76561197971271650,Not Recommended,262940,7970107,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Kitvek,"1st half: Puzzles are far too easy.  Nostalgia is the main attraction for me here and would not recommend this to anybody who is brand new to the Broken Sword series as there are much better point & click puzzle games out there such as Grim Fandango or Dreamfall: The Longest Journey.  Was a nice walk down memory lane and looking forward to the 2nd half.2nd half:  With the exception of a damn near unsolvable convoulted puzzle to translate a text the puzzels are again by in large so simple they'll make your eyes roll.This is just an other sample in a growing trend of cash grabs using nostalgia to hoodwink customers.  As for me, this is the last game I will ever pre-purchase.  First Brink, then Dead Island and now this.  It's time I gave my bank account and eye-rolling a break, and learn my lesson.Avoid.  Far better point & click puzzle games out there."
76561197971611335,Not Recommended,262940,9843622,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,magistrat,"Well.. I could write a long review. Describing how far away the known characters are from their counterparts in the first game, how far fetched several plot elements are... and so on and so forth - but I can summarise it with just one word: boring."
,Not Recommended,262940,11631299,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,slastyonysh,"Nice idea to create detective quest. But the story is awful. It is full of stereotypes: silly policemen, french waiter-revolutionary bent on revolution and philosophy. And of course the ""cranberry"": Evil Russian Bear who looks like Putin and befriends evil colonel Gaddafi, reads ""War and Peace"", has medals for his service in Chechnya, smokes cigars ""Romanovs"" and even has a bush trimmed as the emblem the Russian Federation. I will not surprise if he drinks vodka with his pet brown bear, plays on balalaika and wears ushanka when he runs his own nuclear reactor in cellar.If creators collects so much stereotypes about Russia in one place they should learn Russian alphabet better. The typewriter's keyboard is very strange at least.One more big minus: the game is too simple. You do not have to think. This game can be exciting only for 7 years old child or for mentally challenged people.But if you want to play without thinking and Zooma already bothered then you can try this game."
,Not Recommended,262940,18362212,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Epicje,"I'm finding it very hard to give this a recommendation, yet also feel rather bad for giving it the thumbs down.It starts off as a great return to the old classics that were 1 and 2. The atmosphere is great, it's visually pleasing to look at and the voice acting is really well done. The puzzles are, at the start at least, well done and requires quite a bit of 'out of the box' thinking.Old characters return, which is always nice, but some are just there to be there and be even more ridiculous than before.And here comes the part... Later in the game, it doesn't just require the player to think outside the box, it actually gets down to, should I say, ridiculous puzzle solving. Trying not to spoil too much, I managed just fine on my own with the game, until there was a puzzle that just made absolutely no sense (to me) in any way. I thought that was fine, but then came another one and... Dare I say, even another one. Sure, not all puzzles are meant to be easy, but I found these to be a bit too over complicated, as if the developer thought they were clever.Another gripe I have is that the voice acting of minor characters is off. A french person with an american accent or a rather obnoxious actor trying to imitate spanish. A pet peeve because it started off so well, then this happened.When acting with a certain object, it sometimes doesn't even change to be interactive until the playe has looked at or interacted with something else. At the start, it's very minor, but later, it became a bugbear.Then the typo's, there are so many in this game that it became bothersome.Then there's the pacing. There's no quick walk or sprinting at all, nor double click to skip to next scene. Everything is very slowly paced and even the dialogue sometimes waits for several seconds to actually start. It drags the game out so long for no good reason.And it's a shame, because the first half of the game is really damn good. After that, it starts to become a drag. I wanted to get on with the game, but it wouldn't let me. Throw in some obnoxious puzzles, have backwards logic, like not being able to interact with something when it made sense and that's pretty much Broken Sword 5.I would commend it for being rather true to what it started out to be in the past though, but I simply can't recommend it like this. There are many point and click adventures out there that make more sense while having puzzles that work outside the box (Book of Unwritten Tales) that actually work.If you're a fan of the series, it's a rather good addition to the series, but I'd suggest waiting until it's in the bargain bin."
76561198063370086,Not Recommended,262940,11059611,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,ndw86,"If you're expecting some of that Broken Sword magic that the first two games had, I'd suggest you rather go replay those two. My main problems are that it becomes tediously boring after the first half and that the attempts at humor are embarrassing. Seriously, I felt embarrassed for whoever wrote some of those 'jokes'. Such a disappointment."
76561198037452242,Not Recommended,262940,8776411,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Karfunkel,"not to recommend, even if you are a fan of the series (like I am).Writing down in all detail what bothered me, would have taken more time than I needed to finish ep1.So just a quick sum up: the story and story build up is way too slow and not compelling (i.e. ep1 - here is hoping for ep2); charakters are mere caricatures and the style of the puzzles is indecisive, shifting form bizarr to realistic. The early titles were famed for being heavy on the dialog, but, oh boy, they really improved this one.Will I play ep2? Sure (as I already bought it).But in hindsight I should have waited for the ep2 reviews."
76561198040198260,Recommended,262940,9017485,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Mishaboo,So good.
76561198044852726,Not Recommended,262940,24230570,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mountainlifter,"Just not as good as the previous Broken Sword games. The puzzles were even more ridiculous than in previous games. For instance, one puzzle uses a cockroach to short two power terminals, and another focuses on consoling a fat woman to progress the story. I lost interest around this part and used the hints to finish the rest of the game quickly. The overall plot was only mildly interesting but I did learn about a fascinating offshoot of christianity.The animations were fantastic but simply took too long each time an action was activated. The awkward pauses between conversations to allow the animations to complete were also jarring. The game was a test of patience in this respect.I was also dissatisfied that Nico was playable for a far shorter time than George."
76561198032062819,Recommended,262940,7932007,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,kingbankai,"This is just amazing... Great story and George Stobbart (That is with two B's and two T's.) excells as a character (with fantastic voice acting). All 5 games I played now and all I love doing is listening to Stobbart be his snarky with a hint of condesending self. The support cast is really good as well. Previous games some of them were great characters with terrible enthusiasm from the voice actors. Great story, great voice acting, creative visuals, and George Stobbart."
,Recommended,262940,8838677,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Boolin,My Favorite games by far are the Broken Sword series. About the only point and click adventure game I find hard to tear away from.
,Not Recommended,262940,13396408,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Hal ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ),"I really really liked BS1 and 2, 3 to 4 were hit and miss, and I'm still undecided in recommending 5.Took me 9 hours to finish it after stopping for a few months in between as I wasn't that interested in the story. I feel that it's too ""episodic"", and I don't like the pseudo-3D characters (much rather have the painted 2D from BS1-2). Soundtrack, although I love Barrington Pheolung and his work, was a rehash of BS1.Story is intriguing but not original enough. There's not enough stuff to keep me hooked or interested, and the final third felt like a drag: no world wide threat, no actual ""danger"", no real ""international threat"", just a few baddies, really awful jokes, and poor animation and cutscenes.I guess if you're a die hard BS fan (eg you liked 1 TO 4, including the 3D ones), then you'll also like 5.If you like BS1 and 2, but not so sure with 3 and 4, then you may enjoy 5.Pros: Locations (the very few ones), goat(s), some of the puzzles.Cons: THE puzzle that makes no sense, and even after having looked at a guide, I still don't know what's the ""right"" way to solve it, soundtrack, animations, cutscenes, story a bit meh."
76561198077785658,Not Recommended,262940,14209043,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,escalinci,"Outdated, but not in a charming way, hampered by the need to wait for animations to finish before you can talk to characters, it generally feels sluggish and at odds with the swashbuckling storyline.  The art is clear but less expressive than bs1/2 and nor does it have the more expansive exploration of bs3.  The best character arc in the game is that of a murderous quasi-butler who likes gardening.  Playing feels a little like going through the motions at times."
76561198031679608,Recommended,262940,9748089,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Trauma85,If you are a fan of the first two games you will be absolutely enchanted by the new instalment.
76561198121331562,Recommended,262940,13103851,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,lozg984,Love ALL BS games.
76561198116981377,Recommended,262940,9860739,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,ged-consalvey,Very good game good follow on from broken sword 2 back to the old themes with the gameplay keep it up hope that there will be more.
76561198030832411,Recommended,262940,8818117,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,zosodan,Looking forward to part 2 glad the old ways have been brought back to life needs to be slightly more difficult though
76561197968420720,Recommended,262940,8821936,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,genohunter21,"A well written adventure game reminiscent of the golden age of adventure gaming. The story is well written and the gameplay flows with puzzels placed such that they enhance the exzperience, rather than being an arbitrary progress gate. The only problem i have with the game is that its a little easy and part one feels short. With 5 hours for part 1 that gives us a total play time of about 10 hours. While not a short game (its on par with broken sword 1 and 2) I was hoping for something a little more.That said however I would advise anyone with a love of old school adventure games to get this one. Although.....you may want to wait until part two drops......the wait is driving me nuts."
76561198039946106,Recommended,262940,8849628,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Put it in Putin,cool game
76561198091737178,Recommended,262940,8859090,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,theogabrielliger,"The graphic detail and general feel of the game is good.  As a fan of The Shadow of the Templars I love the returning to a 2D form.  The game has a beautiful feel and the story is progressively compelling.  Just opening up the plot and enjoying the game, looking forward to uncovering more."
76561198065557782,Recommended,262940,8932504,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,wormwoodz,"Really loved the return of this series. The artwork is beautiful and reminiscent of the first titles, the voice acting great and the story doesn't let the series down. My only nitpicking would be the character models animations that occasionally look a bit awkward, specially in some cutscenes. But if you can forgive that, I think this adventure title will most certainly not disapoint you. Absolutelly recomend!"
,Not Recommended,262940,15320019,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,HausMaus,"I will preface this review by saying that Broken Sword 2 was the first video game I ever played when I got my first PC about 17 years ago. It left a huge imprint on my gamer psyche and made me an avid fan of point and click adventures. After finishing The Smoking Mirror, I went to the original installment and my mind was blown - it was even better. The old games didn't have the best graphics in the modern sense, but their world felt rich, alive and intricate. Every character felt real, tangible and memorable. I never felt as though I was only playing a video game - it felt like an entire new world, with its own characters, stakeholders and conspiracies. Every location was a treat and seemed alive and genuine.Sadly, not many of these things can be said for The Serpent's Curse. The game attempts to cater to the original fanbase by doing a lot of fan service, such as reintroducing certain characters and puzzles from the previous games, but it fails miserably at evoking the feelings of The Shadow of the Templars and The Smoking Mirror. The few locations that are introduced feel bland, static, unalive and uninteresting. The characters are even more boring and lifeless. The game attempts to buy cheap points by taking us to familiar locations such an art gallery in Paris and an old mansion in Spain, and this particular manipulation is obvious from the very beginning. The whole world of BS 5 feels static and fake. Sure the graphics are nice, but that's not enough to offset the constant feeling of emptiness and as though the game was rushed in order to maximize its profit margin. The ending is particularly bland and disappointing, and it's hard to imagine that such poor writing actually made it into the game.Whether I recommend playing The Serpent's Curse or not depends on what you're looking for. If you want to relive the experience and memories of the old games, give this one a wide berth. If you're simply looking for a somewhat decent pont and click adventure, it might be worth a playthrough... but keep your expectations in check."
,Recommended,262940,20470947,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mellow_Online1,"I was so happy that one of my favourite point and click franchises was getting a new game, 7 years after the last game was released. I was jumping with excitement. What did I think of it when it came out? It was good..... That's basically all I can say about it. I really wanted to say more about this because I was expecting more, especially after a hugely successful kickstarter campaign making more than double the original target. I loved all of the broken sword games, I even have a disagreement with how people treat the 4th game. But it just seems to be missing the charm the other games had, the same goes for BS4. Whereabouts does this game rank along with the broken sword games, it ranks 4th. It's better than 4 but not as good as 2,3 or 1.My one gripe I have with this are the puzzles seem way too simple and straight forward. Same thing as the director's cut of the original. They dumb down the puzzles so that people with half a brain could do. You just need to do the basic adventure things in order to do the puzzles. It doesn't really do much to stand out from the crowd. They also have the hint system make a return from 1 and 2, but unlike them, the hint system seems unnecessary. Again because of the simple puzzles.The artwork is beautiful, as usual for broken sword. But the artwork in this seems better than the other games, especially the dated graphics of 3 and 4. Movements seem crisp and smooth which is a huge improvement of the awkward movements of NPCs in 1 and 2.Dialogue is basically the same as the previous games so not much to talk about there.Characters are again your typical broken sword characters. So not much to talk about there.I think a few of the critics are missing the point of this game as well as other point click games. They're saying that it's timeless. Any point and click game can be timeless as long as it's done right. Point and click games are similar to old Atari 2600 games and nes game. They're so simple by today's standards but if they're done correct they can leave an impact on the gaming community as a whole. Easy to make but hard to master.I love the idea of resurrecting old franchises as it appealsto all sorts of gamers. Newer gamers grab it because it looks new and interesting and older gamers grab it for the nostalgia. That's why I just love the feeling of playing another Broken Sword game and it was a good experience. Now I just need to wait for the next Monkey Island.Steam Curator group:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/MellowReviews"
76561197973967367,Recommended,262940,8872795,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,templar,great game  love the artwork and story they did a beautiful job. please keep in mind this is only part one so far the next part of the story will be soon
76561198087162748,Recommended,262940,9352188,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,sbredshaw,good game cant wait for the sedcond half to see what happerns :-)
,Recommended,262940,9630705,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Nydine,I absolutely LOVE the Broken Sword series.... and this one was truly enjoyable. I cannot wait for the update. COME ON!!!
76561198002670535,Recommended,262940,9722247,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Quagmire36,"when's chapter 2 being released - said 1st quarter of 2014, well that's been n gone, bit naff having a game that doesn't end!!!!!!!!!"
76561198013914907,Recommended,262940,9750747,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Hai-Etlik,"A classic point and click adventure, without the limmits of classic technology.  Gorgeous hand drawn backgrounds, beleivable cell chaded 3d characters, no crate puzzles, and a story worthy of it's predecessors.  I'm eagerly awaiting ep 2."
,Recommended,262940,9919441,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Heisenberg,"When a new Broken Sword comes out it's one of the few games I really look forward to and buy straight away, but in my opinion while I enjoyed this one it felt quite a bit short in length, and that's after part 2, it's the main thing that stood out as a big minus for me, I also feel that Nico could have played a more active role in the game. But obviously there are good points, notably the care and detail put into the hand drawn scenery in each part of the game which I thought was very well done/ good voice acting (as usual). So yeah don't be put off by this Broken Sword it's not a bad game at all I enjoyed it on the whole, I'm just comparing to their previous standard set, so bottom line: Good game in general, just a bit short for me, one or two more different locations before the end featuring more of Nico would have made it more satisfying come the credits."
,Recommended,262940,9975263,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,bloodnutxcom,In a few words: it's a good game but definitely not the best. if you didn't play more successful quests better leave this be for now.The game is a Da-Vinci Code style of adventure (like all the Broken Sword series). there's barely any memorable humor in the game but overall it has good production value.My score is 75.
76561198063547190,Recommended,262940,8891545,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,pedlar91,"Brilliant. As always the artisic detail is incredible, the story and characters well written and planned. Full of nostalgia for fans of the series and yet can be played as a stand alone for newcomers. However, a little bit easier than past games with a larger degree of handholding. Overall really fun game with a very detailed story. Would definitley reccomend to anyone who likes a puzzle/ murder mystery and cannot wait for part two."
,Recommended,262940,9182762,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Limbo!,I liked this! I remembered ancient times playing Broken Sword and Broken Sword II... I felt like that child!! Looking forward for the 2nd episode!! :)
76561198039322999,Recommended,262940,9251794,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Kelric,"I enjoyed playing Broken Sword 5 - Part One. As a player of the entire series, I enjoyed it going back to its roots as a point and click piece. I still feel sorry for poor George who life seems to always give him a rough turn.  I do hope to see the second half. I think going half way was annoying and it seemed very short as a result. I do hope for Broken Sword 6 as well as the second half of he production. Before starting this, I would recommend playing Broken Sword 1 and 2 for a new player to gain some of the flavour.  Hope to see many of the recurring characters as well in the second part. On its own 5-1 was a mite tame compared to others but am waiting for 5-2 before passing final judgement. Worth it."
76561198126217865,Recommended,262940,9419654,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,graham.bodicoat11,trying to get episode2 of broken sword 5 help please
,Recommended,262940,9536030,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,iKontesis,"Classic Point & CLick, a tribute to the first two Broken Sword titles. A cinematic experience where you interact with the plot.So good that it makes me wish there were more games like this."
,Recommended,262940,9756448,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,OneEightSe7en,"A worthy successor to the original series!Enjoyed the game very much, although it isn't that lengthy. The whole gameplay grabs back to the basics, which is a good thing to me. The story leaves room for a lot of extra paths, so bring on the DLC with new puzzles and mechanics :)And it says that BigPicture is not supported, but it is perfect for the couch.. Al you need is the mouse/trackball, and you're good to go!Well done Revolution!"
,Recommended,262940,9771929,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Mrs Axe,"At last! broken sword how it should be! back to the game play style we all loved and missed from BS 1 & 2, george and nico are back together again to solve another mystery! great puzzles as always and great graphics, i dont want to say too much and give the storyline away, but if you are a fan of BS 1 & 2 then believe me you will love this installment :D"
,Recommended,262940,9835203,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Godsirra,"I read some bad reviews of this game, but i loved it! the nostalgia hit me right in the heart :)Even though its been yeeears since I played the first ones I still rememberd the characters.And it was really really cool to play a good point and click again.8/10 from me :)"
76561198032600765,Recommended,262940,9885663,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,dont.walk,"Like a cosy pair of slippers, you just have to love this game."
76561198026570313,Recommended,262940,9889425,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Fishl0r,"A worthy sequel to the broken sword series! Withold-school click&point mechanics as well as handdraw 2D-backgrounds, revolution games revives the spirit of the first two games. Murder in Paris, George and Nico and conspiracies this part of the series has it all.Pros:* Nice puzzle design, with some really challenging bits (Decoding an encrypted telegramms for instance)* Lovely drawn background* Exciting, fast-paced story (at least after it picks up speed in the second half of part 1)* Funny characters, conversations and refferences to the old gamesCons:* 3D Character-models and lazy animations. (There are severall glitches due the mix of 3D-models and 2D-Backgrounds)* Magic doors - I just don't get it, either you don't use doors (or at least not normal doors that need human interaction) or you animate character to open the doors, but doors magically opening and closing themselves just looks lazy and broken at the same time.* Lame voice acting, that seldom feels like conversations but like everyone needing to take a peek at their lines before responding.Nevertheless it is worth its money and a must for true fans of the series."
76561197997132112,Recommended,262940,9933370,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Warlod1981,Its a nice thrownacl to the original broken sword games but not as good .  First episode was a little too easy.  However I have not played episode 2 yet and I believe it is more difficult.  Its a nice way to casually pass time
76561198058895223,Recommended,262940,9940583,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,tirimaju,"I recommend this game for anyone seeking the cosiness and nostalgia of 1 & 2 however, I think it felt extremely rushed and just wasn't as detailed and challenging as it's predeccesors. A little dissapointed, but will always be a fan. Though it doesn't seem like there is another sequel, if there is I hope that it will not be as rushed with lots more game play."
76561198121101258,Recommended,262940,8911223,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,jamespanting,"If you are a fan of old school point-and-click games then you'll likely enjoy the latest Broken Sword entry. Built with nostalgia in mind - this game purposefully doesn't reinvent the wheel. This is a blessing for fans of the genre, however it will not convert any adventure game naysayers. There are about 4 hours gameplay in Act 1 which is ideal for busy gamers who appreciate a casual drop-in playthrough mentality. Looking forward to Act 2. I just hope THAT song (you'll know which one I mean) doesn't make a resurgence."
76561198050594621,Recommended,262940,9771885,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,amrishkelkar,"I loved the art work. The story line is pretty good too. I think these guys have done a marvellous job. Feels very nostalgic indeed! However, I do agree with some of the other reviews - it is a tad too short, and the puzzles need to be a little harder. Overall, I'd purchase more Broken Sword adventures any day!"
76561198054434250,Recommended,262940,9103580,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Rob,"Amazing, can not wait for episode 2. The games goes back to the roots of the original 2 games within the series.Anyone will enjoy playing this game and a must for have for any fans of the series"
76561197970078168,Recommended,262940,8559610,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,hermetico,"Another Broken Sword adventure. Less humoristic than first ones, maybe.Story is interesting enough and, clues and investigation are very entertainer.The only bad thing is that when dialogs start they take a long between the one finishes and the next one starts.Also, a double-click to make the character to reach places before would be more than desirable.Too much time spent doing nothing can be desperated.The worst of all is that this seems to be the first part of a two parts history so, that should continue in Browen Sword 6, I guess.Recommended, anyway. A good game."
76561198067544944,Not Recommended,262940,20358420,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,hans123dampf,Overacted speech.Sloooow.3D Characters?!Not so well animated.Weired paralax issues.Music and background paintings are nice.The spirit is gone. You better stick to the original.
,Not Recommended,262940,17663818,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,emredog,"As an old fan of the broken sword 2, I hate to say that this game was kind of a disappointment.It's solid and rigorous  but it lacks ""genie"" and the ""wow effect"". Sorry."
76561198093666290,Recommended,262940,28731438,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,flunkspagnargel,"after 1 and 2 (3 and 4 skipped, looked ugly), this, the 5th is again a very nice game."
76561197999957581,Recommended,262940,26392872,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Hcorg,Goat ate my review.
,Recommended,262940,30085396,Posted: 21 February,all,FanDanGo,Back to the old school formula od point and click. Has some really stupid puzzles in it (the cockroach fixing a circuit board with a paper clip is the worst) but apart from that a great game.
,Recommended,262940,30859780,Posted: 31 March,all,Guile,"Great game, the ending could of been better."
76561198047857449,Not Recommended,262940,16982340,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,punkt,"It's a good old graphic point'n click adventure with all the things that made good old point'n click adventures as good as annoying. I wish there was a neutral button. That's what I'd hit. Since there isn't one, I have to go with the negative evil thing: The bad just outweights the good.I want slow adventure games to succeed. I really, really do. I love stories. I love characters. I love puzzles. I love getting involved into fantasy stuff. I love... ermm.. slowness in games? The Serpent's Curse managed to drag me into nostalgia, I suppose. And it's very much like its predecessors, almost like a copy. Still, things just don't add up anymore nowadays. It's like the devolpers haven't learned anything since 2006. How long can you drag nostalgia out?The good:- It's fairly heavy on story. I'm not at the end yet but still wanna find out about those mysteries- It has beautifully drawn background graphicsThe bad:- Oh god, the voice acting. Nothing feels natural. I tried three different audio languages and I'm still lost here. In German (1st language), it's like listening to 3rd-graders reciting a play. English audio has hilariously spoken accents everywhere, Even I could hear the fake, and that says something. Finally I tried French and... well scratch that, my French has somehow dissolved over the years. Hopefully you'll get luckier with your audio.- Holy hell, the puzzles. I forgot how annoying these can be sometimes. You often know EXACTLY what you need to do: Talk to this guy, give him that. Repair the machine using X. But it's never that easy, isn't it? Things have to be complicated. THEY HAVE to be, because point'n click adventure game. Oh man. I'm writing this review from a point in the game where I definitely know that I have to drive a frigging seagull off a lamppost by honking a horn. Problem: I have about 0,5 seconds to make three things at once happen. Even with a guide at hand, I've tried seven times so far. This whole situation is horrible. I hate guides. I don't wanna use them. This game gives me no choice though. I don't wanna run around offering everyone a banana for five hours and hope it'll stick. So, there's that.Conclusion: This game is heavily outdated and only a thing for hardcore nostalgists. or masochists. Or people who like to google for solutions. Or ones who like to do the same things over and over again."
,Not Recommended,262940,14041756,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,paranoid nendoroid,"I am so sick of George's awful ""witty"" remarks all the time. The game looks great but really doesn't do BS 1 and 2 justice with its writing and puzzles."
76561198061936119,Not Recommended,262940,11330925,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,miggi85,"This game is a good example of just about everything wrong with point and click adventures - long animations that need to be repeated until you solve the puzzle with some truely, utterly obscure item combinations required. Overall this game doesnt do anything that Monkey Island wasn't doing ~25 years ago.The plot is intriguing and the characters likable though I think the humor missed almost completely. There are also some dialogue trees that just seem totally pointless. Overall the voice acting is acceptable though sometimes character reactions are out of place.Overall, if you're looking for a point and click adventure, there are better ones out there."
,Not Recommended,262940,14125515,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Gwentleman,"I really enjoyed the first half of the game despite that detective, pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥that he was to listen to. However the second half was quite a chore to get through, especially when I had to wait for a goat to walk up and down a hill, really slowly."
,Recommended,262940,7958826,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,MjK,Can't wait for the episode 2.
,Recommended,262940,8128415,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,💕 𝓐𝓶𝔂 💕,Broken sword games are brilliant point and click puzzle adventures with memorable characters. This is the newest game in the series and it's just as good as the previous games. Worth buying.
,Not Recommended,262940,14615023,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Sparkileptic,"I've been a big fan of the Broken Sword series but it seems the studio behind it have attributed its success to its Christian iconography and puzzles. Yes, the original is still considered a classic and I urge you to go play it now if you haven't already, but gamers loved it for its characters, mystery and charm, not for its overwinding historical lesson of the Templars. The Serpent's Curse is trying to simulate everything that made the first game a runaway success, down to bringing back the same characters, the same locations and the same jokes. Even a goat makes a comeback, for eff's sake.The game is also too long for its own good and about halfway-through, started getting dull and repetetive. Even the puzzles started becoming needlessly dreary and complicated.Is this game better than the last two? Most definitely. Does it outshine the original? Not by a long shot. Is it a good adventure game for fans of the series and those just getting into it? Probably, and sadly, no. You will get some entertainment out of it, but it's too busy being stuck in the past and will never really launch for you to embrace it fully."
76561198116617862,Not Recommended,262940,14459159,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ktosiu69,After a mediocre intro you are put straight into action; Broken Sword 5 wastes no time in establishing a believable atmosphere and neither should you be wasting your time and money with BS5.
76561198035729836,Not Recommended,262940,17775759,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,erichleos,No sound and game stops when trying to pick up the perfume from the dead body.
76561198003996728,Recommended,262940,30014737,Posted: 18 February,all,wanted31,Waiting for the 6th one !
76561198020825864,Not Recommended,262940,7977984,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Decalcomania,"The whole game felt rushed to me, due to the obvious Kickstarter campaign pressure. The animations were extremely shoddy and lifeless, and looked terrible at 2560x1440... With a glaringly obvious line around each character's neck, being visible in most scenes (which I presume the models were designed to rotate around). Everything also seems optimised for 420p, with the hand drawn pre-rendered backgrounds looking far less sharp than the glaringly obvious 3D character models... Which don't really fit with the style of going back to the game's roots. The few 3D mashup cutscenes were also jarring, considering this new / old combination style.Puzzle wise, everything you need is usually within your immediate environment and they require little to no thought. Some of the solutions are also pretty absurd, with the attempts at humor being a letdown this outing. I remember actually being challenged by the original games, which is sad. Also, did I mention the backtracking? Don't expect many new environments. The things you can't interact with on your first visit signify multiple visits to the same location.All of the usual charm and the bones of an interesting story are all there, but I'd avoid this until you can get your hands on the full version, or at least at a Steam Sale discount. The price is far too high for this level of quality. Let's hope the second episode is an improvement.5/10."
76561198061884761,Not Recommended,262940,10022438,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,SamAcura,"Worst BS of the series!No challenging puzzles, everything seems rather childish than mysterious or adventurous.So Unsatisfied!"
76561198126526828,Not Recommended,262940,9109757,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,apforbes89,"After paying for and installing this game, when I went to play there was only a black screen with music. This screen never went and I was unable to play the game at all."
,Not Recommended,262940,11456324,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Svalbaz,"Absolute Shame.I grew up playing great Adventure Games like the Monkey Island Series and the original Broken Swords. This however is a poor game.The Voice Acting is passable at best and the puzzles are far too easy. It seems to be an attempt at cashing in on an established brand.Saying that, the artwork is genuinely good. The colour scheme and the style are really nice and I wish more adventure games looked like this. It's just a shame that the actual game is pretty poor. I had to stop playing after only a short while because the voice acting and the puzzles were upsetting me.I wouldn't recommend this game, unless it's on Sale."
,Not Recommended,262940,10428447,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Special Marshmallow Funnel,"So, not sure which way to go on this one in the binary choice provided by Steam. If you are going to get into the Broken Sword series, then I suggest you go and check out the first game, which is available in an updated and still-beautiful edition on PC, Mac, DS, iOS, Android... probably GameBoy... uhm... yeah. Go play that. Then the second one if you feel you're enjoying yourself. And so on.If you've played and enjoyed Broken Sword before and have since forgotten about its existence, I am not sure if I could outright recommend 5. I did have fun, and much more so in the second half of the game. It's definitely a Broken Sword game, and there is plenty to like, but I am not sure it's worth rushing your wallet out. It's a return to the older-style point-and-click of the first two games, and it's good enough for getting your Broken Sword juices flowing, but really... I hope there are greater things ahead of the series."
,Recommended,262940,8801048,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,mandouh,Beautiful graphics. Nice story. Charming.
,Recommended,262940,22917819,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Overkill,"One of the best of the Broken Sword series, excellent pnc game.My Score - 9/10"
,Recommended,262940,13925811,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,PlayaOfGames,If you played broken sword 1 and 2 you'll love this one bring back the 2d style the first two had got rid of that god awful 3d style 3 and 4 had and funny thing is you don't even need to play broken sword 3 and 4 cuz the game complatly forget them only connects really off broken sword 2.pros:Controls are modern version of broken sword 1 and 2:Amazing graphics;Forgets ♥♥♥♥♥♥ broken sword 3 and 4;Mr.and Mrs. henderson:nicos voice actor was quite similer to the first one which is greatCon:none
76561198054097109,Not Recommended,262940,8955274,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,dgdecorating,"I'm very disappointed with the game. I love the series, and this game was good while it lasted but it was way too short. Nearly £20 for just an afternoons gameplay? However there is a second half to come out as a free update so it may still turn out to be good."
76561198079282226,Not Recommended,262940,7970128,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Dest,"It is the easiest and fastest broken sword i've ever play. I finished in 1 day without walkthrouh or google search. In 2 and 3, i realazed that didn't do anything in 1 day to figured out what to do. It's good but Come on guys it didn't worth 20$ for 24 hour play."
,Not Recommended,262940,23676930,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Mr Slippy,"Terrible.My eyes and ears are in pain. The bit where the fat american lady sings guilbert and sullivan, just to convince a GutlessP-ussy hiding in the cupboard to come out, made me puke cringe coloured vomit from all holes at once. I quite liked it when geroge drops a hammer on some poor Kunt though."
,Not Recommended,262940,24915063,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Mubarak,TL;DR: *Moonlogic* game.The most ridiculous puzzle design I've ever played. WTF is this?The delay between conversations breaks the immersion. The story is good but I just can't continue playing because of the these reasons.
76561198211387588,Recommended,262940,21441475,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,dalibor.fak,"Really liked the fact that series returned to its origins and I mainly say that in consideration of the atmosphere of the game. That wannabe 3D graphics in parts 3 and 4 never really worked for me. This is a sequel that Broken sword franchise deserves - nice (although predictable) story, puzzle-solving withouth constant walking back and forth, quite a dose of humour... it has it all, a definite must play for the classic P&C adventures fan!"
,Recommended,262940,17167850,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,=7Cav= SPC.Jacobs.R,"Broken Sword 5 lives up to its reputation, namely in the first two games in the series. It has brought back the original style of point and click in a cartoonie world. The game is packed with fun puzzles, a compelling storyline, and funny scenarios. If you're a fan of Broken Sword, this game is definitely a win."
76561198027716745,Recommended,262940,16702956,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Wadey,"Great return for Broken Sword, Carries on Nicely from 1 and 2.  If only i wasn't so scared of Goats..."
,Recommended,262940,16764592,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,.!.,"1 ve 2 deki hava yakalanmış, 3d saçmalığından vazgeçilmiş."
,Recommended,262940,30599763,Posted: 18 March,all,dogleish,"A fan of Broken Sword for years it was great to be able to play it again. I loved the long and intricate story. I got stuck quite a few times and needed to look up some guidance but all in all, just as good as the original games."
,Recommended,262940,18113462,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,twisty,"Overall I enjoyed this and am grateful to see that another BS game has finally been made, but I must admit that it wasn't really until I got through the first 1/3 of the game that I started to enjoy it. While there is a lot to like about this game -- the art, music, story and puzzles (in the latter part of the game at least) were well done -- by the time that it got interesting the game was almost finished. The main problem with this release is with its first half, as it spent far too much time self-consciously trying to reassert itself as an old-school point and click adventure game, which made it feel a little tired, like an old band trying to make a comeback after many years out of the scene.In saying that, I still really enjoyed it but am not sure if I would have persevered past the first quarter of the game if I wasn't such a big fan of the series."
,Recommended,262940,18661415,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Rober,"Highly reccomended game. The finale felt a bit rushed in my opinion, but overall it's a good adventure game with funny dialog and a more than decent new entry in the (mostly) brilliant broken sword series"
,Recommended,262940,17830059,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,"Final installment of Broken Sword series. Probably the best story of the five, for me. The game is back in 2D, very nicely painted graphics. This time you can skip dialogues (yay!). OK so the story begins in Paris again (duh!) at an art gallery where George meets with Nicole right at the time a robbery occurs and a single painting gets stolen... The story thickens a lot and people who like the Da Vinci Code book should definitely give it a try."
,Recommended,262940,17907582,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Dmitrij,"I was a fan of the first 2 games, and abandoned to follow the series when they turned to 3D. This one however intrigued me. It has 2D backgrounds and even though the characters are 3D they are prerendered and played by clicking a mouse, which is what got me back to it.The environments are as beautiful as ever, the plot is really interesting, and an intriguing story pulling you in more with each new step, to an extent that you are loosing sleep just to find out what's in the end.I thought the game played well for the first half, the puzzles were well organized, so that after each complicated puzzle you could do enough other things to relax ( like exploring Paris and chatting with interesting characters) than just puzzle solve - a really comfortable tempo.The second half however felt like puzzle after puzzle and I began to lose interest more so as I neared the end of the game. I already knew what it was all about and I wanted it to end and it didn't for some time still. It was rather frustrating and boring.The ending, the paranormal, is typical of the series, and is something that I very much dislike and for me it was the lowest point of the game.All in all I would recommend it for the gameplay, everything about the story except the ending, and for the humor."
,Recommended,262940,17327477,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,-=[FR]BERT-7=-,"A very nice game, the second part was hard but really nice !!!I wish it was longer cuz it's good time. This one is closer to the spirit of the first and that's awesome !! Hope to play a 6 soon !"
76561198121516571,Recommended,262940,16695388,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Kaydark,Brilliant game! I couldn't stop playing once I'd started. If you enjoyed any of the previous Broken Sword titles then you will definitely enjoy this one. I managed to purchase it during the sale so I got a great bargain.
76561198027749356,Recommended,262940,17910190,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Dr. Pleasant,"Excellent story line and very true to the original series, however a little short and the puzzles were significantly easier than with I,II and III. Very beautiful artwork throughout and animated as point and click adventures should be. Hopefully more to come of this series."
76561198169391980,Recommended,262940,16867015,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,lukehayden2,"Broken Sword 1 throw back.I havent completed yet, however I would say it keeps the Broken Sword genre alive and kicking.Best bought on sale, for a 2D game anything over a £5 note is a little steep."
76561198048481629,Recommended,262940,17973716,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Heisenberg Particulate,"Buy it - Just buy it, you will not regret it if you have ever played/enjoyed Broken Sword 1 and 2 (and if you were disappointed with Broken Sword 3 and 4 like me, this game blows them out the water).Having played the series since it's release, I was much younger when I first picked up Broken Sword 1, I can finally say they've managed to match, and perhaps surpass, the first release.Broken Sword 1 and 2 were truly brilliant, clever, inspiring and enjoyable games, and I am one of the many who feel the move to 3D for Broken Sword 3 and 4 was a tragic, but understandable mistake.Broken Sword 5 has finally recaptured the magic and charm that the first two games brought us. It's engaging, full of life, mystery and oozes such appealing gameplay. I am so glad they have finally brought us a Broken Sword worthy of the name. I would, and do, recommend this game and it's predecessors. If I could, I'd throw any amount of money they needed to make Broken Sword 6, the games are that good."
76561198065133029,Recommended,262940,17418652,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Lone Wanderer,Recommend
76561198116890324,Recommended,262940,17545965,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,kev1985,"as a big broken sword fan i was so happy with this game it felt like going back in time as it felt like an original broken sword game, the 2d works very well and the story was great and i was so happy rolf returned to do georges voice, my only problem would be they have changed nicos voice to many times so the character does not feel right, i cant wait for the next game hopefully rolf who is now nearlly 60! will carry on voiceing george for many more years, i think once rolf goes thats when broken sword should end, so get working on new games guys we can afford years to pass between games with rolf who is now nearly 60!"
76561198084819662,Recommended,262940,16877671,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,pauldiazberrio,"An engaging, but short adventure. The Broken Sword games as a whole have been compelling and number five offers many  thrills, much humor  and suspense, albeit in a small package. A few more locales and characters to interact with would have made this installment better. The hand drawn illustrations are some of the best I have seen in a modern game, if not rather unexpected in the digital age. The dialogue is both funny and charismatic. The mystery of the murders, the Tabula Veritatis and the ancient connection to Jehovah and Lucifer are interesting and may appeal to members of gnostic and catholic faiths.The ending is good, but brief. If George and Nico's outing had been shown, it would have been a satisfying finale. As the conclusion is, it leaves players wanting more, but also wishing the story had lasted longer.All in all, Broken Sword 5 is a fine game, worthy of praise, but a little lacking in depth. What it offers is interesting, but if the game had had a little more depth, it could have been as notable as the first."
76561198124051747,Recommended,262940,16837412,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,jonathan,"Beutiful point and click adventure game. I almost moved away from Broken Sword after the third one, but this game is my favorite out of the first three (haven't bothered with the fouth). The interfact is great, and the graphics are big and easy on the eyes, yet the backgrounds still have great detail. This would have been the perfect adventure game had it not been for one very bad puzzle towards the end."
,Recommended,262940,14612028,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Hideous Chaos,It has the charm of the early Broken Sword games which has kept me hooked! definitely worth a playthrough for fans of the Broken Sword series and point & click fans alike.
76561198029733893,Recommended,262940,15008667,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,moggzie,"Wonderful, just as great as the first game!!"
76561198153321634,Recommended,262940,15117901,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,WilfulDragonfly,"Broken Sword 5 gets back to the roots of what made the first few games great with the return of the point and click and system and 2D game play. You get down to some pretty fine fenoddling with George and Nico, the voice work is spot on, the puzzles are pretty good, the backgrounds are beautiful, and the humor is back. The first two are definitely my favorites but this game is straight after them in the list.I don't know if there ever will be, but I hope there will be a Broken Sword 6 if they keep making them like this."
76561198128561550,Recommended,262940,14905174,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Manov,"I liked this game. It ran fine on my PC, because it hadn't demanding graphics. The first thing, that got my attention, were the hand-drawn background images. I have rarely seen so beautifully drawn backgrounds in games. I also felt nostalgic about the past, when there were much more point-and-click adventures!The puzzles were not that difficult. I completed the game in just 2 days! There are helpful hints, which could be shown on demand.I loved the sense of humor, which poured like autumn rain from the main protagonist - George Stobbart. I especially loved his efforts to show his captured cockroach to other characters - he tried to introduce ""Trevor"" to the others to no avail and I laughed sincerely!While the game is easy to complete, I noticed the story of Gnosticism may not be quite suitable for a small child. The ""oroborus""-symbol is a very complicated one and I didn't expect to find it in a little game like Broken Sword.I wish the music was more dynamic in nature. The pieces in piano are ok, but a bolder soundtrack would engage the player deeper in the world of Gnosticism."
76561198054703608,Recommended,262940,14983001,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,kduyb7,"Wonderful graphic! (not sure why people keep saying graphic is not the key when they call it ""video"" game)Story is somewhat good at first parts but then it keeps going down, and the sequence too bad :(But anyway, it's fun to go with our characters to the end and yes, I think you should try it."
76561198038779629,Recommended,262940,8097816,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Cpt Apathy,"[Edit]Managed to finish the game, increadibly grateful that BokenSword devs camethrough on promises and did not force a payment of the second episode in which all the thing I love about BroknSword came rushing to the forfront. The puzzles became moderatly difficult, allowing for time to consider the plot while enjoying the game. The reintroduction of characters and the addition of complex history, mythology and ledgends was in reminicienst of BrokenSword 1 and 2. generally made a ful recovery and I am very satisfied.[Pre-Edit]frustrating change of the format into episodic nature, how they will fit the rest of the story into only 1 episode is a mystery to me as this episode is not even 1/5 of a story. annoyingly the mystery of how they will ressurect this poorly written story is more complex than that of the game. george seems to have become a dunce in his years away."
76561197971022110,Recommended,262940,15044617,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Graaaaah,"The recommendation for this game is for people who like classic Point-and-Click adventures or the series as a whole. I wouldn't recommend it for someone who is just trying out the adventure genre.It wasn't the most intriguing and compelling of all story lines, there are (as in all Broken Sword games) a few really silly puzzles and solutions, and of course many open questions and a plot that relies more on chance than on logic.Still - it has beautiful backgrounds and it's entertaining enough. Not my favourite Broken Sword game, though (that would be either BS1 or BS2), but bettrer than its predecessors 3 and 4."
76561198008984332,Recommended,262940,15028309,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,onurv,"Finally a good game in the series and a great way to end this mediocre marathon.After 2 failed attempts to make a 3D game BS series finally does it by mixing it with 2D. Beautiful 3D models with 2D and just as beautiful background, no pixelated images and a tasteful color palette... Graphics are simply superb.As for the gameplay, they went back to P&C. The game has almost the same gameplay as the first two. They polished some rough edges of course (but completely ignored making a double-click function to make the characters move faster). They changed the second lead character Nİco's voice yet again, thankfully not for the worse,  and I'm starting think they are doing this on purpose seeing as no voice was used a second time but I'm missing the point of it entirely. Anyway, puzzles are a delight for the most part. There are still overcomplicated unimportant puzzles like every adventure game ever but most of them are just as they should be especially the second half of the game(Yes there are two main parts).Story is also the best in the series imo. I love christian mythology (no I'm not a follower of the religion) and this is one of the best ones I've seen. The symbolisms, the background, the puzzles... They really connect and you can see they really put effort in it. But the other guys in the story department clearly didn't do as much. Not surprising twists are not surprising, bad guys are cliche at best and ending is disappointing (still better than slaying ♥♥♥♥ing dragons). All in all it's a fun story.To sum up: I you liked the previous ones you ARE going to love this one. If you didn't like them or didn't play them it's still a good game worthy of your time."
76561198100730730,Recommended,262940,19549455,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,PinkBunny,"best game. it's a comeback to the broken sword origins, after the delusions fo BW 3 and 4. highly recomended to all. it's 4.5/5 stars"
76561198015482761,Recommended,262940,19227920,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ASS TO GRASS,Old school style point-and-click adventure game. With many puzzles where you really need to think. If you look good old style adventure game this is really something you should look forward to. Worth of every dime you spent.
76561198010525301,Recommended,262940,21166539,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,King Kane,Your typical click adventure game. The story was good but I wish it had more animation parts. I would only buy this when on sale. 6.5/10
76561197993512229,Recommended,262940,7961728,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Alek,"Yes, yes oh god yes :P"
76561198070967169,Recommended,262940,21002190,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,lac61087,"Not as good as broken sword 1 and 2, but miles better than 3 and 4, the game goes back to it's roots but still not quite 2D, a wierd hybrid bewteen 2D and 3D. The first half of the game is the best part of the game and reminds me of the gerat times i had when i was a kid with Broken Sword 1 and 2, my sister loves them as well, but something is missing in the second part of broken sword 5, the charm dissapears, the game delves into silly illogical puzzle after another and the story starts to trip over itself and struggles to keep my attention and gets too wacky for it's own good, even pearl and duane cannot save the second half of this game.It gets a recommedation from me only becuase the first half hit me in the nostalgias, Revolution Software need to go back to their 2D roots fully and bring that charm we all know and love back, enough of the ghosts and supernatural stuff i want templars, french police, lots of cafes, pubs, gangsters with charm(guido and flap) just to name a few things. Broken Sword 5 for me felt like my favorite band that i know created masterpiece after masterpiece coming back from a 6 year hiatus and releasing a really avarage album that still had that spark that you knew and loved only this time not as bright.7/10, cannot wait for the 25 year anniversary box set Revolution Software, big fan here make no mistake just feel you guys could have done better."
76561197963966942,Recommended,262940,19873433,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,C2162,Looks astonishingly beautiful. A very likable adventure game.
76561198062062047,Recommended,262940,19866328,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,LANLILUNLU,"Classic point and click with beautiful graphics. Feels like Broken Sword 1. Some sections are easy, other you spend your whole night on one screen (and solve it in your first try next day). Notepad is needed for some puzzles.These guys must continue producing point and click adventure games practicing (and perfecting) this graphic style."
,Recommended,262940,19754867,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,trgz,"Wonderful.After the dissapointment of 3, and especially 4, The Serpent's Curse is a return to form and looks and feels as good (even better maybe?) than the first two in the series. Small issue with Creative driver under Windows 10 (BSOD) but disabling the card until the first scene was reached (and using USB headphones) allowed a quick save, reboot, re-enable card, and a game resume seem to work fine with the Creative card and speakers again.Lovelyfootnote: I did find that there were three or four other cutscenes that caused the BSOD so again I disabeld the Creative card temporarilyand played through them - recommendation is to save the game regularly though the autosave did help on one occasion"
76561198076736063,Recommended,262940,20354916,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,dusoft,"Reminiscence of the old classics Broken Sword 1 and 2, well playable, however story is too linear and sometimes lagging.PROSGood playability and long-play adventure timeGreat graphicsPoint'n'click interface and good UIGood voice actingCONSSlow reaction of characters in dialogsNot possible to run on doubeclick as it used be a standard and this unnecessary takes time to slowly walk everywhereToo linear storyUnrealistic story, specially the ending"
76561198016977238,Recommended,262940,11048115,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Kardos,Excellent game! Make more of these please! Must have... what are you waiting for?
76561198142353171,Recommended,262940,19813903,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,mick,"I have played all ot its predessors, so I wanted to go for it also. And I really did enjoy it as all the titles  before. I appeared to me to be a bit shorter than the former titles. Nevertheless a clear recommendation form my side."
,Recommended,262940,25468993,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Nonecity,"A beautiful game that really captures that nostalgic feel and atmosphere of the first two games.Even if you get stuck on one pf the more difficult puzzels you can ask for tips, which makes it more enjoyable, because it doesn't break the flow of the game."
76561198112820423,Recommended,262940,25558689,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,reinventedsky,"The Broken Sword series had a middling time of it after the breakout first title, now considered a classic piece of gaming from the 90s. Between then Charles Cecil has dabbled in tone and format; The Sleeping Dragon was a foray into console platforming, while Angel of Darkness experimented with a decidedly mature narrative. But The Serpent's Curse is thankfully a more cohesive affair, one that stays closer to the series's earliest roots. Once again you assume the role of resilient lawyer George Stobbart and his opportunistic on/off journalist girlfriend Nico Collard. This time, while back in Paris, they witness a murder during a robbery at an art gallery. Cue convoluted religious infractions on the plot, casual globe trotting and some mystic revelations and the fifth game in the Broken Sword canon just about hits standard mileau. And though not nearly as well written as the first two games, with neither the profundity and humour to be seen across the many characters, The Serpent's Curse is still a charming adventure that fans will be proud of."
,Recommended,262940,26400855,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,RmmR111,"This game is worth every penny.I have all the ""good"" broken sword games on steam"" and i was really waiting fo a proper sequel - because let's face it, 3 and 4 where a mess - , and this doesn't leave any disappointment.The story is quite intriguing and faithful to the series, a mysterious artifact, religious sects, lots of traveling, witty dialogues and mind boggling puzzles - except for one right in the end that made no sense and led to some hints and walktroughs, shame on me- and it has really a stunning environmental art, that transports you right into the story.A MUST for every mystery game lover, for the begginers in point and click, and for the fans of the series, a warm return home.Hope they make another one, I'll definitely buy it."
,Recommended,262940,19784886,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,charlotte.elizabeth11,"So what can I say about this game, I am an avid fan of the Broken Sword series and I was extremely happy to see they went back to the old style of how it plays of ""point & click"" compare to the 2 previous games where you could run around more. This game was fantastic! I loved the story, the art style, the references to the other games, everything was great with this game. I really don't have anything negative to say about it. I really recommend you pick up this game if you have already played the previous 4 games, if not then please get the others and play this series! It is well worth the money. I went into this with mix feelings because sometimes in a game series you can be let down after the first 2 games but this series just keeps getting better and better! I had the same mixed feeling playing the 3rd & 4th games but was happy with how the stories played out for those 2 games. So yes in closing please pick up this game series if you haven't and enjoy!"
,Recommended,262940,28453380,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Glee,Decent continuation of BS saga that has everything you would expect from an old-school point-n-click adventure game (including flaws) + some extra cream'n'sugar for the fans of the series.
76561198274566778,Recommended,262940,28442120,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,honeycat555,"Wow, 10/10 this is the gold standrd for point/click adventure games. Beautiful graphics, excellent voice acting i loved the entire 11hrs spent playing. No gameplay issues at all. Wish There Were More Broken Swords Adventures To Look Forward To. Simply Wonderful."
,Recommended,262940,27888854,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,icy_april,Nominated for:  The “Best Use Of A Farm Animal” AwardThis goat definitely doesn't need a massive engine to rule ^^
,Recommended,262940,33096169,Posted: 1 July,all,Alex,"Old style click and point adventure brought to the modern age. No ridiculous enigmas, but still a good difficulty. Worthy of being called Broken sword 3. (Forget about the actual number 3 and 4 if you buy the bundle)I hope number 6 will follow this path!Recommended!!!"
76561198031158074,Recommended,262940,7963612,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Tracylee,"Awesome game, eagerly awaiting part 2 :)"
76561198118965033,Recommended,262940,33317124,Posted: 6 July,all,Wyle Cor,"I grew up playing the original Broken Sword games and was a bit skeptical whether this one could meet the same standard. Now I'm very glad I got it because it really did. The story, the characters, the humour, the amosphere, the music and puzzles all felt like the first two games I'll always love. While I didn't remember all the details about the recurring characters, seeing them was heartwarming and the game explained who they are, so I don't think not having played the previous titles would make this one unenjoyable. Wish they still made more great games like this."
,Recommended,262940,33366725,Posted: 8 July,all,splitbrain,Worthy successor to the original. A solid adventure game with logical puzzles and a good story. The end was a little bit sudden and anti climatic maybe.
76561198004834579,Recommended,262940,14578210,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ginger ale,"Beautiful graphics, good story. In the spirit of the old adventure with logic puzzles."
76561198031994154,Recommended,262940,32082561,Posted: 31 May,all,vegard,"The aweinspiring resurrection of a superb series. Graphics, voiceover, writing and familiar characters all comes together with gusto. If you like point'n'click games you should spoil yourself rotten by buying this."
76561197996223286,Recommended,262940,32933477,Posted: 28 June,all,NeOzguR,Classic Broken Sword game. It has a few problems but they are not annoying. After the fourth game this game really fits the series.
,Recommended,262940,25631863,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Xansa,"Alright so after I had upgraded to windows 10 the game was not playable for me anymore because of a programm called ""Open AI"" that windows 10 is simply not installing or overwriting or whatever. So I had to search the programm isntall it and then the game wa playable again.I find it sad that the community has to figure this out and that nobody from the company helped with an issue many people seem to have after going Win10.Anyway, the game is good. The usual moments of ""why the fur are they doing this or that"" of the regular adventure game can be found. The remastering did not hurt the game at all from its original glory that it used to have.  I played all the Broken Sword games back in the day and this one fits in quite nicely, even though i feel like George is a little more annoying than usual.All in All Broken Sword is a good game if you get it running."
76561198222399064,Recommended,262940,35331029,Posted: 30 September,all,Whitebeard,"This Broken Sword is all what i expected,nice hand made graphics,the humor,the dialogues,the story and the surroundings are pretty much awesome! i loved it!"
76561198313796248,Recommended,262940,35428317,Posted: 2 October,all,SiriusBlack,"One of the best games I have played. It got a great story, great voice acting and some good humour.10/10"
76561198134726491,Recommended,262940,35500409,Posted: 5 October,all,ioannis michailidis,It is another clasic game like all Broken Sword ones. Go for it without even thinking :-)
