user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,263280,12704040,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Mr. T-Bag,"THERE IS A TECH DEMO AVAILABLE FOR FREE, GET IT HERE;http://www.spintires.com/#!/demo. I highly recommend that you download and try it before purchasing, purely because you may find that you don't get on with the game for one reason or another. The download file is only about 100 Mb, so there's really no excuse not to try it. That said, the tech demo is quite different from the actual release. However, if you like the concept of the demo enough to pay for the release, then, in all probability, you won't be dissapointed.I think that Spintires could be accurately described as quite a devisive game, that is to say that you'll probably either really like it, or find it the most mind numbing tedium you've ever experienced in gaming. It's like Marmite, you'll either love it, or you'll hate it.Personally, I love it. The games that I tend to enjoy most are those that afford you a great deal of freedom to choose what you want to do and how you want to do it. in short, I love sandbox games. I think that Spintires could be described as a sandbox, admittedly all you can do is drive around in some mud, but you're free to choose the vehicle you want to use, the modifications for that vehicle, the direction you drive said vehicle in, create challenges for yourself and so on. If, like me, you're into your sandbox games then I highly recommend that you try it. I find it a great game to finish an evening's gaming with. It helps to wind me down from explosions, guns, violence and high levels of intensity commonly found in games (at least the games I play) these days. Put your favourite album on, play half an hour of this game and you should be pretty chilled out.In terms of actual content, there are seven different vehicles, ranging from a little jeep, to a massive eight-wheeled leviathan of a machine, each with customisable features, such as trailers and tyres, and five different maps. Each map is about 1 Km squared. This may not sound like an awful lot of space to play with, especially if you're into your sandbox games, but the nature of the landscape is such that the challenge is more or less constant and you're not often moving with a great deal of speed. For example, if you make a journey across one of the more challenging maps with a trailer full of the medium sized logs, without any hitches, then it'll probably take you about fifteen to twenty minutes. I have never felt like I wanted bigger maps. That said, dont expect much aesthetic variety between maps, they all look very similar, broadly speaking. However, as I have said, some maps are certainly harder to navigate than others. In terms of what there is to do, it really depends on how inventive and creative you are as a gamer. If you like to stick to the formal objectives of a game, that is, what the game is explicitly telling you to do, then you'll be sorely dissapointed. The objective on each of the five maps is the same, unlock all of the cloaked areas, discover and unlock all of the vehicles present on the map, discover and unlock all the garages on the map, and deliver timber from the lumber mill to the objective. That's it in terms of formal missions. That said, getting your first load of lumber to the mill is incredibly satisfying. On par with landing on the moon for the first time in Kerbal Space Programe (KSP players will know what I'm talking about). If you're more creative and create your own challenges then you'll get a lot more mileage out of this game, for example, driving across one of the maps without using all wheel drive in the UAZ. If you're an experienced sandbox gamer then you'll get far more mileage (literally) out of this game.I have to put in a word for the aesthetic appeal of this game. In my opinion, Spintires is one of the most beautiful games I have in my library, although I'm aware that there are others who hold the contrary position (beauty is in the eye of the beholder, after all). The graphics are quite unique, they have an almost tilt-shift kind of thing going on (if you don't know what that is, google it, I guarantee you'll like what you see, no, it's not boobs). They're almost kind of stylised. The look of the vehicles and the environment do an incredible job of creating this wonderful Russian ambience.The physics, on the whole (I'm looking at you, magical jumping rocks) are stellar. The ground deformation (in most cases) is reliable and beautiful to look at. I can safely say that I am not aware of any other game that has done it as well as Spintires has. The water is also amazing. It looks gorgeous driving through it, having it splash around your truck, rather than being this inert entity in the game world. The suspension on all the vehicles is awesome, as is the tyre deformation. It legitimately looks like your vehicle is driving over what it is supposed to be driving over (or through, on some particularly bad roads you'd be hard pressed to say that you were actually driving on the road). Trees shake as you bump into them, flex as you anchor you winch to them and pull, saplings bend and snap as you drive over them. If you like physics games, or games that do physics well, and can justify buying a game on those grounds then I'd recommend picking this up. If you like BeamNG Drive or Next Car Game for their physics, then you'll like Spintires (but not because of the soft body physics, I hasten to add. The soft body physics are perhaps the only aspect of the physics in Spintires which may be considered to be deficient).On top of this the game runs (in my experience) very well indeed. I'm not particularly well versed in performance and optimisation, so I cant say much here, but what I can say is that this game runs considerbaly better than you might think. I do all my gaming on my Lenovo Z585 Ideapad, so I'm running it on an AMD Radeon 7660G + 76070M dual graphics card, 8GB of RAM, and a quad-core processor, running on Windows 8. It's a less than ideal gaming setup, but it's the best that I can justifiably afford. I can run Spintires with everything at maximum and get a (fairly) solid 30 frames per second, often higher. So for those of you like me out there with low-powered rigs, then spintires is probably a game you can enjoy in all it's glory. Again, if you're having reservations based upon doubts about how well it'll perform, get the tech demo (link at top of review, it's free).Most of what I've said so far has been positive, however, there are a couple of negatives. Don't expect frequent updates. Even the updates that there have been really have not changed much. This is probably down to Oovee being such a small studio. Also (I can't verify this, since I've not played the multiplayer), apparently you can't save your progress in multiplayer, once you quit the game, all the work and cool stuff you are your friends pulled off is gone. On the subject of saving, there are no quicksaves. You can't roll up to a river and quicksave just in case you don't make it across. It's do or die. For some this may be incredibly frustrating. For me, however, I tend to find that the absense of a quicksave feature forces me to play much more carefully and methodically. It gives real weight to challenges, and provides a genuine sense of achivement when you overcome an obstacle. I can see why people may not like this, but personally, it's a feature who's ommission I am pleased with.So overall, I'd say Spintires is a great, unique, solid game. But get the tech demo and decide for yourself. Oh, a word of warning, if you buy Spintires because you liked the tech demo and expect lots of new features and a good deal more 'game' then you're going to be dissapointed. If on the other hand you're infatuated with the tech demo and want some more trucks and maps to play with then you'll be delighted.TL;DR, Get the tech demo and decide for yourself (link at top of review).Thanks for reading, hope this helped :)."
,Recommended,263280,32044595,Posted: 29 May,all,theboxassembler,"Spintires is one of the only games of its kind. Options for an offroading game on pc are slim to none. Is it worth 30 bucks? In short, no. But I still reccomend it. Why?Spintires is a great proof of concept title, not neccesarily a game in its current state. Developers are AWOL at this point. The game is being kept alive by 1 thing, and its the mods. The modders have taken the groundwork of the game and used it to create what it should've been all along. An offroad simulator unlike any other. Rockcrawling, Mud Bogging, Overlanding, and general Trailing are all possible with the mods availible.I paid full price for it, as it sits right now with the base content, no way its worth it. But the mods are what make this game shine, and if you want a game to provide you with lots of chances to off road with your friends online and get some funny stories of ""That one time..."" then pick it up and mod it to glory. Hopefully this helps make a decision."
,Not Recommended,263280,18734152,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Maluno,"I love this game.The only reason I haven't played more of it to date is the same reason I'm giving it a thumbs down. It shouldn't have left Early Access.When I started playing it (March '15) it was already out of it and therefore supposedly a full release.I dipped my toes in every map and made some progress here and there, until one day they released an update and I found out my 20-something hours worth of advances had been wiped out with it.Looking around in the forums, it soon became apparent that it wasn't just me nor was this the first time it happened. In fact it happened with every single update done before. Others had lost much more time than I did.This would be excusable were the game in alpha/beta stage or even still Early Access and things were getting ironed out. Or if it was a 'rogue-like' or 'casual' game. Instead, this is the Dark Souls of truck driving games (set in some kind of deserted Russian Woodstock) and saving your progress is not something to dream about but a fundamental feature that is already there and works. Well, until they do another update.To be clear, I'm speaking of the single player aspect of the game only, as multiplayer has no saving options to date.Irked out, I forgot about it for some time, and came back a while later. This time I didn't split my attention on several maps, aware of the risk it would all go down the drain at any point. Soon enough came another update, and down the drain those extra few hours did go.In the wake of complaints in the forums, I remember reading an announcement by Oovee stating they would be having a meeting with the developer (I paraphrase) and would 'explain to him how important maintaining the saved game progress across updates seemed to be to the players'. Which to me is nothing short of fascinating. That such a basic and obvious priorityneedsto be told to a developer. Over a future meeting, no less.Today, about half a year later, came another update and, unsurprisingly, another wipe. Wonder how that meeting went.If you're on the fence and somehow stumble upon this, consider it a heads up that shouldn't get you out of the fence anyway, because I actually think the game is great, and it is perfectly playable as long as you don't wait too long to pick up where you left. The longer you wait, the higher the chance you'll have to start from scratch.I'll update the direction my two cents are spinning if I ever become aware of this issue getting resolved. As it stands, Spintires suffers from a lack of respect for its players' time."
,Recommended,263280,15781089,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TraviztY ッ,"Me: ""Are you stuck bro?""My Friend: ""Yea, I'm stuck.""Me: ""Hold on I'll try to winch you out.""(hooks winch up)Me: ""Ok, you ready?""My Friend: Yea, I'm ready.""Me: ""Ok lets get you out.""(Turns on winch and accelerates with 4WD and Diff Lock on; Friend has parking brake on... I Instantly sink)Me: ""Sh*t... I think I'm stuck now too...""My Friend: ""What do we do now?""Me: ""Alt F4.....""10/10 would sink again"
76561198031403610,Recommended,263280,25691306,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Smed,"I have over 500 hours in SpinTires and over 300 hours in the SpinTires editor creating custom maps for the game. After reading a lot of the negative reviews I realize why some people think this game is not worth the money. It is true the developers have been very slow on releasing any updates but the modders have taken this game and turned it into the best offroading game out there.Custom Vehicles: Currently the game now has workshop support for all modded vehicles. All you have to do now is subscribe and at map selection you can pick whatever vehicle you want to drive. Modders like Sid, Brute, Vengeful Maniac and many others have created highly detailed and realistic offroading rigs to drive.Custom Maps:  There are tons of free maps made by modders on spintires.nl. The maps are usually around a 50mb to 100mb download. They come in a zip file. You open up the zip and there are two level folders inside. All you do is drop those in your Spintires/Levels folder and start the game up. You will have to disable achievements to play with custom maps and trucks.The other mod that makes this game amazing is Spintiresplus. Its a simple download and install from Spintires.nl.  You simply drop the files into your main Spintires folder and its done. It has a config file that you can edit with notepad to change little things in the  game like a battery winch so you can flip your vehicle back over if you get stuck without any friends around.If you can handle that little bit of mod installation then this is hands down the best offroading game out there with new maps and vehicles being released on almost a daily basis."
76561198032085909,Not Recommended,263280,10620891,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Striike,"This game is fun, and if you enjoy offroading there are certainly some hairy moments that will keep you on the edge.  The reason for me not recommending is because this is not a finished product.  I would agree this is an alpha or pre-release, and were it marketed this way I would be fine with it, but I thought I was buying a finished product.  If you want to try a finished product, wait for about a year.1.  There are no saves in multiplayer, if the host loses an internet connection, everyone, including the host, are kicked to the main menu and 100% of the progress is lost.  You cannot continue the game the next day.2.  You only get a very crappy 3rd person view.  Its nice when you are trying to get out of a bind, but worthless if you are trying to drive through a trail or a straight line.3.  There are 6 maps, but all of them are the same thing, with slightly different surroundings.  You take logs from point A to point B while trying not to get stuck in 5 foot deep mud pits every 20 yards.  Nothing else to this game.4.  Exploring is not even fun, since there is too much mud.  ""It is not drive for a bit, and oh, there's some mud.""  Its ""yeah, finally got out of the mud, oh wait there's more.""  I spend 95% of my time in 1st gear, Differential locked, and all wheel  drive engaged.  Otherwise you get stuck every 20 feet.5.  The developers have promised more content, such as fixing the bugs, views, and adding more content, but again, this is supposed be a finished product.6.  There are mods out there, but you cannot  use any and play multiplayer.13 July 2014Folks, if you do not like my review, that's ok, but I really do not care.  It is my opinion.  Any fanboy comments that do little more than insult me or my review are simply deleted, please do not waste your time.  There is nothing I have written that is untrue about this game."
,Recommended,263280,16661467,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ghost,"This game makes driving slowly and carefully more fun than it sounds.First time on multiplayer with a friend who'd never played before-Friend: im stuck in some trees.Me: try reversing outFriend: there's one behind me as wellMe: Forward?Friend: one there as wellMe How?Friend: I don't know, I was avoiding the stumps and then there were trees.Me: I'll pull you out sideways.3Hrs and not a single log was moved.It's not the destination with this game but the journey."
,Not Recommended,263280,13889372,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,"Janos Bartok, Esq.","What you need to know:Spintires has a tech demo!  Try it first athttp://www.spintires.com/#!/demo1 - Some people love the game, others hate it.  Try before you buy.2 - The publisher/developer/customer relationship is quite troubled (read: significant bugs and unexpected changes.)See -https://steamcommunity.com/app/263280/discussions/0/622954023416537887Many Spintires players *love* the game and would like to recommend it.  However, we cannot yet do so given the current instablity of the game itself."
,Recommended,263280,10804080,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,space girlfriend,Stay up all night and have a lumber partyTruck the police.10/10 wood recommendEdit: The trucks are actually pretty accurate and driving around collecting logs is a dam fine way to casually spend an evening. I saw it on sale and couldn't resist.
76561198310931359,Not Recommended,263280,34339043,Posted: 18 August,all,AwkwardFuture08,To the devs: What the heck?! Ditch this game and make a whole nother one? Wow... I was really looking forward to playing the uodated version of this game but now me and millions of others are left severly dissapointed. I'm not paying for the same thing in the new game.
76561198010706297,Not Recommended,263280,34867737,Posted: 10 September,all,AConfusedOldMan,"Having people support an early access, and then telling them ""You can buy it again for half off!"" is pretty damn sh***y"
76561197999882861,Not Recommended,263280,34869450,Posted: 10 September,all,Nightchills,"http://www.pcgamer.com/spintires-creator-claims-publisher-has-frozen-him-out-of-his-own-game/DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEYThe dev has moved to a new studio and a new release is coming ""MudRunner""http://store.steampowered.com/app/675010/Spintires_MudRunner/Buy Mudrunner !!!!https://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2017/08/18/spintires-mudrunner-announced/Don't support this shady publisher, they are garbage."
,Recommended,263280,28750703,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mahula,"Honestly, if it weren't for the mods (vehicle and map add-ons) I would not recommend Spintires due to the lack of content and variety the core game has at the full price. I personally feel it's a good deal on sale at $15 or less for any driver gamer. With all the mods I've seen, it's barely worth the full price ($30) to me. Maps are downloaded and added manually. None are thru Steam at this time.This is also, somewhat, a niche game; off-road simulation/sandbox-ish.You choose a map and your vehicles and choose what you want to do:Rock climb, race/mudder/mudding, explore, test/derp in the different vehicles or actually try to complete the objectives which ever way you want to try.My complaints that I can live with are: there is only 1 set of engine sounds. Every vehicle sounds the same. The camera angles are horrible. And my SLI rig doesn't seem to like something about the game.This game isn't for everybody. Check out videos of different gameplay and see if it's for you.BTW, I do have a T150 steering wheel. The steering wheel itself and force feedback does add so much to immerse yourself into the game."
,Recommended,263280,15250455,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Tomcat9700,Love this game and the overall look of the game is one of a kind... moddding? OMG
76561198106513317,Not Recommended,263280,34468369,Posted: 24 August,all,summerkaymike,"Sell a game fail to fulfil the promised features basically add nothing, then take these features add them to another game (the game which we thought we was buying) and sell it again.Very untrustworthy devs i bought this as a full game not a tech demo."
,Not Recommended,263280,17936550,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,CelsiuZ,"This game came out and it looked so fantastic, and it was for a short time.Then Ovee showed its real ugly head and just broke the game. Its been out for over a year, nothing has changed in the game so far.Things we still dont have:Multiplayer savesMod suportMultiple new mapsNew featuresMultiple save filesNow you might say: Well duh obviously they havent done this. But before you dismiss it as me complaining for the sake of complaining. These features were promised to us MONTHS AGO. They keep delaying it and then never speaking about it again, and it sucks. The devs and the managing company of this game do not get along.We were witness to a very nasty and public fight between the lead dev and the management company where the dev accused the company of trying to steal the product, censoring him and locking him out of developing for the game.Ovee, the managing company first dismissed it as lies, but broke under public pressure and apologized both to the dev and the community for lying to us.Since then they have posted numerous time lines, and updates of development that can be summed up like this: ""We had a meeting, we talked about features and updates we wanted to do, but we achieved nothing"".Dont get this game. Ovee does not deserve to recieve more cash for this game. The game is ""okay"" at best at its current stage, as Ovee with every small update introduces numerous game breaking bugs that they are incapable of fixing. Not to mention that every patch they put out will corrupt your save files. So dont think you can keep a game going for a while.Let us vote with our wallet, and stop supporting this game untill it ends up with another managing corperation. If Ovee wont support the dev and the community, the community will not support them.Rise my friends, run away!"
76561198008061525,Not Recommended,263280,29687649,Posted: 4 February,all,Lindenmooch,"DUMPED by the dev/pub after they had horrible relations with each other. Speculation and backlash abound!  Such tragedy. Very sad.  However, game is in a mostly stable, ""finished"" state here on Steam, and runs excellent on my modest machine.  Great fun for a while, hauling timber around and such.  HOWEVER, many things were promised ages ago, and many comedians and actors have died since, yet none such promises have come to fruition.  Shame I cannot recommend an abandoned project, even if it did have great potential.10/10.  Would wonder if a game would ever be finished again."
,Recommended,263280,19129189,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,The Teronator,"Great game if you like trucking and want to have challenge in your game. There's some issues with developers and community, but I really like this game though since game is playable and I don't see nothing wrong about it.Game even has a multiplayer, so you can work as a team and build up your teamwork skills with each other.Two tips: ""Don't get stuck"" and ""think before you act""."
,Recommended,263280,10456551,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,FDR Logging,"Journal Entry 1We have decided to start things off with a crawl through the mud and explore the deep forest's sloppy loose ground. We both select the 8 wheel monster unimog. I start it up, a gritty deep pumping sound echoes as I kick her into gear, A billow of black diesel smoke bursts from the stacks... nothing like the smell of rollin coal in the mornin... off we go.Journal Entry 2After pitting ourselves against a few easy mud holes we decide to cross the roaring river. My buddy goes first, boom he drives off the shore and nose dives into the river, he takes a small amount of damage from water getting in his intake. The current is smashing up against his truck but due to the trucks weight its not going anywhere. My turn, I take a more gentle approach and kinda softly lay the front end into the water and creep across, this approach allowed the truck to level out more gently and keep the intake above water. Once we emerged from the other side the mud was mostly washed off the tires revealing the thick gnarly tread.Journal Entry 3My buddy has finally met a mud hole that bested his truck, He is up to his windows in a pit of mud, spinning his tires and tossing large chunks of earth every which way.... ""Your gonna have to give me a push"" he says.... ok here we go.... I slam it into gear and plow ahead through the soupy mud, im not getting much speed but this should be enough.... WAM! I smack right into his rear end pushing his truck enough to give it some traction, he just barely crawls out.... but now we have a problem.... I'm now wedged in his previous position ...stuck... for a quick second all this could remind me of was curling..... one rock bumps out the other...Journal Entry 4I spun, locked and unlocked my diffs, ripped and turned leaving a horrid gouge in the ground... take that mother nature... My buddy decided to try and hit me from the side but his efforts have now landed onto his side and unable to move....crap... Luckily him hitting me allows some movement, after about 15-20 mins of slowly grinding my truck inch by inch through the mud backwards I am able to get traction on the bank and dig out. Now I gotta get my buddy turned back on his wheels.. I loop around and try to ram his side to knock him upright.... well... I miss calculated a hill during my trajectory... my truck flips over on its side literally facing my buddies window.... now were looking directly at each other flipped over on our sides in almost like a mirror image.... ""hi"" he says..... we both burst out laughing.... RESTART!Journal Entry 5After starting over we have now taken on the roles of loggers, we rig out our trucks with large cranes and a short jeep trailer behind us. We start trekking north in search for the lumber we need to collect and haul back. Along the way we come across another viscous mud hole, my buddy charges forward and boom stuck.... I run up behind him to push and also bottom out... darn were both stuck.... now what? ... Well these handy dandy self loading trucks are able to dispense their hydrolic crane arms! We both pull out our crane rigging and begin to push and heave into the ground, their is so much power that the crane easily lifts the truck out of the mud, we fiddle around pushing each other and spider walking our trucks through the mud until we are free.Journal Entry 6Its finally nighttime, The trucks headlights kick in and shine gloriously off the dark trees and lighting up the old overgrown roads. Our truck's rigging smashes and clangs as we run over large rocks and trees, the whole feeling is very rugged and industrial. We finally arrive at our destination, a small logging camp with piles of timber already processed and waiting to be loaded. We are both far too tired after the long drive, time to head for bed and load up our trailers in the morning ;)"
,Not Recommended,263280,10796396,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TommyK154,"Edit 2: To be blunt, this ""game"" aka tech demo still is crap with little content, and now the publisher isn't paying the guy who made this game, so now more than ever:DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEYes the physics are fantastic. Yes the terrain deformation is fantastic, until you realize all you'll be doing in this game is getting stuck in this OP mud as soon as you carry any load. This isn't an off-road simulator, its a winching simulator because all you do is get stuck in mud. There is no rock crawling or technical off-roading where you have to worry about articulation or angles, just mud. The devs found how to make cool mud in video games and just put it everywhere. I remember during a YouTube live stream the devs admitted they never actually had any off-roading experience. This should have been a red flag for me and IT SHOULD BE A RED FLAG FOR YOU, because it definitely shows in the game.Furthermore, this is still nothing more than a glorified tech demo at its current stage. There is VERY little to do in it. Maybe if they continue to update this with more things to actually do it will be worth the price, but in its current form I feel like I wasted $26 (I got it on sale) on the same game that was a free demo a few months ago, with the addition of moving logs... Yippie. Unless there are some MAJOR content updates for this game, save your money and get the free demo, because you really won't be missing out on anything at this point.This is a great physics engine but the people behind SP should give the rights to a studio that can make an actual video game with it.Edit: just to be clear, this review is coming from someone with 45+hrs on Euro Truck Sim 2 and 100+hrs on Microsoft Flight Sim X. I can appreciate a good sim/casual/therapeutic/whatever game. This is not one of those games."
76561198030646348,Recommended,263280,32326466,Posted: 10 June,all,snaplp,Great game for co op
76561198051823844,Not Recommended,263280,31550746,Posted: 4 May,all,special boy,"I'd really like to reccomend this game, but the thirty dollar price tag, plus the fact the devs have been radio-silent since nearly 2016. It's a really good game if you like big trucks and realistic mud and suspension, but please, for your own good, don't get this game unless you truly want it, because there have been no updates since mid-2016.I'll update this review if any updates happen or something along those lines, otherwise, save your money."
76561198006681349,Not Recommended,263280,34334927,Posted: 18 August,all,Anubis,"Hell no! This game went through Development hell and now to make up for their 2 year loss, they will release the same game with a different name!? HELL NO! dont't do it!"
,Recommended,263280,10543395,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,AR12Gaming,"Such an amazing game! May not look like your type of game at first but after playing, I fell in love with it. Get together a group of friends and enjoy one of the most amazing games this year!"
,Not Recommended,263280,34559208,Posted: 28 August,all,Flashbang,"DO NOT BUY THIS SCAM ""GAME"" !!!!This is BULLS----I bought this game when it was first relesed as early access. Now insted of finnishing this game, They take everything from this unfinished game, change the name and force us to buy the same game with a new name.If i had know then what i know now, i would never have wasted my money!! I WANT A REFUND!"
76561198140812019,Not Recommended,263280,12437709,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,brobmeade,"Good idea and platform, but it's not even close to $30.00 worth of content, it has 7 different trucks (though 2 are pretty much useless) 5 maps, no single player career (it doesnt even save your progress inbetween maps), no mod support and no steering wheel support. The Dev's are dishonest and string people along and just use the same excuses  ""we're a small team it takes a while"" ""we are really busy everyone is working their♥♥♥♥♥off"" ""our only programmer is on vacation for a month"" and than get their shills to repeat the same thing, ignoring the fact that these were things THEY promised us in a few weeks not 3 or 4 months.  When the game came out they promised major updates with in the following few weeks, a few months later the list has gotten smaller and it keeps getting pushed back.  My biggest hope for this game is that Ovee gets bought out and some one who has their s*** together starts managing this project because it has huge potential but it seems to take them for ever to impliment the biggest changes. By late 2015 early 2016 this should be an amazing game, till than don't hold your breath."
,Not Recommended,263280,32312632,Posted: 10 June,all,SmileOnSpeedDial,"Developers said updates were coming.No updates from devs in over a year.Edited for clarification.The game IS worth around $5-$10 in its current state however do not buy at full price. Its basically still a tech demo.EDIT: Lead developer managed to get the game back and a new publisher, seems like this is a lost cause so be sure to check out the new game instead which looks promising:http://store.steampowered.com/app/675010/Spintires_MudRunner/"
,Recommended,263280,12275158,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Fulysic,"Bought this game for something to fulfill my weekend and im dam glad I did get it, wish i bought this ages agoLets look at the game i give honest opinion, there is alot of things that could be changed in the game, but the  way the developers have put it together they have made it work.Pros:Game looks great and is not to much load on your PC, handling is also has a great feel to it, the multilayer side of it works well if you play  with friends, maps are just the right size to have fun on them, controller support i used a mixture of gamepad and keyboard which is not really necessary but work well for me.Cons:Camera view and camera control can be rather frustrating at times, no vehicle select when choosing your map, sounds are a little odd at times, no wheel support at the time of this review, few extra buttons would be great, multilayer lobby campers people with rooms that never start the gameOverall its a good game and can be quite addictive and easy to loose track of time, the main reason i delayed buying this game was due to no wheel support, but after playing it im not sure if its highly important, thew is room for improvement and it does leave door wide open to DLC not sure what future holds for this game but im hope its a good one.Very enjoyable is it worth the price I would say yes."
76561198073533410,Recommended,263280,23759946,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ZYXAXO,"Not one of best offroad simulator. IT IS  BEST OFFROAD simulator of all time. But, allways is but, BUT with worst developer support i ever seen. Game is dead, just modders community keep SpinTires alive....Terrible... Because this game have a very very very big potential.amen"
76561198061729770,Recommended,263280,25555268,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,DakotaP227,"1. Boot up Spintires2. Select Map (Ususally NW Trails for me)3. Select Trucks (SID and Brute are modding Baes)4. Begin Trailing5. Accidentally Flip Truck6. Get in Rescue Truck7. Accidentally Flip Rescue Truck8. Take 5 Min Break9. Rescue both trucks to garage10. Repeat steps 4-1010/10 Would Flip AgainIn all seriousness though, this is one of my favorite games ever. One of the only accurate offroad simulators out there. And it is highly modable! I dont play the actual game itself very often, most of my time is spent on trialing maps driving around in mods, very rarely do i do the logging maps. However, those are very fun aswell.NOTE: It takes a long time and A LOT of patience to get good at the game. If you dont have any patience, dont waste your time. However if you have the time and patience, and love a good challenge, this is the game for you!PROS: Great gameplay, lots of fun, highly moddable, easily moddable, great challengeCONS: Biggest problem i have with the game is the camera, im not a massive fan of the camera, it takes a long time to get used to and it can be very derpy at times, however there are a few mods out there that help with it"
76561197984584684,Recommended,263280,19738344,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Nova,"Are you an American? Do you love driving big trucks through the mud? Do you hate communism and Soviet vehicles?Then this is the game for you! Enjoy crashing, rolling, destroying and just generally lighting on fire these soviet machines of mass pollution!Are you UNAmerican?! Do you love driving big trucks through the mud? Do you love communism and Soviet vehicles?Then this is the game for you! Enjoy beating the hell out of these masterpieces of rugged engineering. Drowned your truck in river? It O.K. comrade, perfectly good new dam. Light your engine on fire? It O.K. comrade, perfectly good bonfire to keep warm now. Roll down a hill? Great new forest kabin. Successfully complete a map on Co-Op with your friends? YOU GO TO GULAG for kapitalist witchcraft!Oh yeah, and the physics and co-op and technical driving aspect are good too..."
,Recommended,263280,12754154,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dripping Rotten Flesh,"Spin Tires is the premier 4x4 game available today. It's physics and graphics blow away any other 4x4 game on the market. If you want an off-road simulation game, then look no further than Spin Tires. It does have a few bugs, but those are over-shadowed by the fun that can be had playing a game with friends. Just when you think you've got a map or a route figured out, everything can and may go wrong. You may have taken a trail a few dozen times before without fault, then suddenly find your truck buried in the mud or worse yet, rolled onto it's side, dumping your load of lumber in the process. I keep playing it for the unpredictability inherent in such a game. You just never know how the game will play out. You may complete a game without fail or you may fail, fail and fail again. In my opinion, the best part of the game is when you fail, then overcome your fail by getting that truck out of the situation you put it in, then use it to deliver a load to the objective."
,Recommended,263280,12714592,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,//SandCrew//headon,"I am simply gonna say this game is AWESOME!update: this game has ruined it for other games in my steam account, been playing it at least 6-8 hours in the past 2 days, despite its simplisty, there is too much do apart from carrying logs, especially when playing it hardcore, since you`ll have to tow the other trucks, refuel them, repair them, in case they got damaged or ran out of fuel, so a single log delivery takes more than just a loading taking the road and unloading, cuz you simply cannot expect what will happen, you might damage your car on the way or run out of fuel, it`s just the kind of game I was looking for, and by the way this is only the original game, there are alot of mods you can install for it!original review:-I purchased it less than aday ago and I have already gone 8 hours on it, if your outdoorsie, love off-roading even for a little bit, this is the game for u.- I come from a background of truckers and off-roaders where my grandfather was a hardcore heavy machinery, with trucks parts everything business and my uncles are all truck drivers or off roaders. so when I saw this game on steam for 40% I was like what is that game, clicked on it, watch some videos and was amazed by how great it looks, and the mud, omg the mud, my this thing is the best off-road simulator ever.- it is the exact feeling and effect I get when I drive my nissan xterra and jeep liberty in the mud or off roading, the engine roaring, the exhaust of the trucks, the water everything bring back memories, the only thing that is missing is the smell of diesel when u step on a truck, it`s just amazing.-visuals:- the game utilizes an engine call veeEngine, which is basically made specificly for this game, and is build from the ground up, so it`s perfectly optimized for pc, along with all the physics, altering enviorment, ground etc, and water, it won an intel award in 2009 using direct x9 technologies.the game looks surprisingly good, I swear man when I saw the videos I was like, damn it my system wont be able to play it since it looks so good, I have sli gtx 670 4gb, and believe it or not it only uses 60% of only 1 gtx 670 for a 1440p monitor, this is crazy, this engine puts other engines to shame, and yes I may dare to say cryengine 3 or whatever it name is, maybe a notch below but cmon this game can be played with intel graphics with ease, and it makes me wonder why others game are not utilized like this, all I have to say in visuals is that this engine opened a new possibilies in pc gaming that we never saw before.- gameplay:- I know I havn`t played much, but the mud playing, engine roaring and nice effects make this game very re-playable, cuz the ground never stays the same, the roads are the same but what happens is that u maybe lucky and encounter a dry road or a very muddy, lacky road, it depends, and thats whats great about this game, controls are very easy and it has full controller support, so u can play with mouse keyboard or gamepad or of course a wheel.also you get to do simple missions such as transporting lamber wood, and parts, there are trucks scattered all around the map that unlock when ur close to them, and believe me when I tell u every truck drives and feels very different, the devs did a really good job in simulating the real feel driving off-road. if get stuck in the mud u go back to garage grab a good toing truck to get ur truck out ofmud. it`s just there is too much to do, there is even a multiplayer that I havn`t got into yet.- value:- I mean really it depends, I purchased this game for 18$ and its original price is 30$, for me I would gladly pay 30$ why? cuz this is a game that I would actually play, I have like 20 or 30 games in my account that I havn`t even played it, I just keep buying them and stacking them up cuz they were in discount, I stopped doing that and starting to look only for the games that I am seriously into, and this game is one of them, I mean I can`t get enough of it, there is too much to do in this game. the only problem is that the game feels a bit incomplete, but there are very minor bugs so the game is perfectly playable.if you thinking of buying it just do it if your into this kind of gaming style :)"
,Not Recommended,263280,35034129,Posted: 17 September,all,Dr Ymath,"Been patiently waiting on updates for this game for years, and now a ""new"" version ia being sold and this is being dumped. What a kick in the face to your loyal players."
76561198079410708,Recommended,263280,23755180,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ford7000Man,Awesome Game! Great physics! Love it so much! It's a great muddling game and now we have the mod workshop it makes it even better! 9/10
,Recommended,263280,30703363,Posted: 24 March,all,Devilswork,Great game if you like off roading and mudding. Lots of mods for trucks and maps so if you get bored of the maps it comes with. Don't even need a really good computer to play it.
,Recommended,263280,25649304,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,✿ Blinky ♥,"While I've rarely enjoyed driving games, I was flabberghasted by how much I was taken in by Spintires. The below lists my impressions on its respective pros and cons:Pros:You drive large, powerful, Russian Military trucks that rumble over most terrain with ease.The graphics are impressive, and don't even take that much processing power to render beautifully.While the base game only comes with 8 vehicles, and 6 maps, great modding support for the game makes up for it.It feels like a peaceful game. A great way to wind down after a long day and mellow out.Fun and functional game mechanics.A steep initial learning curve, but very easy to get used to in a short time.Again: Big, beastly Russian military trucks! <3 I've always found such kinds of truck overwhelmingly awesome, which is what compelled me to try the game out.Lots of fun extra features are planned for release in future updates.Cons:With each update to the game, it looks like your saves are rendered invalid, erasing your progress for a specific map. Luckily, you likely won't depend on saves THAT much, as most maps don't take overly long to finish. Updates to the game haven't been very regular either, so it's not much of a worry.No multiplayer VoIP, and text chat feels unoptimized. If your Steam username contains special ACSII symbols, they have to be edited out first, otherwise the multiplayer chat can't send any message you type.No first-person, cabin view of your truck. Driving is done from a third-person view, or from a fixed camera just above your truck's cab. You'd figure that this would be a basic feature for a driving game, however the developers have listed this as a future feature yet to be introduced.No tracked vehicles. Another feature that's set to be introduced later. Given the terrain you get to drive through, vehicles with tank-tracks will not only be freaking sweet, they'll be supremely helpful =)I fully recommend this title. whether you enjoy driving games, the aesthetic of Russian military vehicles, the idea of logging in the Russian Taiga, or any combination of those points. Spintires provides both a relaxing gaming experience, as well as a challenging one, should you choose it to be. Прощай, and happy logging!"
76561198069434774,Not Recommended,263280,12595866,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,cyzed,"I had high hopes for this because the tech demo was briliant and supported mods. I probably have more time playing the tech demo than the full release because it doesn't support mods. The developers first said that mods were gonna be supported at release, didn't happen. Then they said it should be an update in 2 weeks that is gonna add support, didn't happen. Now 5 months after release they say there is an update comming, hmm...should I thrust them? I'll believe it when I see it ;)"
,Not Recommended,263280,34492937,Posted: 25 August,all,=EGC= _Nite_,"I wanted to like this game, but it has such horrible camera movement when driving around"
,Recommended,263280,10475669,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,AlphaDiode ©,"Time, patience, skill and the heart to watch your truck and payload rollover into a ditch without throwing your computer out the window are what you'll need to play this game. It's brutally hard and unforgiving but an extremely satisfying offroad simulator. The premise is very basic. Explore and unlock (or decloak as they call it) the map to reveal hidden vehicles and structures. Collect them and then proceed to deliver loads of lumber to the designated sites. You can customize your vehicles loadouts and tools at garages you've unlocked and use the map and compass to plan your route. You'll need it, plan or drive poorly and you'll be rewarded with a mouthful of mud/water and trying again.There are repair trucks, refueling trucks, winch/rescue trucks and loading cargo trucks some even with their own fully operable cranes. There are also smaller scout vehicles like jeeps for mapping and finding the points of interest. Escort your delivery trucks with the needed support vehicles to ensure they arrive safely at their destination. The game support mulitplayer sessions as well and this is where it really shines, allowing you to form offroad convoys with your friends and help each other out, each person filling a needed roll in the convoy.Its sandbox style maps allow you to go anywhere and do anything at any time. My only gripe is the game lacks a traditional save/load feature. It saves continously and automatically saves as you play and you can quit at any time and can continue later where you left off. But you can't save half way through an attempted delivery or before a risky maneuver and then reload if things go horribly wrong (which they frequently do). This means if you screw up, you have to either reset your vehicle and try again or attempt to winch yourself out of trouble and continue the fight. This can be both intensely frustrating or satisfying if you're really hardcore about it. It certainly teaches you to be careful and not drive with reckless abandon. Regardless, there needs to be an option for it IMO.The devs have promised regular updates and content additions in the following months which is good and we'll see. But for a kickstarter backed, small dev project it's remarkably polished and delivers alot of offroad driving pleasure.8.5/10 overall"
76561198033172546,Not Recommended,263280,10495953,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,hangemhigh,"Im sorry, no matter how much I want to like it, I just cant. I have listed complaints as suggestions to the developers.Multiplayer ComplaintsRandom people join games and you cannot kick them if they are annoying.If the server crashes, then you loose connectivity on the client (well kinda obvious) but you also loose all progress (hours of work)There is no saving multiplayer.Multiplayer depends on the steam networking (i.e. you must be signed into steam)All Multiplayer vehicles of the same type spawn on top of each other, causing damage to vehicles due to collisions when you drive awayThere is no mechanism to drive another players vehicleRejoining a game that you disconnected from  (i.e. game crash) requires you to unlock all acheivements again (even if the server has stayed online).If another player switches trucks, it dissapears. If they switch back it reappears, even if you are driving on top of it.Complaints for the Game in GeneralWhile the destructible mesh is great, and its really cool it remembers the form of destruction along with the heightmap, dont you think that its a little too much mud? Very far on the unrealistic side coming from a person who worked logging in the mountains. Spring runnoff only causes so much mud. Also while there are some awesome 3 meter mudholes, not every mudhole needs to be that deep. Realistically there should be a mechanism to dump pebbles into a mudhole, or more appropriatly sacrifice some poorly tapered logs to the worst mudholes.There needs to be a visible minimap, and perhaps a cab driving perspective (preferably with secondary cameras on each side showing the tire position). If you want to go for realism, only the drivers side.Gear shifting mechanics need to be adjusted (I dont know about Russian trucks, but many of this era truck had spider gears, or at least more than 3 gears). Furthermore the gear transitions are mouse based and non granular, this is problematic.What exactly is the crane for? It cant seem to move the trucks, nor pickup logs. Kinda cool, but wished it did something."
,Recommended,263280,12577648,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Ehrrow,"Most People when they look at buying SpinTires look at its 30$ price tag and think ""is it worth it""I know there are bugs still andsome framerate hiccupswhe you park a lage amount of vechicles in one area and another bug would be when 2 light sorces in one area it will make the only area you can see is where youre headlights are   ...  granted you dont need them to see at night anyways as wellthe long log cart can sometimes have a tire bug out and go undergroundthis has only ever happened when at the garage area attaching it.now im done with the bugs  The gameplaycan be grindy at timesbut other times you will ither befrustaratedor flying to thefinish with a grinthe game isdesigned to be a challengeso it can get frusarating when you flip over your biggest truck or you could have a clear run with no hiccups and be like ""yea its done"" but thebest runsare where youre going in blind and juding the landscape before action andcreating a struggle within the gameto get to the objective without fliping or breaking your truck as well as making sure you have enough fuel for your ventures  on those runs you will be smileing because you overcame a challenge not because it was a uneventful jouny.Graphics areasstounding the mud and vechicle deformation is the best ive seenthe only other games ive seen that goes into this level is Beam NG Drive ( same devepoers of Rigs of Rods) , Next Car Game , Rigs Of Rods , of course these games are damaged based this one ismud based and the damage physics on the trucks seems to not be affectid by what you hit where you it itunlike the games i listedMultiplayer- the multiplayer within SpinTires is local host so you can haveup to 4 people in one game session there are some sync bugs that have yet to be patchedbut this feture can speed up game sessions andhelp new people to the game learn how to react to there inviroment accordinglyand of course play with youre friends / palsin my ownopinionthis game is worth the 30$ price tag if you intend on playing it for awhileand ifyou like challenge as well as acheivement huntingsome aheavements are a challenge in themself as well as this the gameSupportsmodding whichextends its playability and can even bring to light more styles of gameplayone being topoencially build bridges of all kinds when it comes to getting across a river or vally"
,Not Recommended,263280,31880015,Posted: 21 May,all,IDGAF Anymore,"The game itself, besides the camera, is great. The physics, graphics, and the mods available are wonderful. BUT, the game has been abandoned for over a year now.  A First-Person camera was promised to be almost finished in JAN 2015 but now, over 2 years later, we still only have the crappy 3rd person camera. If you manage to find this game on a huge discount, get it, but at the current state of abandonment, $30 is just way to much."
76561198026998378,Recommended,263280,30988161,Posted: 6 April,all,KimchiKimchi,"Great game if you like abusing Soviet era trucks in a largely aimless, chilled out, semi-sim setting.+Lovely deformable terrainDrowning trucks in deep waterDiff-locks, winches, cranesDecent physics (at low speeds: see below)Towing/hauling heavy trailersModding community!Can run on older/low end PCs-Devs; pretty much abandoned development wiseHandling at higher speeds gets all 'floaty' and unrealisticCamera controls can be a PITA sometimesOutside of delivering some logs, no other tasks/questsIf you like off-roading/driving games and don't mind the lack of development (the modders alone keep this game supplied with fresh content) or the almost total lack of scripted activities, I'd say definetly give it a look. Consider it more a semi-realistic free roaming off-road sandbox and you won't be far wrong."
,Recommended,263280,22350311,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,soidutS neveS hsaD,"After playing a mere 4 hours of the game since I bought it yesterday, I feel like I can safely write a review.Reasons I put off buying for so long:-Played the demo ages ago and got bored, plus it performed badly.-Slightly expensive.-Seemed very 1-ended, very linear.-Thought I would bore of it in mere minutes.Reasons I finally bought the game:-I had some money and couldn't decide what to do with it.-My brother really wanted me to get it.Reasons this game is absolutely AMAZING:-I have a GTX960 for a GPU, and while some other games stutter, this game gives a CONSTANT 60 FPS on absolute HIGHEST settings.  The graphics in this game areINSANELYnice looking!-The developers have done an amazing job with the physics of the trucks; I love the ""heavy"" feeling of the vehicles.  Each truck handles differently than each other, and each one has its own challenges to overcome!-Every single part on the vehicles seems to be animated, from the suspension to the chains and hooks.-Immense customization for each vehicle, you can make a whole fleet of loggers, tankers and rescue trucks!-A nice array of maps to choose from, with the ability to  choose starting vehicles.  Each map is extremely well made!-The developers have made literally EVERYTHING on the map interactive; from the deformable terrain (you will hate mud after you finish playing for a while), to rocks, trees, and bushes!-A nice career feel to the game, with you having to first go ahead and scout to remove cloaking from the map, as well as find paths to fuel stations and lumberyard/objectives.-Trucks burn fuel at different levels depending on each model, and whether dif lock and AWD are enabled.-Controls are very easy to set up, and are simplistic from the beginning.-The game really requires you to think about the route you are taking, in order to not cause damage to your truck or load.-An excellent group of devs as well as a phenomenal community of modders!Reason the game could be better:-The ONLY complaint I have that would make the game better would be an interior camera.  The camera options as of now leave a lot to be desired, and make it very difficult to see at some points.OverviewAll-in-all, the pros of this game FAR outweigh the cons, and there is absolutely NO reason not to buy this game!  I would not hesitate to buy it again, even if it was 10-15 dollars more expensive (which I honestly think they could get away with).FINAL SCORE: 9.8/10"
76561198040740235,Recommended,263280,31051680,Posted: 9 April,all,Scars n Stripes,"Lots of controversy surrounding this game and its development, etc.  I don't care though, still one of the all time best sandbox type vehicle games I've ever played.  Hours of fun!"
76561198017854833,Not Recommended,263280,15337932,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,zaarrd,"The game has been out almost a year. They've made no significant improvements. Actually the game has regressed. The game lobby now looks like it was made on win 98 with a crt monitor. The multiplayer lobby is a joke and multiplayer is unplayable because of disconnects.Sorry Oovee but you suck at improving this game. Sell it to someone who cares and can improve it.Too bad, because it's an off road game that had huge potential and they pisssed it away."
76561198058002113,Recommended,263280,30580337,Posted: 17 March,all,Jouklik,"You can master your off-road driving skills in here!Stuck one truck in the mud, take a second truck to help the first truck get out of the mud. Stuck the second truck!"
76561198048587276,Recommended,263280,13190944,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,รкг๏๏ℓ๏๏รε,"I find it strange that I like this game as much as I do. After all I get easily frustrated and angry when I get my car stuck in the snow. But I find SPINTIRES delightful and satisfying from how much hard work it forces you to put into it.SPINTIRES is a game that puts you in the middle of some isolated forest or marsh, and your goal is to deliver logs from the lumber yard to the mill. Sounds straightforward.However, the terrain will prove to be your biggest obstacle. Most 'roads' are nothing more than muddy trenches, destinations sit at the top of steep hills, and it will become necessary to haul logs and trailers through rivers...which may end in disaster. Fortunately, you have some pretty hefty trucks at your disposal, a couple of which can barrel over smaller trees with no problem.The aforementioned satisfaction comes from trudging through the mud and reaching your destination with your load intact. There's a wonderful sense of accomplishment when you get your vehicle stuck and manage to winch yourself to a tree and pull yourself out.The physics SPINTIRES is something to boast about. The terrain changes under your tires, depending on the vehicle you're operating; mud gets kicked up, roads get chewed up, small bridges might collapse under your weight.You can play more casually by respawning your vehicle to an unlocked garage or not have to worry about shifting gears manually. But there is a hardcore mode where respawning is disabled, providing a more realistic experience; if your vehicle is stuck submerged in a river, you need a bigger truck to pull it out.Even so, at the start of each level your traveller's map will be covered in black spots. To uncover these, for better or for worse, you need to drive to the source of these spots to remove the cloaking. This promotes more aggressive exploration, though this is more of a negative than a positive for some players, as there is no option to have the entire map visible.There is a multiplayer option in SPINTIRES as well as steering wheel support, though there are many people who have had issues with both lately. Briefly glancing through forums, there might be some fixes that can clear up these issues, but hopefully the developers will look into the problems quickly and patch them out.All in all, I highly recommend SPINTIRES. I've sunk a lot of hours into delivering logs across a marsh and walked away feeling satisfied and very entertained. Sounds strange, but, if you give it a try, you might be surprised at how fun it can be."
,Recommended,263280,33648096,Posted: 19 July,all,Heaven Eyes,The manliest game on Steam.13/10  would get stuck in mud again.
,Recommended,263280,30846319,Posted: 30 March,all,TTG XYvSTUvYX,"G27/G29 H Pattern this game is amazing, easy to use multiplayer lobbies, a ton of downloads in the steam workshop plus the extra maps you can download. well worth $6, the amount of good times ive had 4x4ing with mates rescuing each other as we bugger up and roll over, this game needs a leaderboard so we can see who is the fastest a getting the jobs done though."
,Recommended,263280,10466073,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,|DD| Agent-715,"Very impressive game for a game that requires less than 1GB (around 500-600MB). Made a good list about the game that I have been listing since I first played the game.PRO:- Terrain can be deform (mud puddles), trail marks- The exhaust pipes shakes violently and spew thick smoke when gasing the trucks- Realistic water physics- The physics on the vehicles (speed, weight, balance, etc.)- Maps are decent sizes, and each area has its own unique full of challenges- Small trees can be run over- 4 Co-op muliplayer- Suspensions are realisitcs- Vehicles of all sizes, ranging from the UAZ (Jeep) to the monstrous 8x8 Maz.- Winching is fun and very useful. You can attach it to both other vehicles and trees if you are ever stuck or need to pull out a player from the ditch.- Attaching a crane to your truck, to pick up lumber, move rocks out of the way and sometimes to help push the truck up.- Trucks take damage, and consume fuel. You can install a utility addon for mobile repairs, or a fuel cistern for re-fueling in the field.CONS:- Camera need to have different choices for the player to pick- Maps should be different such as winter, desert, and a village would be nice- More players to be in the muliplayer (Should have 6-8 players rather than 4, feels lonely in certain areas with other players)- The only official objective is to bring lumber, could use more different objectives- Only one map will save your progress at a time (each map should have their own saves)- Point of veiw distance should be customizable, noticed some areas are blurry even with settings maxed.- Vehicle should be customizable such as colors, headlights, your own insigna on the doors- More vehicles, maybe a tank? :DOverall a great game that I can play on my laptop when I am away from home. :D"
76561198040060913,Not Recommended,263280,34848699,Posted: 9 September,all,Memento64,"!!!ALERT!!! THIS IS NOT THE GAME YOU'RE LOOKING FOR. !!!ALERT!!!!!!A NEWER VERSION OF THE GAME IS BEING RELEASED IN OCTOBER CALLED ""SPINTIRES: MUDRUNNER""!!!!!!OOVEE GAME STUDIOS IS NOT THE DEVELOPER ANY MORE.IT IS NOW SABRE INTERACTIVE AND THE GAME IS BEING PUBLISHED BYFOCUS HOME INTERACTIVE. IT IS UNKOWN IF PAVEL ZAGREBELNYJ IS STILL A PART OF THE TEAM OR ANYONE ELSE WHO WORKED ON SPINTIRES!!!!!!DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE OLD VERSION!!!!!!ALREADY OWN IT? YOU CAN BUY MUDRUNNER FOR 55% OFF!!!"
76561198203694385,Recommended,263280,32293440,Posted: 9 June,all,Matthias,"good looking game with realistic mud, water and vehicle suspention.also has lots of addons"
76561198081032253,Recommended,263280,24312546,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,gxsmith,"This is the best off road experience you can get in a game. Awesome graphics and physics. When you unlock an achievment it is really quite an accomplishment. Game is extremely hard but rewarding when reaching goals.  Oh yeah, did I mention the Mods, many new trucks, jeeps, 6wd, even monster trucks to choose from. Simply beautiful. Highly recommend."
76561198321652746,Recommended,263280,26342196,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Reaper,yes this is a good game i would like it more if thay would give the maps in the workshop
,Recommended,263280,23055067,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Du.Niao | CHINA,"I would like to add some weather systems and animals to the game. For example, rain, snow, sunny, winter, wolves, birds, tigers... So the game will be better, not so lonely我希望可以在游戏中添加一些天气系统和动物。比如说下雨、下雪、晴朗、严冬、狼、鸟、老虎.....这样游戏会更好，不会那么孤独"
76561198022218699,Recommended,263280,12697713,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,porsche944,"Bought on Steam sale. What a great game.Don't believe the doom merchants. This is original & different. You don't even need a killer PC to run it.  I never thought driving simulated trucks in the  mud could be so much fun. Plenty here to keep interest for many hours. Then theres the mods! Maybe one day the devs may finish it! But even if they don't this is well worth your brass as it is. I never reviewed anything before but this game doesn't seem to have had a fair chance.First the forests. Beautiful & just like a Russian forest should be. Only thing no bears. Yes I have been there & it looks just right. Makes you want to pick mushrooms..... Shame to despoil it by driving over trees really ;-)The veachles drive as you would expect that they would. I've driven heavy forestry machines in this country. And a wide variety of heavy tracktors & all wheel drives. Some here some in Russia. The ones that are comparable are great. Low ground pressure tyres do not grip so well on tarmac, Maybe a bit more road noise on tarmac would be more realistic but you can't have everything. Physics very good for the big trucks. The smaller 4x4's bounce too much. Like they don't have dampers. But thats really nit picking.Sounds are fantastic. Engines roaroing. Mud flying. Water foaming. Then when you've turned the thing over. You can listen to the birds & admire the sunrise. Pity you didn't see the narrow bridge in the dark till it was too late........What's not to like. Probaly we have to wait for Spintires 15 for perfection but this will do for now.I can even play it with my kids on my knee as there are nothing to give them nightmares.They say there are bugs. But in a few hours game play I have only once had a truck that got confused about it's diff lock. Recovering it to a garage fixed it.  Snow would be nice. If you havn't seen Russia in the snow you havn't lived. Bit hey theres a mod for that! Morning mists are good.A lot of fun for big kids like me. Pleasantly surpriced by this one. Usually I get something that won't run on my PC in sale.....Well worth a tenner or thereabouts.  Makes a change from killing things..........Buy it on sale & see for your self.Edit,  After playing this again after a break you can see the developement. The little uaz no longer bounces along & is more real. Quite a number of small improvements that add to the imersion. Some new maps. Still no mod support in multiplayer though the devs havn't given up on this & it will come eventually. A better game than it was when first reviewed & getting better. It's also great value at the current price. Still not seen a bear yet but that doesn't mean there aren't any.... Try it & you will see what I mean....This game requires skill & patience. It is not arcade. If your getting stuck too often then try something different. Don't blame the game!!Just a quick update. Dec 2015.  Been awhile since I wrote this & the game now has a mod editer. Steam Workshop support & a great many updates. The devs are still working on it & at some point there should be a map editor. It just keeps getting better. I give it a rest for awhile. Come back & it's improved again. One of my favourites."
76561198317423170,Recommended,263280,32353111,Posted: 11 June,all,Sewage JO,"Camera messed with me at first.  But now that I'm used to It, I wouldn't change it.  Auto zoom should be an option but not a deal breaker.  Overall, I really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,263280,26913958,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bonkers┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩,great game get stuck in the mud even more fun with some mates
76561197999843814,Not Recommended,263280,25737760,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,WheatSnackBread,"I absolutely love this game, and is one of my favorite driving games of all time. Physics are great, trucks look amazing, and TONS of mods. I can't recommend this game though. If you're on the fence about it, I would wait until a price drop. If you're an off-road nut, then you've probably already made up your mind. Oovee and their ""Developer"" seems to have abandoned this game, and even their own message boards."
76561198098564786,Recommended,263280,22896894,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,OLDSKOOL,"The game is really, really, really fantastic. The Steam modding community is amazing and the game itself is fun. But, there is one thing I want the developers to do. Which is to make it playable on a Macbook laptop. Other than that, it's one of my favorite games on my PC library, My PC is not even made for this, being the fact that it has a small processer, but it still runs really smooth. I suggest this to any who wants a realistic offroad simulator or who wants to have fun."
76561197961824023,Recommended,263280,18465265,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Raato,"Great game, it needs a few things though:- Savegames should work better- You can't rejoin a multiplayer game (which sucks if you get disconnected for any reason)fixed!- You can't see other players' extra trucks except in ghost form.- A spectator mode / replay-cam / in-game replay that you could rewind and play back- More maps- More BIGGER maps- More vehicles(new vehicles + steam workshop as of dec. 2015 !)- More missions- More cargo types- More machines of all kinds (trucks, tracked vehicles, harvesters, bulldozers, excavators, bucket loaders, forklifts, road graders/machines for fixing roads etc.)- More workable machines (like the crane, excavators? for loading cargo and manipulating the terrain?)- More weather effects- More, different seasons, winter, autumn..- More everything!I wish they produced the beforementioned things if not free patches to this game then as DLC's or a sequel for this game! Spintires 2, anyone?After playing for hours you're delivering that last patch of timber, you get low on fuel, all your other trucks are stuck on the other side of the map, your rig is starting to stall with flames coming out the exhaust, but, you deliver. Epic.5/5."
,Recommended,263280,12846999,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,6unn3r,"Relaxing fun, your only enemy is the enviroment...and possibly physics."
76561198072917553,Recommended,263280,12819321,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Althor,Its a good game for people that like offroad driving games.
,Recommended,263280,32356138,Posted: 11 June,all,Tiяit chan,Amazing game to play with friends :)
,Recommended,263280,12689177,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,TrevorM98,"The best game there is if you are into mudding, very realilistic graphics, only issue is modding, it is extremely difficult"
,Not Recommended,263280,26050701,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,#Baked#//Fox,I Supported this game when it was alpha have been waiting nearly 6 months for an update that has never happended they have become more focused on the xbox release than providing support for the people on pc that have already payed for it. The only new vehicles come from the community and the level editor seems to just be a carrot on the end of a stick. Its the best offroading game i have played its a real shame that the support has vanished. you can only play 4 or 5 areas so many times before its just boring.......Can't recommend this game untill the support improves or even reappears
76561197987664334,Recommended,263280,12674948,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Eddie Krueger,"The first half hour spent with the game will be riddled with intensive cursing, then you will begin to feel that the differential lock should be on 90% of the time, and when even that wouldn't help, you still can turn on all-wheel driving which will pull you out from almost any situation. At least in casual mode. Anyway, be careful and approach larger bodies of water slowly, because they tend to be deep enough to stall the engine.The game is worth its price, the trucks behave realistically in the deep mud (at least for me, who never experienced deeper than my shoes), but I have to mention one thing: camera handling. That's plain terrible. It's sliding from one side of the truck to the other, and you bet that the truck itself will cover half of your monitor any given time, and you can't see where you are going. But don't let that keep away from this title."
76561198165480221,Recommended,263280,30211991,Posted: 26 February,all,pinkfloydinspace,"If 4 wheel driving is a hobby of yours but you cant get out as often as you would like and have a good wheel and peddles to play with look no further. The physics are impressive and accurate. Watching the mud fly, the tires spin, and the look and feel and experience make this a blast. Lots of community downloads if you want more cool maps and 4 wheel drive vehicles you would never be able to afford.I used to have a 1997 Jeep Wrangler Sport. This brought back a lot of memories. I have a wheel and peddles. I don't even have force feedback and still had a great feel of realism like I never expected. Just like old times!"
76561198058300124,Recommended,263280,11527795,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Maverick,"20 hours done. First impressions.Firstly, I am an experienced 4x4 driver of almost 40 years. I lived and worked in some of the harshest conditions Australia has to offer so I came at this from a fairly high level of knowledge. My experience includes HV rescue.(In this, I'll use the term 4x4 to include the 6 and 8 wheel drives in game for brevity)GRAPHICSReally nice. Modelling is great. My 670gtx on maximum settings sits easily on 60fps with no heat issues.SOUNDSome of the trucks sound great, particularly the turbo diesel variant of the C series. It is very loopy however and more often than not a truck on constant acceleration going through a bog sounds like a 500hp Caterpillar with the Jake Brake operating as it shifts down - through every damn gear. It's more akin to a 60t semi-trailer coming down from highway speed at an intersection. (I know, I hear them everynight where I live).  Scene ambience (if you shut down the engine to hear it) is quite nice to listen to.VEHICLESIn my first playthrough, finding all the different vehicles was a buzz. From a little 4WD to 8 wheel drive behemoths. Unfortunatley, once you have the 8 wheelers, pretty well every other truck becomes redundant in casual mode and I ended up just putting a load on 2 trucks, hooking up a tow and completing the objectives towing the second vehicle behind me regardless of terrain with the older 8WD.CONTROLSGame controls can be confusing. Clearly the game was created for XBox controller and instead of providing for additional PC keybinding, a second level key must be turned on then off to use a combined feature.EG: Turn on V to get winch, connect winch points. I can winch using F but if I want to drive and pull with winch I need to press V again to disable additional  menu.EG: Gear changes in hardcore. I have to press R, then select gear via a silly graphic. Why not keybinds? A VERY common ""debogging"" technique is vehicle rocking. (forward <> backwards motion). This is impossible because of this.CAMERAOMG!! Whatever happened to simple rotation on the object with mouse wheel or even button zoom? Again, it feels like this was designed for dual stick controllers and NOT for PC users. Aside from no cabin view, I'm stuck looking down the side of the vehicle to drive. I can press 1 or 2 to change view direction but that's it.Sure, I can click the screen and rotate and zoom in by pushing the mouse forward, right up until an object (eg: a tree) grabs the FOV and changes it. More than once I had a FFS moment trying to work out where to drive to when there were trees close to me etc. Even a flat overhead view would make this sooooo much better.PHYSICSThe excellence in the mud physics and 4WD capabilities of the vehicles in it is sublime. To watch difflock in operation by placing one side of the vehicle on hard ground is awesome. The ""catching"" you experience with traction pulling on one side is pretty close to authentic.  Climbing out of bogs where front wheels gain traction (or rear in reverse) is right on the money.TERRAINPersistent in SP and this really makes it interesting. I found myself (largely from RL experience) really making an effort not to chew the tracks up too much. Using some track areas repeatedly eventually required winching/towing to get out where previously I could drive straight through.Some of the rocks in this game are stupidly big and unrealistic and have been placed quite stupidly (add to the challenge?) in some places such as around entrance roads etc. Including tree placement!CLOAKING (FOW)Trite, simplistic and very poorly done. (dev skills shortfall?). Large black circles requiring driving blind to the middle to unlock an area. Nothing progressive and no reward for doing recon in vast areas until you actually get to the little ""cloak vortexes"".  An incremental decloak would be soooo much better here or just remove it. It's stupid.WINCHESOh my. Forget chaining up vehicles or doing long snatches out of bogs here. Tiny little cables, no extensions and single winch points. Supposedly it adds to the challenge (that's what they said) but it's so far removed from reality it turns what COULD have been really good fun into a trite -if not frustrating- exercise.The short winches just make driving to the sides of tracks a neccessity and no amount of skilfull driving such as best line is allowed. Recovery out of a long bog or river is as good as impossible and the option is to.... rescue to garage (in casual mode).(I've done rescues at over 150m with triple cabled/chained 4x4's to get semi-trailers out of mud bogs and snatches out of sand dunes with winch extensions - STANDARD FARE in the world of 4WD. Recovery vehicle is ALWAYS hard grounded otherwise it's pointless trying. Duh.)OVERALLA good, fun and casual game with the usual ""skill"" achievements to unlock, some requiring MP mode to complete (WHY?!)The actual driving makes an excellent 4WD simulator but so much of it is extremely arcade in play and really makes a mess of what could have been... brilliant. Too much emphasis on controller and so much of it requires MP to make use of the vehicles in game. Fun as SP but *not* designed specifically for it or around it.""Casual"" is too easy with magic carpet rides to the garage instead of just giving decent recovery tools (which would negate the need for magic carpet rides).""Hardcore"" is  removal of the magic carpet and a stupid difflock on/off system tied to which transmission (M or A) you use!!If the camera is ever fixed - and I mean FIXED - the BS they call cloaking is changed/removed and decent winches to make all vehicles much more important (remove the magic carpet ffs),  this would easily get a 9.As it stands, I give it a solid 7.5. (buy it on special if you can)CONCLUSION: If you have 360 controller and don't know what ""off-road"" is really like, might be a good buy for the fun factor. Don't buy it if you're looking for accuracy as an off-road simulation - it'll fail you.PS: No wheel support guys. A driving sim...... Yep. I know. Apparently it's planned."
76561198050402430,Not Recommended,263280,17902434,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,The ONCE-LER,"Great game, played it for months... But they claimed I withdrew my payment and never gave my money back. I am out the money and still do not have the game.Steam never replied."
76561198286016358,Not Recommended,263280,21594081,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,j615p,This game was great the first couple times i played it. Now it crashes as soon as it starts up. Basiclly I have a $30 icon on my desktop
,Recommended,263280,10500935,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,tehsid,Started game.Selected map.Loaded map.Drove Forward.Got stuck in mud.MuddyGOTY.
,Recommended,263280,13156363,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SinMach1ne,"Russian Road SImulator 2014.I am waiting for DashCam DLC.10/10 Would Road rage againOn a serious note, there is no way of saving progress and from what I heard developers abandoned this game. So pick it up on sale for instant non-permanent fun, nothing much else left to say here.My score: ★★★☆☆"
,Not Recommended,263280,34094327,Posted: 7 August,all,fred durst,cant recommened anymore game has been anbandoned and probably wont be getting any new updates sadly
76561198141084074,Recommended,263280,13698534,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kikiko Mikuto,You tool around in the mud and explore. The game is best played with at least 1 friend--it's such an enjoyable and hilarious experience. It's also interesting due to the different customizations for each truck.
,Recommended,263280,33052336,Posted: 30 June,all,Stabbs [FIN],This is good game...Pros:Hours worth of explorationProbably one of the best off road games out therePhysics are greatAlot of modsMultiplayer with or without modsCons:Becomes repetative after a whileDevelopers doesnt update the gameAll in all 7.5/10
76561197993764059,Recommended,263280,28773333,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sir Trout,"I know this game got some bad reviews, but don't let that stop you from getting it.  I highly enjoyed myself playing it.  I was impressed how great the graphics are.  The game has a realistic feel in that the mud ruts will actually get deeper the more you drive through the same spot....thought that was really cool that the terrain changes depending on your play.  It is an off road sim...nothing else.  I enjoyed getting different trucks stuck (sometimes multiple) and coming up with ways to get them out.  Driving in the woods at night is a realistic challange!  The game runs smooth, no hang-ups or freezes.  The only fault I have is you can't play between different maps and keep you saved games....meaning you have to complete one map at a time in order to keep your saves...a small gripe!"
76561197989589989,Recommended,263280,24642399,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Zacharoni,"Best communist offroad game, sickels down."
,Recommended,263280,23759864,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,RedFox,Best offroad simulator :)
76561198112486038,Recommended,263280,13633163,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The Infamous El Guapo,"Reasons why I bought this game:- I bought this game  because I genuinely want to play it.- If you liked to play with toy cars in the dirt when you were a kid then you'll probably like this.- It's a more meditative type of driving game. Being attentive, methodical and patient are key tonavigating through the game- Most important thing that I liked about this game is the fancy mud and overall physics.- In addition, It wowed me with the crystal clear graphics, bright colors, ... drive into the wilderness, andthe beautiful scenery"
76561197965119042,Recommended,263280,26613974,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,FunkyRomero,"25€ price is far too steep for this game.I'd buy it for 7-10 euros for sure if you can get it around that mark.I recomend this game as CO-OP, normal singleplayer didnt intrest me personally as much of the comedy and enjoyment comes from the dynamic situations and helping eachother get their trucks off the mud, water, trees , everywhere :DIf you can get it for under 10€ from some sale, It is worth it. Spend the remaining 15€ for some alcohol and get your co-op workcrew to a real russian trucker state ^^"
,Recommended,263280,12723248,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,RealDeal,"Great game, 4 player co-op, quite hard game, but once you finish the maps, you feel rewarded. interesting concept and very interesting game."
,Recommended,263280,12871029,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Yukon the Folf,"This game is the best offroad ""simulator"" I have ever played."
,Recommended,263280,26837391,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ChristosK,Unique game with very good mud physics. I love the graphics and the gameplay is very relaxing. A must buy if you enjoy offroad/truck simulators. Mod community is awesome too!
,Recommended,263280,23245764,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Rocket Man,10/10 Mud physics simulator
76561198177071093,Recommended,263280,30740143,Posted: 25 March,all,Luigi,"This game is fun you can drive lots of cars and trucks in this game. It lacks action if you are a person that likes challenging games and puts you up to the test try it other wise just download mods and its 110% better i like it with friends ,but thats it. 8/10"
,Recommended,263280,29346923,Posted: 18 January,all,Hailedbean,"Loved this game, I've had it since it first went to Steam. I had it before that. It's unfortunate that once Oovee has killed the development on it. Haven't had an update in nearly a year. I'd say if you're interested, get it on sale that way you don't have to pay full price for it in all it's unfinished state."
76561197982729443,Recommended,263280,24698804,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Doc.Brown,"Whats not to like about spin tires? I first played this game as what i remember a demo. My memory tells me it was a beta/demo/look at how cool our mud and tires are kind of thing.amazing game. insanely fun and really gets the imagination going. Plotting out your next turn 100 feet in advance, am i going too fast?, wondering what side of the trail you should be on, what gear to be in, I might be going too fast!, watching the mud churn and the tires deform, SLOW DOWN!!!!, locking in 4 and playing with the diff.... the whole time you are doing maybe 10mph tops...its easy too get get mentally lost in this game and forget to do the laundry or dishes."
,Recommended,263280,32886430,Posted: 27 June,all,Sodomite the Devourer of Ass,".5. ""Position your truck properly""1. Aquire massive wood.2. Get stuck in satan's personal batch of mud.3. Apply diff lock and AWD.4. Get more stuck.5. Reverse!6. Still stuck.7. Winch yourself towards the only tree in range, which happens to be directly off to your side.8. Truck lists.9. ""Load lost!""10. Die a little bit inside.11. Repeat."
76561198077205816,Recommended,263280,10996793,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,cheddar_cheese,Russian RedNeck Simulator 201410/10(Warning! Due to alot of Vodka the camera angles are a bit annoying)
,Recommended,263280,10459640,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Menphues,"Okay so a review on the game so far.Baring in mind I played the Tech Demo for a few hours before this game officially became released.The graphics are really really nice, really they offer some nice features and good design.The audio is just basic engine sounds with other crane noises etc... You cannot hear the other players vehicles etc. (Release version might be patched by now)The controls... there is where it gets a little tricky.  The controls are awkward to get used too and even when you are, you spend most time reading back over them.  It is what I do.The game itself has is a great one and not to be played alone.  Multiplayer with 4 friends is the best, really.If you enjoy slow 4x4 changing to find the best possible route to an objective with too much water or mud infront of you.. You then work a way around it slow on the power in a low or high gear, then get stuck and winch out or a friend winchs you out, and then you get stuck and use a crane to frog it.Really the game is really good fun taking a slower pace to a driving simulator.  IT IS A SIMULATOR I swear.  It is really hard to get used too and you drive slow with friends.It is realistic water terroforming, realistic terrain deforming and realisitic placement of everything, really a well made game and not to be taken as ""yeah I am great at racing games"" I am great at racing games and this is not a race!You put tooooo much power on the wheels on the terrain you will become stuck because the tires dug into the terrain causing a hole... Amazing!Driving slow, enjoying the beautiful scenary.  Yes the game has some problems like random damage loss, random rock and getting stuck really easy, but you ignore them because it fun, driving, driving, stuck.. Winch out, driving driving, stuck, friend winchs you out, driving and reach destination... You fail to read and go respawn at garage, update your vehicle and then make the journey all over again, getting stuck, winching, driving, winching etc.. Read the mission you and a friend, you get logs for example and start to drive out but now you are top heavy with a heavier truck, you get a decent distance outside turn in mud and go FULLL POWERRRR... Then the truck tips over, your friends laugh and you smile because you enjoyed it and made a silly move... Now repeat.Really this is a great slow moving tactical approach to driving offroad game.  Looking forwward to future content and releases!I am happy I brought this game and happy I have so much fun, if you enjoy 4x4 then this is a great game!"
,Not Recommended,263280,13850123,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,OttoNL,"The last update fixed a lot of things for me. It's possible to drive across a river again or through a deep mud pit. I'm not sure if this has been fixed for everybody (not a whole lot of people had these bugs in the first place) but I'm glad it's working here.There seems to be some conflict between dev and publisher again. They can't seem to get the dev to fix certain things and the dev tells people he doesn't know about bugs that the publisher alledgedly did tell him about. All very strange.Original review below might be outdated, but I can say this...The trucks and mud physics are great, but the User Interface is awkward and feels incomplete. No rebinding of keys for 360 controllers and no return-to-center for steeringwheel either, but non-360 controllers don't get all keybinds for some reason and you can't rebind the Gear Shifter and camera controls.Would I recommend it? I want to vote neutral. I kinda like it, but the quirks can also be royally frustrating. And I'm not sure if I would support (all of) the people behind this game. If you want a well polished product skip this, if you don't care about that this is a pretty good game.-----Original review:Typical Early Access game. I know it's just out of Early Access, but if it were up to any respectable company it would just now get into Beta.Before I tell you what's all wrong with it I'll tell you how (and if) it redeems itself. If you ask me... No, for most people the problems are way to big if it even runs, but as an offroad enthusiast this is the only interesting game out there that doesn't feel like a racing game with 30% less grip. The trucks (well 3 out of 7), suspensions and mud physics are all pretty amazing! You can actually dig yourself in if you give it too much power for instance.However... These are the problems you'll have to learn to live with if you want this game:- The camera! It's impossible to get it to go where you want it to go, so exploring the wilderniss or getting out of a dense forest is nearly impossible while with a good camera it would be very easy.- If you use a gamepad other then a 360 controller you can't use the stickshifter. This was not pointed out before purchase. You also can't adjust the camera properly. It's just as bad as with the mouse but 5 times slower.- If you use a controller of any kind you still need the keyboard regularly which is awkard. It's understandable that some things need a mouse, but the keys on the keyboard are absolutely unnecessary if they just made the option to bind them as you wish.- The game was absolutely broken for 80% of customers for over a week, but it works now for 98% of people.- 98% of people don't register to the OOVEE forums. Those people report massive amounts of bugs which will never be adressed, because 'That's their problem.'- Lag in online games is usually enormous. But the Client determins how your truck drives, so 90% of the time it's not a huge problem.- The winch, that you'll need a lot, is super glitchy. It can randomly flip a vehicle that you're towing. Usually works well enough though.*- The winch cable is super short.- They just removed some winch points- No high winch points, so you can't keep it stable on a banked road- Winch power is sometimes humongous, sometimes you don't even know you're winching- You can only attach to a max amount of trees. This can mean that the 1 tree you need is unavailable.In my own experience this max amount randomly varies from 5 to 15.- The DRM is very agressive and when you lose the connection with the notoriously instable server your game is closed. You will save SP progress but MP progress will be gone. I have not been able to play for longer then 20 minutes and it takes hours to complete a map.**- You can barely drive over small branches. Yes. You can haul lumber, but some vehicles can't get over branches as they have no friction. Wow.***- You can't see how to wade through water, because you can't see the bottom. So it's just driving in the river a thousand times and crossing your fingers that you don't need to do 3 hours of progress all over again. It´s realistic, but there should be a way to check like you could in real life with a stick.- Unrealistic game-balance measures. For instance if you drive in a straight line on a hard road (also happens on soft roads sometimes) you get damage if you leave Diff-lock enabled. And you stall if you don't switch to second gear fast enough while in real life it could drive away in highest gear while carrying a load. I'm afraid they'll add more of these things as the current publishers don't care about realism.And then there's the Publisher OOVEE. There's a lot of speculation about wether they are respectable or not, all I know for sure is that they don't seem to care about all the aformentioned problems. They only read what's posted on their own forum where maybe 1-2% of customers go and ignore all problems on the Steam forums. They also don't post changelogs there and every update breaks the game for a big portion of the people. They don't tell them how to do a clean install and how to fix the game, so many people just stop playing. This way they choose not to know what problems this game has. Very lazy to say the least. I once complained about the camera control with the gamepad and they sent me a tutorial on how to fix it myself in by programming in Python. They sell a game that's nearly broken and they send us duct tape.There's a chance that they'll (I mean their single Russian developer) fix some problems soon, but since they don't know about many problems, I don't expect most problems to ever be fixed. They did say that they were looking into the problem with the branches.Publishers just told me days ago that they think the game is done. ish. But it will get some minor improvements and tweaks.* This has now been fixed. Pretty much.** DRM isn't causing problems for me anymore, but there are some players who still can't play online.*** This has gotten worse as they completely overhauled the physics. Mud is now softer and Branches don't sink in the mud. So you got a branch you absolutely can't pass except by pushing it out the way if the end of the stick doesn't get caught. If it does it's tough luck."
76561198239461222,Recommended,263280,23246651,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Welson_Wei,Best Off Road Game ever
,Not Recommended,263280,21605489,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,buckem,Oovee(dev/publisher) can't be trusted.
,Recommended,263280,11168342,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Sagan,"After playing the game for around 20 hours, I like Spintires but it could be more. After 3-5 hours of playing the game, I started to wish Spintires was a road construction game. Delivering logs could have been more of a plot point. Some logging company sets up shop, they need to set up a decent road network before logs can be moved. They hire you to build the roads. You go from area to area picking up materials and dropping them off where the road construction is. You drive various vehicles and construction equipment to mark the routes, flatten the ground, and remove rocks. Once the road is done, the logging company is able to move logs and you win. You can either deliever logs on your fancy road and enjoy your work, or move on to the next map.I'm still going to recommend this game, but only to gamers who enjoy choose your own adventure games. What you do and how much fun you have is pretty much up to you. Its a fun game and definitely a techical achievement, but it could have been more. It feels like this is a tech demo with a sprinkle of game added to it. Hopefully the devs land a nice contract for a new game using this tech."
76561197987374581,Not Recommended,263280,35320445,Posted: 29 September,all,Code11,"DO NOT BUYThey droped developent of this title to make a the same game with a new title ""Spintires Mud Runner""Its impossibel to get all achievemntsThere is no more support for this gameSteam should block new purchases of this game."
,Recommended,263280,25576715,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Abelkain,"I have 87.4 hours on record, so I can safely say the game is fun.+ physics are good+ i like the art style of the game+ old soviet trucks!- buggy- lack of content (after 80 hours of gameplay)The game is way more fun in multiplayer, especially if you have friends who play the game. Singleplayer is just plain boring after playing 15 minutes, since you have no-one needing your help the get out of a lake or... well, anything you can get your truck stuck in."
,Recommended,263280,11631182,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:This game gonna be instresting open world mud 4x4 racing game, referral! :3FIN:Tämä peli tulee olemaan mielenkiintoinen avoimen maailman muta 4x4 ajelu peli, suositteluni! :3"
,Recommended,263280,20203414,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BoomBoomBrucey,"From Russia with log!Well, this is my first game review on Steam, not because this is the first time I've used Steam and not because this is the first game I've played but because this is the first game I've bought that has genuinely surprised me! I saw this in the store, it looked mildly interesting...it ticked a few boxes and looked aesthetically pleasing, then I booted it up! A bit of a learning curve at first but once I got the hang of it I was having a blast!! Blasting though mud (WHICH HAS SIMULATED DEFORMATION AS DOES THE TYRES!!!!) Manually loading logs and then hot tailing it to the objective with a buddy following me just incase I need winching out of a sticky situation. We've only put 10 hours in so far but I assure you there's many MANY more hours going to be put in! I look forward to contiued updates and support from the Dev, this game is quite possibly my top game of 2015!! If YOU like the look of it, take the plunge!"
76561198052371868,Recommended,263280,12306781,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,RobWTF,"It's a relaxing game compared to the average game, but not because it's boring. There is a lot of judging the road ahead, trying to spot the areas to avoid so you don't ditch or spill the load, winching yourself out of mud and holes, winching another truck out, examining the map, etc, etc. You have to be relaxed or you will just get nowhere.The best part for me is just how immersive it all is. The truck models are top notch, the environment is thick and rich, and the way the mud squishes and deepens and exposes boulders is something I've never seen before... very realistic. And the physics and vehicle behavior all feel right; I mean, considering it's a video game. When it's night and you're alone on some muck-filled, forest path with crickets chirring and you're unsure where you might be, the sound of your mighty diesel is a very welcome thing.It takes a little while to get used to the game; especially the camera. Until you get used to that and a few other game controls, it's aggravating. I am glad I didn't give up on it and have been very happy with Spin Tires."
,Not Recommended,263280,15415907,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Sir QuatermaiN,"Do not buy this game, the devs do not listen to what the player wants. And a sequel is coming out soon 'Spintires 2' according to their latest news feed. Meanwhile this game is as broken as it can be, no content or mod support and absoloutly horrid camera. (NO INSIDE VIEW/first person/cockpit)DO NOT BUY"
,Recommended,263280,11760637,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,LoudCore,"yup, the tires spin"
76561197991921123,Recommended,263280,10456553,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,meshuggah12345,"This game is amazing, now let me tell you why. It sounds like a simple game, drive large (and some small) foreign trucks around a mud-filled map and pick up and deliver logs. Sounds easy? You'll find doing these tasks is actually rather challenging. The maps are designed around uncovering and planning the best route to take in order to get the job done. Sometimes you'll be faced with crossing huge rivers, rock filled mudpits, other times you'll be treated to plain old ashphalt.Strategizing and planning is part of the fun, and the rest comes from the amazingly trim and well optimized engine. The game, at release, is a whopping 595MB!  The particle, smoke and terrain deformation effects are all very well done and are a treat to look at. The maps are gorgeous, you will find yourself immediatley immersed in them. The sounds of rushing river water, chirping birds, crackling trees as you plow through them all add to make this game as realistic as possible.The camera takes getting used to as it does control differently than anything else I have ever used. Once you do learn how it works, you'll find it irreplaceable. No need for 1st person cameras here. This is not a game of speed, but a game of strategy. You need to be able to see all sides of your vehicle, sometimes all at once in order to make it through trecherous terrain. I have read that the developers are thinking about adding in a cockpit view camera. I can almost assure you I will not use it. It would have almost no function in this game, and once you play, you will see what I mean.This game has been a while in the making and I am glad its finally here. Planned future mod support and DLC from the developers will give this game a long life. I, for one will be there along the way."
76561197983258102,Recommended,263280,27015755,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Oliv3r,Best use of dirt ever!!The mud physicsThe 4 wheel driveThe wenching yourself upright using a tree while you barely save your truck from falling in the river and loosing your last load of full length logs after you spent 3 hours getting to this point!Loved it!
,Not Recommended,263280,15423405,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,stact13,"While the concept of Spintires is great (and I truely do love the idea), I cannot see how this game can be considered finished. The camera control is unusable, trailers have a habit of disappearing, and the map feature is near useless.The camera does not have dedicated pan and tilt. Instead, you have a hotkey to 'focus' on the truck, and a similar key to focus on the trailer. To view 'first person' camera, you click on a transparent camera where the driver sits. There is no hotkey for this. If you click anywhere that isn't on a menu item or winch point or similar, the game toggles into or out of camera control, rather than only while you hold down the button. You'll be accidentally switching into camera control mode rather often when you meant to release a winch or click on a menu item.Trailers may disappear until a game restart if you change the bed of your truck at a garage. I do not know of a way to make them re-appear without a game restart. Similarly, if you disconnect your trailer because it got stuck, I cannot figure out how to re-attach it; even when directly on top of the hitch, it constantly states I am too far away.The map starts out nearly completely black for each map. The concept is that as you drive around, the map slowly reveals areas you've been to. However, the area that is revealed is smaller than what you can already see. As you travel down a road and spot a side-road heading off of it, the map doesn't reveal enough that you can see that side-road. While this doesn't seem like an issue, it's annoying when you're trying to turn around onto such a road and you can't see where it is because of the aforementioned camera issues. Maps therefore become a complete guessing and memorizing game, which while more realistic, doesn't actually do what a map should. Oh, and there's no minimap, so you'll be starting and stopping a lot.All this being said, the concept of the game is great. It's a ton of fun when you get a giant truck through some deep mud or a river that you thought would be impossible to cross. Given a bit more work on the camera and map (as well as bugfixes such as with trailers), I can see myself playing this quite often. However, seeing the age of the game and that these basic things are in such a state, I can't say I'm too hopeful that it will ever reach its potential."
76561198162665723,Recommended,263280,23108238,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,owenkj,spintires is an offroad truck driving simulator and at doing that it exels. sometimes I forget that I am just playing a game instead of watching real footage of truck driving. so 10/10 for me
,Recommended,263280,12395164,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Cam,"An incredible Game!....If your not playing in 3D Vision, then your seriously missing out on a ""Superb"" immersive experience! Yes, the game needs more, more options, more content, more machinery, and more fixes! I hope that this is only the beginning, and they create it all, the game is wayyyyy too good to not do all this....It would be a massive shame to call it finished! I commend all those in the creation of ""SpinTires"" very impressive!"
,Recommended,263280,10490754,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,NukeJockey,"Spintires isn't for everybody and its not perfect. Lets get the problems out of the way straight off the bat.1. No fixed camera, no interior camera, fairly poor camera placement and controls.2. Not a whole lot to do in the game.3. Some bugs and in some ways feels like an early access title.Now onto the good.1. Fairly realistic fluid displacement engine, you create tracks in the mud and if you're not careful you will find yourself bogged very fast.2. Co-op multiplayer, its always fun playing with friends.3. Nice graphics engine and Truck models. While it isn't the best game graphically, everything comes together well, the game runs great and looks nice in most parts, the Truck models are top notch though.4. Several different trucks with different attachments. This means you and your friends can set yourself up with the perfect trucks for any given situation and actually use teamwork.5. A winch system! You can winch yourself and friends out when they are bogged, you can winch yourself to a tree to pull yourself out if no one is around to help, lots of fun and very cool.I could write far more about this game, but if the idea of 4WDing around several big open world maps is appealing, just take the plunge and make the purchase, you won't regret it.9/10"
76561197983022110,Recommended,263280,10482954,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,bobalobmitchell,"Took about an hour to load my truck with logs using crane, then rolled over and lost the whole load. 10/10 would roll again."
,Recommended,263280,10473372,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,xrgr1 | サーバ,This game is making me feel like quitting my job and start working out in the woods with heavy machinery.
76561198008062529,Not Recommended,263280,29430674,Posted: 22 January,all,llmk99,"start with good game idea,lousy support,no cross platform as of yet i see,but then again its hard enough too get them too fix a bug more less ad support for another system,if it wasnt for the mods this game would have been surely dead along time ago.as far as price knowing what i know now,no way,maybe half the price would do.map support would be nice only waited now forever, maybe if the devs stop fighting back and forth about crap it get done or if someone within the company with his personal views would just listen too the people who actually pay for it it might go along more smoother.that all i need too say about it now.other then get off your duff's ovee and make finish making the game i think it has been long enough."
76561198032619240,Recommended,263280,29840877,Posted: 10 February,all,Teneighten,"So far, for my off road gaming experiance with Spin Tires by Oovee is at the very top, #1. Being an extreme off road enthuist I have done lots of research looking for games that offer this type of driving adventure realism. But to this point I have found nothing that compares to Spin Tires. The user creations and modifications with maps and vehicles are fantastic. My thanks and appreciation goes out to all that create this added content, you are all awesome. I highly recommend this game as being the one to download and start your offroad adventuring with before all others.I would of course love to see some more modifications to the game in regards to terrian modification. Being able to actully use the cool user created diggers and graders, etc. to move trees, rocks and dirt would be awesome. To actually modify the terrain with the ploughs, diggers and dump trucks would be super. Perhaps in time :)Overall this offroad adventure game in my opinion is number 1, and I highly recommend to all that wish to but are not able to actually go extreme off roading to download and go for it.Thanks Again Oovee, and all the moddersHappy Wheeling"
76561197998255697,Recommended,263280,23944389,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,KrisJay,"I can recommend Spintires to all simulation game and off-road fans who have the patience to play a game that is basically about delivering lumber from A to B and exploring the maps. The thing that makes this game special is the deformable mud and soil. Some say it is the best off-road simulator. I believe it is the only one out there (that is not about racing). You can still probably find the old demo for the game somewhere on the internet and see if you like it. The full game has more features than the demo.To many this is an unfinished game and it probably won't be finished but it is playable and enjoyable; however, it is not for everybody.There is also a multiplayer but you can't save you progress in multiplayer.Spintires has great mod support for trucks but lacks proper mod support for maps but there are ways to get modded maps into the game.The achievment system drove me on to finish every map in the game and I would say you need about 4-6 hours per map to get most of the achievments. Just be ready that you will fail at your several first attempts.Also wait for a sale or search for great offers on Humblebundle store or Indie Gala store.I can't believe I had not reviewed this game since it was my favorite game for a long timeYou can find a lot of Spintires videos on my youtube channel:http://www.youtube.com/c/SimulationKris"
,Recommended,263280,12216251,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Liber,"Drove some old Russian trucks, got stuck in a mud, had some laughs. Its pretty fun with friends in Coop."
,Not Recommended,263280,11193994,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,SizzleConrad,"Game is borderline alright - can be fun sometimes, however the camera controls are garbage..."
76561197999711115,Recommended,263280,10455297,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Sadachara,"Absolutely remarkable game.. Gorgeous.. Engrossing. Realistic, and addictive.I spent ONE HOUR getting myself out of a deep mud ditch stuck between two trees. One hour of real life time, and you know what? When I got out I felt like I accomplished something, like I had a good time.Few games capture that anymore, and this is one of them that does. It's probably the best game I have played in many years. If you are sick of the games on rails, the same old rehashed junk, and the feeling like you are just playing to 'get to the end', then this is your game. BUY IT."
,Recommended,263280,10483797,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,turner,"If you would have told me a off-road truck driving sim was goin to be one of the best games i have played this year i would have called you crazy!! But this game is just soo dam fun, the phisics of trying to pull a road trian throug a creek bed or driving a jeep into thick shrub looking for new trucks is amaazing. MP is also really awsome, setting up convoys, working together to winch people out a tight spot or deliver some fuel to the guy who ran out after exploing the far reaches of the map. Everyone should pick this up and experiance pushing a convoy of trucks the the harsh russian landskape!"
76561198059275025,Recommended,263280,10454939,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,SloppyBear,"So, this isn't a game that's going to be everyone's cup of tea. But, as someone who has driven large trucks for a living and spent a bit of time offroad (with said trucks), they've done a really good job of capturing the feel of those situations. And yes, somethings will feel a little ""wonky"" and off, but the Dev's seem like they're actively going to continue working on this title so I'm willing to overlook a few quirks. I'm also willing to overlook a few quirks because what they've created is spectacular. The sounds in this game are better than a lot of AAA developer titles, and its not like there's a lot going on to listen to. The excellent, and realistic, audio really helped draw me in. The visuals are slick, but its the phyiscs engine they've got this running on that really pulls it all together. Its simply fantastic. The terrain deformation, the suspension modeling, its all perfect. Like I said, I've driven large trucks offroad on many occasions for a job I used to have, and I've recoverd trucks from rouch spots (all two wheel drive, and non with locking diffs). Its a hard thing to pull off. And this game is hard. I mean, really, absurdly hard. I can attest that the handling is pretty on to what a truck like this would do, even at speeds. They've done a great job of recreating the real thing. The real thing is hard. This game. Is. Hard. I spent my first few hours attempting to explore and move loads, only to make one hair-line mistake in mis-judging an incline causing my truck to roll and dump its load, or not expecting a bit of water to be as deep as it drops off and suddenly flooding it hard. Its pretty much the real deal. So, if you don't want to just explore by yourself or get frustrated, than look elsewhere. You may also want to bring a friend along for the torture in multiplayer as you can really save each other from some literal rock-and-hard place spots. As for me, for now, I'll just be like Stanley and ""Begin the game again.""10/10 Because Big Trucks"
76561198098665738,Recommended,263280,10454124,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,RYYAN-KING,"لعبة جميلة وممتعة, أنصح بها"
76561198039001728,Not Recommended,263280,15438515,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,mabisfab77,publisher is scum they talk of spintire2 and they done nothing to this gameplease dont buy thisthis lot are going to scam more money on a promise to give a fully working game but they will in spintires2 with the modders backing well ok modders will have to carry this game next like they have this time really scummy lotthe camera in this game is aweful which is a shame as game is good just needs to be finnished to a playable state
,Recommended,263280,12338971,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Beevernator,"THIS GAME IS NOT MADE BY A BIG COMPANY LIKE MOST SO IT WILL NOT BE UPDATED AS QUICKLY!There have been many reviews saying ""meh i hate this game i wish i never bought it. Its so slow to get updated"" and i want to say different. This game is awsome!The physiscs engine was made by ONE MAN! And its one of the best driveing simulator engines around.Yes its not updated often but what do you expect its a small team that is makeing the game who are trying their best to get new stuff in the game in a perfected state.Soon there will be a new camera that will be better and steering weel support for those that complain that there is none.To end this i would like to say to those gits who dont realise how small the makers of this game are YOU ARE IDIOTS DO SOME RESARCH!I love this game and want to see it improve slowly but perfectly.I also wish the team good luck."
76561198060004094,Recommended,263280,10652136,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kazok,"For a game about nothing really it sure as hell alot of fun, bar none the best virtual off road experience I have ever had and hope the experience is expanded as the game grows."
76561198083335914,Recommended,263280,17563447,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Jonas,Awesome Game I like It 9/10
,Recommended,263280,11241879,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Super Sand Legend,Get stuck and rage quit simulator 201410/10 would get stuck again
76561198124185270,Recommended,263280,28770601,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Stephensburg908,It's a very nice game the only problem I seem to have is I can not get the garage to open/pop up in single or muiltplayer
76561198164138983,Recommended,263280,24767388,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Chris C. CIV-124,"Well the title is definetly accurate. Ive spent more time being stuck than driving, but the game has still managed to be fun. This game requires thought. If you're careless you'll get stuck, but if you pay attention you'll be fine. The game itself is well optimized and has good graphics. It also has an amazing modding community. However the game does have its problems. The biggest is the camera which has a mind of it's own and a limited amount of camera views. Overall the game is still well worth the $30 and I will definetley recomend it."
76561198086275117,Recommended,263280,11466805,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,alan.williams1964,"Being a bit of a petrol head,I think this game is brilliant.A new spin on offroading and with development and workshop backing,its going to end up being an extremely good game."
,Recommended,263280,11868551,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,{DCMT} ~RubberDuck,"I like this Game very much, i enjoy playing it with my friend's online,The graphics are awesome.I dont have anyhing to complain about at all.The price was abseloutly worth it. I had bought it even if it twich the original price.I Dont want to complain like many other that the,r should be updates, etc?The game is great just as it is. And i Have played  for more than 500 Hrsand i think still it,s Awesome.I like To Thank Reece and Zane The Developer of the game at Oovee Studios "" Thanks for making spintires the awesome game it is""Best RegardIvan Lhasa"
,Recommended,263280,10471727,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Shiora Windswalker,"Good, dirty off road fun. If you get stuck, but have a tree nearby, the winch is easy to use to get you out of a sticky situation, if not, then you can either reset the vehicle or drag it out with another."
76561198258459920,Recommended,263280,24605704,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Mud Bogging Jimmy,i love this game it is almost as good as the real thing but no parts involed
76561198357674663,Recommended,263280,29640570,Posted: 1 February,all,DODGE IS BETTER,"This is a very good game, if you do install it you should get the mods off of the steam workshop because without the mods, the game isn't very good. I highly recommend this. 4.5 of 5 stars"
76561197980255325,Recommended,263280,12671714,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,UncleSteve,Really awesome 4x4 sim.  just updated for full steering wheel support.
,Recommended,263280,10456423,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,RWG DeathMetalDan,"this game is awesome if you are into offroading. Some parts are a little lacking (it was just released today) but like most games made today that will change with patches and hotfixes. The worst part of the game right now is the camera, hopefully that will get fixed soon."
76561198083806016,Recommended,263280,10454344,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,HansensUniverse,"This game went over all my expectations! really fun and has some of the best physics i have seen for a game of this type probably the best off road game for a very long time, looking forward to what the future has to bring for this game :D happy mudding guys!"
,Recommended,263280,10443565,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,anti social,"AWESOME, Simply AWESOME.  I was extremely 50 50 when I bought this but I do not regret it.  First game I have felt this way about in a long time.  I am a 12 November/12 bravo in the US army so I work around heavy equipment in this kind of enviroment and I am simply having the biggest kick out of this game.  I would love to see this game add more things, like tanks,   and APC's or BMP's would be awesome trying to dig a tank out or a dozer.  Just a great all around game.  BUY IT NOW!!!  This one almost slipped under the radar for me.  I wish the Game ARMA had driving conditions like this in game, would be epic.  lol."
76561198036123473,Recommended,263280,10455022,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Fuzzy,"Amazing game, great engine, great mulitplayer, great vehicles. One of the best games i played sense the first time i played through Cod 4."
,Recommended,263280,12548021,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Jebus,"Oddly satisfying to play this game of patience. Camera takes a while to get used to, but overall a decent game to play solo or with a party. Multiplayer lobbies are somewhat dead, but when you do find one, everyone tends to stick around for a round."
76561198011491984,Not Recommended,263280,15200263,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,UnableRogue,I like the concept of this game and I used to enjoy playing it.Oovee keeps on implanting more bugs and glitches with every 'update'I do not recommend buying this game and wasting your money.I have played alpha games with less bugs and glitches than this Spintires.Multiplayer is useless now since there are clipping bugs happening on every level.If you survive that then the disconnect glitch will hit you or even crash the game.There is very limited content and they stifle creativity by making user content unavailable.
,Not Recommended,263280,11427898,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Nadlug,Played it alone and played it with some friends for me it always ends up the same way Frustrated with the inconsistant physics and frustrated with the agonising camera.Also rocks. Godamn Rocks.Avoid this one unless sims really are your thing.
,Recommended,263280,10602471,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,StormTruck,"SpinTires is a game all about driving and make delivery in the Siberia era. This is a new and fresh type of game for the OFF Road/ Simulator genre. I have been following this game for quite some time back in 2013 when it was Kickstarted and of corse i gave some money on their kickstarter to get the game going on and testet the heavy moddable Tech Demo of the game. Now back to this time SpinTires is now final out, at least with a version with a lot more contenct and objective to it. Now i think it will fallow the same line with Euro Truck with frekvent content updates and pathes for the game. This game is all about driving in very muddiy terrain in the Siberia era. You start off with scouting around the era and unclock the cloucking which enables you to see the era on your map. Then when you have planed your route you can take your Truck and do the log delivery from the lobber mill to the objective destination. I like this idea and it requires you to do more planing which is something i like. I will give you the pros and cons about this game.Pros:- Extremly vell done physic in this game- A lot of fun to drive in the muddy terrain- Pretty decent graphic, not the next Crysis but really great for an Off Road/ Simulator game- Nice combination and well made truck moddels, they also sound great- Fun to explore the map- The game will get a lot of mods which gives this game good value in the long run and gives you good reason to replay it- There is quite amount of add ons to the vehicles- The game runs creat, i get 60 FPS but i also think the frame rate is limited to 60. But that alright. 60 is more than enough (GTX 660 OC)Cons:- The camera is a bit messy, you often have to adjust and it hard to get it work properly. This is something they are working on a fix. There will also be interior camera in the future as far as i know.- Not to many maps to choose between and there is not to much variation on them either, of corse as this game support mods there will come some great community maps later, same goes for the vehicles, there could be more of it but there will also be mods that covers this con.- Not to many objects. The only goal is to delivere logs, it would be cool to delivere something more than just logsSo yeah, the games is very playeble and can't waith for the mods to come. I will say that if you like Euro Truck, Off Road or just wanna have some new and fresh simulator that is good at what it does you will find a lot of it here."
,Recommended,263280,10726076,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,dj_konix,"Best Vehicular game i've played in a long time, so refreshing to try something new"
76561197973738220,Recommended,263280,10736504,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DarthJager,"Drive big trucks in teh mud is what the little kid in all of us has always wanted to do, and Spintires does it well."
76561198079612655,Recommended,263280,17333339,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,the bar fly,"its a good game, the only thing that bothers me is that the camera is quite bad. if they fix the camera it would be a great game!"
,Recommended,263280,26363784,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sir Senecal,"Amazing off-roading/log trucking simulator. Best mud physics I've come across thus far. If you like mudding you'll love this. Unlock garages, deliver logs, uncover the map while working together online or by yourself on singleplayer. If you are going for the objective it definitely takes some patience. Lot's of fun vehicles in workshop if you just want to mess around and see what their capabilities are. Also met half of my friends list on this awesome community!The only con for me in my almost 200 hours of Spintires are the camera angles sometimes, more specifically when you're trying to load logs with trees nearby."
76561198060128943,Not Recommended,263280,35401245,Posted: 1 October,all,Lost Pup,"Don't support these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ abandon the game and then resell what's basically an update to spintires as ""Mudrunner - A Spintires game"" complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Recommended,263280,10464618,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,BenWah,"Preliminary review, since I've barely scratched into the game despite putting many hours in.The difficulty of this game is very high.  It's easy to get bogged, to flip, to lose your way.Those lacking persistence will get frustrated and quit.I still have yet to successfully transport a single load of wood.I got pretty far, but I hit a muddy hill and almost flipped my truck, had to winch out with a chain on a  tree while hitting the gas.When I looked back all the logs had been dumped out except 3.Almost no instructions, no tutorial.  But this just adds to the mystery and challenge, it doesn't feel incomplete nor have I found a single bug.There's a great variety of vehicles, and even more variety in vehicle add ons, many of which I don't understand.I'm not sure it is worth $25, but it'd definitely be worth $10."
,Recommended,263280,11964909,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Dhassell,10/10 Nothing Else can be said Amazing
,Recommended,263280,11170715,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,SpringfieldXD45,"SpinTires is a great game but is it worth the current price of $30? Yes, absolutly! I usually want to get at least 1 hour per $1 spent on a game and you should have no issues getting at least 30 fun filled hours of play time. It is the best when it comes to mud and getting stuck. My only complaint is that it is lacking content and missions. I'm really hoping that they add much more to this game, even if its paid DLC. I WANT TO DO MORE!! More hauling, more challenges, more of a business simulation. JUST GIVE ME MORE!GunninGamerz on YouTube"
76561198036874223,Recommended,263280,12811553,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,MiKeKrUsHeR,"I definitely recommend this game, especially if you catch it on sale. Graphics and gameplay far surpassed my expectations of a game like this coming from a small company. Very well done!!The only downside to the game is the limited amount of objectives/maps/vehicles. If you don't intend on playing any multiplayer, you may not be kept entertained for 100+ hours but that still shouldn't be a deal breaker. Multiplayer is where this game comes alive for me personally. It's LOADS of fun playing with a couple buddies winching each other across the map. It's an absolute blast playing in the mud!A good mod community could potentially bring this game to another level....."
76561198064315112,Recommended,263280,20611676,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,evilllie,Best in the world!Workshop is full of cool trucks.Don't forget to download and install spintires plus. Free at spintires . nlAlso free custom maps can be found at spintires . nlInstalling maps is as simple as dragging two files out of a .rar file to spintires level folder.
,Recommended,263280,17198636,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Eality6,great game to relax and play if you enjoy off roading or just slow paced games.Great for modding
,Recommended,263280,10479537,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Mr.Mongoose,"If Steven King's 'Misery' was a video game, this would be it.Here's a video of it in action:Courtesy YouTubeHighly recommended."
,Recommended,263280,11867675,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Sandman[SA],"This game is revolutionary in the realm of off-road driving simulators as I don't believe there is anything else out there quite like SpinTires.  There is a very impressive realism to the terrain and with the environment all together.  And it can get very unforgiving to the novice explorer.  There is a fair array of trucks to drive and the majarity of them are off-road purpose built, russian military trucks that look quite unstoppable.There is more to this game then just getting stuck waist high in sucking mud, high centering on large rocks or fallen trees or swamping out the engine in deep waters.  You can winch yourself out of tough places.  Plow over trees that get in your way.  Keep in mind, the bigger the truck your driving, the bigger the tree you can crush.  Run fuel and repair supplies to broken down trucks.  Open up other garage places and even haul logs to lumber mills.  In fact, the main objective is to haul lumber to the mills through the most challenging terrain imaginable.  And if that's not enough, you can team up with up to 3 of your friends and tackle the challenge together.The game currently does have some draw backs though.  The camera still needs some work as it can get difficult to see where you want to look.  Especially when your in a tight group of trees, on a steep hill or working with the crane.  The manual transmission mode is awkward and clumsy but you will get use to it over time.  And the multiplayer mode is very lacking.  Yes, you can help your friends by winching them out of tight places or giving them fuel or repairs.  But you can't see their lights, hear their trucks engines or see what they have done to the terrain after they have driven over it.  You can't help your friends load lumber and you can't see your friends trucks that they have abandoned.  Only the trucks they are currently using.Over all, the game is pretty well put together and while being played in hardcore mode, can offer a challenge to even the most seasoned off-roaders.  Given all that I have said, there is a certain level of fun to this game that will have you coming back for more.  And if the creators of this game do something to address the issues I had mentioned above, it would make this game so much more enjoyable."
,Recommended,263280,10461060,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Huliganu',"Best Truck Sim - OffRoad game 10/10#Scouting - unlocking better trucks and more garages by delivering point to garages#OffRoading - strongly adviced to convoy in multiplayer#Chalengeing - maps are tricky but some of them are quite hard, u will gonna hate / love rivers#Multiplayer - best part of the game, gather your frinds or find a good team and u will be amusedBe carefull rocks and stones will be your kriptoniteThe price? I will pay TWICE the price for this game"
76561198032526734,Recommended,263280,10469175,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Churchill Cat,"Its an off road sim and it looks good for you gamers that like a game to look good more so than anything else :PThe games mechanics are a bit buggy atm but it still works a dream.You can start from a jeep and get to a big 8 wheeler :D *BEEP BEEP*You have to uncover the map and unlock vehicle and thats the fun part, there is also objectives which is transporting timber to a woodmill.All in all its my kind of game :DI will give it 9/10"
76561197969575485,Recommended,263280,10462740,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,SLACK.PIT,Best offroad game ever made.
,Recommended,263280,26702102,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ExplosiveWarBee,"If you like offroading, deep mud, and mods, you'll love this game. Basically the point of the game is to pick up lumber, and move it to a different location. However, you vehicle will experience difficulties while traveling there. It goes from Garage, to lumber mill, to objective site. And if you want to spawn closer, just unlock another with garage points that your bring to the garage (4 points). This has a semi-realistic way to when you're off road. Such as Differentiation Lock, All Wheel Drive (4X4, 6X6, and even 8X8). You can get stuck in mud, and winch yourself out, you can get swept away by rivers to only drown, and you can gain or lose damage and fuel.Pros:-Realistic-Co-Op-Mods-Russia-Can be played on low end PCsCons:-Bad Camera View-Can crash sometimes if you get too many mods-Can be extremely frustratingWhy frustrating? Because there are the occasional bugs that can ♥♥♥♥ up your truck. For example (I don't know if they fixed this), sometimes if the winch is in a bad spot, it can fling your truck in the air, and completely diable your truck. Other times, you get stuck in mud way too often, or a spot in the water may not ""look"" too deep, and you drown. And other times if you travel on a hilly area, and go across the side of a hill with a load, you can tip over, and drop your entire load.Even if it is frustrating, it's still fun to play, and a great game to play with three other friends! :DHope to see you guys out there! :)"
76561198105080215,Not Recommended,263280,21555386,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Bad_Nooooooooob,"WellNow we cant ""Spin"" the ""tires"" only can got ""Spin Crash""Vote this game rename to ""SpinCrash""and my medal is free for that ""time bomb"" authorcome to get thathttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=621881888lol"
76561198042754201,Recommended,263280,11347890,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,hindwers,"If you like the potential of the game, just buy it and try it about a hour.10/10 would spin the tires in the mud"
,Recommended,263280,30229882,Posted: 27 February,all,++Muffins,Mods make this game especially since they added them to multiplayer
76561198317954176,Recommended,263280,28178601,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,submix66,a game worth the money and time real offroad exprince
76561198209225732,Recommended,263280,19404049,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Manny,A awesome game to play with friends!
,Recommended,263280,17080730,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Muris,"Spintires Review --- MorrisReview --- 16 July 2015STORY AND GAMEPLAYSpintires hasn't got a real story, it's more like a game, where the player can complete many tasks. You play as a russian lumberman and you task is it, to transport logs from one point to another point on the map. You complete your mission with old Russian trucks in a world out of mud, water (rivers and seas) and very big forests, which are distributed on the map. At this moment, Spintires offers you 6 different maps, more of them are in deployment.The primary intention of Spintires is it, to drive the different old trucks, to find a way completing your mission. You do that in the third person perspective on the left side near your truck. Once started the game you can decide what you want to do:Explore the world and find new ways to complete your task?You want to try something out or only playing in the open world?Or want you to play in the multiplayer?It's your choice!TECHNOLOGYIn Spintires you have a lots of options to change the game. Next to the basically options you can play Spintires also with the Gamepad, Xbox 360 controller or a wheel.The controlling and timing fits well with the game.The graphics and sounds are fluently also on middle sized computers, but sometimes small lags could you be appear. Graphics a very detailed, for example mud, which flies around you vehicle and realistic water animations. How realistic it is, is addicted to the power of your computer.The game maybe won't start at the first time and could crash while playing. To save your progress there is only one memory location, if you want to start a new game on another map, you have to delete the old memory unit.POSITIV's and NEGATIV's+ beautiful and realistic locations and vehicles+ detailed trucks and settings+ also controllable with alternative methods+ continued deployment+ two game modes for individual simulation+ available in 16 languages- start problems, crashes and save problems- lags while playing- ""only"" six maps and a handful of vehicles- possibly difficult controls- Multiplayer is possibly very insecureCONCLUSIONSpintires is a good game with a great idea and a lots of potential in it. But until it's great or perfect, there is missing a lot of work and time. This game is something for people, who have fun driving big trucks with bigger mileage or who are a bit bored and want to taste a day of work with lumbermen.Actually Spintires costs 24,99€ on steam, I don't really recommend the game for this price, wait until it's on sale or deployed longer.Because the game is already under deployment, I will write more reviews with more actual information in the future!MorrisReview"
76561198087015215,Not Recommended,263280,29304847,Posted: 16 January,all,monk2160,"Don't get me wrong, this game is fun. The reason that I do not recomment is because he devs have abondoned this game. When they were ""active"", the updates took forever. Now that they are gone, the ""upcomming"" update has been a year in the making. There is still a decent community left on the game, making mods, playing online, etc. It is only a mattrer of timebefore it dies like the game."
76561198043201490,Recommended,263280,12764545,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Jaffa Snake,"If you think you might like this game, you most definitely will."
,Not Recommended,263280,10931256,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Swayne Martin,Camera just plain sucks.
76561198093014475,Not Recommended,263280,14248353,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,albin.flyckt,"Getting kicked out of multiplayer and ending up at starting point with all progress undone! Almost makes me cry after spending two hours collecting lumber....The trailers are also sometimes almost impossible to attach ""Position your truck properly"" keeps reappearing. Really annoying.And the menues in the garage? Seriously??As the developers havn't been able to fix these basic game functions I can't recommend this game.But! It's really nice to drive offroad truck in the middle of nowhere, it's a great idea to start with and somehow it works really well as a social multiplayer game. Talking♥♥♥♥♥♥ drinking beers and driving off road trucks is just awesome."
,Not Recommended,263280,12671248,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,BearJew,"Great game if you spen 5€ or less on it. For it's current price there are too many bugs and missing features. The game feels like a beta version of something, however it is not."
76561197966198890,Recommended,263280,10524655,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Dutchpower,For people who had parents that didn't let them play in the mud.
,Recommended,263280,10467279,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Disodium,"Like 4x4, off road or games?Want to play a game with your friends where you are not racing each other but rather helping each other out?Spin Tires could be the game for you..The game is a little tricky to get used to with its external mouse driven camera and functions that are a little cluncky but otherwise this is in my opinion is one of those little games that surprise you.The gameplay I have played as of this review(not a lot) orientates around driving around unlocking the visibility of the map, moving objects from A to B to unlock other services(garages, fuel stations) on the map and... of course... rescue the vehicles you abuse doing so.The game has many many addons you can put on vehicles to achieve tasks like refueling, repair and doing other task I am sure I am still yet to discover.It also boasts 4 player multiplayer so you and your off road buddies can hook up and rip around or play coop.Driving is currently oriented around Keyboard play but with huge demand from the community the Devs have stated in the next major update they will add support for controllers and wheels and the like, also THERE IS NO CAB VIEW... you cannot go 'Inside' your vehicle currently, this is totally a third person camera game at present that is mouse controlled.Once again the Devs are listening and have said while they cannot say when, but there is lots of demand for in cab view and they will be looking to implement this also.All in all, this game is enjoyable, it plays well once you adapt to the controls and you will find yourself in some humorous situations like floating down a river, sunk deep in mud and if you are like me.. on your side, very fun, looks great and honestly the way the mud and ground is ripped up by your tires looks great."
,Recommended,263280,10484104,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Mods,Purely amazing.
,Recommended,263280,10504846,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Lewis,"This is a very unique game, I have seen nothing of the sort. I purchased it yesterday and I have been surprised with what I have recieved.Positive:-Multiplayer of course!-Physics engine is brilliant-Cheap for what you getNegative:-Wheel support (this is coming in future according to Developers, Zane and Rhys)-Problems with winch when attatching to back of certain vehicles"
,Recommended,263280,10558060,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kocaer,The most challenging simulation game i've ever played. Good job devs!.
,Recommended,263280,10462509,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Nyxs,"There's not really much to do in this initial release other than take stuff places.  Think Euro Truck Simulator in the dirt and mud.  The graphics, lighting and physics are really neat.  It just screams for screenshots everywhere you go.  The camera can get a bit funky offering less FOV than you would like sometimes, and the interface could be easier to navigate.  Once you get to the actual driving and transporting, it can be very fun.  If you liked playing with Tonka trucks as a kid, this might be just the thing for you."
,Recommended,263280,13225298,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Vega,"When I first heard of SpinTires I thought, how is being stuck in mud in any way entertaining?Well, it really is.SpinTires is a challenge, a battle between an unforgiving nature and man-made machines, a game where little progress is better than no progress. When you first play the game being able to go 500m without getting stuck is huge. There's no GPS to show you the easiest way to go from A to B, you have to find it yourself, you have to decide, and finally live with the consequences.Oh, and don't trust the path you took before, the mud's always getting worse.(of course you can always reset your trucks back to the workshop but where's the fun in that :D )The only negative point so far is the impossibility to save multiplayer. So with friends, you're forced to play it as a roguelike experience. The problem is noted by the devs and will (hopefully) soon be addressed."
,Recommended,263280,10643130,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Konack,"This game has been in beta for a long time and its great to see it come out. At first the camera controls are a bit hard to use but they become easier, anything else about the game is great."
,Recommended,263280,10772489,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rewdalf,"UPDATED REVIEWAll I have seen since buying this game has been improvement.Controller support enhances the game tenfold, making hardcore mode even more enjoyable.Wheel support for those with steering wheels is I'm sure a drastic improvement as well.Rogue jumping rocks have been patched.Wheels getting stuck under the map have been patched.Multiplayer has been improved.Winch glitches have been patched.Now I can tow my friends in multiplayer much more smoothly.Optimization continues to improve. I had a friend lose his computer, so he downloaded Spintires onto a seven year old Dell and it runs smoothly on the lowest settings.You are now able to preview future updates by opting into their most recent beta releases.Graphics drastically improve.Also future updates call for mod support.I have only good things to say about this game. Absolutely love it.Below is a snippet of my old review.---Even my friends who could care less about off-roading enjoyed this game.Everything about it is beautiful, every time I stop my truck it looks like a promotional screenshot.Has everything you would want in an offroading game, absolutely everything, and anything anyone else would want in a co-op challange.Having your truck frustratingly sunk or tipped in some mud is crushing. Absolutely crushing. But, that nigh-impossible recovery is oh-so satisfying.Need I also mention that this game is FANTASTICALLY optimized. The graphics are unbelievable and gameplay is flawlessly smooth.Short story, I HIGHLY recommend this game. If you're on the fence, don't think twice. This is worth every penny."
,Recommended,263280,10473761,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Gracana,"If you think truck trials are cool, you'll like this. It's often slow going, and you'll definitely get stuck a few times, but it's quite satisfying when you're careful and everything goes according to plan. The maps have some variety, but I'd like to see sand and bedrock added as terrains, right now the biggest obstacles are mud and boulders."
,Recommended,263280,10475100,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,carbon,eurotruck simulator for rednecks10/10 would play againold blue russian truck is 2cute
,Recommended,263280,25086567,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Smiddy,<b>Really Good Game!!!</b>it is good if you like offroading and trucks :D (i think there are some car mods lol)the mud is awesome and you can get a snow mod where it replaces some of the mud for snow and changes how it works...the phisics of the trucks are greatmy only two complaints is the winch i wish it wouldnt go through the ground sometimes and add maps to the workshop because i dont want to download them from other sites
,Recommended,263280,11955315,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,NorGlace*,"I got this game without even knowing a hole a lot about this .The first time  I played the demo I did not think much about it, thats until you get into the driver seat of these BEASTS! . this is serioulsy one of the most addictive games you can play right now, the mud the control the graphics the physics and so on, this game is like no other you will ever play !This game is on another level, the way its designer the clever way its layed up so you can be 3 people at the same time in the game the way you need each and everyones suppport to get to the missions.THe way you look at map and see "" hey""! its only like 900 meters to this mission EASY PEASY!"" and then you start to drive and get stuck, and stuck and stuck some more!; and you think  40 min later s*^## I have only moved like 2-300 METERS!! Its just insane, you also dont give up ; you find different ways of getting your self out of the most muddiest and deepest pits! , the way you can use the tow hook"" to hook onto trees to get your self out of the pits, the way you can get your logs back onto the truck, wich seems like an easy task but can take like hours and hours! =D .I recommend this game for anyone that want to try something that is totally out fo bounds! and something you never thought would look fun is acutally A LOT of fun! =D"
,Recommended,263280,13670663,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,JcMauLer,"I have not playd much of Spintires, but it already has me hooked. The gameplay is easy enough for a newbie like myself. In the game, you will find yourself traversing the harshest terrain utilizing certain vehicles. ALthough, there is no set story line, there are several objectives in single-player. This can make the game a bit more relaxed, but the content isn't really there. Onto multiplayer, this is where the real content shines throuhg. I did not play much of it, but wthe games I joined had people completing the objectives, working together. People would say how thye were going to do certain objectives. These objectives include utilizing different vehicles to perform different things (EX: A logging truck to pick up logs, dump trucks). This is a fun game, with decent enough graphics. 79/100."
76561198134811211,Recommended,263280,23718071,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,danny02,i love it the mud physics are lovely and smooth
,Recommended,263280,13732588,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The Gorgon,"Worth the 30$? No, buy it on sale for 15 $ or less. It is a rather fun game as it is different than a lot of others out there, I enjoy the logistics of transporting fuel and recovering vehicles half submerged in mud. I suppose it helps if you're a sucker for Soviet hardware as well. There are a few maps, but it takes some time to fully explore each. Overall the game could be expanded upon, but as I understand it there are a number of mods out there, though I have yet to give any a try."
76561198068837007,Recommended,263280,10466447,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Derpicide,I ask myself repeatedly why I like this game so much...I guess the only answer is it somehow fulfills something deep inside...That little kid I used to be who would play with tonka trucks in dirt and mulch.As I use my winch to shimmy my truck through deep mud for like the billionth time I can't help but feel sheer joy as I finally break free and take off down the road once more.My major pro: probably the future in terrain deformation in this game... makes the craters and things you see in games like battlefield look like childs play.My major Con:  Don't try to use the crane to pick up logs... it will make you go insane.I've seen people complain about the camera and it IS wonky at times but you do get used to it just like anything else.another smaller con is sometimes it's a little TOO easy to get your smaller trucks stuck.
,Recommended,263280,10766184,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,mais4u,"From watching youtube videos about these trucks in the woods doing spectacular things to get the lumber from A to B.Finally made me buy this game. The details of the trucks and the world is amazing :) It feels really authentic.I never ever thought i could be more happy to get stuck in the mud before after this,I will look forward to do soo in the future.Not to mention the endless possibilities that lies in the world of Spintires that can be implemented in the future, not to mention talented Fans for some amazing mods for this growing simulator game."
76561198148602741,Recommended,263280,18718312,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Lincoln,"Graphics are stunning, physics are incredible and the maps are awesome. Only negative about this game is that it is a little bit hard to install mods correctly and that the game is hard sometimes. 11/10"
,Recommended,263280,10553003,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Chef Phd Ross,Love this game but could we have a cockpit view please
76561198091110242,Recommended,263280,20304221,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,MAF1O$O | CSGOHandouts.com,"Best offroad simulator. Good russian trucks, nice physic and funny multiplayer and there is workshop where you can find many trucks, cars and other thinks :)"
,Recommended,263280,25693961,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Rebel Sniper32,I love the way the graphics work in this game and I reccomend it to anyone who wants to mud in a game.
,Recommended,263280,25021352,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Spukta LV,"After more than 18 hours in this game I can say - it's good (really good)This is basically a Russian truck simulator. You can choose the map, the difficulty and scenario (different starting trucks) The quest is to deliver all the logs to the ones in need. A lot of perks will help you in your adventure through the forests. You can uncover the map from cloacking points and unlock new vehicles.♥♥♥♥♥well as awesome trading cards and achievments)pros:- awesome physics- beautiful textures- one of a kind gamecons:- not much replayability- quite bad multiplayerAll in all the game is fantastic and if you can get it on sale it is worth every penny. 10/10 would sink my truck again!"
,Recommended,263280,16264293,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,McSniffles,"Pros:Graphics, physics, simulation, maps.  Everything feels like some chunky Soviet diesel trucks.  The way the mud deforms actually creates new terrain there that you can get stuck in the second or third time through.  Water is a volume that'll smack your truck when you try to cross a river or stream.  You have to basically learn how to manage when to use differential lock (press Q), when to use automatic to save fuel, and when to use all-wheel-drive.  90% of this game is actually doing your best to not get stuck in mud and figuring out the best paths to get unlocks and objectives.  Also, don't flip over.  If you flip over, don't flip the truck you brought to flip the first one back.  If you flip the second truck, don't flip the third truck you brought to help.  Also dont put 3200L of fuel in a cistern and try to pull it with the RWD Type-B through muddy hills, you WILL just sink into the mud and not move forever.Cons:The camera takes some getting used to and if you play with buddies and one of them disconnects and re-joins, every truck they have is wiped from the game and they start fresh at whatever the starting garage is.  This can be frustrating because you will disconnect at some point probably, especially if you alt tab.  I've seen it on many occasions, so do your best to not alt-tab out of the game once you start."
76561197964507907,Recommended,263280,10502228,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Nasty Nate,DA! WONDERFUL MACHINES TOVARISCH!
,Not Recommended,263280,34668267,Posted: 1 September,all,thomatoes50 (PORTY),no update and tones of bugs thay may get fixed if you buy the same game again. Thank you very much
,Not Recommended,263280,34859092,Posted: 10 September,all,ToxiGhost,"The mud physics in Spintires are second to none, that much is without question, but in my humble opinion the rest of the game is ""meh"", here's why I think so:The objective of the game is to explore the map by driving around and uncovering hidden vehicles in the fog of war, and then use those vehicles to haul logs from the logging camp to the drop off point. The terrain is well made, challenging and looks realistic to drive in, however I got bored with its repetitive styling quite quickly.The camera is horrible, like truly the worst. It's like 3rd person met freelook and they had a zombie for a kid. It's clunky, difficult to see what you want to and really spoiled the overall experience for me.I'm a simulation fan, I play Farming Sim, Euro Truck Sim2, loads of slow paced, immersive games is my point here, and yet Spintires feels slow, unrewarding and pretty boring once the ""wow factor"" of the mud physics wears off. There was nothing to work towards, just haul more logs, drive around more, get stuck in mud more, use a crane here and there and repeat.The developers have been more focussed on internal drama than on development. They've argued publicly alot, the game was broken for a time when one of them went rogue and sabotaged the game code and that's without trying to find information on it, so I wouldn't be surprised if there was more under the rug that has distracted them from making the game Spintires could have been.Lastly I want to mention the graphics. The physics are brilliant, but the graphics look color drained. Everything has a washed out appearance, there's no depth to the colors, it looks very much like a game and that takes away from the immersion.All in all I can't really recommend it, it's just pretty bland and boring."
,Recommended,263280,13671555,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Urban Guerrilla,"Simple premise, TONS of fun. Do yourself a favor and pick this game up."
76561198091277730,Recommended,263280,11575297,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,'-' KuMi '-',The Game is just awesome
,Recommended,263280,24152843,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Tenshi,"If you are looking for racing, objectives or competition, please pass by.If you want to feel what's it like to drive around total wilderness in huge, realistic, finely rendered all-terrain vehicles from the Soviet Era, please stay, you will love this game.PROS:- Enchanting attention to detail on vehicles and terrain;- THE most realistic mud I have seen in a video game, which deforms and changes the quality of the surface as you drive over it again and again;- Sound design is on point, the engine roars, the tires spin (pun fully intended) with characteristic rustling, the mud slurps, it's awesome;- Driving at night is very immersive;- EXTENSIVE modding support from community;CONS:- Lack of any kind of soundtrack, although I would say that it helps to be immersive like that - no music in the wilderness and you wouldn't hear it over the engine anyway;- No real objectives to do, just simple ""Unlock Garage"" and ""Deliver Logs from location A to location B"", which repeat for every map;VERDICT:Very immersive experience, get the game to drive around, observe the scenery, admire the vehicles. If that's not enough, don't get the game."
76561198025751825,Recommended,263280,13535437,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,pineapple,It's everything that Kerbal Space Program isn't.
76561197998499882,Recommended,263280,10480782,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,patkill [160th SOR],Best physics tessalation 500mb install.
,Recommended,263280,34533019,Posted: 27 August,all,grildcheez,Spintires is a very nice way to have fun with your friends and make time disappear. I reccomend spintires
76561198077641434,Recommended,263280,11027756,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Fedor[Enlightend],really like this game
76561197971707124,Recommended,263280,12793623,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,kawi,"I have played this for more than 20 hours and therefore here is my review based on what i've played-I haven't played all the maps yet-I drove all vehicles with all possible attachementsSo, in Spintires you use several vehicles to get lumber from point A to point Bif in hardcore mode, you'll need fuel. you need to go get it with a vehicle tanker (or a vehicle you choose to equip with a tank) and bring back that fuel .roads are VERY inhospitable: mud, rivers, lakes, rocks , mud, more mud, mud that feels like quicksand , and also mud. oh yeah and trees.All vehicles have different capabilities in certain terrain . You will inevitably get stuck and have to winch your way out, either yourself or with another vehicle (could be a friend in multiplayer) or you will capsize and have to put back your truck on all wheels (same way)doing stupid stuff damages vehicles, you can repair them with special utility trailers that you have to drive yourself.Now the major part of the game is basically driving around in very bad terrain using AWD and differential lock wisely (uses more fuel) and having to navigate in a map where you need to manually decloak everything (or not if you know the map by heart) you do get a compass.The game simulates night and day.You can pack wood by yourself but the game actually makes you put 3 logs in a truck and by a click of the mouse you make those 3 logs be a full complement of wood (Don't really like that for immersion )or, you click on a load wood button in a lumber area and voila the wood is in your trailer.I thought you'd have to cut it yourself or something but no. it magically appears.I'm having a lot of fun getting stuck by trying stupid stuff and new routes (the more dangerous the more fun it is), capsizing, getting back using the truck crane , and with a few friends (4 players max in a game) it can get very amusing.A good buy on sale or at about 15€ I guess, since the game although very playable isn't very full with material, it's more a sandbox in which you can have fun with friends."
76561198265883417,Recommended,263280,33648012,Posted: 19 July,all,VESTAS,Best game i ever played. Price its nothing compared how good the game is. Recomend it for sure. If you aare in to offroading this is the best choice.
76561198083169575,Recommended,263280,22854955,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Matron,This game is a great game if you like to drive or off road and if you like challegs.
76561198319179598,Recommended,263280,25048509,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,mr.gambino,"This Game is one of the most Awesome games I have ever play, it is the most realistic off road game and I will recomend to all my family and friends."
,Recommended,263280,10471603,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Bluegoon,"Nicely made, not at all like most Simulator games, there's some real love behind this game, it definitely shows.  Proud I own a copy, hope the devs buy beers with my purchase money :)"
76561197989538315,Recommended,263280,10475660,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,R.O.M.O.A.S,i have marked this as recommend but read below i understand this is in beta but the issues below should of been common practice for a game maker i have made games myself and thease are allways a priority first.i like the game in general but there are some issues that need to be addressed 1 the major thing i find very frustrating is when in single player if you roll on your side in some positions you can't start your engine which if realistic but you can't winch your self over and in the single player mode you can not get help so you have to restart the game and lose all progress.this needs to be fixed fast before it discourages buyers from buying the game it is a easy fix just allow the player to port back to the garage to grab another truck.#2 is a better camera view when in the advanced mode with a better field of view to allow better winching to see attachment points as well to allow to attach wile in free cam mode more zoom out and a bit longer winch would be nice as well.#3 save game so you can go back and try again see first issue this will be easer than having a port to a shop for another truck.
,Recommended,263280,10465639,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,FreddyFingerHands,Best impulse buy ever 10/10 it's alright
76561198088128905,Recommended,263280,10481865,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Crikey,"Alot of love has gone into this game. You can tell this by the attention to detail the devs have put in. The water moves as you push forward into it, the mud sticks to the wheels and sprays backwards as your tyres spin furiously to gain traction, the gorgeous visuals coupled with immersive sounds of a wet muddy forest filled with wildlife and the vehicles you use to drive through all this makes for a unique gaming experience.There are 5 maps to explore, all of them are hidden beneath ""cloaking"" points that need to be unlocked in order to reveal the areas hidden beneath them. You do this by driving around the map in a variety of vehicles that anyone who's played Dayz mod will instantly recognise.The main objective of the game is to collect and deliver lumber. This is done by hauling small, medium or large logs around the map to a pre determined point. Youll drive through impossibly deep mud, fast running rivers, tall thick forests and still tranquil lakes. Youll also need to negotiate steep inclines, often muddy wet steep inclines that will require some measure of fore thought before attempting. If you get stuck you can always fall back on the handy winch feature that attachs to any nearby tree, enabling you to pull yourself out of trouble, which is inevitably where you'll end up.Other vehicles aid you in the completion of this objective such as repair and fuel trucks. These all need to be driven by the player by swapping from one vehicle to another as they become unlocked on the map.The one thing that lets this game down is the camera. You follow vehicles from an off centre perspective that works well when youre on the wider areas of the map, but as soon as things get tight the limitations of this become apparent. Trying to see where you're going when the scenery closes in, or when your're trying to save yourself from toppling  over on one of the many steep inclines that run out of deep water crossings, can be frustrating. Thankfully this doesnt hurt the game to much but it does take something away from the gaming experience.There is also a multiplayer option that enables you to basically do whats done in single player only you get to drive around with friends as well.I like this game because it's challenging and is gorgeous to look at. It is one of those games that just grows on you the more you play it and the challenge to deliver those logs to there destination while negotiating the steep, muddy, rocky, wet, uneven and trecherous ""roads"" you travel along,  make for a rich and rewarding gaming experience."
76561198007242174,Recommended,263280,10471183,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,[GT]-Mr. Freeze,"Understand first and foremost that this is a niche simulation.  If you have no interest in large industrial trucks, off roading, and a little vehicle management then this is not the game for you.  While the screen shots and trailer show you all of that goodness, they dont show you the subtle complexity of the maps.  Think of this like a game of Klotski, the block puzzle game where you have to slide varying shaped and sized blocks inside a rectangle to get a colored block out of the rectangle.  The trucks are the regular blocks, you move them around the map to get the colored block (lumber) to the objective.  It sounds easy, but if you have played the block game then you know that sometimes it takes many moves to win.  You will have to set up your trucks with right attachments at the garage, and position them on the map accordingly, so that you can move the lumber.  The devs have made every map unique, from swollen deep rivers to little paths through the hills to highways of mud, there will be obstacles all along the way.  Count yourself lucky if you find a paved road, it saves you fuel and damage to your truck.  Those are two factors that have to constantly be managed.  After a while you start finding yourself considering every turn and path to see how not to get stuck axel deep in a quagmire.  So there are two levels of complexity, simply navigating your vehicle, and the working the vehicles in concert.  Keep in mind that nothing about the gameplay is fast.I came into this with no expectations having bought the game because a friend was really into the genre and wanted to play.  I've been glued to the game and my friend has been offline the whole time.  I think the graphics in the screen shots and trailer speak for themselves, and the sounds are pretty good.  The day night cycle adds depth, but isn't a hindrance to playing.  Changing weather would be a nice touch that's missing.  I can't wait to see what the devs add from this point on, but brands like Hummer, Jeep, Landrover, etc. should line up to get product placement in this."
,Recommended,263280,10472834,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,..|..Damyst..|..,Very nice game !
,Recommended,263280,10455442,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Royal Zombie,"This game is fun addicting, and awesome. the pysics are amazing. deffinetly a tough game."
76561198083022739,Recommended,263280,17861986,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Owerlord,"If you like off roading this is must have game. Maybe in store page it doesn't look that pretty, but if you would go to youtube and type in Spintires moded cars you would see that if you install mods it gets 100 times cooler game. Spintires is the best off roading game I have ever seen. 110 out of 100 points. BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,263280,13590111,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dosedmonkey,"Its hard to explain what joy you can get from trying to push a Russian HGV thrugh tough terrian, muddy bogs, rushing rivers, mixed forests.The goal is simple, carry logs from a lumber yard to objective across some of the toughest 4x4 terrian going. The methods available, especially when playing in multiplayer, are wide, fun, edge of seat stuff (when you just hoping not to get bogged down by taking a short cut) and joyful when your friends assist you out of a problematic situation.Day and night cycles.Amazing mud/traction/diffirential vehicle and environment physics.Multiplayer with friends is amazing fun, assist each other, by using combination of trucks, utility, repairs, refueling, to allow log carrying to success.See I've tried my best to explain why this game is unique, and cutting edge stuff. And I cant give it justice.I can tell you what its not, its NOT a ultra complicated simulation game.its NOT a chor to play, it is great fun.It is,Beautiful to look at,Great fun,Challenging at many levels from beginner to hardcore, from singleplayer to multiplayer.Xbox 360 controller compatible (and works very well with)"
,Recommended,263280,11989916,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,~{DCMT}~ThunderDuck~,"If you like offroading, and a game that can be a serious challenge, even if there isn't really much to do but try not to get stuck, and haul logs, this game is so worth your time. Just needs some updates, and some DLC, and the replayability will be GREAT! Not quite a $30 game yet, but I'm sure it will be."
,Recommended,263280,10489910,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Glocknade Clipazine,URAL Truck Simulator 2015ISGOTY.10/10
76561198075292037,Recommended,263280,12511177,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Smith,"Really good and fun game. Graphics are great, vechicals are beast. Mulitplayer just adds more fun to it all. Only negative sides to this game is that it crashes alot when tabbing out and messing with the settings. Also the Maps are a bit repetative. I think personally adding a playground where you can just take all the cars trucks and just messabout, obsitcle courses etc. But this game is still being worked on :) If you like off road games I would recommend this one!"
76561198052338485,Recommended,263280,20231446,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,kevicus12,"Oh just buy it, for crying out loud. The fact you're checking out the reviews shows you want it. It's big, muddy off-road driving. The game's been out for ages so there's plenty of YouTube videos showing what to do if you're not sure (which I wasn't tbh).The whole game is less than 1gb, it runs perfectly fine on low-end machines, it has controller support (though not fully, but you only need the mouse in addition not the keyboard).Trust me, the moment you properly use the diff-lock to scale that mud-caked hill you'll be punching the air in triumph! I know this and I'm only 2hrs in!"
,Recommended,263280,13527223,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,{G.I.T.V} ♛Legendary Villain♛,A game in which playing in mud makes you feel the need to bathe in real life! 10/10
76561198036970493,Recommended,263280,16369433,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Aragneo,"Russian trucks, siberia woods. Me and my son as a team. Helping each other out from mud pits. What could be better. I recommend."
,Recommended,263280,19841482,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,CamyHunt,"Amazing Game! This is the only game I own that has such detailed physics and textures, I highly reccommend this game if you are a fan of the Euro Truck series or like driving/off-roading games."
76561198005437188,Recommended,263280,18821819,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Slammedc,"Bottom Line Up Front (BLUF): I like the game. Spintires is a great game for a niche group of like minded people, meaning, if you enjoy putting games at their max difficulty (Hardcore for Spintires) and actually playing the game as it is intended by immersing yourself in the game world and approaching the challenges as realistically as you can if you were faced with a similar scenario in real life you will find a pleasant and challenging experience. Alternatively, if you just want to mod the ever living hell out of the game and put vehicles and random stuff in it you will greatly diminish your experience. I challenge the modders to put meaningful mods in the game in the future and add a more interesting challenge or environment vice building ""super trucks"" that you just direct around the map. The community that this game brings can make a drastic impact on Spintires' future (positive or negative)."
,Recommended,263280,12066707,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,SlimNasty™,"This is a great game that can leave you thrustrated for the right reasons. Playing it Hardcore on you own really gives you a challenge, one though that I am happy to report is achievable unlike some games.In multiplayer even on hardcore the game becomes a lot easier and no one should have any real problems completing any of the five levels supplied. This is where the game does fall short a little, having only five maps does mean eventually you will know them pretty much off by heart and even though the terrain is deformed everytime you drive over it the longevity of the game is in doubt for me here. Having said that I still pick it up from time to time.The developers are a small team I know, but they are too quiet for my liking where as other small developers seem to announce stuff every month, it would be nice to hear from these guys just once in a while, even the odd tweet so we know they are still here, otherwise they fall into the danger of no one trusting their next title, if they ever plan one?"
,Recommended,263280,10464147,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,[TG] Saultyevil,Harder than my degree. You will spend hours stuck in mud and hating life.
,Recommended,263280,13417303,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Nota_Kontan,"worthed to buy. this game is awsome...the environment, songs of bird and the truck it self :Di recomended use gamepad or steering wheel.."
76561198002608069,Recommended,263280,20419277,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,"Steven""Punani""Seagal",DRIVE HIGH TECHNOLOGY ЛАДА IN ROAD OF СИБИРЬRUN OUT OF ГАЗ IN ЛАДА BECAUSE NOT GET STUCK AND DRIVE WHOLE MAP)))))
,Recommended,263280,17116852,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,sammoe,-Picked a map-Picked another map-Picked all maps untill I got the giant missile E type truck-Drove throguh the mud-Got stuck-Friend rescues me-Drive down paved road-Suddenly flip over out of nowhere and mow down a few trees10/10 would mow down trees again.
,Recommended,263280,18691337,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Lord Etanur,Awesome game.
76561198345932731,Recommended,263280,29638510,Posted: 1 February,all,alexwithrow12,very awsome game
76561198084708669,Recommended,263280,10454977,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Mr.Hemiroids,I don't have many hours on record. But I have played a lot of the tech demo. This is by far one of the best off road games I have ever played. The physics are excellent. Beautiful visuals. Amazing erosion. I have done a lot of real life for willing. And I am amazed at how well this game captures the real experience. The tech demo had a massive amount of mods. So I would imagine this one (the full release) will as well here shortly. This is a simulation style off-road game. But it has a great combination between a fun arcade experience and near hard-core simulation experience. I would highly recommend this to anyone that enjoys off-road games and/or car driving games.
,Recommended,263280,10454807,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,JUST J4CK,"If you love driving huge trucks through tough terrain, you'll enjoy this. Also the winching is awesome."
,Recommended,263280,10472270,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Ciradis,it's like euro truck simulator with dirt10/10
76561198135963277,Not Recommended,263280,31236320,Posted: 19 April,all,mnom1986,What started as a great game ended in dissapointment. Nice physics and overall good graphics. Seems the devs have forgotten about it. Nothing new really for a long time. If you're looking to play this on a steering wheel good luck. I wasted an hour from my life trying to get it to work and still nothing. Shame beacause i really wanted this title to flourish....
,Not Recommended,263280,32271536,Posted: 8 June,all,Teme,"Devs have abandoned the game. Base game was promising, but lack of updates is disappointing"
76561197966268319,Not Recommended,263280,10473369,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,fartbutt,"While the rest of the game is excellent, the camera is the worst I've ever seen in a driving game."
,Recommended,263280,12674663,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Hina,Everybody needs to own this game. Never before have I had the opportunity to play such a well-made and realistic off-road game. I absolutely love this!
,Recommended,263280,10460293,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,ForeChan,"If you do not buy this, i'll♥♥♥♥♥in your eye's."
76561197970596905,Recommended,263280,15418226,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Actionjackson,"UPDATE: December 2016i update this with a forums post i made, i think it summs up the situation well;""i think we should not project our anger or dislike we have for the publisher(oovee) or the developer(pavel) onto the game.why? cause the game has nothing, absolutely nothing to do with it and is not the games fault, how could it be?the game right now has over 150+ maps available, i guesstimate about 30 or 40 of the maps are high quality, better than stock maps. that is a good ratio.the game has like i dont know many vehicles mods, also many good one and even more bad ones, but that is cause everyone can upload crap to steam workshop.thats a reason why i am glad there are no maps on workshop, it would mean many more absolutely effortless 3 hour build maps would flood the workshop and its even harder to find the good ones.the game works there is plenty of stuff for it, as i say the situation is not bad at all.now on the other side there is oovee and pavel, they more or less broke the game twice, it wasnt playable cause of crashes or other bugs they themself introduced with patches. this happened 2 times.they promis lots of stuff but they dont keep any of that.this is what makes us angry and we should have the brains to not let it spill over anywhere where the anger does not belong, in this case the game itself. its just a programm its innocent.still the game is pretty healthy, plenty of ppl have called out the game as ""dead"" or something, but far from it, last time i look it had 1800 ppl playing and that is a lot for this game and its age.there is a pretty dedicated following for the game, despite the problems with the publisher.in the end i say it has again to do with expectations, ppl expected content patches, ppl expected it to be early access while it never was, and oovee, the fools started promising stuff to keep the masses quiet. that was the biggest mistake in my eyes. cause nothing of it ever happened.(we got kirovets though)that is what got ppl rly angry in the first place.so to summ this up, its not the games fault, the game is fine and work right now so just play it if you enjoy it.projecting feelings for one thing onto another is a natural mechanic we humans fall for, but its wrong, if you hate the dev´s dont hate the game cause its two different things rly.we would all love a ETS2/spintires hybrid, where you start out with blue truck and have to deliver loads to earn money and buy new trucks and tires and better addons and trailers to deliver bigger loads and so on, and that on much larger maps than the 1024m x 1024m maps we get in spintires now. a game where we have the game play mechanic and build up systems from ETS2 and the driveing physics and offroad deformable terrain goodness from spintires.if someone bring out this game i talk about, they have my money for sure but till than i play spintires from time to time cause its a good expirience, i do enjoy it. not as excessive as i used to(i have 1500+ hours) but still from time to time.anyways, guys get your missguided anger under control and play the game for what it is, if you dont enjoy that i venture the guess the game is not for you. cause with all the maps and trucks now ST never was better. i play my first ~400 hours on the 5 stock maps + flood which they release late, cause there was nothing else, just the stock maps and trucks.all the new trucks and maps did add another 1000+ hour playtime for me so to speak. so i can not complain about a lack of content in my view ;)UPDATE: October 2015Oovee put out a new update to the game, and this time it is good for a change. Now one and a half year after release, things may start to look better.ORIGINAL Review ->Do i reccomend the game? yes, the game is sweet when it works.Do i reccomend giving money to the publisher oovee? no!its up to you, read around in the forums and you find out oovee is made up of amateurs. the game was basically fine at releasy summer 2014(as i bought it), month later, winter 2014 they started changeing stuff. in the last 4 month they broke the game twice so it was unplayable in multiplayer, a crash was guaranteed more or less. that was in december and march.to push out a ""hot"" fix takes like 3 to 4 weeks for oovee.so if you want to give money to them, i am not sure, i already have i cant help it. still i give thumbs up cause i reccomend  the game itself. its a nice programm and you can spend quiet some hours with it."
,Recommended,263280,10454210,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Dirty Dan,an offroaders best friend. I grew up on fourweheelers and mudtrucks and now I get to experience it on my PC? SOLD.9/10 BUY IT NOWTry the tech demo if you're not sure about buying :)
,Not Recommended,263280,12358777,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,aPanzerIV®™,"The sad reminder to Rigs of Rods fans that you can't make a deformation simulator and expect it to succeed without development.It's a lot like rigs of rods; it appears to use a similar deformation system for the terrain, and it includes a couple cars and trucks, also like rigs of rods, development is so slow, everyone that might have made content left before the game was completely developed, because the game, as it is now, is boring.All of the effort in the game seems to be put into the terrains. Vehicles are poorly modled and textured, and the physics? lol. Since it's release, it's gotten two or three new levels, and other than a new manual clutch system (which doesn't really fix the problem) the physics hasn't been touched.Not a lot of user content that works, a couple are decently made, and by decently made I mean they look better than the ""photorealism"" textures from 2001 that the default trucks use. Speaking of default trucks, some of them don't really serve a purpose after you get other trucks(B-130), or any purpose at all(UAZ). You can now change your start trucks to completely opt-out of using them to begin with.If you want a nice physics based vehicle game where you can hit mud, climb hills, and other stuff, just get Rigs of Rods, it might be dead, but its free, and there is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of content for it. If you find you like Rigs of Rods and don't want it to be dead, try BeamNG, its basicly a clone, even has some dev work from RoR guys, and they've got growing quality content too.TL;DR: There are games that do it better, much better, and much cheaper(free)."
76561198003303699,Not Recommended,263280,12270012,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,NoDiCe,"What a waste of $30 and my time.  I have watched countless videos and the game seems entertaining, but alas it is not the case.Progress not being saved, stupid vehicles, getting stuck for no reason when you have driven through that exact area multiple times before. Never mind the fact modding vehicles and game-play removed multi-player and achievements. That is complete BS.I was so hopeful this game would not suck instead I am very disappointed.The only positive thing I can say is that there seems to be a really good community behind this game."
,Recommended,263280,13198187,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,stroncis,"Brings totally hilarious experiences in multiplayer, can't count moments, when i went short on breath from laughing. Just doing something aimlessly, can quickly become story of few drunk russian drivers in Siberian Taiga. It's sandbox evolution, to separate genre - mudbox.As downside, in first hours, you stumble on repetition in maps (COPY>PASTE literally) and lack of content (more activities, vehicles, maps would be preferable), so question, how long it will bring joy. And poor support for mods in multiplayer!! this alone is substantial for longevity of such game.So, in one word - GREAT! but looks more like extended tech demo, not a full featured game."
,Recommended,263280,10643708,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DrunkenJawa,"This game is pants on head ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a good way. Such a simple concept, but so difficult to master. I played MP with my brother and some friends today and had an absolute BLAST.Get some friends, drink some beer and play some MP on hardcore, for fun!"
,Recommended,263280,10932998,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TOG | comman,"Awesome Games, Am having so much fun"
,Recommended,263280,10618084,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,kharadjej,"Most realistic game in its field, a must have for fans of realism/realistic gameplay. 9/10 great gameplay but it is monotonous."
,Recommended,263280,13321895,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,balloonman,It's what you get when you invert a racing game. Deceptively addictive mud crawler and one of the most interesting car games I have ever tried.
,Recommended,263280,16380703,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Otto Von Jizzmarck,Get trucks stuck in mud
,Recommended,263280,17948898,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,CobaltCrusader56,Perfect game for a mudding man. Controller extremely helpful (duh). Can be stressful at times when trying to get around but thats because I like to give her the nuts when shes that wet. Talking about the mud of course.
76561198070085036,Recommended,263280,17992376,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Jack_Rhoades,"A great game. The physics are great and it keeps me entertained for hours, even if I'm just exploring the maps. Definately would recommend."
76561198031600319,Recommended,263280,15682222,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Good D'ave,"This is a very chill game concept, however the game feels unfinished and need some more meaning other than to drive logs around in the russian woods. This is a game that is in the ""slow"" section of games. It doesn't require much concentration nor skill to play which makes it perfect for late night gaming."
76561198005827549,Recommended,263280,19995532,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,dozclarke,I got this game when it was first released. It's not a fire spitting racing game. Its got lovely graphics. It's always different. And it's a game that has got better and better. The free vehicles that are designed by the players are often better than the original content. I love the game and find it a great way to relax and spend some time. I've played almost 160 hours on the game. Thats a lot of time for very little cost.
76561197974878067,Recommended,263280,30059112,Posted: 20 February,all,MoeJoe,Have some time and 3 buddies? Have a few beers and drive around in the mud collecting logs. Dumbest most fun game I have played in a while.
,Recommended,263280,16260869,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,BioDeadly,One of best offroad and overall is 10/10 there's thousands of custom mods in workshop. It's champ and frigging awesome. But remind you that used mods will disable your achievements
,Recommended,263280,16837389,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Jacmac45,This is one of my favorite game great graphics good gameplay. the dev team is very slow at releasing updates and new content thought. modding makes this game completly different .... in a good way. multiplayer is a very neat feature works great. Highly recomended to everyone!
,Recommended,263280,23210084,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,ken714,love this game lots of mods out there
,Recommended,263280,19857686,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,BIG_KILLER,I THINK ITS A BAD♥♥♥♥♥GAME BUT THE ONLY THING I DONT LIKE IS THAT I HAVE NO MODS? HOW DO I GET THEM
76561197990940925,Recommended,263280,10995165,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jones,"Wonderful offroading mudfest ""simulator"" where you explore maps, unlock vehicles and haul logs from point a to b. Best of all, you can drive around with your friends and help them out of by winching them to solid ground.Initial version is slightly bugged as you cannot see your friends non-active vehicles and sometimes one of the tires fall through the map floor - On Coast map even after the first patch where it should have been fixed. There is also no way to save progress of multiplayer games. Still, these issues do not stop me from coming back to mudding after a while. recommended for hardcore offroaders, not for speed freaks.BR, --Jones"
,Recommended,263280,20208567,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Br0chure,"One of the best hardcore simulators in offroad driving. The physics are without a doubt the star of the show, but it has some pretty graphical effects to go along with it. The game was off to a rough beginning as far as content updates during Early Access, but legal issues were cleared up and the team has been pushing out several major updates as of late with many bug fixes, gameplay tweaks, and optimizations. Speaking of, this game runs butter smooth on even modest hardware. Thanks to recently added Steam Workshop support, modders have starting throwing in custom vehicles to spice up the fun. The game has a funky camera that takes a little getting used to but after a short learning curve, you'll have it under wraps. This game is best enjoyed with 3 other friends in coop. Stop scrolling and just buy it."
,Recommended,263280,16390452,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mogle,First online session> my small car got knocked down by a huge logging truck> they offered to winch me> my car did not flip over and they continued to drag me for the next few minutes> we traversed through mud as high as my roof water as deep as my roof> car finally flipped back after about 15 minutes of being towed> car was official broken> they offered to continue towing> more towing insues for around 20 minutes> for some reason they stop towing me> they then somehow came back after leaving me stranded for 5 minutes> before I knew it they had repaired me and I could drive itAfter those major events> drives towards garage to swap out my truck> thick wet mud is at the entrance> drives in anyway> small car gets hopelessly stuck> same person comes and tows me out of that messcommunity is 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,263280,10489115,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,piedudeaus,Definitly recommend SpinTires! Great fun as Singleplayer and simple Awesome playing Co-Op with mates!So go grab a copy today! This very minute! DO IT NOW!! :)
,Recommended,263280,13123092,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,🔑,"Awesome, original game."
,Recommended,263280,32793378,Posted: 25 June,all,Stimpy,"I want to like this game, but there's just so little game aspect that it feels unfinished. I'm reluctantly recommending it, but only really for the summer sale price of €6.50.Pros:- Looks great, especially the water dynamics- Unique genre- Vehicles respond realistically to the environment- Some workshop contentCons:- Lack of game content and explanation- Frustrating controls and camera movementThe main problem is that it's unclear what you're supposed to do. I tried picking up lumber and delivering it to an objective, but that doesn't appear to do anything. Through a YouTube video I discovered that loading up lumber automatically from a log kiosk works, but doing it by hand is of course the real challenge (which I haven't gotten working). Per chance I found that driving garage parts to a new garage unlocked it and that concealed parts of the map could be revealed by driving to a cloak point. It appears that these three elements are the entirety of the game. There are six maps and a dozen trucks, I believe, along with some workshop content.There is no kind of campaign or progression; your objective is just to deliver logs in half a dozen different maps.It also wasn't clear to me if there were penalties for reparing vehicles or using fuel, especially when recovering them to a garage. It seems these statistics are simply presented to you when you complete the objective and don't mean anything otherwise.Driving around is fun, but constantly getting stuck can be a bit frustrating, especially when in general the vehicles don't go very quickly, even on pavement. With the commenter below's recommendation I played with the gear box a bit, and it certainly helps against getting stuck. Also the winch is useful in a pinch.I'll say in all the controls are very cumbersome with a keyboard and mouse. I'm also often struggling with getting the camera pointed where I want to look.I think the game has a lot of potential in a unique genre, but is still somewhat of a letdown."
76561197963926242,Recommended,263280,32822874,Posted: 26 June,all,ragnar,good game
76561198106626546,Recommended,263280,11617247,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Hank Hill,"Overall I enjoyed this game, however the game doesnt feel complete. The graphics are very good and the terrain deformation is second to none. The game also has good audio and physics for a driving sim. What really brings the game down is that it feels like a glorified tech demo. the camera is awkward and can be frustrating, and there is only one real objective; delivering lumber, and beyond that the game does little to keep you intertained, and has very little replay value. The game does feature 5 maps, however as you play through each one you will notice much of the terrain has been copy pasted several times. This is annoying because the maps really are not that big and you will notice when you see the same mud hole in four different places on the same map (really devs?). This game feels like its still in early access and for $30 you would expect a complete game.For offroad enthusists and people who enjoy truck sims you will feel right at home being stuck in a mud pitt deep in the woods, but to the casual gamer this will a frustrating and annoying experience."
,Recommended,263280,11268340,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Teancum,"This is fantastic. If you're reading reviews to decide if you want to buy, BUY IT!I can't wait to see what the dev's do with this(hopefully fix the camera) its not without flaws  but it is very realistic!"
76561198129688316,Recommended,263280,11993986,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,THEBEAST562,AWSOME  it can be frustrating at times but welll worth it
,Recommended,263280,17243627,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,BattleBots10,"Slow, time consuming, constant rolling over, constantly getting stuck and all for a few logs which will most likely fall off a few times. That's Spintiers in a nutshell."
,Recommended,263280,18656746,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,SubtleEnergy,"It is a relaxing game at times, but can prove to be very stressful and intense at others.Any offroad enthusiast should get this game."
76561197960479211,Recommended,263280,13670959,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Earthdude,"Sweet game overall. Really fun to play multiplayer aswell. Some minor things that could be improved, like the camera. But so far im impressed! Good buy if you like dirt, mud and big trucks. I was using a G27 steering wheel, superb feeling!"
,Recommended,263280,10575105,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Brian O'Conner,+Very fun playing with friends+The physics are amazing!-The price tag of 25£ is not optimal for this game.-This is more like a fun physics test then a game.The game needs more mod support but other wise quite good.6/10
,Recommended,263280,10576422,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,[SAFG] DerpityGamer,"SpinTires is not a game for the faint of heart. When you first load into the map you are greeted with a few cold-war era trucks that you can customise. Depending on the truck, you can add anything from bigger tires to log trailers. Want to be a support vehicle? That's fine too! Add a fuel cistern or a repair attachment! Where this game really shines is the multiplayer. There is little to no lag and even the devs say that the game was made for multiplayer. You can have up to four players, which means a lot of opportunities. Teamwork is the aim of the game here! So load up those logs, get through that mud and deliver that lumber!"
76561198079302560,Recommended,263280,10460408,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Blindpyro69,"It is an amazing game because i love the open world concept and i love the real life physics,i have been with this game for a very long time and have had fun the whole time but the only thing i would change is if i was the dev's is the camera because it is super confusing and it is hard to see infront of you but other then that it is really good, i would recommend this to everyone"
,Recommended,263280,10643481,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Manuel,"Honestly, when I first started playing the game I had some buyer's remorse. The camera view was bad, and the controls confused me. I played it for about an hour just trying to get the controls down, and I couldn't. As soon as I got over the learning curve, the gameplay seemed so much better.Pros:-No HUGE glitches-Offroad-RUSSIAN TRUCKS-Makes you thinkCons:-Vehicles flip easy-CAMERA VIEW! No First Person-Vehicles take damage too easily-KM-Map could be easier to use, but not so bad-No wheel support-In game time is off a little, needs to be slowed down a bit (meaning night/day cycles last longer)Overall, I love the game and it worth the purchase. Everything in the game looks stunning, and it is very fun to play. It is like playing Altis life, but you dont get shot/robbed everytime you go to deliver the wood."
,Recommended,263280,17710951,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,๖ۜLeeroy,"An absolute fantastic game, Haven't played it much but am already in love with it.If you love trucking and miss that hardcore offroad feeling when playing Euro truck simulator? Then this is the game you're looking for!An offroad game where the objective is to drive logs from the Lumber or garage to the drop off. You need to be tactical and choose the easiest ways as you trying not to run out of fuel.Highly recommended for everyone that just loves that hardcore offroad trucking!"
76561198116365233,Recommended,263280,10574451,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,wmkamm,"Awesome game! Def would suggest it to all my car friends. At first its a bit slow and the camera is a little strange, but once you master it the game is a lot of fun! Honestly one of my favorite things is playing with the log crane. Maybe I'm weird but I think its really fun straighting up the roads, picking up the rocks and moving them out of the way. I would love to see more missions than hauling logs, but it is pretty fun. Also I would love some more vehicles like a Unimog, since those things have backhoe attachments and bucket loader attachments for them in real life you could use them to straighten up the roads after you mess them up getting stuck lol."
76561198124179194,Recommended,263280,11411377,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,NamPepe,awsome physics engin and just awsome game
,Recommended,263280,11070830,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,pocketlight,"This game is effing awesome. If you like playing around in mud with insane trucks, get this for the love of everything that's off road!"
,Recommended,263280,10485748,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,[RDS]Anobe,"Ever since playing the tech demo, this game has been on my radar and has been something I've been waiting for. Now having played the game I can say, Oovee hasn't let me down. Getting stuck in the mud while carrying a load of lumber has never been so much fun.Spin tires is a open world sandbox style game with objectives, either being clearing blacked out spots on the map or delivering lumber to a sawmill. All while fighting your way though the earth of Russia. In the game, mud behaves like you'd expect it to. The ground will deform and break under you anywhere on the map, well besides paved paths that is. The trucks range from a little 4x4 landrover style to a 8x8 Missle carrier (Missle not included). With these trucks you can wench and tow them, you can rip trees from the ground (With enough power of course), you can cross rivers (if you dare). On that note, the  game probably has one of the best vehicle engine sounds I've -ever- heard. Hearing a that diesel wind up though a 5.1 headset hasn't been more sexy.The game is beautiful as well, almost everything acts and reacts like it should. Leaving ruts in the mud is such a pleasing thing when your driving a truck. Everything from the exhaust smoke to the bits of mud that fly off the tires is just eye candy.Performance of the game is astounding, while only being 500mb DL at the time of writing, the game will run flawlessly on max settings on my computer which is: (Simplifed summery)Intel core-duo 3.0Ghz Wolfdale.4 gigs of ram.ATI 4870 1G XFX Edition.1 TB 7200 RPM Seagate Harddrive.Which is a old computer pushing almost 6 years at the time of writing.So, if you like driving offroad, getting lost in a giant forest while listening to the birds and the sweet sound of a diesel rumbling though your headphones, I would highly recommending getting this game. Oovee has stated they are fully supporting this game with future content and mod support. The game only has one direction and that is up and I fully look forward to the direction this game is going and will be along for the ride the whole way."
76561198152392914,Recommended,263280,23665212,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Krusty Boy,"By far the best offroad game I have ever played. This game would be much better and make much more money if they brought it out on console, just saying. But great game I highly recommend it."
76561198052384572,Recommended,263280,10623480,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Laelimanis,Male alpha
76561198040496105,Recommended,263280,10586458,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Deadstar Evacuations Inc,"This, is the epitome of patience.It teaches you that not all games have to be get up and go, or intense side scrolling action 2d mayhem.It puts you in a big truck, with the best simulated enviorment I've seen to date,and you haul stuff. Logs, fuel, even a jeep. You go back and forth and get stuck absolutely everywhere to the point that your ripping your hair out in frustration, but with enough perseverence you can winch that damn thing out.The same could be said about life."
76561198166402641,Recommended,263280,14380031,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,[1D-19] Hooni,"if real physics, realistic games, big trucks, or off-roading is your thing then you must buy! even better with multiplayer."
,Recommended,263280,10980613,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,[VV-C]Semipermiable Potato,"This game is a definate 10/10 in my book, the physics engine is amazing and all the trucks handle like they should, and not like big cars in other games. Recommend this game to anyone that wants a physics based driving game that DOSEN'T Suck!"
,Recommended,263280,14600419,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Dude24/7,"This is a great simulator game.  I've found hours of ""getting out of school work"" used to better myself at this game.  The first time I played the game, I would get stuck or flip or just end up lost and have to restart.  Not a big deal.  The moment people see a simulator, they think, ""I can do this easy, no problem.""  Well, there is a learning curve, just with every other game out there.  Its a lot different then a lot of other games out there, and requires a lot more time to both A: get to know the game, and B: play the game.  It is slow, I'll be honest.  Most of the time, your bouncing around in a truck in the middle of nowhere in 1st gear, slowly driving through mud and water, conpleting objectives.  It can get boring, yes, but that is the beauty of multiplayer and mods.  There is a large community online that makes new vehicles, features, maps, and add-ons for the games. Multiplayer is something I've recently found.  My internet wouldn't support multiplayer for the longest time, and now it does.  Multiplayer is just like Singleplayer; same maps, same vehicles, same mud and water.  But, multiplayer just feels different.  It feels better knowing your not alone for the most part.  If you stray away from your group of intrepid truck drivers, then it starts to feel like single player again, but that is just the nature of the game.  Overall, this is a great game."
,Recommended,263280,10589050,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Flying0strich,"I wouldn't describe this as a racing game, but loosely as a off-road driving sim with a great gimmick placed in Russia's wilderness. It has interesting ground deformation that simualtes mud better than any other game I've played.Even this early on this game is shining with potentail. Currently we only have 4 objectives per map; deliver lumber to the sawmills, uncloak the map, discover the extra trucks, and unlock all garages. And five mostly unique maps, I don't fully know how unique because after 40 hours of play I'm still playing around on the Coast map. As the game stands now I'd say it is well worth $30 but the Devs have proven diligent on this game and have delivered on thier promises thus far. They have promised more maps, more trucks, and more objectives. PLUS they are leaving the game open to the modding community. In just the tech demo alone modders created huge libraries of well built mods.The bad, the camera controls are wonky and you can never seem to get the right view, the controls are rigid with only keyboard or xbox controls available (no steering wheels,) there are still some bugs with how collisions work and how the renders and with the latest hotpatch the biggest bug of getting your wheels stuck under the ground mesh seems solidly fixed.I foresee myself logging a lot of hours on this game"
76561198021542234,Recommended,263280,11042675,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Your Bullet Wound Hero,"I came to the conclusion I had to ford the river.The truck made it...Trailer was half way,Truck dug in...Trailer floated away, Pulled in truck.10/10"
76561198031047002,Recommended,263280,10593811,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Driver®,It is just awesome!
76561198035175037,Recommended,263280,10639410,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Coco the crematorium,this is the best ♥♥♥♥ing game i have ever played
76561198079846193,Recommended,263280,14731194,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Tuck-117,10 of 10 freaking outstanding game
,Recommended,263280,11391396,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,☭Ebe✯✫,Hill map = Stunt jumps ftw.
76561197960273634,Recommended,263280,10494141,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Johnny Cash,Fun game!
,Recommended,263280,10590148,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Gump,"This game is hands down the best offroad simulation game I have ever played. The main reason is because of the technology used in the game to simulate the terrain. The ground contiually morphs as you drive through it and if you are by some body of water the grooves left from your vehicle will even fill up with some water. Playing this game really makes me feel like I am out in the mud and ""spinning my tires"". I bought this game because I enjoyed the tech demo and when I heard they were going to have multiplayer I knew I had to have it. I like playing with friends and family while sort of playing follow the leader as we take random trails throughout the map and wench each other out when needed. With all of this being said there are still some downsides. The first big one for me is the lack of objectives or content. Right now all there really is to do in the game is uncloak areas, unlock vehicles by driving up to them, and hauling logs from one spot to a next. I personally like to have some sort of progression system where I start off with maybe a couple vehicles and then complete some tasks where I then have to pay to unlock other vehicles or upgrades for vehicles. From there I would like to be able to complete different tasks such as maybe rescuing a stuck vehicle or moving other forms of freight. The camera right now is also very annoying but the developers have already mentioned that they will fix it. Obviosuly the game just released so there will be much more content coming out. In its current state it is very fun and I believe it will continue to get better."
76561198099308450,Recommended,263280,10654744,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,CuntRash,best offroading game ive played in a long time with the games making it so realistic...... i love this game and i highly recommend this game
,Recommended,263280,13117333,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,James Carter,"A new experience in driving & transportation games. Extremely good physics engine makes you feel that hard circumstances of transportation jobs. Cooperative gaming mood, connects you and your friends each other in those mıuddy terrain.  If you want to try a new era simulation, must buy and play."
,Recommended,263280,15740686,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,[W-G] IwasReloading,Nice mud physics!
76561198063834213,Recommended,263280,25914688,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Fudge Flaps,"Not recommended to those who:Aspire trucks to be submarinesDon't like mud, trees, water, impassable terrain or mushroomsOppose deforestationGet frustrated easily with unqualified soviet loggersEnjoy good in-game cameraRecommended to those who:Can tolerate all of the above pointsHave friends to play it withLike men in hats falling asleep at the wheel every time the engine is off8/10 It's a log eat log world out there"
,Recommended,263280,25897166,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,vote yes!,"Come on people, stop complaining! Sure, the developers don't communicate with us much, but this is like Garry's Mod, the Workshop makes it a good game! 10/10 would get stuck in mud again."
76561198126103400,Recommended,263280,11717995,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Skywalker,It is a amazing game. But my only problem with it is the small number of trucks.
,Recommended,263280,10470126,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,SizZLeR,"Finally the real thing is here after years with tech demos.Game is awesome, totally free roam with lots of challenges, but no closed Circuit, no point to point racing.....actually no racing at all, its all about trial and error where error spells disaster so u end up stuck, too damaged or out of fuel and hence u will soon enough learn to drive very carefully, just like u would irl.The physics are superior to every other driving game ive ever tried (ive tried quite a few), Spintires has all the things we always wanted in an offroad game, manual diff lock, enable/disable AWD, winches and cranes.You can even winch out ur fellow driver if hes stuck somewhere, bring fuel and/or repair his truck on site.There are however some things that needs to get sorted, like the camera, its a chase-cam that can be moved a little using the mouse, but it acts in an annoying way that prevents u from seeing what u r actually looking for, because it centers the truck that makes it obstruct ur view.Controls aren't always all that easy and not really explained anywhere in game, well some controls are, but things like how to operate the crane isn't, ive been struggling for 20 mins with it as it wont let me control one piston at a time, hence it moves both pistons in or out at the same time, making it impossible to use.Theres nothing to find online, Ive googled several times for several things about the game, simple things like ""Spintires How to use the winch"" aso., but I get zero results that has an actual answer, so it goes for the crane control, all I get is a video that demonstrates how it can move (controlling one piston at a time) but nothing about how its actually done.So better/more extensive in game help (maybe even a tutorial), rewrite of the camera so itll move ""freely"" and with the option of a wider perspective.A fully manual gearbox would be nice too, so far u can choose from 4 gear lever positions 'Auto, 1st, rev' and a position that makes the engine stall.Also manual reduction gear would come in handy a lot of the time, especially when passing over rocks where too much speed (approx. >3 km/h (1.5 mph)) will cause damage to the truck.It would be good for going down steep hills as well, where ur truck otherwise gets some heavy dmg when u hit the bottom and for these things, even 1st gear allows for too much speed.Despite these issues, I still think its incredible good quality compared to the issues we normally experience in other games just after release.Ive been playing for a few hrs straight and never do I experience any lag or similar issues, everything just runs super smooth all the time, gfx are set on max all the way and im even on an old GF GTX470 gfx card, so the games graphics are indeed very light to run and I can see on my NVidia monitor, that it takes up about 500MB of VRAM, which isn't much by todays standards.As far as for realism, ive never tried driving any of the vehicles irl, but I can say that driving that 6 wheeler in this game, is very much similar to driving the Hydrema 922 dumper, in the sense on how it handles at different speeds, going thru rough terrain etc., so ill say the game feels pretty real for most parts.One thing they shd consider imo, is the rocks, they have weird physics and doesn't feel like rocks, also the truck tires has very little friction when passing over rocks which seems wrong and the rocks doesn't get squeezed into the mud when passing over them in well, mud.All in all, if u like free roam off roading, buy the game, u wont regret it. :-)"
,Recommended,263280,10483464,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Ainsey11,This game is awesome! It has so much modding potential and I think it will go really far in the future.The physics engine is flawless and the graphics are pretty good. However the camera can be a little annoying after a while. It would be really nice if there was an in cab view etc. But with any luck they'll add it in the future.
76561198134017902,Recommended,263280,13935399,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Vatos Locos,"This game is quite enjoyable and has a lot of potential. One of the major things I believe should be implemented into the game is mods such as 4x4, etc. which should be enabled to be installed into the game without it stopping the gaining of achievements and game progression. I am aware that mods can be installed, but for the people like myself that aren't too computer inclined (but enjoy playing games) should be able to access an 'official' selection of 4x4 vehicles within the game that can be easily installed/removed and be used in the full game and are able to make progress, unlock achievements and be 'multiplayer'.It is an excellent thing to hear animals when driving through the bush/wilderness, this is another aspect I believe would be a great addition to the surroundings and scenery. Even if there is no real intreaction with the animals, as we can hear them, it would be fantastic to see them (run accross a river or track, wild boar wallowing in mud, bear catching fish, fish).My biggest recomendation for this game is that mods be available for multiplayer, be official, be easier to install (ex. in Portal 2 - levels/mods can be installed quickly and easily from within the game) and lastly to have some wildlife to really give this game a realistic feel to it.Overall, Fantastic game and hope the developers continue to upgrade and improve this game to full potential.(would recommend game to anyone)"
,Recommended,263280,12701932,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Zip-E,Best off road game I've played in a long time.  Also the objectives are hard... yet realistic. Tons of fun... tons of replayability.  three thumbs up... I had to borrow a friends thumb for this rating.
,Recommended,263280,12703061,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,i3loody_Moon,If you like trucks and mud.....Get this game
,Recommended,263280,13938925,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sevandres,"SpintiresSpintires can simply be described as an off-roading simulator. You're driving Russian trucks in varied landscapes to achieve objectives. Simple enough, right? So what's included?The vehicles, all of which have their unique feel to them, actually fight the terrain. If you're going up a hill and you get stuck in the mud with 2 wheel drive, you can bet your two pennies that your rear end is going to be sliding. If you're going over some rocks and you high center the truck, better hope to have a winch or the ability to reverse out. There are so many things to think about from watching how deep the river is that you're about to cross, to things like if the truck weighs too much for the questionable bridge you may be crossing. You really have to know how to manage your resources, and make the best with what you've got.The game supports a Logitech G27 which made me feel like a kid at Christmas! With the G27 racing wheel, it feels realistic. When you go up a hill or hit a bump and the truck wants to steer one way, you will feel the wheel move in that direction, which is very cool. Of course you can adjust the wheel to your settings. You can use it with a manual shifting setup, or if you're a novice, you can still use it with the automatic shifting. Absolutely wonderful to have that option!So what are the downsides? Well there's not a lot to do in this game. You explore to reveal the map, deliver some logs or other supplies, repair or refuel other trucks you might find, and that's basically it. Fortunately the maps are large, and there are a good handful of them to keep you busy, with some maps being much more difficult than others. Additionally there are difficulty settings which will change how your trucks get damaged via your driving.There's no multiplayer. You cannot go out with your buddies off roading, or have your friend winch you out of that mud hole that you're stuck in. It's solely single player.Lastly, the camera. There's no interior view, as the kick-starter for this game didn't make enough for it to be an included feature. The camera you have is very awkward and I've found myself stopping my truck just to reach over for the mouse and adjust the camera angle. It doesn't automatically move, at all. Additionally you only have two camera-settings to keybind. A Front/Back on/off toggle, and Trailer. That's literally it! The camera has been a real pet-peeve of mine. You might get around it but others, not so much.However, there is mod support for this game, and some mods might fix this camera issue, but I haven't found any success with that yet. You can modify this game with new maps, sounds, vehicles, textures, and other odds and ends. I haven't modded this game at all, so I can't confirm if modding this game is difficult or not.This is a very promising and satisfying game. If you can get past the camera, you can sink a lot of your time into this. The biggest thing that makes me happy about the game (Other than the G27 support) is that it made you think. I have little to no off-roading experience, so it is very fun to figure out how a certain situation was going to turn out. Buy this game and give it a go, you won't be disappointed."
76561198044291784,Recommended,263280,13960015,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Foxareno,in this game i watched the trailer and was like whats the point of just driving around. idk you actually have to try it to see what the fun is about because the game is literally so hard to get through the mud. it should be called mud simulator 2014. most of the gameplay is literally just trying to get through the harsh roads and getting stuck is inevitable so your gonna have to winch your♥♥♥♥♥♥out! i highly reccomend if it oges on sale i got it for 20 bucks and i dont regret spending the money at all
76561198078043835,Recommended,263280,12720676,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Dank_Toast,This game is very good. I enjoy its physics capability and its amazing landscape. The only thing I don't like about the game is when i wanted to access the new vehicles in the beta tab in properties it wan't there. Apart from that that I really like this game. I recommend it for people who like adventures.
,Recommended,263280,10477980,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,jssrfx,"This is a very interesting game. Definitely very accurate and detailed on the physics side of things; tires adapt to the surroundings, terrain deforms, trees bend, the truck suspension moves realistically; I would expect to see this leve lof realism on a real vehicle, not a virtual one. Great job on that!SpinTires is certainly not an easy game, because you constantly have to look where you're going and plan ahead. Depending on the route taken, fuel consumption needs to considered and active diff locks and all wheel drive certainly increases that amount of fuel used. Given the detail I would definitely rank it among the best simulation games I have ever played so far.The overall gameplay is based on unlocks on a specific map, and there are a number of ways to complete the objectives and side objectives. You can rescue a stranded truck by supplying it with fuel, or ""teleport"" it back to a garage; at least in non-hardcore mode. That's no fun though. Much more rewarding to fight your way to the truck with a cistern trailer full of fuel. You can also unlock additional garages that can serve as outposts along the way by supplying parts (""garage points"") which gives you more places to repair damage on your vehicles.The main objectives right now are hauling logs. Short, medium, or large ones, depending on your truck and specs. The longer the logs, the more points you get. Hopefully more objectives will be added in future, and ways to repair the roads etc. There are plenty of awesome suggestions in the developer's forums, including for vehicles with tracks!I definitely do agree with others though as far as the camera is concerned. It definitely needs improvement. It gets stuck at odd angles and it's almost hard work having to coerce it into moving around the vehicle you're driving; especially in tough spots. It's OK most of the time, but there are some situations that require a more precise camera perspective, and that's almost impossible to achieve.I can thoroughly recommend it though, and if you like simulation games of any kind, then this is for you. The price is also fair considering the fun you get out of it!Update FEB 2015:I finally had some time trying Spintires out again for a bit, I'm really positively surprised with the changes. Graphical improvements, additional trailers, the horns are funny and expanding sound waves a great idea. The changes mud physics make it a little more difficult, and so does the fueling which is no longer fully possible at a garage. It adds depth. I'm particularly fond of the trailers, since it now doesn't take endless trips anymore to unlock a garage in single-player. Good work overall.I still wish those ""fog of war"" tornadoes were replaced by something else, and that there were more objectives, but all in good time."
76561197977358879,Recommended,263280,10482892,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Dank Holmes,Do YOU enjoy:OFF-ROADING?EPIC COOP?MUD AND♥♥♥♥♥♥MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING RUSSIAN TRUCKS?MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING RUSSIAN TRUCKS WITH HUGE♥♥♥♥♥TRAILERS CARRYING LOGS?MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING RUSSIAN TRUCKS WITH HUGE♥♥♥♥♥TRAILERS CARRYING LOGS THROUGH MUD AND♥♥♥♥♥♥Buy this. Just do it. Best car-game I've ever played.10/10 Soviet bears
,Recommended,263280,10487616,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Aplem,"This game is like putting Euro Truck Simulator with Dark Souls. You die way too ♥♥♥♥ing much and there is no achieving your goals without dying over, and over, and over again."
76561197976166313,Recommended,263280,11219113,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,[TAW] Ghostcore,Surprisingly addicting!
76561198019339768,Recommended,263280,16920749,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Wiredgen,"Great Game ONLY If you can get it on sale from a decent price.PRO'S-Great Graphics-Mud Is So Frustrating But Cool- Co-op Servers Work With Minimal To No Lag Most Of The Time-Will Consume Your Life (Might Be A Con But Who Know's)CON'S-At $30 This game feel's incomplete,not a lot of vehicles and no mod support (yet)-Feel's like a beta or a tech demo-no real way to flip over a truck (it would be great if you could attach the winch to the side to give you better leverage)"
76561198102120703,Recommended,263280,11983261,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,{B.A.O}~RiskyWhiskey,"has flaws yes but all in all its fun as hell with other people especially if you find a group of people that wont rage quit, could use more vehicles better camra controls and angles and more maps but its fun i play it pretty much every day... NOTE: since updates and lack of proper care into the game from unnamed parties and misscomunication with the developer to ovee i would put a neutral recomendation you have to be a patient person to be able to withstand the lacking this game has as of currently we have been promised and promised items that have yet to show such as mod support for mp tracked vehicles more vehicles and more game modes as well as more tasks that have not shown yet it was released shortly after beta and it feels incompleted"
76561198043129163,Recommended,263280,14468657,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,_30,This game is amazing. It has the best graphics and terrain. The fact that you can drive in the mud unlike any other game.
,Recommended,263280,10497657,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Willow,"Awesome, complicated off roading gameplay.  There is a certain satisfaction playing online and rolling your truck to be wenched back upright by a bro.  The game 'feels' very good, tons of variety and limitless routes keeps the replayability high, playing online with others only adds to the experience.Hopefully the developer will continue polishing their product, to help it reach it's full potential."
,Recommended,263280,11512550,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Tamskick,"the most realistic mud ever exist in offroad franchise.but wait. this isn't about racing or time trial or competing against something, but it is about how long you could survive offroad driving, deep in the middle of (maybe) Russian forest alike.with a described objective, you are instructed (or not) to find a shortest (tentative) route to the main objective with a specified task.maybe this is the game for an offroad die-hard fans.cons:- no casual gaming- maybe it need a real off-road driving techniques to master this game- unfinished features (car attachement, variety of task, etc)- need more gameplay developmentpros:+ hardcore offroad driver should buy it+ close enough to the real offroad driving techniques+ realistic mud and water (the best so far)+ awesome physics+ sandboxes are great! cool environment!+ haven't try multiplayer yet, i guess it'll be great+ you dont have to spend $15000++ for a real offroad car and pay the landlord for your driving issuesi bought it at $29.99 and it is worth it"
76561197970707710,Recommended,263280,11994209,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Jericho,"There's plenty of other reviews out there that can give you the scoop on all the features of this game, so I won't attempt to add to that already voluminous dialogue. What I will do is tell you a story about just one of my experiences with the game:I was hauling a medium-sized load of logs to the drop-off point. My truck of choice for this job was a nice three-axle number called the C255. With locking differentials and six wheel drive, this thing was pulling the load with ease. This truck builds confidence – the kind of confidence that persuades a person to take a shortcut.It looked safe enough at first: gentle rolling hills covered in deep emerald-green grass. However, the beauty of this pastoral scene belied the agonizing brown muck that lay just inches below those damp blades grass. Before I knew it, the C255 was buried up to the fenders. Those fat lumpy tires churned away at the mud like a mixer in cake batter, but the truck wouldn't budge. I tried reversing, turning, then forward again, over and over, and nothing worked. A scan of the surroundings for a winch anchor was fruitless. I was stranded in the middle of beautiful field of green grass that disguised the truck-swallowing mud beneath. A situation like this called for extreme measures.The answer was the E7310. I call this bad boy the Behemoth. It's an 8x8 that's as big as two city buses and this thing does. not. get. stuck. Period. Which is good, because all it's really good for is rescuing other trucks that are stuck. Once I arrived on the scene, it was a simple matter of hooking up a tow line and away we go. It was at this point that I was reminded of an old saying about “best laid plans.”In my eagerness to see how effective the Behemoth would be at towing my log truck out of the muck, I forgot to adjust the steering on the towed vehicle. As I'm pulling it out of the mud, one of the wheels gets hung on a rock, and the whole thing goes crashing over on its side. And there, scattered across those rolling green hills, were my precious logs. Oh, bother.Fortunately, I had an answer for this as well. I brought in a third truck, another three-axle called the C4320. This one had the perfect attachment for my dilemma: a crane. With this handy-dandy I had the C255 upright and reloaded lickety-split, and the logs were delivered without further incident.Now, if a person were to experience the above-described scenario in real life, it would make for a pretty craptacular day. But doing it in this game, I was having a ball. This was truly one of my all-time best gaming moments. This game takes something that would drive a man to spit nails and makes it fun. Really fun. And that's what makes this game special."
76561197976385502,Recommended,263280,10678104,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,L.T. Smash,"Stuck in the Mud, FOR MOTHER RUSSIA10/10"
,Recommended,263280,33190743,Posted: 3 July,all,Jii Koo,The mud and water look amazing and the game is great fun.
,Recommended,263280,33337751,Posted: 7 July,all,wc-umum,"fantastic, so much realistic when i use my g27 wheel"
76561198057849214,Recommended,263280,12788905,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,FORCE,well... Its Ok
,Recommended,263280,12767108,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Neuf,"I find it strange that I like this game as much as I do. After all I get easily frustrated and angry when I get my car stuck in the snow. But I find SPINTIRES delightful and satisfying from how much hard work it forces you to put into it.SPINTIRES is a game that puts you in the middle of some isolated forest or marsh, and your goal is to deliver logs from the lumber yard to the mill. Sounds straightforward.However, the terrain will prove to be your biggest obstacle. Most 'roads' are nothing more than muddy trenches, destinations sit at the top of steep hills, and it will become necessary to haul logs and trailers through rivers...which may end in disaster. Fortunately, you have some pretty hefty trucks at your disposal, a couple of which can barrel over smaller trees with no problem.The aforementioned satisfaction comes from trudging through the mud and reaching your destination with your load intact. There's a wonderful sense of accomplishment when you get your vehicle stuck and manage to winch yourself to a tree and pull yourself out.The physics SPINTIRES is something to boast about. The terrain changes under your tires, depending on the vehicle you're operating; mud gets kicked up, roads get chewed up, small bridges might collapse under your weight.You can play more casually by respawning your vehicle to an unlocked garage or not have to worry about shifting gears manually. But there is a hardcore mode where respawning is disabled, providing a more realistic experience; if your vehicle is stuck submerged in a river, you need a bigger truck to pull it out.Even so, at the start of each level your traveller's map will be covered in black spots. To uncover these, for better or for worse, you need to drive to the source of these spots to remove the cloaking. This promotes more aggressive exploration, though this is more of a negative than a positive for some players, as there is no option to have the entire map visible.There is a multiplayer option in SPINTIRES as well as steering wheel support, though there are many people who have had issues with both lately. Briefly glancing through forums, there might be some fixes that can clear up these issues, but hopefully the developers will look into the problems quickly and patch them out.All in all, I highly recommend SPINTIRES. I've sunk a lot of hours into delivering logs across a marsh and walked away feeling satisfied and very entertained. Sounds strange, but, if you give it a try, you might be surprised at how fun it can be."
,Recommended,263280,10611277,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ålex,The Russians sure knows how to make a good game! 10Vodka/10Vodka!!!
76561198097230749,Recommended,263280,17609014,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,TracTerror10,"this game is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!! the way mud moves and water moves its great, alot better than most offroad games out today, although they could improve the crashes but i think they look good. its a BIG YES from me :)"
,Recommended,263280,13195749,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Thatgaminguy,i recomend this game for people that love off roading or if you just want to play a game thats relaxing
76561198001530191,Not Recommended,263280,34644544,Posted: 31 August,all,Maussie,"The publishers Eevoo of this game screwed over the developer Pavel Zagrebelny, not giving him the space and opportunity to finish the game the way he liked to.Pavel Zagrebelny is now releasing Spintires: Mudrunners, which is just the game the way he wanted to finish it. You could probably give that game a chance.Don't buy this one."
76561197970421503,Not Recommended,263280,34950816,Posted: 14 September,all,lairyboy,"There was great potential, but if I am reading between the lines correctly, the original developer got bent by the publisher and was reluctant to do beyond the minimum to fulfil his contract. Meanwhile, developing a new version for a different more recognised publisher."
,Recommended,263280,26821172,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JustMeBubba,"Don't let the fact that it hasn't been updated in a while fool you. Between the various truck and map mods you'll be playing for countless hours. I know I have.If you can get it on sale definately pick it up, it's well worth the money."
,Not Recommended,263280,34517389,Posted: 26 August,all,JaeBlaZe,DO NOT BUY. wait for the new version. SPINTIRES:Mudrunner.the devs and the publisher had massive disagreement issues with basicly killed this version of the game.
76561198012763473,Recommended,263280,14605391,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,BearMan22,"this game is a very fun game in many ways. it has realistic physics and terrain including how the mud squishes to the side when run over and the trucks are very realistic as well with the models and sounds and how there will be mud and water stains depending on what the truck has gone through. it has levels that take time and new ways to travel. the trucks are customizable which is very cool and in multiplayer it is fun working as a team with others. winching your truck out of a mess or somebody elses out is realistic and it gives a hint on what logging is live for the transport drivers. this i would assume takes place during the getting out of the forest stage during transport. the vehicles that work the best offroading in my opinion are the C-4320 or Ural 4320, C6520 or Kamaz 6520, C-255 or KRAZ 255, D-537 or MAZ 537, E-7310 or MAZ 7310 and the vehicles with a bit of trouble are the B-130 or ZIl 130 and the A-469 or UAZ 469. there are some negatives though but not many. some of the physics are glitchy like some vehicles are too top heavy and the tires will sometimes get stuck. another thing is a way to mod the game which as far as i am concerned is unknown. but there is mores positives then negatives and i definitly recommend this game."
,Recommended,263280,13078333,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Tryrose,"Great game! Yes, it is an uncompleted game, Like the Cameras are wonky. No Cab view. And in my opinion some mud spots are just reduculacly hard. And there are still some bugs. But it is a very great base game! Cant wait for them to add more!"
76561198073479976,Recommended,263280,25560411,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ReedFPS,♥♥♥♥♥ dope
76561198244697202,Recommended,263280,25597010,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Ben is not good at video games,"BEST OFFROAD GAME ON THE MARKET, IT WILL SO FUN I PROMISE!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198007277448,Recommended,263280,25592664,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Orestes1986,"If you have (as I do) the necessary brain damage to like games like this then good news!This is Awesome! Ok the interface is crude and sometimes annoying but, well it's something you can live with."
76561198158947925,Recommended,263280,25698666,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,CHARLIE_ALPHA_FOXTROT,"absolutely love this game... however, the camera controls are seriously lacking. dont get me wrong, i love every other aspect of this game, but after 144+ hours of  playing with mouse and keyboard you'd think i'd be used to the unpredictable mouse controls... (i'm not)"
76561198063545962,Recommended,263280,26642217,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,biffchicken,Awesome offroad 4x4 simulation. Tons of fun with friends.
,Recommended,263280,10462016,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,WILLY THE SEAMAN,I can feel my chest hair grow while playing this game.
,Recommended,263280,11689102,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Jonno the gr8,"I LOVE this game. so much.. BUT I HATE, HATE the camera. for me it takes away so much of the playabilty. its fiddly and extremely annoying making it difficult to get out of certain situations. Game woould be perfect if the camera was just.... normal. other than that i fully recommend this game. Who doesnt love big trucks and mud?"
76561198071725736,Recommended,263280,11586565,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,LostAzrdraco,"This game is awesome! The controls take a bit of getting used to. Best offroad physics I've seen. You will get stuck. Your winch is your best friend.The only thing this game is in SERIOUS need of, is to be able to save your multiplayer game. If you play with friends, if you don't finish, you start over.Great fun and makes you really think. Watch out for the rocks!"
76561198135394200,Recommended,263280,15357709,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,BleescreanRagere,"this is a great game with lots of potential,"
76561198071749803,Recommended,263280,10904911,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,the.wicinoo,"If you love big trucks and offroad driving for the sake of overcoming obstacles and heavy terrain with average speed of 100 meters / minute, you will love this game! If you admire old solid trucks from Soviet era that you can fix with just a hammer, it's a cherry on top. In contrast, if you are after BAJA race-like game then this is not what you're looking for (at least till modding community gets its hands on it properly).Lookup some gameplay videos on youtube, e.g.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrYr5SzGoS8If you like what you see when others play it, you will enjoy the game.-------------Some details:It is quite difficult even on ""casual"" settings and you need to think before you drive into something. It's prudent to check the game manual or some tutorials to find out how to use all wheels drive, differential lock and winch, otherwise you may end up stuck 10 seconds after leaving your garage.Yes, the camera sucks and could do with some tweaks at least (which devs already promised to do), but even in it's current form you can live with it. It takes some getting used to but in the end you will learn how to tame it (I have tried just keyboard and mouse controls though).It lasts to be an exciting challenge for some 15-20 hours of singleplayer (roughly the time it takes to complete all maps at causal diff.), after that it can get repetitive for some people (it's always: explore map + unlock goodies -> find easiest route -> make 2-4 trips with logs). I suppose you could repeat all that on Hard, but given that you will know the maps already and remember how to avoid mud traps... Hopefully we will see some more content added and also stuff from modding community that will extend the playability.As for multiplayer, I haven't tried myself yet but from what I have seen on youtube it can be even more fun.Other things that are slightly annoing but probably won't spoil your first 20 hours:- You can't save progress on each map independently (devs promised to fix this though)- Once you finish a map it resets and is ""cloaked"" again- Multiplayer doesn't sync all sounds (will hopefully be fixed in future updates)"
,Recommended,263280,11324012,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Dillon,Great F***in Game!
,Recommended,263280,15567389,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Trav Gaming,amazing great graphics and really puts u to the test
76561198029069901,Recommended,263280,13544086,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Unknownaussie,hell yes i reccomend this it is an amazing game soo much fun :D
,Recommended,263280,15668083,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Horizon,*first five minutes*Gets car stuck on tree and keeps driving forward4/20 would bang a tree again
,Recommended,263280,12736784,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Spencinator,"FANTASTIC GAME!Please don't listen to the people that are complaining about this game, they really are just bellyaching about things that there is no point in bellyaching about.This game truly is quite amazing, in many ways:-PhysicsThis game's physics engine is ASTOUNDING. Everyting in the world is realistic; squishy mud, rolling rocks, bending shrubs and even trees that sway, wobble, and break! Yes, you heard me right, when you crash into trees, they actually move! I don't know why other games have stupid static trees that have no affect when you crash into them. The physics are definitely what makes this game amazing, but that is not all.-TrucksAlthough there are only seven trucks in the game, they are all extremely well modeled and detailed, and each truck is very different. It is a great experience discovering all the trucks on the map, and then learning the best uses for each one. Plus the trucks are all Russian, so, yeah, automattically amazing.-MapsThe five maps on the game are all very diverse. Five may seem like a small number, but each one of the maps is HUGE. Also, each map is very different to explore. There are many different buildings, landmarks, and natural landforms on every map. The ""cloaking"" system on the maps adds a unique challenge to the game. The only unfortunate thing about the maps is that only one map can be save =d at a time, so if you start a new map, everything you did on the other map will be erased. Hopefully this will be changed soon.-MultiplayerI didn't go into this game expecting great multiplayer. I was pleasantly surprised, though, when I saw how well the multiplayer worked. It was very easy to do, and it makes the game even better playing with other people. This game is very good when teamwork is put into effect; each person can try to conquer a different task on the map, and if somebody gets stuck in the mud, you can help them by attaching your winch to them. Playing Spintires on multiplayer is just a fun and interesting way to collaborate and work together, and believe it or not, it is actually awesome.SUMMARY (TL;DR)Spintires is an amazing offroad driving simulator, with extremely realistic physics, trucks, and maps. It also has great, easy, and fun to use multiplayer.I believe this game is already fantastic, but I do still have high hopes for whatever changes will occur to it in the future!Final Score: 8.9/10"
,Recommended,263280,10481575,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Crom,"""Boldly go where no truck has gone before....and get stuck in the mud""While the game clearly needs more content and objectives for players to do, it is already a great off-road game and we haven't had too many of those in recent years. Physics, animations and visuals are impressive for an indie title and it is comfortable to play with Xbox 360 pad. It is also a proper simulator game and if you don't treat it as such, expect to get stuck over and over again. User interface and expecially the camera are not great, but you'll get used to them.Playing this game also makes you appreciate tarmac and bridges so much more."
,Recommended,263280,13803232,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,HadoukeN- L.Q.M,"Nice game, Powerful Russian machines!!!"
,Recommended,263280,13655786,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ohnomelon,"I am really enjoying this game. I can't think of anything that I dislike about it really. Sure it isn't a deeply featured game (take this and that, from here to there, get stuck a lot), but the beauty is in its simplicity. I have almost completed all objectives in the Coast map on hardcore difficulty, and three of us managed to complete all objectives in the River map in much less time on normal difficulty. There are still many maps which offer small variations in difficulty if I should wish to play more. At the moment I actually feel pretty satisfied and could walk away without regret. I purchased for $10 when it was on sale. I'm not sure I would spend more than $15.My favorite thing so far has been recovering spilled logs. When I was still getting the hang of things, I tipped over a few times, which can cause a load of logs to be dropped. Some trucks have a crane attachment that lets you pick up the logs and sort of place them back in the truck bed or within the cart, and once you have enough of them alligned you can recover the load and continue on your way to the objective.My least favorite thing has to be the camera. It feels like leftover code from when the software was intended as a tech showcase. It is very impractical when you're actually trying to survey the environment."
,Recommended,263280,11015339,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Max Crowbar,"You're pulling a load of logs around a bend in the muddy, churned up road when terror strikes.Your truck is listing heavily to the right side. You hit the brakes to keep the situation from getting worse. Your front left tire leaves the ground and spins helplessly in the air. You're inches away from tumbling down the hill and losing your entire load of lumber, not to mention your truck.""Wait, what if I...""You activate the crane on top of your truck. You extend the arm and swing it out to the left.Your tire touches down.You tap the gas and ease your way through the rest of the turn with your crane acting as a counterweight.Yes, that♥♥♥♥♥♥actually works in this game. It's ♥♥♥♥in' amazing."
76561198063570798,Recommended,263280,14460465,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,D. Jankovic,"Ohhh ohhh Spin Tires...damn it...i spend 2 full days on this game as soon it came out this one amazed me....just tell me who doesn't like to be stuck in mud :D  Game is awesome graphics,physx all that combined is pretty nice looking game again like in every game few bugs but none gamebreaking  few features missing but game is still in heavy development(at least that what devs say)There was story roaming around and i dont want  to trust any of those just want to see game being worked on and more stuff added. Would love to see wood cutting machine so the transporting lumber have some purpose at least.My statement again if you are in sim games like i am this one is definitely gonna keep you glued for a chair good amount of hoursPS. Don't take the easy route"
76561198266995892,Recommended,263280,30234137,Posted: 27 February,all,Bryan,very fun off road game most likey the most realistic one you are going to find
76561198080152550,Recommended,263280,13379631,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,ＮＥＴＳＣＡＰＥ,You get to destroy the enviroment.9 / Climate Change
,Recommended,263280,12497526,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,-ikon- aerosucks,my character looks like an half-asian Mick Jagger...
76561197983822160,Recommended,263280,12807468,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Bitchass Lucifer,I saw the demo video for this game and my interest was piqued. Off roading and dubstep? WHY NOT?!Honestly though this game is either hit or miss. I personally love it. My friends are constantly giving me hell for playing a logging simulator though.The fun in this game is honestly derived from multiplayer. If you can convince a couple of your friends to pick it up with you I can promise laughs will be had.
,Recommended,263280,19550069,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TurboRaccoon,11/10  - DanlyThe only game that you can be a man and show your breast hair !
76561198059878648,Recommended,263280,20136433,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,AirWales,"Mechanical beasts in the Russian wilderness, what more can you ask for??I love this game and my money was well spent. This game is beautiful graphically and im very impressed with the overall phyics in the game. This game is incrediblly fun and extremely addictive! Especially with friends in multiplayer mode where the more challenging side of the game appears.But inspite of all this no games are perfect.....What ive found wrong with this game in my opinion is the lack trucks (sure there are countless addons for the truck which make them different evrytime) the game reallly needs to add about 10 more different base trucks.  The view when driving the trucks can get very annoying somtimes and i wish they would have added a first person view. Some of the controls are also quite ""clunky"" and i found myslef having to use an Xbox 360 contoller to make life easier. Also this game lacks in updates which is very disapointing.Overall I recommend you buy this game especially in a sale, youll get your moneys worth."
,Recommended,263280,13613715,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Some Clown,"When I got this game I thought this was gonna be a walk in the park. I find out fast thats not the case, after my long log truck flipped in heavy mud....10/10 Love the Mudfest Battle"
,Recommended,263280,12807791,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,"YES, THIS IS TROLL",I do like this game very much despite the fact that I normally don't play these kinds of games. However it surprised me and had me going for hours on end. I like the multiplayer aswell although I would like for the developers to implement a saving function for the multiplayer games aswell.Excited to see how this game develops in the future. :)
76561197962785251,Recommended,263280,21817328,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Polygon,"Really a great game that is largely overlooked, moslty I suppose,  because of it's genre. The graphics and mechanics are truly superb! There are a great manifold of trucks to choose from (and not just stock trucks, but astonishing user additons from the workshop).The only negative to report really is it can get repetitious after a while. Playing MP, though, can diminish this factor."
76561198119816881,Recommended,263280,12958228,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,QueenOfGreen,"what a badass way to kill some time... okay, a LOT of time. :)"
,Recommended,263280,10489715,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Lowki Totoro,I spent 10 minutes trying to get an 8 wheel truck up a muddy hill.10/10.
76561198159691333,Recommended,263280,13918513,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,[NL]MD,it is almost real. you wil enjoy the mud with spintires! Get dirty!
76561198136183015,Recommended,263280,14166972,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,James_Official,this is a gooooood game it is 1 it is a awsome offroading
,Recommended,263280,12078392,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Shrimp1037,this game is awsome get it
,Recommended,263280,10454912,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,heavy damage inflictor,"Yeah, I recomend this game ."
,Not Recommended,263280,34878102,Posted: 11 September,all,Mooby00,"I loved this game, but i have to leave a do not buy.Devs have gone to abandon-ware with this title and have now started a new one.Looks like a money grab to me.Recommend no purchase, and no purchase of the new ticket as I feel confident it will go abandon-ware after the initial money grab"
76561198034940209,Recommended,263280,34451704,Posted: 23 August,all,Francis Amali,"Lets start by saying if you dont like a challenge you may not enjoy this. Especially if you're not familiar with off roading in real life. However, playing online or reading tutorials will get you up to speed rather quickly. If you like trucks and mudding, not to mention seeing the limits of many different vehicles you will love this game. There is no racing to finish, timed events or anything like that unless the players want to. Its great to play this when you want to have fun but dont like the intensity of some games that require constant attention. You can sit back and sip your beer/bowl and literally not have to move until you feel like it. You may run out of diesel though. So in closing if youre a offroad or even just a truck guy, give it a shot I really think you'll enjoy it."
76561198046847367,Not Recommended,263280,34491098,Posted: 25 August,all,Hyko,"Abandoned game.  Very dissapointed to see this game stall in development and dropped to be rebranded and resold.  It would need a ton of development to warrant that, which seems unlikely to offer anything better than the existing modding community already has."
,Recommended,263280,22581450,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,BomB,Really Awesome game for people who enjoy offroading and good vehicle physics!
76561198079123131,Recommended,263280,18437152,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,{DCMT}>>DrGoNzO1489<<,"Great game, fans of rigs of rods will really enjoy this game! Being a modder and mapper I will also say the game regardless of what is said is quite mod friendly. That is all..."
,Recommended,263280,20174708,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SMcG Gamer,"The point of Spintires is to deliver logs. That's it. Logs. You know what? It's AMAZING!!! The textures are highly detailed, the physics are suberb and you have a whole garage of Russian military vehicles to aid you in your mission to deliver logs across all terrains, crossing rivers, mudpits, scaling rocky cliffs. What's more, player's attitudes toward this are fantastic. Never have I met a nicer bunch of people than on a Spintires multiplayer game, where after completing the map everyone thanked me just for hosting the server! Another time I played with three Russians, not speaking a word of their language, and we all knew exactly what to do, helping each other out of the stickiest situations. Competitive gaming is okay as far as I'm concerned but nothing feels better than helping your peers cooperatively. Buy it now."
76561198132247020,Recommended,263280,34776222,Posted: 6 September,all,Davy Nae Nails,"I really Love this game and the whole idea of it how many other games are like it? Absolutely zero. Its the leader in a league of its own and it needs your support you have open maps and highly detailed physics, visuals, vehicles and ground deformations, I picked it up early access for around £15 and was able to run it in a hotel room on a mid range laptop on medium settings, but on my gaming pc at home its absolutely beautiful.Now it has had bad criticism recently due to the developers creating a new spintires:mudrunner instead of making more free content for the cheapskates in the original but do your research and you'll find out a valid reason for them doing so. (Legal stuff)Now the maths £15 for spintires and £11@50% for :mudrunner £26 for 2x games is a bargain nowadays considering i just paid £20 for 5 mins on a jetski on holiday or £120+ each time i take my car to knockhill  :)The content is limited in the original but again this is down to (legal stuff) :mudrunner is set to have more maps and vehicles and better campaign so it has my full backing even if i dont play it i will still buy it,Without customer support the game is dead any game/sim in this genre deserves a chance after all we are very limited in choice to good driving/racing gamesHope this was helpfull in swaying your decision to the right one?"
,Recommended,263280,12796541,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,iamdead,thay need to at least have o dlc
76561197971190023,Recommended,263280,10734489,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,John Locke,Can i get a tow?
76561198027738602,Not Recommended,263280,33019286,Posted: 29 June,all,Cpt_Esquilo,"Don't  buy this game, devs have abandoned the game, no updates for more almost 1.5 years. They promissed updates, took them 1 year to release it an then poof, nothing else, thet ran with everybody's money. No news, no sorry's were given, simply gone. Don't waste your money, not even on sale. It's a really good game, in it's concept, but given the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs, THE GAME IS FREAKING DEAD. And really sad about it, really wanted to be a good game, really wanted to give a good review. But no."
,Recommended,263280,13295839,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Billman87,Enjoyably but frustrating Multi Player is a work in progress.But Single player is great.Highly recommended having Wheel/PedalsWorks with SoftTH and scales perfectly to any aspect ratio.
76561198174743014,Recommended,263280,28936286,Posted: 2 January,all,¡ Hellcase.com csgobounty.com,Very good and realistic game! I recommend this for all offroad fans :)
,Recommended,263280,13520337,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,✪ C.K.,AKA Bogged Down SimulatorWhen you feel everything is going fine there is always that one rock or that one tree that will screw you.When everything is not going fine... just wait a few moments because it will get worse.If you always wanted to get several vehicles stuck in mud in a short amount of time this is the game for you.Play with friend it is less humiliating that way.6/10 dirty dirty game
,Recommended,263280,28511882,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,brexité???1,>find person online>doesnt speak a word of english>complete 2 maps only using the horn and waypoints>the only person I play with now10/10 best ruski honking sim 2017
,Recommended,263280,12518011,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,byte0xFF,"This game is awesome.  You drive around the deep wilderness in old russian trucks (some of which are very large), carry a ton of logs across the region, and get stuck or run out of fuel.  Rescue yourself with another truck.My favorite moment was when I was far away from the garage.  I was towing a small jeep behind a large truck, and crossing a narrow bridge (over a ~4 meter ditch).  The big truck slipped off the edge of the bridge, fell in the ditch, rolled on it's side, and stalled.I drove the jeep across the bridge, positioned myself behind a tree, and attached the winch to the big truck.  It groaned, and the tree bent backward, but nothing moved.  I jot the gas (tires spinning) and the winch. and the big truck just barely slid down the side of the ditch, and rolled upright.I got in the big truck, started it up, engaged the diff lock and all-wheel drive, and floored it towards the end of the ditch.  I made it near the top, hit the handbrake, and winched myself out.I drove around the edge of the ditch, put the jeep into tow, and adventured on.  Epic."
,Recommended,263280,12678952,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,SkippyTehRoo,"Ths game is called SpinTires. The most un-misleading title to ever feature in a game, as you quite obviously spend most of your time spinning your tires in a desperate attempt to free yourself without flipping on your side.Don't get me wrong though, this game is, as kids say nowadays, Da Bomb. SpinTires is a decide-your-path-and-see-what-happens kinda game, every turn is a choice of ranging difficulty or length, and one wrong turn can ruin your plan of action.I would highly recommend this game to anyone with a love of offroading, driving, or even just Russian trucks in general.10 out of 10."
,Recommended,263280,10502977,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,SonnyukCat19,"Good game, lots of mud. 10/10 would bang."
76561198023868404,Recommended,263280,19703742,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Glenn_74_Swe,Best game I have played for a long long time. Just do something about that camera will ya!
,Recommended,263280,12821002,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Z0MBIETIMMY,probably one of the best offroad games out there the physics are amazing the mudd in this game is awesome its a must buy..
76561198012692223,Recommended,263280,13118162,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,davidcommons,"Great fun just plugging around, well worth the money in the sale!.negatives:*camera control when winching is a pain.* fuel levels in all trucks drops unrealistically fast (fuel conservation is a key objective in completing the maps).*still early access and seems the development has been slow so far. (what content is there is good quality though).*no in cab view (it would be of limited use as you need to see whats goung on all around you, but a sim purist expects to have it these days)Positives:*The way the terrain churns up is a little exagerated but that is the showcase aspect of the sim so I guess they wanted it to be obvious, that said its very impressive.*The way trees bend or break is pretty impressive true open world with great detail.*great looking graphics, plenty of eye candy.*controls are easy to learn, in a few minutes your quickly changing gears, diff lock and AWD without having to think about it."
76561198157173796,Recommended,263280,13926421,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,MASON,i love this gane me and my friend played this all day lol id get  this game
,Recommended,263280,10464026,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,closeshave,Very gute game. Extremely high quality off-road sim.
,Recommended,263280,10989190,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,OREO,اللعبه حلووووه بس مشكلتها منضور الشخصي الاول وثالث مررره تعبانولا فيها حفض للمابات وسعر غالي جدا بنسبه للمابات والسيارات الي فيها
,Recommended,263280,25059293,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,(F19) SmarOneNine,"Dont know where to start lol , Such a fun addicting game! The physics are amazing best ive seen! The community so far is very friendly and helpful to us noobs lol , The vehicles/maps mods are incredible very talented people here! I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Simulator games , Mud Running , Mountain Climbing , Trail Riding and so much more!"
,Recommended,263280,12059395,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Hanskahomma,"You want to feel Soviet Union's dieselpower of the World War 2? then this is the game just for you!Real man's game those who like to stuck in mud and drive like crazy with heavy loads.Graphics are awesome and physics too. Recomendet 9.5/10/////Mahtava peli, suosittelen kaikille jotka tykkävät vähänkin maasto ajosta. Neuvostoliittolaisilla autoilla ajaminen keskellä metsää on mahtavinta mitä peli voi tarjota, pelin grafiikat ja fysiikka on aivan mahtava saati myös jousitus. Suosittelen."
,Recommended,263280,33709901,Posted: 21 July,all,Noodles,Its a good game I just don't like the angles for views but other than that amazing!
,Recommended,263280,13548402,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Fred Nut,I knocked down some trees11/10 would tree again
,Recommended,263280,12704457,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Jyizorz,"Game is so far everything I was waiting for and more.Logitech G27 works great. Had to tweak a couple settings in Profiler to make it feel a bit more real, but over all, the wheel feels incredible. Huge fan ofiRacing.com, so realistic wheel physics is a must for me and this game nails it in my opinion.Mud, mud, and so much mud! Love it!Single player could use a bit more, but it's great for some mind-numbing entertainment. Just doesn't feel rewarding enough for the grind it takes. Multiplayer is by the far the best part, and most entertaining. Much easier to get stuff done when you have 4 people, of course. This is how the game is supposed to be played, IMO. Maybe an AI option on the Singleplayer in the future?I paid sale price, but after playing it, I probably would have still waited to pay sale price. ;)"
76561198093210442,Not Recommended,263280,15317061,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,B1GJ4Y420,Considering how long this game has been out and its progress id say youve likely lost half your fan base. Its a good game dont get me wrong but it gets old fast. Especially when we have been using the same vehicles since the stupid demo and you keep trying to inprove gameplay. Very little things on gameplay... like things most people hardly notice. How about adding mod support or some damn vehicles? And than according to the update new or whatever its called your speaking of a spintires 2 already? Bahaha have fun going bankrupt you have lost too many of us fellow players due to what was mentioned above. How about you finish this current game now not 30 years down the road.
76561198100766766,Recommended,263280,13946908,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Optimus Prime,"Really lifelike, I reccomend this game if you like scenery, or high quallity graphics"
76561198027385824,Recommended,263280,31632739,Posted: 8 May,all,fffalwaysma86,"I think this is a pretty fun game, I even made a map to play with Spintires Editor ""play ground 13"". The game is more fun with all the different mods that are in the Steam workshop. Here are the 2 websites you want to go to for maps-http://spintires.nl/https://spintires-mods.eu/-Look under ""Spintires 2014 Mods"" Also where I have my map.  :)Plus I recommend this big truck cause, well besides being big and awesome, and the nice addons, it can be used for game achievements-https://spintires-mods.eu/caterpillar-257m-8x8-addons/"
,Recommended,263280,31319911,Posted: 23 April,all,GQ Racing,Its the best game ever
,Not Recommended,263280,18096243,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,FURHAVENBURGER,"The level of dissapointment I have for this game is unmattched by any other game I own. The worst communication from a game publisher I've ever seen. Ever.This game is infact unfinished. Don't let anyone fool you into beliving it is. It left early access about a year ago, and in that time, more bugs and issues have been made by the very few tiny updates than have been fixed. Then to make things worse, They have gone to extream measures to stop modders from fixing bugs, making maps, add objectives and new trucks. Currently, there is only one objective type, of the many promiced, which is hauling logs. The multiplayer mode is horribly broken and not playble for most players.At this point, the free tech demo is just as playble and has a ton of mods. Don't give OOVEE a single cent. This game has sold so many copies, they could have hired a new tech team from scratch to fix and finish this game and still have their hottubs full of money. They rarely communicate any information other than you will burn in hell for making mods, to the point that the forum mods only apologize for how badly Oovee is handling all this.It would take so little effort from Oovee to fix this game, and their reputation, its insulting. To the point that not only will I never buy another product from them, will never stop telling people to avoid them, but when this company eventually rebrands/renames it self, I will be the first to stand up and be the biggest voice to tell people not buy their games.Oovee, I only hope you go away and never publish another game again."
,Not Recommended,263280,17514762,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,jtf440,"I have put 80 hours on this game and havent played it in a month because I can't find a reason to play it. The dev's last post was in late May. ITS AUGUST. The terrain deformation is cool to look at and all, but it just got boring. There are mods, too but they seem to be all a variation of a vehicle every one and their mother has heard of. Unless you enjoy playing a game and then getting bored of it after a while, DON'T BUY IT. It seems that all of the devs have died without a trace."
,Recommended,263280,15693114,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,4K Dragon,LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!! 69/10
76561198069123711,Not Recommended,263280,34466930,Posted: 24 August,all,Jewritos,devs threw everyone under the bus
76561198162897629,Not Recommended,263280,18152718,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,cadetboi123,"Don't get me wrong, this game was fun. I've spent hours trying to get my truck through some tough terrain, as well as hauling out friends in the process. Now, you've probably realized that I'm talking in the past tense.Oovee, the company behind this game, has literally done nothing in the past eight months, all the while making promises that didn't become fulfilled. The guy that created the game, Pavel, has literally told players that the company refuses to communicate. They've taken their money and ran. I feel sorry for Pavel, as it's obvious that he wants to take this game somewhere through repeated posts and messages. This game is dead, or at least it's dying. As of typing this, there are less then 400 people playing.Don't get it. Unless something starts happening, don't get it."
76561198038469926,Recommended,263280,22815127,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Nate,"This scenic off road getaway is just what I need after a long day to reset my anger button. It's smooth game play and innovative interface design, allows one to truly escape to the rough and unforgiving Russian bush country.  Joining friends and helping the occasional Comrade is just another day on the job in this ground rutting, mud bogging, man's playground we all know as SPINTIRES!"
76561198031260263,Not Recommended,263280,17362574,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Erik Taurus,"Is this game dead?This is the question everyone ask as it seems the developer and or publishers is having fun spending the coins we gave them when purchasing this game.Spintiresis a great game and concept and in my previous review I recommended this game, but I can't do the same now as it isn't finished and probably never will be.The game is still after eight months since my purchase riled with game breaking bugs*.Where the issues with achievements not triggering being the most annoying for me.One of those achievements I spent dosens of hours trying to get but without luck, such a waste of time.There have been updates, but those turned out to be more detailed maps not ready for release when the game got rushed out on the market, but the core game is still not mended...If you are interested and find this on sale, go ahead and buy it but don't say I didn't warn you.*See list of problems in my previous review:Is this a road?Or is it a:River?Lake?Swamp?Ditch?Something else?In Spintires EVERYTHING can be a road!It would take too much time to write down everything I like with this game.From the mud torn up from the ground as you drive over it, or leaves falling off trees as you gently ""brush"" them with your truck!If you like driving around in the wilderness without fearing the government accusing you for damaging the environment, this is a must buy!There's also a strategic element in the game, which route to take and etc.However, there are some problems:Achievements trigger when they want or not at all!The camera implementation in this game must be one the worst I've seen.The trucks take damage but the damage doesn't affect how the truck behaves.(i.e. a 99% damaged truck* can still run)The large trucks are a bit too good, it is impossible to get them stuck in mud as the game doesn't care about them due to their weight would sink down and ""hang"" on the frame.Multiplayer is too easy, the objectives are the same as in SP which makes them a bit too easy to complete in MP.In multiplayer each player gets their own set of trucks, which makes the objectives even easier to complete.Attaching carts/trailers to trucks is very hard as the game is very precise with the position of the truck, the same applies to loading logs.IMHO randomly generated maps would help when you run out of things to do.*Sure they're Russian made, but ..."
76561197973156448,Not Recommended,263280,28312274,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Aper,"Game with tons of potential that felt down the ledge. No updates, no future improvements announced, nothing.Its a fun game with friends for like 1-2 hours, after it becomes boring and lacking of challenges."
,Not Recommended,263280,13705860,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Droc,"The game that never was.A slightly expanded demo.  Huge potential, but the publisher and the developer had a childish fight and the finished game never arrived, and never will.dont buy, the demo is 90% of the full game."
76561198039423947,Not Recommended,263280,26521260,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Princess Sascha,"**WARNING: The Devs have ditched this game!! DO NOT BUY!!**That being said, it's an ok game with a lot of potential that will never be fulfilled as the devs have left town and will not return. Sorry for everyone that has spent any money on this game. Sad face emoji."
76561198132281692,Not Recommended,263280,15232907,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,S4ND3R,"You can randomly disconnect, and you can not save on multiplayer which is enoying as ****. Me and my friend came far in multiplayer and then we got disconnected. Plss update this game."
76561198006075090,Not Recommended,263280,17019090,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,bones2oo21,To start with:I have 249 hrs in this game Fun game with lots of potential. The core content lasted me about 10hrs the mods is what got me this far. However thats where the good ends.The bad: The devlopment of the game has constantly been one let down after another. The early patches came slowly (or so we thought we knew slow) and where bugged. New promises where made by said devloper and publisher and I refer to those two entities seppreatly because  they act as two sepperate things. Then came more delayed bugged patches which either released broken non working maps or broke game play entirely followed by severe conflict between Oovee the UK based Publisher and Pavle the Russian Devloper.  Then more promises made and and more let downs by both. The norm seems to be Pavel promises somthing then Oovee tells the forums about it then Pavel changes his mind posts his own stuff on an russian based media site and all the mud slinging repeats.The Worse:Publisher has moderators running damage controlle on whats supposed to be official forums while Pavel posts updates on his own social media website(btw us english speaking peeps have to realy on google translate to even read those posts by pavel as he only posts in russian). Oovee asks player base for more faith but wont answer questions and gets upset at posts that rightfully question why we should give them more faith and time. The most recent update is over a month behind the worst case scenario time frame that was offered up by Oovee for an update. Also as mods are what keeps this going so well that the devloper and publisher have also made it so you cant post up some mods/websites because they use modding tools that where leaked by the angered Dev at one point in a fight bewteen the two.Final Recommendation:Dont buy the game as it seems the only way these guys will listen is if the money stops flowing and they are forced under or to grow up and man up to the promises they keep making.You can find all the info I talked about and more on the official Forums here if you want to research this for yourselfhttp://www.oovee.co.uk/forum/http://www.oovee.co.uk/forum/topic/11178-dev260515-outcome-of-second-meetings/http://www.oovee.co.uk/forum/topic/10987-mod-workshop-1st-look/
76561198201889123,Recommended,263280,17199900,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,DJSkillet85,Love Spin Tires 5 Stars !!!
,Recommended,263280,17200373,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Elvis1852478,A awesome game that i can play forever and still have fun and also alittle challenging and lets not forget the trucks and mud.
76561198200670718,Recommended,263280,17215017,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Majcher Meat,Love the game!!
76561197960440063,Recommended,263280,10503036,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,GetHimToTheGank,"Muddy water splashNo tree, No tree to grappleBig upside down truck"
,Recommended,263280,10504224,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Salamishaker,I lost a wheel on my truck went to tow it with a bigger truck and got that one stuck went to pull that one out and lost a wheel on that truck 10/10
,Recommended,263280,10461328,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,zao_luuban,Tons-o-fun.. I love this game already and really hope the devs keep adding to it. More than worth the price.
,Recommended,263280,10461434,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,JBoland08,"Great game. The offroading capabilities of this game are amazing. The big plus is that this is a giant platform to keep adding to the game. Eventually there will be new maps, trucks, and the ability to mod. Worth the buy for only $29.99."
,Recommended,263280,10479679,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,The Cunning Raven,"Only played for a short time, I can already tell this is the game I've been looking for.Pros: Moddable, Beautiful textures and models, interface is well designed, wonderful physics, great realism. Works EXTREMELY well with 360 controller. Multiplayer is fun :)Cons: There isn't an ability to mod the steam version let. Camera is finicky when using keyboard and mouse, better when using 360 controller.Final Thoughts: Buy this game if your an: Offroad fan or simulation fan. This is a thinking game, while anyone can pick this up, play and have a great time, I'd say it was crafted for a more patient and mature demographic."
76561197980967336,Recommended,263280,10488266,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Brunwulf,amazing.
76561197989289056,Recommended,263280,10488405,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,weaponz248,One of the best off road experiences on the PC. Great graphics engine and a blast to play. Great way to relax and kill time.
76561198067890905,Recommended,263280,10486225,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,RussianPenguinWithAK,"The camers: alot of people seem to find this a problem however ignore all the whinerbabys out there if you REALLY want to get the right experience you need to play with a controller it takes no time to learn to drive while manuvering the camera at the same time. The game looks amazing both graphics and physics. It is however a little short on objectives. The fog of war style mapping makes you feel like your in an unexplored place so for those of you that complain about it, this it is a SIMULATION game not arcade you have to work for it the game will not hold your hand the entire time. I personally love this game and would recomend it to anyone that is willing to be challenged by a driving game."
,Recommended,263280,10865580,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Worthless,"This is a fantastic game, the camera gives me headaches and makes me dizzy......  I know it will be fixed though as it seems to be a common dislike. A further out view would be nice and to where your vehicle is actually in the center of your screen rather than having to look mainly at the side of your vehicle. Views like typical race car games would be fantastic if they were implemented into the game and I have high hopes for this game and its devs.. Thanks for bringing this game to us it is much appreciated never played one like it before and it is something I have been wanting to play for awhile lol,  10/10 I highly suggest this game. Lots of tedious trials to pass ;)."
76561197969897096,Recommended,263280,11138173,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Cochise,"I bought this game on an impulse and glad that I did.  It is a lot of fun.  It is a challenge though, so do not expect to drive trucks down easily navigated country roads.  To complete the objectives on all maps, you will have to use every trick in the book to keep from getting stuck in the soupy clay mud, or getting stuck on rocks, turning over and losing your logs, or drowning in a river crossing.  There is a reason the trucks are big and beefy, they have to be to have any hope.Great fun, great physics engine and the game is very immersive.  Once you get the hang of it, it is both fun and relaxing at the same time.  Plus you get to drive 8 wheel, 8 drive behemoths like the MAZ 537 a 38 liter, V-12 diesel with a curb weight of over 40,000 lbs.  How can that not be fun?"
,Recommended,263280,11145212,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,evilrock95,REALLY DAMN GOOD GAME I THANK THE PEOPLE THAT MADE A GAME SO FUN AND KICK♥♥♥♥♥EVERY ONE THAT PLAYS IT WILL GET A GOOD EXPERENTS AND WILL HAVE A LOT OF FUN
76561198009880324,Recommended,263280,11082039,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Killerkey's,orsum
,Recommended,263280,10697449,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bommerbob,Really great physics
,Recommended,263280,10694767,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MountainGnome,"What can I say, big trucks, muddy roads, winches,  hauling logs...very cool game.  Camera is wonky at times but once you get used to it and moving it around its not too bad. would be cool if there were weather effects, snow, rain etc.  multiplayer is  pretty good though a proximity microphone chat feature would be good when traveling in a caravan, you cant type and drive at the same time. Took me about 12.5 hours to beat the first map and that is on casual mode.  there were a lot of rescue to garages for sure.  THe learning curve is a little bit steep as far as learning the capabilities of each truck and which routes to take.  None-the-less it is a very fun game that actually has a lot of strategy in it. Happy truckin'."
,Recommended,263280,10833317,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Beefdaddy,All I can say is MUD. There is mud in this game that is all.
76561198068061121,Recommended,263280,11164887,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,RayyanBox,Amazing
76561198119187190,Recommended,263280,11157346,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,imports are life,amzing graphics just when the truck roll on its sid e the enginge should still be able to run
,Recommended,263280,11072671,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,BSc_XTerminator,"You seen it on youtube... And now YOU can experience what you don't see in the Russian videos on the web!Much fun, logistics and cooperation needed to carry out your missions.Do you like offroad driving? Then this game is for you!6/6 Eyes on the dice!"
,Recommended,263280,10856988,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,De[x]i,Good game with almost real life physics. Worth it!
,Recommended,263280,11234615,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Peteledete,"Great game, very difficult however."
,Recommended,263280,13229819,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,DUNE,"I tried to spin my tires but they wouldn't spin! Suddenly, I heard a rumbling. I turned my camera. Standing behind me engulfed in its smokey glow stood my savior, the D357! It picked me up and drove me around the map. I unlocked everything because ultimately, that truck is OP."
,Recommended,263280,11926967,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Skrrrt,"If they added more maps that are more than just logging it would be alot more fun, like an obstical course map or a map with snow and ice that you could break through. Also more vehicles would be nice. Other than that it's a really fun game."
76561198014242626,Recommended,263280,18647573,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Mr. Gone,"I can't even really explain why I love this game so much. Friends that I try to describe it to invariably end up looking at me like I'm on crack. ""So you just deliver logs?"" - yes - but it's so much more than that. You're going to get stuck, you're going to run out of gas, you might even get swept down river. That's not the end of the story though. If you're stuck in some mud,  hook your winch to a tree and pull yourself out. If you're out of gas, grab a tanker truck and fill it back up. Even if your truck is totally submerged in water there's a pretty good chance you can just grab another truck and pull that bish out. It's muddy, gritty fun with a surprising amount of replayability and that's coming from someone with the attention span of a caffeinated squirrel."
76561198035995957,Recommended,263280,11018785,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,aHappyPanda22,"Wow, the physics engine in this game feels beyond realistic! Very impressive feel and graphics, would reccomend to anyone looking for an authentic off-roading game, but would advise anyone looking for a fast action racing game not to inves in this game. For what it is it is spectacular"
,Recommended,263280,10472229,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,LTG.,TRUCKS!
,Recommended,263280,20244085,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ronster,Love this game. Have got this on 2 puters 1 for me and one for my grandson. Very good game for any member of family.
,Recommended,263280,20243381,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Max,Best offroad sim EVER !!! Totally worth buying
,Recommended,263280,11306307,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Rogue,"It's fun for a while, but after you finish all the maps it gets super boring. Devs are extremely inactive and out of touch with what people want. If you're looking for a game that pushes out a lot of new content, keep looking. Recommended because the modding community makes some awesome stuff, not because the base game is actually good. 5/10 without mods 10/10 with mods."
,Recommended,263280,11111499,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,chucky6060,verry nise early game
,Recommended,263280,23657932,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,IceBox,Really fun game. Great physics and maps and challenging.10/10 would winch againAlthough it is too expensive for the current price so wait t'ill it goes on sale.
,Recommended,263280,10520800,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,alexthestampede,"A powerful message is inside: those trucks guzzle fuel, and pollute. Nature fights back with demonic mud, hidden rocks, trees between you and your goal! Jokes aside, this game is quite fun, but you should try the old demo before purchasing it, because everything is SO slow, that it might indeed not be for everybody. Also the camera is... ugh. Looks awesome, shows the truck and the road. The moment you need to see in front of you however, there is no way! It's always on the side, and it shows the road ahead nicely. Usually. Get between a few trees however, and you'll bump into a tree that was invisible. Drive at night down a small road with trees on the side, and you'll get to watch everything through the trees. Really, a camera on the hood would help a lot. You can wrestle that camera around, but it's easily the part that they need to improve of the whole game. That said controls are good, graphically it's not epic but looks good, and it has nice attention to detail like getting mud/water on the trucks in the correct places. Audio... engines sound nice, but nothing special. Also it like to lower the volume every time I start it, for some reason.Anyway, I really like this, and can only imagine how much more fun it would be with a friend."
,Recommended,263280,10473629,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,The Loli Assassin,"I should start off by saying that for all it's faults, I've found Spintires to be a very fun game. However it does have it's faults, for me the most annoying fault that exists in the current version of the game (one that has existed since the first Tech Demo) is the camera. It isn't the worst camera ever in a game, but with the camera forced off the the right hand side, avoiding objects on your left side can be a pain. Hopefully a camera option for the left side and a centered camera will be added at some point.Another fault of the game is it's damage system. Some of the vehicles get damaged far too quickly, for example the Kamaz (the orange one) takes damage just driving through mud or over dirt, and all vehicles take damage when a pine tree brushes their side mirrors. While taking damage in this way is very rarely crippling, it adds up over time and makes little sense when you're being penalized for what are at best cosmetic scratches.Finally the save system (or lack of one) the game only allows you to have one map saved at a time and if you switch maps it erases your save on the old one, hopefully this is resolved soon.Now for the positives. The game has a fantastic vehicle physics engine with each vehicle feeling very good to drive, the terrain system with it's mud and water simulation works very well and the game looks very good visually. The Winch/Towing System works well and allows you to get out of some sticky situations without reseting your vehicle. Multiplayer exists though I haven't played it so I don't know how it works.All in all I very much enjoy the game, though your mileage may vary. Might not be worth the asking price for you.My rating 7/10 (pretty good)"
,Recommended,263280,19554585,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,LAUGHING SOLDIER,"It's good then it's bad.The Good;Graphics are good,Gameplay is simple and easy to learn,Multiplayer,Workshop,Objectives and achievementsThe Bad;Broken Workshop (Game most of the time refuses to download)Repetitive objectives,Will lag on any computer,Glitches with some main things (The ground.... The winch, The Differential gear staying locked...)Over all it's a good game not great, not that community friendly or PC friendly in some cases but still a good game for the price.6/10"
,Recommended,263280,19561930,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,(Un)Dead Kennedys,I finally have a way to live my Canadian lumberjack fantasies.
76561198199415769,Recommended,263280,19753994,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Daddy_Dominos,"""10/10 bro""-IGN"
,Recommended,263280,10543970,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ApathyWorks,Don't be a stick in the mud. Purchase this game and get your truck in the mud.
76561197976407867,Recommended,263280,11136798,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Bezzington,"I wish my girlfriend was as dirty as this game, oh wait i don't have one."
,Recommended,263280,10929325,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cats,Would Recommend
,Recommended,263280,10568486,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Woodee,"At the time of review, no cockpit cam or wheel support but it is in the works.Sometimes a little frustrating and more thinking that you think is needed to get through the terrain. When multiplayer and saved games is expanded this will be a hoot! :)"
76561198168210750,Recommended,263280,25883752,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,my name is john,"Pretty cool game actually, has a hardcore mode if you prefer a bit more realisme, and of course the workshop is great for this game as well."
76561198113233559,Recommended,263280,12067604,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,porschecarrera96,Lots of fun to play. I really enjoy the realistic aspect of it. I am hoping that in the future they will have modding support.
,Recommended,263280,12075224,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Admiral Allahu Ackbar,This game is FUN.
,Recommended,263280,20425677,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Angry Bucket,"Spintires is an absolutely unique game. In a world where people want to race in amazing cars or have RPG-esque progression unlocks for their driving simulators, it instead presents an alternative style of gameplay. What you do is deliver garage and log points to objectives, but that is more of a framework for the game which can be completely ignored. The game is about mudding, obviously. If you haven't been mudding, you may not ""get it."" Unfortunately, it's one hell of an expensive hobby, so this is a great alternative. If you haven't had the experience of it, you may fail to realize that parts of the game that seem annoying or tedious are actually good times. Getting stuck in the mud is fun. Unsticking yourself is even more fun. Unsticking another person's truck because you're a better driver is the best. Breaking your truck slamming into a tree because you wanted to slalom down a hill at top speed is also fun, as is rolling off a hill with switchbacks on it. Delivering logs and garage points is alright too, I guess.The real crux of it is this: the game had a rough spell in development and the team they have on this is too small. It's a wonderful game with mods aplenty for the people who this style of game will appeal to. They need to prove themselves by finishing this game out (small amount of development effort still needed) before they can start on Spintires 2 or another team with a bigger budget will jump on it and create a spiritual successor. If it meets your price point and you're reading these reviews, you're invested enough you might consider getting it. For everyone else, let's see where this new subgenre will go before you throw money at it.It may ruin you for anything that ought to have mud that doesn't though, it makes those games feel like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 90s arcade style racers or so barebones you can't enjoy them anymore. The GTA and Farm Simulator series feel like they run a physics engine from two decades ago after playing this and it's physics are pretty bad."
,Recommended,263280,13978757,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,mcDJ,"Over 1 year later, 9/10.> Workshop support added> Game is a bit smoother> Different maps than beforeOnly downside is the developer-publisher relationship that has resulted in many effed up situations.Hopefully this is resolved in the future.--Fun game. TONS to say about the good. I'd rate it a 8/10 for the Legacy build. 6/10 for the current update.ALL data gets written over with updates.Backup before you update... or change from legacy to current build...> Mod support is amazing, beware of the custom maps since not all work properly.> Lots of fun aspects to mess with in the .XML files but unfortunatly you can't earn achievements unless you switch back and forth with backups of the media.zip folder (I do this).> Easy to get achievments if you look at guides and are willing to attempt.> Controller support is amazing. Fun to play with both a controller, and a wheel. Button mapping is simple and easy to access."
76561197972854768,Recommended,263280,12212939,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,St_Anger308,Good game but it does have a couple of things that can get annoying.Winch cable is to short and a fog of war would've been better than them cloakes.
,Recommended,263280,10497124,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Animosus,Wonderful.
76561198131620175,Recommended,263280,11949224,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Construction Pupper,this game is very realistic i love how the mud forms on your tires and vehicle if u are looking for a fun 4-wheeling game then i advise to get this game
76561198003630082,Recommended,263280,10483031,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Khal Drogo,"Best off-roading game without a doubt. Highly recommended to play it with bunch of friends, more the merrier!Theres a few cons and bugs (hey everygame has bugs) but will most likely be patches up in the future. 9/10"
,Recommended,263280,10563631,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Lemmiwinkz,"Now Spintires is a strange game, when my friend tried to convince me to buy it and play it with him i thought ""wtf man, you want me to play a lkw simulation in the sowjet pumpa ?"" but after giving in to his naging we started playing it.Pro:-easy to learn-a lot of little tension moments (where you just pray that ur truck doesn't fall over etc.)-not too easy, not too hard on casual-there is a hardcore difficulty level-nice graphics-the trucks look realy good-KOOP-Mode is the best thing ever-saving urself from beeing stuck by using the wench can be quite challenging at times ;PCon:-as of now there are only 6 maps (but they play realy differently)-some things should be serverbased but are programmed client based (no seeing empty cars of other players, light of other cars)-no horn for the carsSo let me tell you, if you can get at least 1 friend to play this with you and you like challenging, skill- and witbased gameplay and don't dislike the old sowjet nomansland feel than this is deffinitly something for you.Else just w8 for a sale (summersale is active right now :D)"
,Recommended,263280,10568951,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Velirno,"This has been gaming zen for me.  Spent an hour getting myself out of a ditch with a crane, and was never mad or frustrated.  I wish there was a map that wasn't quite as muddy (I know, that's the point, but something with just a bunch of harsh terrain or a different hazard (sand, snow) would be cool)."
76561198257421758,Recommended,263280,25939567,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,CH3VYDMAX,Awesome game really like
,Recommended,263280,10757338,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nemo Hoes,good game. fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,263280,12688962,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,DeadeyeDave,"Though I haven't played the spintire thing, I can report that this game is spintirely unique, spintirely challenging, and large enough that you could probably spend your spintire life exploring it.I'm not spintirely sold on the freeform-sandbox concept, though: there aren't spintirely enough things to do. Still, if what you want is a Soviet-offroad-tractor-mud-pit-simulator, this game has the spintire market to itself.Spintires."
,Recommended,263280,10730142,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Captainlvsac,"Great Offroad simulator, I have played every offroad game that has come out in the last ten years, and spin tires is one of the best. As far as a mud driving simulator it is in a class of its own, the overall feel of the vehicles in the mud is really spot on, the way that the suspension reacts and the trucks wieght shifts around is very impressive.I wish the game handled high speeds better, I understand that the whole point of the game is to carefully navitgate the dangerous terain but every truck becomes very unstable at higher speeds (which is still pretty slow). If the engine could handle speed better it would really open up a lot of options for the modding community.That said i would still highly recomend this game to any offroad enthusiest, for me it is a very relaxing game, just strolling my 100 ton 8 wheel drive truck through the country side, listening to the birds and the churning mud under my tires, It's almost zen-like."
76561198038722744,Recommended,263280,10753845,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rumpy,"You like trucks? You like nice physics in driving games? You like trying to get your russian 8 wheeler out of mud with your other russian 8 wheeler for 2 hours? Then this is the game for you!Great game, lots to do. First, explore the whole map, then unlock garages to make things easier, then drive logs across map, fail, try again, fail try again:)  And there are enough different maps to spend tens and tens of hours with your russian trucks.And if it's still not enough, you can do all this with your friends in multiplayer!"
76561198120807779,Recommended,263280,10739707,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,crudboy12,"This game provides excelent mud physics, cool trucks and pretty graphics, so while the game is lacking in any real missions at the moment, and has a really bad camra, I would still recommend it."
76561198067563894,Recommended,263280,10743850,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,mmarin09,Love this game.
76561198052294137,Recommended,263280,10758270,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheSeph,"Amazing game, many hours of fun! Recommending"
76561198015951071,Recommended,263280,10523507,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Goodnite,"Fantastic game. Realistic ground morphing physics that responds to the weight of vehicles, and how the tires grip. Open world gameplay. Various objectives to complete such as delivering lumber and fuel. Camera controls are a bit wonky sometimes but that is getting fixed overall 9/10."
,Recommended,263280,10920344,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lou,Strong Mud of Glorious Soviet Motherland laughs at puny vehicles.
76561198086338309,Recommended,263280,10755656,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,AidmatAGAIN,"This game is great for someone who enjoys adventure and a challenge. It offers great maps(some more variety would be nice) that are large enough to spend hours on. It can be really fun on your own and with some friends as they both change the way you have to play. The price might be a bit steep for some but i think it is completely worth it, who doesn't enjoy getting stuck in mud."
76561197994895106,Recommended,263280,13677574,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Heimer,"I love this game but I refuse to play it until the devs come back from a vodka bender and actually deliver on promises the made. They made some of these promises live on TwitchTV while playing with DaSquirrelNuts from Youtube.This is the best off roading, mud slinging simulator around. It has more potential than any simulator I have ever played. I recommend buying the game, but I would wait for a major sale to come up for it due to the lack of invovlement from the devs. The content is not currently worth the price tag of $29.99 at full price.They did finally add a map after +6 months from the Steam release. Other than that I can only remeber a couple of very small bug fix patches."
76561198264307829,Recommended,263280,20973655,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,killer8000542,love this game could play it all day
76561198215264883,Recommended,263280,20526553,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,hooey840,the camera is kind of shity but all in all not bad
76561197993836048,Recommended,263280,13128107,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Teflon_490,"There are many reviews already describing every single detail of this game, so I won't repeat it. I will put it simply - if you ever, just a little, felt tempted to buy this, because you though it might be fun, go for it! Graphics is great, physics is the best ever seen in this type of game, and the gameplay is fun, even though it does not seem so. Sure after several hours of gameplay it migh feel a little repetitive, and it is, but this should change with the mod support. Once this will come, possibilities are endless."
76561198083701543,Recommended,263280,13240187,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Chevy Kilverado,"Seeing as this game is wonderful, the developers of this game are taking their time to ensure the updates are high quality. They are currently working on another map for SpinTires (Go check their Forums to find out more)-PROS-1. Game Mechanics - Winches work wonderfully, Mud deformation (could use a tad bit more work)2. Graphics - In my honest opinion, the graphics look astonishing.3. Trucks - Different types. Standard (6x6, and 8x8s)-CONS-1. Multiplayer - As soon as someone joins a game, they either get disconnected, lose connection to Steam, or just leave for no reason. (This is why Multiplayer Saves should be a thing.) *Oovee and IMGN are currently working on this. There looks to be no syncing for mud deformation, no truck sounds for other players (to make it easier, The host can't hear other players engines, but the other player - Bob, for now - can't hear anyone else's engine noises, only his)2. Camera - The camera, for me, is great for taking pictures, but can be a bit of a nuisance for actually playing the game. There should be this camera, and another, like a standard driving game camera where the camera is aimed at the back, and it will rotate around the truck. (Like the Forza Motorsport games)3. As of yet, it's not being update alot (But hey, it's still relatively new... Kinda...) - They are planning to make bigger and better updates to improve the game, but this will take time.For people who just buy the game on a whim and say ""I hope it's as good as it looks."" Please, download the demo first and try it out for yourself.Overall, I HIGHLY recommend this game if you like off-roading in big trucks, and actually accomplishing something while doing so.*One other thing, is that there are mods for this game, but they will replace certain trucks, and disable achievements. If you ever install a mod, make sure to back up your game files before doing so. :)"
,Recommended,263280,19259971,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Log Base Seven of Sixty-One,10/10 would sink a convoy in a lake again
76561198047318236,Recommended,263280,16114089,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Αυστραλιανό ελεύθερο σκοπευτή,"Amazing game, the best off roading game in the world. - 11/10"
76561198092462651,Recommended,263280,16131425,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,SPUD,The best off road simulator that could never be beaten
76561197967365154,Recommended,263280,16132124,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,scoobs mcdoo,"AWESOME! if you like: Mud, Trucks, Open world terrain  and messing with winches this ones a must! the graphics are superb and the physics are stunning!"
76561198104255663,Recommended,263280,16191430,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,40Cent,Game is so fun! Graphics are like 8/10 gameplay is like 10/10 camera controls are a little wacky but still fun!
,Recommended,263280,16092253,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,B3AST,this is good but i will like if they put more cars for spintiers pls i like the cars but  cant get them they need to add that
,Recommended,263280,14941437,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,dmuds,"Very fun game. If you have a history/liking for driving games, it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,263280,16138902,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Dark Wolf,mazing
,Recommended,263280,15150449,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Rip SteakFace,I've never played a game that has brought me closer to when I used to play with my toy trucks in my sandbox when I was six than SpinTires.
76561197994112931,Recommended,263280,15123092,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Jugge ツ,"Awesome offroad game, best one out there!"
,Recommended,263280,11945800,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Jack Burton,"This is actually a top shelf off-road simulator. Perfectly playable in it's current state, I can scarecly imagine where this game is headed on the next year or so. I'm hoping for ""Swamp Loggers"" sort of goals & the like."
,Recommended,263280,14990920,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,djecht,"okay let's do this, *engine started*2 minutues latermayday mayday,, please help.. call reinforment*wheel rollin on the mud*5 minutes later*drown in the river*8.7/10"
,Recommended,263280,10902505,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,EGF1,"It is a GREAT game. Never ever did I have so much fun with doing nothing. Just driving around in GREAT LOOKING trucks with lots of customization options.After doing nothing for a long time I wanted to get serious and explore the maps and get me some lumber. I must say: This game could end up on The Discovery Channel as a program about the lumber cowboys ;) It looks very, VERY nice. The mud (drive trough effect) is great and the system specs are low.This game is GREAT, if you like simulations, if you like driving in the mud, if you like big trucks: YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAMEHope more of this sweetness is coming in the future but for now: 10/10 !!!!"
,Recommended,263280,10616740,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Pastor Whiskey,"This is like the best off road simulator ever. Myself being a starting off road enthusiast this game brings heavy off road fun without need to get dirty and risking breaking your car. Sure the main star in this game is a deformable terrain, it looks and feels almost like the real dirt, mud and water. It sure feels sort of arcade, but from all the games i played it still is the most realistic one.It really shows how much pain it is to deliver logs from the place where they been cut down. I hope to see many other new objectives soon, like rescue missions, pathfinder missions and so on.In present state the game looks more like a tech demo than a completed product though. The terrain looks copy and paste sometimes, gameplay only locked on delivering logs and truck upgrading system sure needs to be more complex. Also bigger and more complicated maps.Also it might be a good idea to bring the financial element into game. So to have cost of repair in mind each tome you decide to go daredevil.So... I bought the game immediately after i saw it on steam and i have no regrets about it! Looking forward for the game to become best offroad simulator ever for many years to come."
76561198064998891,Recommended,263280,15485836,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,w0lfpack91,"i Have Been Waiting For this Game My Entire Life honestly a game where you go out in the woods and thrash trucks in mud pits, rivers, plains, ect with no other reason than because you can. add mods and its even better. most of which is thanks to  4 or so Exceptional modders SID, Brute, King, Blackwater For their AMAZING maps and Trucks."
76561198026627023,Recommended,263280,13268180,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,loccobrown,"Easy-Hardest maps. Plains < Coast < Volcano < The Hill < The River .River hardest only until you find good way to cross it then its alot easier.Great game 8/10.Only major issue is the camera,any driving game has to have 1st person view,the 3rd person could also use some improvements.I got game on sale for 10$ and its well worth that but not sure it has the content/customization to be worth the 30$ steam is still asking for it.BTW you can get this few other places for 15-20$ and its worth it.One minor thing i would like to mention is must be manual shift in hardmode,not sure why they made this it doesnt make it harder just annoying to me."
,Recommended,263280,11248037,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,JCC87,It took me 40 minutes to haul logs accross the map and then I tipped my truck over 20ft from the drop off point.11/10
,Recommended,263280,10612289,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,That boy LachieT,10/10
,Recommended,263280,10475951,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Door Master,"So,I just want to state that the first thing I did was to play multiplayer, and it was within the first 10 minutes of playing the game, that I learnt just how far a soft suspension truck is supposed to tilt.I roll to the bottom of a hill, on my roof, helpless with a stalled engine, and no idea how to get out of the situation I had just created.  Laughing at the same time at how I could go and♥♥♥♥♥♥up so fast.Anyway, I do what anyone would do, I hit every key looking for the chat button, ""Ah, it's Y"", I think to myself.  I then proceeded to plead to my comrades to save me!In the effort to save me, my friend Crevarski gets pulled over the edge of the hill and ends up stuck at the bottom of it, ensnared by all the surrounding stones deeper in the pit.This was, as you might assume, was unbelievably hilarious.We then both proceed to beg for the random player to save us.In his attempts to save us, he is then also pulled off the cliff, just to roll onto his roof on top of me.This led to tears of laughter on my end.Within the first 10 minutes, I knew my money was well invested, just because I've never laughed so much at having a lack of understanding the game.  The game is just hilarious as you go from blunder to blunder, stalling engines in every possible way possible for the first few hours.Once you're past that part of the game, and you start getting good at traversing the environment in your behemoths, it occurs to you that 1 truck is not going to cut it when tackling this unforgiving terrain!  Leading you to try and get a team sorted, where you'll have to assign everyone a task.  Such as 2 log haulers, and the other 2 as the support, dealing in the winching, repairing and refueling!(For those of you that don't enjoy multiplayer, you can switch to any truck unlocked at any time to go and save the one you just drowned in 'quick-mud')Anyway, this game is so unbelievably addictive, not just for the strangely addictive gameplay, but for the amount of teamwork that is required for a driving simulator, that even the 'crème de la crème' of driving games manage to skim the surface of.Plus, with the game being relatively new, I will ignore its minor flaws, such as the camera being annoying at times, and a few missing options that would of been nice, but aren't exactly going to ruin your time, as I'm sure most of these annoyances will be addressed very soon!I wouldDEFINITELYrecommend this game to anyone that is interested in off-roading 'AND' games like Euro Truck Simulator.8.5/10"
,Recommended,263280,13114341,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,The_Daley,absolutly had a blast playing this game definitly recommend!
,Recommended,263280,10457126,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Chef Phd Jens,Those physics.
76561198033281850,Recommended,263280,10485680,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Zwaaien,"I mainly bought this game because I saw what a great mods there have been released for the demo only. The game itself is somewhat monotonous because there isn't a lot to do besides drive around. Some options such as reset vehicles (if everything is stuck) and different savegames are missing. But other than that it's awesome drive around in those large trucks and cars, banging around in the mud, getting stuck and somehow be able to drive and winch yourself out of it.I must say this is a game is of a genre you have to like, it's not a game for everyone. I greatly recommend buying it though, if this kind of driving appeals to you!"
76561197992886766,Recommended,263280,11567660,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Honorable_D,"Took the plunge and was not disappointed! This is pretty much the best true off-road simulator you'll find but bear in mind its NOT A RACING GAME. Speed is not the name of the game here but rather realistic navigation of a deep Russian forest! You've got mud, pools/streams/rivers/oceans of water, steep inclines, dried out riverbeds, dense forests, sharp switchbacks up a mountain side... a good variety of terrain.The game is incredibly simple in its objectives but its just plain fun to set out on a new map and find the best routes to load up and then deliver loads of lumber. Yes, thats the current way to ""beat"" the maps - you need to load lumber either with a crane or by going to specific lumber yards and loading up on short, medium or long logs and then hauling them across the map to drop points.AND THE PHYSICS! Damn, best mud and water physics I've seen for a driving game. Your tires will dig massive ruts, water has realistic currents and will flow even between your tires... its amazing. Where there was once a pristine trail could become a muddy hell at the end of the map after you've hauled heavy loads through it.As for the vehicles you've got an assortment of Russian trucks such as an old dually, a recon jeep and then you can even get up to massive 8x8 rolling fortresses that can only be stopped by the worst mud pits imaginable. Speaking of that recon jeep, each map starts out cloaked in black swirls/clouds that prevent you from seeing all the map right away. The cloaks can be removed simply by moving near them but they are often hidden away in deep forest/rough terrain and its pretty fun to scout out the unkown with your trusty jeep and reveal the map!The devs totally plan on supporting the game into the future and will be surely adding new trucks, maps and even new objectives/features so this already simple but fun game will become even greater with time!"
76561198011449921,Recommended,263280,10457617,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,VashThePirate,a very nice offroad game :)
76561197971840500,Recommended,263280,11631862,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,roberto458,"one of the best physics in a ""car game"" if not the best"
76561197980046433,Recommended,263280,11038821,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Kernel Mustafa,"It manages to edge out Woodcutter Simulator, so yeah, it's pretty freaking good."
,Recommended,263280,11181863,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Rookie,"Okay. 8 hours in, these are my thoughts so far, in list format (because who doesn't like a list?):The Pros:1. The graphics are very impressive.2. Terrain deformation is incredible. Granted, it can also be a little glitchy at times (more on this below) but on the whole the devs have done a stunning job on this.3. Vehicle/model/environment physics are extremely realistic - trees will deform or even topple over completely if you drive into them, vehicle chassis movement is both visible and reactive to the terrain, the suspension model is almost perfect and the water effects are downright beautiful - right down to wash generation as you fruitlessly wheelspin in a riverbed trying to find traction. I'd even go as far as to say that they might just be the best looking water effects I've seen in a game.4. A nicely rounded selection of off-roaders, from the humble UAZ Jeep to monstrous 8x8 ex-soviet missile carriers.5. A wide variety of maps, all sufficiently large as to give you plenty of hours to explore all of them.The Cons:1. The terrain deformation mechanic, while possibly the game's greatest strength, is not completely perfect - sometimes it will glitch out and form a rut which 'leaks' into the void outside the map - plus, the deformation mechanic is always in effect, even on surfaces which should not be susceptible to it (i.e, tarmac roads) - this is a little immersion breaking. Unless your truck weighs several hundred tons, it should not be able to leave tyre ruts in a concrete surface...2. Some of the challenges seem a little unrewarding, and there is very little variety in terms of cargo either. Granted, there is obviously fun to be had in transporting stuff from one place to another over challenging terrain in and of itself (which is pretty much the entire premise of the game), however the reward system seems to be a little unbalanced - to unlock a vehicle, for example, you simply need to find it abandoned on the map somewhere, drive up to it - and it's now yours (albeit a bit dented and bashed, and most likely with no fuel either), and it seems like most of the utility attachments you can outfit your trucks with are available right from the outset. Perhaps a better mechanic would be to receive nicer or more powerful trucks and unlocks as a reward for completing different or increasingly difficult challenges?3. The camera is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's locked in a third-person 'over the shoulder' view (think Gears of War), and it seems extremely recalcitrant whenever you try and reposition it - which is an utter pain in the backside when you're trying to judge the distance between the edge of your vehicle and a cliff face - or when you're trying to select an in-game menu option, as the in-game menus appear as virtual 3D overlays, much like a heads-up display. Please, Oovee - get rid of this camera, or at least add a proper 360 degree (preferably zoomable) external camera as an alternate view mode. A first-person in-cab perspective wouldn't hurt, either.4. No wheel support. Apparently this is in the works, though, so that's good news. In the meantime you can still use a gamepad, I find that a 360 controller works particularly well.5. There are no driver models in the cab. This isn't really a big deal in the grand scheme of things, personally I just find it a bit eerie to see a driverless truck lurching through the wilderness with abandon, like some sort of freakish Herbie on steroids.To summarize: While frustrating at times (there are plenty of 'NONONONOYESNOYESYESNOOO' moments to be had, as you try and prevent your 6-ton vehicle and its cargo of logs from toppling over for the fifth time in a row), overall this title shows huge promise and is already a lot of fun - especially considering the price. Go get it!"
76561198009120235,Recommended,263280,10625478,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,bigdaddyvoodoo,Best Offroad simulator I've played. Camera takes some getting used to.
76561198030437888,Recommended,263280,10709075,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Pumpkindemon12,For most it can be a boring game. But if you like trucks and mud than this is a game for you
,Recommended,263280,10535698,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Pratusion,"Honestly this game is a blast, I bought it thinking "" how can driving from one place to another be fun? "" And i was wrong, the multiplayer community as of this moment ( June 2014 ) is really good I've only encountered one person who was griefing on purpose and the rest are really great.  Getting stuck and helping a buddy is a blast and hardcore really makes you focus on teamwork.It's visually stunning and the phsyics are out of this world for any game out there.  They've spent a lot of time on this and clearly got it right, thumbs up to the devs and kickstarters for this a winner in my book"
,Recommended,263280,10655469,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,OliverOA,Every day is diff lock day.
76561198167800410,Recommended,263280,13363144,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,phillipsjoshua668,PETER EVANS YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,263280,13490599,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,little_theblue,this is good game
,Recommended,263280,13295300,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,A_Shooting_BusH!_,"Good strategic game that i would recomend to play online, as you are certain to get stuck and will need a towpull from a friend/crewmember.I have tested the game with Logitech Driving Force GT and Wingman Formula GP and both wheels works as intended...but the pedals makes the vehicle move forrward by itself so i had to disconnect the pedals and set Thrust/brakes on the wheel buttons.With wheel it makes the gameplay so much more ""realistic/fun)Havent ran into any bugs that i would mention.8/10 - Hopefully only gets better with updates."
76561198085313333,Recommended,263280,13541516,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kilahakan,"You know how a 12ft pine tree can stop a MAZ, (38.8L V12 diesel weighing 21,600kg)? - Cause I sure ♥♥♥♥in' don't.How about when you roll a vehicle, you are slapped in the sack with a '100% terminal damage', vehicle is completely shot in the♥♥♥♥♥. - Still don't know??.When you go to pick up that fallen tree with that wicked crane jig, mounted onto the truck and it is glued to that mud harder than I would glue myself to a plane. (if I went parachuting)*CAB VIEW PLEASE!. ♥♥♥♥.Pretty great 'log transporting' game, as that is all there is to do. Wouldn't mind a bit more variety in objectives. Also more variety in vehicles wouldn't hurt the dirt, as 3 of the 7 vehicles are completely as useless as♥♥♥♥♥♥on a bull.Multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying, if you have no friends... get some friends!. People always seem to leave ya hangin' 5-10 min into the game, (before you get to first objective, which personally grinds my left nut).Mud is everywhere where mud isn't. You drive on a paved road - mud, on the beach - mud.MUD   (MUHD)noun1.wet, soft earth or earthy matter, as on the ground after rain, at the bottom of a pond, or along the banks of a river; mire. <<added for special effect<<So, onto the good side of life, the physics of moving♥♥♥♥♥♥is pretty grouse.****Out of all of the negatives I have stated, I could not make, or design 1 pixel worth of dirt - So I will shut my face.****If you are still reading this♥♥♥♥♥♥ just buy the game, obviously it seems interesting. I bought 2 so far, one for each side of my brain.If you are still confused. ------>http://www.spintires.com/#!/demo"
76561198066522839,Recommended,263280,14735551,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,TangoRomeo,"A really fun and relaxing way to kill some time, while driving with realistc physics and beautiful terrain. However, I must recommend playing it with the keyboard and mouse, as the controller layout is rather clunky and unintuitive."
,Recommended,263280,14698193,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,FFSCookie,really good game. especily if you got a g27 wheel. that do a better feel to it. but you can drive it with the keyboard and it is great. :D
76561198115087357,Recommended,263280,14683501,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,itsgiggles420,the graphics in this game are nice i love off-roading so this game is perfect for fans of off-roading
76561198155115329,Recommended,263280,14737375,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Offroader96,spin tires is not working its just saying map files missing or brocken
,Recommended,263280,12932525,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Peek_A-Boo (SS),Game Highly Recomened the Devs are still working on it and it is slowly coming out of alpha and going into beta love seeing the game gain progress its an awesome Game and I play it as freequently as I can amazing Work Team Keep it up
76561198000856735,Recommended,263280,14797702,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Plexyshard1490,"Love the game, It is for sure a challenge to some others more a expierment play ground for vehicle modding. all in all its a great game, do whish there were some other means to winch your truck out, other than just the standard winch that only works if you truck remains running. but all in all it's great, i do hope to see like more maps and trucks added in the future, this could become a fun multiplay game that truly. harness's the reality of off road transport and driving. the physx's of the ground and vehicle articualtion is simply wonderful. would love to see some weather challenges in futire or currrent maps like winter maps or fall and spring. would love to be able to hop out of the trucks and walk around to like see where the truck could like fit between tree's an such. or just a simple fix add more switchable camera view's, would love to see some more types of heavy and light vehicles come to light in this game, specially for exploration and such, do wish the A-Series jeep's would allow more tires options, all in all its a solid game that i hope to drown many more hours into. love the idea snd premis behind it, truly a game i have been waiting to see hit the store. hope there is more to come."
,Recommended,263280,14837266,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Moggz,"This review is based on the game as it came at the time I bought it (a few days ago) including all updates and patches that it would've had at that time.If you like the concept of this game and enjoy simulators then I doubt this game will disappoint. The graphics are gorgeous. The way the vehicles cut through the mud, brush past trees and slosh through water is all done superbly. I have never known another game that comes even close to simulating ground deformation in this way. The more you drive the tracks in big trucks, the more tricky sections can become churned up, giving you increasing challenges to get through. The level of detail on the vehicles is brilliant - swinging ropes, moving running gear, smoke and heat effects - it's all there. Although one thing that isn't there is any drivers. It seems a shame that in such an immersive simulator as this, the trucks appear to be just driving around magically by themselves. In terms of game-play, having a certain number of 'drivers' to use per map might have been a nice touch, but it's still a fantastic game even with innumerable invisible drivers.There's no music and it doesn't need any. The sounds of the vehicles are spot on. The roar of the really big diesel engines is throaty and satisfying, the transmission whines on the little Uaz truck and the thudding and clunking as you crawl over rough terrain is just right. The ambient sounds are also great. It's a bit like a sounds of nature relaxation CD (until you fire-up a truck of course).The maps are all very similar in visual appearance and there are no weather effects, just day & night, but each contains unique challenges.Within minutes of playing the game I hated the two camera views. The fixed 3rd person view seems useless, most of the time all you can see in this view is the back of the truck. The mouse-controlled view is the one to use, but it seems to be anchored to the truck in a strange place so it rotates awkwardly, it doesn't zoom out far enough, and when you do zoom out it automatically zooms back in again after a few seconds. Within hours of playing the game, I'd got used to the awkward camera angle and reconciled that when you're off-roading, you don't get to see all around the vehicle, or which way the steering wheels are turning etc. After continued playing the camera angle bothers me far less, but it would still be nice to zoom out more.If you like driving big trucks off road and have perhaps longed for a game that effectively simulates mud when off-road driving (which I have), then this is possibly the greatest game ever made. There is plenty to do so long as you enjoy the concept - scouting the terrain to uncloak the map, locating, repairing and refuelling additional trucks, keeping all your trucks fuelled and repaired, towing and winch recovery, setting up new garages and collecting and delivering loads of timber. The two main styles of play I have found so far have been scouting in the small truck, which gives a 'trials' type off-roading experience, picking the best route across terrain with no tracks, finding gaps to wind through trees, pushing through scrub and wading through uncharted depths. Then there's the more 'convoy' style of driving. Perhaps taking a couple of log trucks and a fuel tanker along wide (or at least, the widest you can manage to find) forestry tracks, using the vehicles together to find the best routes and recover, winch and tow each other when needed (and trying not to get all 3 of them stuck).However, if you just go out and drive in a truck to try and get from A to B, then auto-restore your vehicle back to the starting point if you crash and try over, you'll probably get bored quickly. I think you need to actually enjoy trying to recover stuck vehicles to appreciate this game, it's as much about vehicle recovery and problem solving as it is about driving.Moving long trailer loads is a nightmare, and that's exactly how it should be. It's incredibly challenging and rewarding to take big curtain sided trailers or long loads of logs from A to B without spilling the load, inching forward and back at corners to get the right angle, winching up muddy inclines and nervously crawling through water crossings.I don't even want to mention mods because this game is amazing without them, but I've gone and mentioned them now. Mods would be nice. It'd be nice to be able to add vehicles without them replacing existing vehicles in the game, and to get some new maps with a different look to them. But really, if you want to drive big trucks in mud, then this game allows you to just that, and it does so brilliantly."
76561198036688096,Recommended,263280,14856089,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,adulf hatler,"This game. It is good, it is holy. You will forget that you are not actually a soviet truck driver who delivers logs. Side effects may include but are not limited to: disappearance of social life, failing your finals, forgetting the name your parents, doubting reality, starvation, sleep deprivation and loss of the ability to speak.Seriously though. You better download the free tech demo before buying the game because it's the kind of gameplay one either loves or hates. There is no doubt that if you like it, it will be  one of the most immersive experience you can get from an open-world game and it allows you to complete a level by any means you like, either by using a very powerful truck with like 14 wheels or a crappy old truck which doesn't even have 4-wheel drive.If you like the tech demo, this game is a must-buy. I can't wait to see what features we shall get now that development is back on track.The game does need a few additions and tweaks, such as the possibility of having a flat-bed trailer so you can carry your trucks around, a digger would be nice so you can fix some roads and make bridges and the 3rd person view does need some improvement. Oh and if they could add a 1st person view inside the cabin, like EuroTruck simulator, that's would be amazing!"
,Recommended,263280,14636555,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Logan,awesome gameplay
,Recommended,263280,10943962,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dmitri kebab,"Got stuck in mud, after 2 hours managed to get loose, drove another 10 meters, got stuck again. Best game ever.Would recommend to take the longer route because shortest takes always more time."
76561198107395441,Recommended,263280,10478787,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,.SQUIRTLE,This game is great to mess around on haha!!!
76561197971085298,Recommended,263280,19623009,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Warhead,Dont try any of this at home.
76561198151080123,Recommended,263280,13127214,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,John M,"Really fun game, totally worth itWould totally bang a tree again!"
76561198070309525,Recommended,263280,11902844,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,BIGMan.LTU.,"Awsome game, really fun to play with a active team mate."
,Recommended,263280,10838993,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ajD,"A great game, but you can get bored quite quickly. I'm waiting for a new update to bring more content before playing this a ot again."
,Recommended,263280,11140363,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Khemore,This game is worth the money! If you like simulation games and trucking games and mud and offroad then this is absolutely the game for you! It will challenge your skills in driving and navigation plus much more...  What they have made with this physics engine is mindblowing. It´s like the real deal!Go ahead and buy it :) And start your jurney today!
,Recommended,263280,11177421,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Hoss,Looks great! but i think it would be really cool if you could add more vehicles like rock crawlers and others and it would also be cool if you could actually pull into garages and have more specific customizations for your vehicles... it would also be cool to have multiple singleplayer saves and maybe even a multiplayer save! also maybe other goals like (if u added rock crawlers) a tough rocky trail to follow.
,Recommended,263280,10498103,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,FlexoRodriguez,Exceedingly difficult and accurate offroad mud simulator.  Very different from anything you've played.  Fun but needs faster upgrade path and first person cockpit view to be truly great.
,Recommended,263280,10528222,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,[ST-R] Solutech [ST],This game is an oddity it has no right to be this good . The idea of a game where the environment is trying to do you in should not work . Yet I love it . There are a billion and one tear round like a fool driving games but this is something new . You have to drive slowly and face it the trucks dont move that fast even when you do try lol . Add the winch mechanics to get you out of a jam which you will frequently and you have a really enjoyable game that gives you a real sense of achievemnt when you end up with a truck wedged in and either winch your way out or bring in another truck to help . Brains are needed to get anywhere with this . It isnt perfect the cloaked areas you have to drive to the exact centre of can be a nightmare to get to and there is next to no documentation on how to do things . No in truck view and an external camera thats twitchy as hell but yet its still a great game . The devs are still polishing and adding to it so it will only get better .In Soviet Russia even the mud hates you !
,Recommended,263280,11279204,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,XxSharp_ShooterxX,Want a hillbilly game? Get this!!
,Recommended,263280,11393208,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Gary,awesome
76561198067067165,Recommended,263280,11996323,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,wwoytkiw,"I didn't think it was possible to simulate real off-road driving. I belonged to an off-roading club. Having done the real thing in my Cherokee Sport, I was impressed how the various vehicles in Spintires handled themselves with different road conditions. Travelling through the mud is very realistic and challenging. This game, in a word, is awesome."
,Recommended,263280,11998932,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Little Orphan Tranny,i have never been more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥off hippies
76561198106840390,Recommended,263280,12002808,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,nomadsquirel3200,"Great, fun game. I didn't think I was going to get into it as much as I am. Can't exactly put my finger on what makes this so enjoyable but it is. PLAY IT!"
76561198000155556,Recommended,263280,12004352,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Landsquirl,This game is loads of fun trying to get through the difficult terrain to complete the objectives. I would reccomend this game to people who enjoy off roading and would not mind a good challenge.
76561198019777985,Recommended,263280,12040801,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,the_tech_90,"I drove through the sticks for half an hour with one truck to tow my log truck out of the ditch only for it to tip over later, so I had to use the crane to restack it all again!So awesome"
,Recommended,263280,11167135,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,J. Nemo,"To me everything about this game makes it amazing, terrain deformation is an aspect that definately puts this game far from all competitors."
,Recommended,263280,11357285,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Talia Kuznetsova(Snugglisan~),someone spent more then 30 mins on this game GET IT
,Recommended,263280,11373753,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,vindicator,This is a win right here
76561198075830228,Recommended,263280,11164436,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,dyso,You can spin tires in this gameNeeds more guns10/10
,Recommended,263280,10639292,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,(MG) Xtremist,"This game is a great mudding game for people who are into that kind of stuff, i am into this kind of stuff so i can play this game for hours. everything in the game works great, the only bad things i have noticed is the EXTREMELY sensitive damage system, the camera is wonkey, and the achievement system is broken. I am missing some achievements that i worked pretty hard to get. So don't go achievement hunting until the game gets updated a bit, but still fun in every other way.Except for the fact that i've had the thing crash in such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T WAY BECAUSE IT RUINS YUR FILES AND YOU HAVE TO UNINSTALL AND REINSTALL AND YOU LOSE AAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL THE ♥♥♥♥ING PROGRESS YOU MADE ON THE MAP YOU'RE PLAYING.I have had to uninstall and reinstall the game multiple times due to random failures, such as me spawning in the middle of map in multiplayer with no truck, no players can talk to me or anything, i lose all game progress and am unable to start a new game so i have to uninstall and reinstall the game, both of there have occured twice now."
,Recommended,263280,11157895,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,XxSHOOTERxX88,Good Game kinda pricy tho.
76561198015453329,Recommended,263280,11272432,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DeceiveR  326,awesome game and love it but needs more maps and vehicles please
,Recommended,263280,11303243,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Bag,"Fun game, but really is more like a tech demo.  Nothing saves in multiplayer, nothing to really do except haul logs.Biggest problem I have is absolutely no wheel support. C'mon man."
76561198074390411,Recommended,263280,10508012,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,TDRay,"I have had this game since the tech demo game out (a very long time ago) I have to say I am more than surprised on how far along the game has come since the tech demo, from winching out another player, towing a friend back to the garage, or pulling yourself out of a water hole. Truely the best offroad game I have ever seen, and well worth the money."
76561197971273786,Recommended,263280,11681776,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Stiflersnipper,"Great game:)   Looking forward for updates , and more fun stuff to do!  :)"
,Recommended,263280,13542616,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,xiMON5T3RZzx,FANTASTIC GAME
76561198218209689,Recommended,263280,20832507,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,KaMi,awesome game need to see more trucks etc thou :)
,Recommended,263280,33378890,Posted: 8 July,all,Sufiyan Khan,"If you love offroad simulators, this is the way to go.. This game has AMAZING physics"
,Recommended,263280,33021296,Posted: 29 June,all,DecadeR,The most realistic offroad games. recommended
,Recommended,263280,33332539,Posted: 6 July,all,Crispyfunk,"Lots of fun, worth every penny."
,Recommended,263280,10902357,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,R16RACA,"Great game, but make sure you play the demo to see if this game is the right one for you. Runs well on a medium spec laptop and does everything it should. A few awkward controls and amera angles, however soon to be fixed. if you enjoy the demo then buy it."
76561197991629386,Recommended,263280,10505115,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,ChrisAllOut-YouTube,this game is highly realistic in the terms on mudding. the mud is really realistic in alot of ways.. for example.. if u have a load on youll sink into the mud more than u normally would without a load. the spinning in the mud is also realistic. if you a person who likes mudding... like a redneck... this game is for u
,Recommended,263280,14718606,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,MakeItRain,"I have about 60 some hours on this game. I play this game when im usally bored or have nothing to do and ill tell you what this game is perfect for that. I love the graphics in this game, very real graphics and physics. If you like off-roading or mudding, this game is perfect. Very good game and i recommend it. It also supports wheels and I have a Logitech G27 and personally I prefer the keyboard, but that option is there for people who have wheels."
,Recommended,263280,10486878,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Dano,"Extremely fun game. It is a relatively accurate simulator and mud can be frustrating to say the least. However, there is a great amount of satisfaction when you achieve a good, or get a truck somewhere it shouldn't be.Pros:Great simulation.Good attention to detail.Stable.Cons:The challenge is a bit high, but can be tweaked with mods.There aren't enough goals now. Moving lumber and uncovering the map is it."
,Recommended,263280,13116084,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,2shoes,Should be titled Winch simulator.
76561198080793012,Recommended,263280,10584678,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Simple Jim :^),its swagged out its icy ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,263280,13004651,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,pevecyan,Best dirt simulation made
76561197968843890,Recommended,263280,11125910,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,meinbasti,Dont know what it is but I always come back and spend another hour in the mud without realising I spent another hour in the mud.
76561198027936475,Recommended,263280,10812192,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,WiteLuxin,Learn Russian
76561198058636684,Recommended,263280,10957817,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Shady Viking,"You can drive big♥♥♥♥♥trucks through mud, if you aren't allready buying this game go back to playing LoL you hippie"
76561198048484955,Recommended,263280,15734288,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Harden18,Like Skyrim with Mud 10/10 -IGN
,Recommended,263280,10512071,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,MuLuMe ~(=ﾟωﾟ)ﾉ,GOTY 2014 ~(.= ・ェ・ =)ノ
76561197998222643,Recommended,263280,10526340,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,FURIOUS D,"Buy it, buy it, buy it. You will not regret it. Filthy, dirty, muddy fun for hours and hours. Even better playing with others. Very challenging and I'm addicted. Only 6 vehicles though. Still, not bad for a Kickstarter project that only pulled in 60,000 Brittish Pounds. The beta mods for extra vehicles should be coming accross but they should have the Steam workshop."
76561197991503484,Recommended,263280,10890532,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,rob_strikes_back,If you dont Buy this game we cant be friends. This game is like your favotire meal but with Cheese aded to it unles your favotire meal is chese. if that is the case then imagine Cheese with Cheese ontop.
,Recommended,263280,11233130,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Spacker,SImply EPIC!!!! ;D
76561198125675903,Recommended,263280,12123470,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Bathtubjim,Fun for when you dont have anything ele to do!
,Recommended,263280,16408896,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,CallMeTexx,"I'm from the south so this is a country boys dream, when it comes to not having to tear your own toys up. With the mods available with a wide variety of vehicles makes it even better"
,Recommended,263280,18997179,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,blue wing™,this is one of the best games that i play and the people that play this are epic and nice i would tell everone to buy this game and give it a try
76561198129488148,Recommended,263280,16710317,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,PBBunnyZ,"Wow... Great game, great graphics, great physics.11/10 would get stuck in mud again"
,Recommended,263280,16418876,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SomersetGamer,Spin tires is a good game but the controls are difficult to get used to.
76561198076482158,Recommended,263280,16112479,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,DJRoughStuff,0/10  No Dragons.
76561198059251658,Recommended,263280,16316062,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Johnny Tsunami,I like this game. I tip over a lot
,Recommended,263280,13523691,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,BeamHD,OMG play multiplayer with a friend and it's the greatest game ever. So much fun and interesting!
76561198011947070,Recommended,263280,20740364,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Norton security,nice that still gets updated
76561198055105886,Recommended,263280,11087877,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Maliciousfiber,"Volumetric smoke, multiple vehicles, various attachments, trailer configurations, even winches and cranes. The technical situations, stunning landscape, challanges and quality of craftsmanship are what make this game incredible. Its just fun to play."
,Recommended,263280,13121578,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Brajant,"Very interesting game, only 600 MBs of hdd usage, but it has pefrect graphics and all of the freedom to play it."
76561198087179255,Recommended,263280,13175264,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ᶰⓌ☠,♥♥♥♥♥in
,Recommended,263280,10961693,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,NotCreative,I saw a big mud pit and said screw it lets do this russian style
,Recommended,263280,10483660,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,IT07,"FINALLY! Something different.1) It looks amazing2) Performance with this engine is really good (NEVER went below my lower-limit: 60fps)3) Time consuming which makes it fun4) Low-paced5) Snappy controls and UI6) Starts and loads quickly7) Sound design is top-notch8) Physics feel very balanced and real9) Satisfaction guarenteedDISCLAIMER: If you like high-paced games, then this is NOT the game for you."
76561198095222748,Recommended,263280,12259554,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Hazzer947,"Amazing game, love the physics, amazing vehicles and just a really fun game to play with friends or random peopleNegatives;Only on objective (get logs)You can only winch onto one thing at a timeset aside those points its a really good game worth itAdd me if you want to play together :)"
76561198046779235,Recommended,263280,13231053,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Mielkman,"SPINTIRES is a very respectable offroad truck simulator.  Much like actually driving heavy equipment, whenever you get in a hurry, things will go wrong.  On hardcore mode, you have to physically recover your downed vehicles with judicious use of winches and cabling, and a realistic fuel cycle.I do wish there were a little more elaborate cabling options for pulling yourself out of tight spots, but that is an extremely minor complaint in the face of otherwise excellent gameplay.The physics are impressively real for the most part, with very few and rare glitches to break your suspension of disbelief.If you have the patience and want to drive through beautiful rural areas less seen, I highly recommend this game."
76561198038661094,Recommended,263280,13382838,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Dariusboy,"It`s the best offoad game, since 1nsane.Really like the realistic physics. And that if you do not use 4wd drive and diff locks, you cannot do nothing in the mud.Almost like real life driving.But....what really pisses me off, is that you can`t save map in game. Yes between game you can, but after you`ve finsihed it, you have to start all over again.Now...if Oovee would add save system, i would give the game 10 out 10!!! ;)"
,Recommended,263280,14505152,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,mbraun222,"*This Post Is For Developers*UPDATED JAN 11, 2015ALL IN ALL EXCELLENT GAME BUT,Some More Ideas For Next Update!-**PLEASE ADD SLI AND CROSSFIRE COMPATABILITY**-Should be able to choose the total objective points for each log yard.-Shifting should be able to be done with keyboard keys, as well as the mouse.-More levels. A rocky level, A level where you have to make the roads yourself with the proper equipment.-Once objective is complete the level should not be complete. Logs could then be sold which can be used to buy lift kits and tire upgrades winch upgrades snorkle upgrades horsepower upgrades ect.-Do all the vehicles have to have P.T.O. winches which do not work when vehicle is tipped on its side and not running? Maybe some of the smaller vehicles could be electric which will still work when engine is off. At lest the jeep should have this type of winch.-More vehicles, Vehicles to make your own roads, high horsepower vehicle to play around in the mud with."
,Recommended,263280,13332913,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Mallyhubz,"## Amazing mud simulator ##I got this on a deal, and I am very happy with it for £7Good vehicles and different set ups, challenging landscapes, decent multiplayer and great looking. Controls need to be customisable though."
76561198271934570,Recommended,263280,20050985,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,diezelcruze,"Awesome game! So realistic it feels like you are actually driving the trucks. Hours of serious fun if you like motorized vehicles. Water crossing is amazing. Reflections, dust, dirt, waves, physics all good."
,Recommended,263280,10511231,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Buck Wylder,"Well, it's only been about 11+ hours or so; that's about 3-4 complete levels so far, either on Multiplayer or singleplayer.Personally, I like a simulator that makes it a challenge. If you wanted to play an off-road driving ""Simulator"" and hoped it would be and easy, fun-filled experience of bouncy bumper-cars in a sloppy muddy all-terrain wonderland.Well...Tough♥♥♥♥♥♥It's going to be difficult, it's going to be frustrating, but kinda funny to see your friends buried 3-4 feet under-mud/water/dirt/rivers...It's all about team-work, looking towards finishing your goals and achieving the objective. TO TRANSPORT LUMBER!!!Hopefully that was dramatic enough. Because it's not all that exciting. I'll give it that, there's my first con on this game; one objective...But that's fine, because the game doesn't have to end if you don't let it. Just drive around, explore the environment, laugh at mistakes and help each other out when in a jam.For example, every time my friend and I would go out, we'd split off to uncover the map, when that's all done, we'd recover the vehicles we needed and followed suite to each objective. one behind the other, so if one got stuck, the other could just pull him right out of the mud or a river.It was a lot of trial and error to figure out that layout. But all these guys that complain about the terrain being too hard, They are out of their minds. It is so easy to handle, if you know how to drive. :P and the camera controls are not bogus. People are just bad at controlling it. Press 1 to view the front and the back, press 2 to look at the trailer (If you have one) good to make sure you don't Jackknife or roll yourself over.And you can zoom in and out with the scroll wheel. Spin the mouse around when not in the advanced menu through V and you can get every angle possible around your vehicle. It's that simple. Pan And Zoom!So really, bottom line. Get This Game, NOW!It a lot of fun, you just have to let it happen and forgive yourself for any mistakes that you might happen along the way. I mean, Its just a game. right?"
76561198026741611,Recommended,263280,10821351,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Gcode6969,thank you and please release on consoles :D
76561198067414255,Recommended,263280,19331728,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Potato Joe,Love the agame whatch Squirrel play it made mw wanna buy it. The graphics are great and the misssion on casual are good. The ablity to use my wheel was a grea thing and the added Roof cam was a plus. Hope to see more from yall keep up the great work
76561198266068112,Recommended,263280,22466765,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,goofy15936,if you a fast learner to put maps in the game and you love mud dirt  and massive air and do some jobs like logging and unlocking the map and  garages tehn this is your game i love this game i only have 2 thumbs but if i  can steal more thumbs id say 10 thumbs up
,Recommended,263280,16020682,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Jones1296,such a cool game
76561198145866141,Recommended,263280,14952306,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,JOELCONNORLIVE,i love this game
,Recommended,263280,13582029,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ک∂R∂ƈعŋ  •̪̀͡●,"A fantastically fun offroad driving sim with some of the best volumetric and vehicle behaviour physics I've witnessed.Got stuck in the mud? Ask your mate to winch you out!Slight issue with camera angles at times, but you get used to it.More development and mod tools needed.  Solid 8/10"
76561198239473990,Recommended,263280,33056079,Posted: 30 June,all,UltimateGaming79,amzing game just like beamng but both games are still amzing
,Recommended,263280,33023749,Posted: 29 June,all,JΞKNYΛN FLΛЯΞ | MΞT,"- Gets jeep- Go off-roading- Flips jeep- Repeat- Attempts to cross a river- Gets stuck- Repeat11/10 would flip again11/10 would drown againAlso, this game is best played with friends"
76561197985435188,Recommended,263280,20453181,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,goat88,Solid
,Recommended,263280,32953265,Posted: 28 June,all,[TWaT] Quanta,10/10 would mudbath again
76561198047657132,Recommended,263280,33082629,Posted: 1 July,all,buttstuff,"They should call it ""Turning Trucks Into Boats Using Diff-Lock""And it's great."
76561198140390203,Recommended,263280,33018099,Posted: 29 June,all,Tboss,this game is so much fun and it is really fun with mods!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198352202189,Recommended,263280,32870617,Posted: 27 June,all,ben ets2,good gave but had to pay £20 for it which i dont like
,Recommended,263280,23913217,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Gedeon,"Spintires: For those who secretly wish they were not too old to go outside and play in mud puddles.It's not about speed nor fast reaction time. It's about planning, looking ahead and going slow.Lots of fun relaxing in this game... Until you try to pick up logs. I gave up on that, it was too frustrating. Still, very enjoyable game."
76561198373189752,Recommended,263280,33141328,Posted: 2 July,all,+INQUISITOR+,"Best offroading game I've played. Beutiful graphics, very sharp textures on the trucks. Incredible physics,, tire & mud deformation. This is a great game tor elax and it isn't a race. Take your time, try not to get stuck with some of the smaller trucks.I never had this much fun usiuung a winch! (you can also winch another truck).Game lacks any sort of explanantion as to a goal, but after looking over the map and playing a while, you get the hang of it. It's a sandbox game with a few goals to achieve on each map.Spintires is a good solid foundation, a good engine, runs very smoothly, good camera angles, although I wish they'd have detailed interior views for better immersion."
76561198327904791,Recommended,263280,33204670,Posted: 3 July,all,Adolf Hitler hellcase.com,"Gets kinda boring if you are playing alone, but overall a really nice one"
,Recommended,263280,23694541,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Nissan GT-R,I have just bought this game to knock down trees.I have just bought this game to see mud physics.I have just bought this game for the Vehicles.I have just bought this game to have multiplayerI have just bought this game to be patient/impatientI have just bought this game to get stuck in mud/waterI have just bought this game to go 2 miles off a rampI have just bought this game to see the beutiful graphicsNo.I bought this game forall thosereasons. (and probably more!)*9000/10
76561198387472815,Recommended,263280,33189634,Posted: 3 July,all,jasonwall119,MY CURSOR WONT SHHOW UP WHEN I GO FULL SCREEN
,Recommended,263280,18084605,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Monceras,"Very good game, very bad support from the maker.But there is a huge modding community so if you like a new truck..., its possible"
,Recommended,263280,33205728,Posted: 3 July,all,Beast_William,"I love the game, very good, but the thing i dont like is how fast your fuel goes down, plus this game requires alot of patience and time, for example, on volcano after i got a load of logs i got stuck in a mud hole, by the time i got out i wanted to slam my head on my desk, but its still a very good game, the multiplayer mechanics are a bit wonky but besides that very   very fun."
,Recommended,263280,14517648,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Garlic Bread,"i love this game once i saw it on youtube i know i wanted it and bought it. i love the graphics even on a laptop it hardly noticeable that am on a laptop everything is so smooth and flawless. its hard to beleive, one thing i wish could happen is of course the tires maybe more tires choices. other then that i love this game and will recommend this game to gamers. keep up the good wait and cant wait for more maps and updates!"
,Recommended,263280,11595811,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,RusticPineapple,THIS GAME IS AMAZE. Why? Offroading without going into RL and risking your life terrian deprivation on a whole new level is included.
76561198028429778,Recommended,263280,13972325,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,sailingjacobe,Great Game. I played the hell out of it in Dev mode before it was on steam. The only problem is the camera. The camera angle is the biggest peice of sh!t ever. Almost impossible to use. IT should have less loose movement and more solid movements with the mouse. And other features to get close to see what you are doing.
76561198056875631,Recommended,263280,13975005,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,justersnoozer,this is a very addictive and interesting game. i very much enjoy playing it and would reccomend it to others. however i have become quite frustrated due too the fact that my when i open the game up to continue playing i find that it is no longer there. this has happened several times and although u enjoy playing the game a lot i am tired of having to restart over and over.
76561198047331419,Recommended,263280,13976847,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,AverySmack,this game is very good
,Recommended,263280,13993967,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,AdmiralSpoon,"THIS GAME IS SPOON APPROVED!Spintires aka ,Getting stuck in the mud in the Russian tundra simulator 2014, is well a game where you deliver Logs from Point A or B to Point C, and sometimes to Point D too.Point A is a Lumber loading zone, where an infinite amount of Logs, in the length they are needed in, are supplied to you.Point B are Logs that have to be picked up by a crane and loaded on to you.Point C/D are the locations where the Logs are to be delivered to.For this mission you have a collection of Trucks, from an UAZ to an MAZ-7310, and a collection of attachment for these trucks to help you in your mission, log trailer, a crane, fuel canister, repair attachment etc.This missions sounds simple right? WRONG. Because there is an enemy working against you... the Ground itself.The Engine of Spintires allows the ground to deform and change it's condition, so that getting stuck in it gets very easy.But luckily there is a winch that can help you to get out of the mud, most times.But before you deliver the logs, it would be wise to uncover the map as it is cloaked at the beginning of a map and certain areas must be explored to uncloak it, And Garages must be unlocked with a Garage attachment or Trailer, so you can repair your truck there and recover a lost trucks to this location.And now the real challenge starts delivering the logs to the objective, what will set a challenge since your truck is heavier now.But enough of the Objective.The Game supports Keyboard+mouse,controller and steering wheels as input.The Gearbox is nicely different in here, it has 4 gears, Revers, Forward, Forward in high gear, and full automatic.Also All wheel drive and Differential Lock helps you with rather tricky areas in game.And if you ever get lonely in the mud, call in your friends in the multiplayer mode.Luckily the modding community starts putting out more and more content for it, sadly Multiplayer and Achievements will be disabled if mods are installed, but that is hopefully a subject to change in the future with the hopefully soon upcoming Workshop support.Since just the objectives are a can get a bit boring, the Achievements are the thing that can give the Game more challenge and keep if fun.Another downside is that there is at this moment only an external view available for the trucks.All in all it provides fun on the long run and stays challenging."
76561197973347520,Recommended,263280,12687807,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,yammee666,"Just got the game finding it difficult but loving it all the same. it could do with a decent tutorial, I made a few trips and have not achieved anything yet, but i enjoyed the challenge so much it just did not bother me.I am looking forward to getting better trucks that are more capable than the intitial ones,  the physics I find is exceptional and everything seems to work as you would expect just as in the in the real world.I have never come across a computer game that does mud so well either.One of the things you can do which will help you in game is to just go off in the little 4x4 and keep off the main tracks cos it can,t hack it.Travel through the woods and explore to find the cloaked area's. Not only is this fun but it opens up the map for the big trucks so you can plan your route a bit better.Up to now the coolest thing I have done is get stuck and then go off and get another truck and winch the stuck truck out of the mud.I will update this review as game time progresses.Oh and to all the doubters out there. I think this is a finished enough game, especially in single player to warrant the price tag even if not on sale."
76561198034818498,Recommended,263280,12699962,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,jACKBAUEr,"OK.First off, fire the camera man. 99% of the time i get hung up on a tree and the camera shoots all the way around.Second. Where are all the cool vehicles? Im stuck with this god afule tractor trailer that couldn't pull a sack of potatos without getting stuck. The only other vehicle i found that was remotely cool was the 8x8 oshkos, and it needs fuel and was partly broken.Why is this garbage blue truck in this game? It serves NO purpose, if the player is FORCED to use it, at least make it jacked way up with mud tires.Also, this jeep.....exactly.Come on oovee."
76561198145419285,Recommended,263280,12704166,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,robsouthoz,ITS GREAT GAME
76561198032626602,Recommended,263280,12713015,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Phukkit,"All right. So I am an advent off-road driver. And I saw this game for $30. But I didn't feel like it was worth that much so I waited it out and bought it on sale. Needless to say, it would have been worth the full price.It is a great game, and down to the point, here is the pros and the cons.Pros:-Enviroment. Both visually attractive, yet functional. The ground reacts properly, and it is far from plain.-The Vehicles. Great array of vehicles to select from. Sure given the time period and point of game, you can't get a Jeep. But they are beautifully done, with their own perks and downsides.-Customization. You can do up your vehicles with what ever you may need to get the job done.-Physics. They're great. Muddy tires don't always get traction, and the more kit you have on your vehicle, the heavier and more likely it bogs down.-The Gameplay. Though they could have just cheaped out and made it so you just get to bog around. They added actual objectives, and side objectibes to complete. This makes the game far more interesting.Cons:-Camera Angels. Worst camera angels ever. I sent one of my fully loaded trucks down a cliff because I couldn't angel the camera to see what was directly in front of me.-Sound. Though the actual sound of what's going on in the game is awesome, it would be nice if you could set up a playlist or something.Either way, I look forwards to what more this game has to offer. I hope they will release Allied and other countries vehicles with more maps in the near future (for a reasonable price of course).So if you're like me and like to off-road, this games for you. The bonus is, it's still cheaper than doing it with your own vehicle!"
76561198007525493,Recommended,263280,12728933,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Build The Wall !,i love it and i will always injoy it but its super boring after u get all the maps done there is just got to be more things to do not bs either add more objs or rescues just something i never had to many problems with bugs  just a few  times gone flying i got almost 70 hrs  will not return tell maps or something is out peace
76561198016609315,Recommended,263280,12755334,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,james365,"I really love this game, and cant wait to see the finial polished edition."
,Recommended,263280,12831735,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,PumaOfDarkness,+ Exceptional terrain deformation+ Realistic tire grip+ Realistic vehicles (tire contact/stresses on individual parts)+ Steering wheel/controller support (tested with Logitech G27)+ Steering wheel force feedback+ Engaging/realistic offroad driving+ Multiple levels+ Sizeable levels+ Multiple vehicles+ Multiplayer+ Great sound effects+ Good looking graphics0 Currently in early access/subject to change0 Offroad/lumberjack simulator0 Contains classic weathered trucks0 Has somewhat off a learning curve- Currently lacks sufficient tutorials/key explanation- Not all function keys are rebindable- Currently no cockpit view (said to be added later)- Camera controls could be better
,Recommended,263280,12836846,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Hariwulf,"It's awesome.I never liked driving games, until this.Best Mud Simulator 2014-forever to come.Nicely challenging on Singleplayer, and Multiplayer is funny as hell."
,Recommended,263280,13930148,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Bot_Craig,"Gameplay is solid. However, you're going to want to play some kind of music to fill in the empty audio spaces this game can have. I understand that the developers made the demo able to accept mods, which is great. However, I wish they would have added the feature for the people who paid for it as well. This game, in it's current state, is not worth 29.99. It is,  however, worth a penny less when it comes on sale. Wait for the steam seasonal sale, and pick this game up. It has a lot of potential! Just not 30 dollars worth of content. Yet."
76561198038973761,Recommended,263280,13934071,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Sundowner,"SpinTires is a little different then most games.  It's a more... relaxing game.  There's no time limits, items to collect or dangers to avoid.  Each map does have a mission and you do have to unlock areas on the overhead map and there are hidden vehicles to unlock.  But, if you want to do the mission you can do that or you could just drive around.  They have done some good updates and added 2 new maps.Which brings me to one of my major issues.  It seems that evey time they do an update, the save games are deleted."
76561198150697319,Recommended,263280,13935393,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Wolf,"I recommend this game to who ever loves mudding like me and open world tree cracking, falling and spining mud thrown everywhere on the truck to anyone. This is the game id buy 10 times over and over cause seriously the dificulty and amazing hitch to a tree to get out is awsome.. 4 poeple to play with a help eachother thru the way is cool. PLease by and enjoy this game with me thank you"
76561198095035476,Recommended,263280,13938279,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,supercook138,"I must admit I am having some troubles getting into this game. When I first saw the title I was really impressed with the graphics and the detail of the environments. The East European game companies seem to take a lot of pride in their depictions of the back country. I am just having a F#*^k of a time getting rolling, getting some good runs in, some ""yee haw"" please? I will keep at it, despite a tooth grinding dislike of the control structure, and how quickly I get mired. I realize a character and some storyline is excesss baggage at this stage, and I do enjoy just pushing throught to see whats on the other side of the mountain, but maybe it would be a bit more involving  to walk out of a garage with some Georgian (your call which one) country tunes accompanying my climb into a cab where I ground my oversized mug of coffee in an oversized coffee cup holder and check my brake cylinders, set my radio, and look at a map where dispatch has marked log haul jobs, questionable terrain, and some mineral sites to assay(or something like that, maybe set seismic lines, tag trees, bust out a shindaiwa brush saw and whack some weeds). A secondary gameplay mode with a 3rd person character doing some simple tasks to break up the vehicular action, short, not terribly challenging, the game should still be about getting you there.The decision not to was probably made long ago, but the game is still young and a DLC add on to flesh out the game with a character might tip the review scales a bit, dont need to go too deep, he/she doesnt need  a motive beyond a days work, just some appropriate lines, ""I dont think the gas is going to hold out"" or ""Deeper than I thought"", as you get out, walk over to a tree, and set your winch cable, maybe throw a wizz. Some will consider this a waste of time, role play is in the mind, and if you play this a lot, you probably have a character lurking in your minds subconcious purgatory...... I am Yvgeni, who smokes lousy french cigarillos, and listens to Ukranian death metal in his truck, and gets annoyed at the bugs.So how about a $3.99 overhaul DLC, Slick up the interface, especially for gamepad, add some different terrain, different scenery, scare up an elk or two, involve me as a character with a simple setting and step up the nasty mudbogs after I get some momentum going. I will play when the mood strikes regardles, it is a good game, but I think the team moved on before they took full advantage of the sandbok they built."
76561198009830026,Recommended,263280,13942492,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,~Finny~,"First off i'd like to comment about the the people who generaly complain about the game, people always buy things expecting it to be the perfectly polished with not a single bug, not even the big game devs of triple A titles can get away with no bugs and they have huge teams. so to oovee i say congrats on how far you came i don't care how long it takes for things to get better but i don't mind waitingNow the game :The game itself is entertaining and fun, some of the maps are a real challenge and can be hard to finish.PROS :good graphicsgreat physics (minor bug here and there)challenging gameplayDecent sized community (though alot just complain about how nothing is perfect)CONS:updates are abit slowsome updates render the game unplayable at times but oovee gets round to fixing them rather than abandoning the gameall in all if you want the game get it but if you're the type who can't stand even a slight bug stay away and learn some patience"
,Recommended,263280,13949227,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,-tommygun9900-,It's quite good you can drive your car in a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥it's like driving in Wales what a ♥♥♥♥ing dump
76561198041741552,Recommended,263280,13958763,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,TrackDoctor,"This is the most awesome game I have ever played!At first I had some problems getting it to work on my pc, due to some corrupt data. But now that it works, I can't stop playing :) What an experience! such a cool game and very, very realistic :D"
,Recommended,263280,13964581,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Zauvzi,"Amazing game. Although it can be a little dry at times, you can always spice it up with some multiplayer. Physics and maps are very well done, fair amount of vehicles to drive, and hours of stuff to do on every map.PROS: Decent graphics, Good number of maps, Lots of vehicles, Great multiplayer, Updates are frequent enough, Realistic.CONS: Singleplayer gets a little boring after a while, In some areas the maps start to look the same.Overall, get this game. If you even have a remote interest in offroading you'll get a few hours of fun out of this, just remember, friends don't let friends 4X4 alone. 8/10"
,Recommended,263280,13954232,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,TurtleBack McGraw,"Amazing Off-road game. definately one of a kind. ground deformation. along with traction simulation. fuel consumption. and a relatively low computer demand. it runs very smoothly. only cons are the replayability value is somewhat low. they should add more objectives. although that doesnt mean its an easy game, definately has challenging moments. failure can be extremely frustrated and completion of objectives is pretty satisfying. they add maps now and then which is nice to know they are still in development. a little pricey but further development might draw the game closer to value"
76561198049388257,Recommended,263280,10480949,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Vanadis 스웨덴 ♥,"This is amazing, the feel to it driving in the forest is very close to the real deal and looks and act very real, have never been happy as i get stuck in the mud as i have been in here ^^"
,Recommended,263280,11377114,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Nick,The best Dirt Truck Sim out there !
76561197965152436,Recommended,263280,19204269,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,vevlaa,"Spintires is a game that makes you wonder why the clock just jumped several hours forwards...Pros;-THE offroad simulator.-Terrain effects (That damned mud xD )-Large variety of vehicles (and even more with mods!)-Game devs that listen to its comunity-4 player COOP Multiplayer-Different levels (And more to come!)Cons;-CAMERA! This have been an issue since the early beginings of the game up to now (Nov 2015) The devs are working on something though.-Some glitches - Mostly texture, but also a few major ones. like getting stuck on invisible objects-A lack of ""endgame"". I'd say you can have a good week's play with this, but after you get all the achivements, the interest CAN begin to wither. More content are expected though.Would I recomend this game? Yes. 9/10. Even for just that week I mentioned above. I often seem to find myself back in the game after a few days/weeks off, playing other things."
76561198263822480,Recommended,263280,19567321,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,nutz gaming,"very sweet off-road driving physics are AMASING would recomend to all friends very easy to drive with xbox one controller but it does require a lot of really good vheicle mods to be added like the volvo xc90, nissan x-trail and the ford f350 superduty pick up truck."
,Recommended,263280,21154155,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Clorox,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198268555318,Not Recommended,263280,21372642,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,[PL224] S.Jones,its ok inj game mouse is missing
76561198080067488,Not Recommended,263280,21557611,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Bigdog32,is a great game but now dislike it cause i cant play it for some reason every time i try to start it up it loads and at the main menu it crashes
,Recommended,263280,25820783,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,washu73,Acurately portrays the experience of being bogged up to your axels in mud.10/10
,Recommended,263280,24835042,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,IMHELLCAT22,fun asf homies
,Recommended,263280,24725353,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Aled_D92,">play floods map>find safe route without sinking>transporting logs, all is good>feel confident; change gear from 1st to 1st high>miss the gear>unrelenting torrent of the river stops the truck dead>panic and slam it in 1st again>in the confusion I turned off diff lock, wheels spin in river bed>wheel digs in as truck rolls over>titanic theme.mp3>logs are currently floating away, truck has drowned9/10 would become overconfident and drown again.In all seriousness, it's a fantatic game. The camera is annoying and the game is developing quite slowly, but overall well worth playing if you like more realistic, technical driving."
76561198097751665,Recommended,263280,25040316,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,devencollins,#1 offroad game made. Im a huge fan and cant wait for it to come out on xbox.
,Recommended,263280,24907415,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,BlueEyedCookie,"Well... where do I start?Great mud physics,great truck models,great maps,great moddding community!Whats not to like?"
,Recommended,263280,23997881,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cock in a Sock,This game captures everything I wish I could do in real life. including pulling an overturned 8x8 out of a ditch with a Ford Ranger...
76561198202002303,Recommended,263280,23945582,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,diskony2012,best ever
76561198470787418,Recommended,263280,25891133,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,juster1311,"Excellent, easy to learn but difficult to master. First Class graphics and truck details."
76561198162095257,Recommended,263280,29072189,Posted: 6 January,all,FafLa,GG
,Recommended,263280,28770336,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Rat With Testicles,Nice game
76561198040382768,Recommended,263280,28771888,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SystemBD,"The Dark Souls of driving games. It is really hard if you do not approach it with caution (and patience) but, most times, you can go back, retrieve your lost progress and learn from your mistakes. Also, you really fell accomplished once you achieve a difficult task."
76561198065921679,Recommended,263280,29028169,Posted: 4 January,all,PRT | kämystäjä,"This game should have been named differently:""Getting stuck in mud -simulator""Moddable from workshop.A bit unstable but playable.Devs update the game a bit too slowlyBest offroad driving simulator that I have played."
76561198047361090,Recommended,263280,28815665,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Barney Strife,"Where's the dry, desert level? :-)"
,Recommended,263280,28818629,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pight Tussy,9 hours stuck in mud 10/10
76561197987256121,Recommended,263280,27548550,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blitz,Peaceful game to play until you get stuck in the mud after trekking through the countryside for 45 minutes and you GET STUCK RIGHT BEFORE END OF THE TRAIL.9/10 helps satisfy me from buying a real Jeep until I can actually afford one.
,Recommended,263280,28820754,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,jayj200015,I love
76561198307623811,Recommended,263280,26936485,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DecklennOnline,THIS  GAME IS AMAZING you can drive big trucks in mud and water and you can download new cars and maps to drive on. Then half way through the map u flip and half to restart therefore 69/10
,Recommended,263280,28779404,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,KRAKEN,"Realistic afMud physics are amazing, could use some smoothing, but really good in all.Crawling is greatWish you could modify/tune vehicles in the gameRelys on mods imo, but mods are easy to get/installlots of mods/addonsoverall 8/10good graphics, easy to run for budget systemsfun gameplayhas multiplayereasy to install modsfun in general"
76561198045187367,Recommended,263280,28764290,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tamim,Good
76561197999957065,Recommended,263280,29883709,Posted: 12 February,all,Binary Stylus,I love this game - great graphics and physics - fun truck driving
,Recommended,263280,29885299,Posted: 12 February,all,AimDotMedia,"Remember watching this on a Youtubers channel, who I follow & first thought was had to buy this game but never got round to it. But after time I eventually bought the game, what can I say really? The physics are just out of this world. You want realism? You've got it.Takes a little while to get used the cameras in this game as they can be a little fiddly but after that, you'll love this game.Probably one of the best purchases in my library."
,Recommended,263280,19805952,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Truckersteel,I enjoy this game alot. But... I wish it had Mac/OSX support.
,Recommended,263280,12738516,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,coriolinus,"You know the mud I'm talking about. It clumps on your boots, 5 kg each, sticky and heavy and miserable to move through. In a forest fire, it produces perfectly natural clay. This mud is the kind of mud which inspires engineers to drain swamps and invent ever-larger bulldozers.Spintires is a game about this mud, about taking light trucks and progressively heavier trucks through the terrain in an attempt to outwit the mud. There is no economy in this, not when the end-of-mission screen notes you've burned 3000 liters of diesel fuel to move 8 tons of logs from one side of the map to the other. Real people would simply write off this terrain and give it up as useless, at least in its current state, and its resources unclaimable.Can you drive? Can you drive with precision, flair, style, speed? Then get out. You need none of that here. What this game wants is the person who can drive with a winch, coordinating their engine pulses with pulls, steering at one limit or the other, to escape the everpresent mud.Bring a friend. Play alone. If you think you might like churning along in first gear, fording rivers with a load of logs on a trailer behind you, this game won't judge. It's right there with you. But no matter what: you will get muddy."
76561198002454188,Recommended,263280,12755198,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Jack The Drunk,Start  new game.Get Stuck.Start new game.The Endless Cycle
76561198118115353,Recommended,263280,12840565,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Air Force One,i really like spintires its a great offroad simulation game and the thing i like most trusted relieable russian trucks and a jeep tough and strong trucks and a small jeep for scoping for clokes
76561198093565137,Recommended,263280,13944709,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,MR CR-Z,"Add vehicles with tracks and its a 10/10, until then its still the best getting stuck in the mud simulator ive ever seen 8/10"
,Recommended,263280,13964880,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Von Nebo,"This game teaches you the valuable lesson that world is made of mud, not dirt.If you're one of those types who enjoys being in a sandbox game and making really challenging things to try and solve and get out of, Spintires is very much like that.  A major spontaneous problem solving game.  You may think the main objective of hauling lumber is very simple.  Well, it is, in concept.  The thing is, when your log truck rolls, then your winch truck runs out of gas, then your gas truck breaks down, you'll understand how it's so much deeper than just 'hauling lumber'.It's like a mini-version of life in general...  You have your main goals, but yet on your way you're faced with many obstacles, some of which are created by the things you yourself have done.  That same sense of accomplishment is in this game, not only when you -finally- deliver the lumber, but every time you right a tipped truck, pack some wood using the crane, or unlock a new garage by delivering the garage trailer to a location.Not only is the concept simple but satisfying, the physics are top notch.  The mud physics are the main brunt of frustration in this game, as they are quite punishing and sometimes random as mother nature can be.  Aside from the couple glitches I've encountered [which both involved my truck being tossed into the air and spinning at an extreme velocity for no reason whatsoever], it plays like you'd expect a big lug of a truck to drive.  The one vehicle that is very strange to drive [as well as quite useless, in my opinion] is the regular 4x4 jeep.  It doesn't drive down the road, it bounces down the road, and will then sink when it hits mud faster than any of the other larger vehicles.Other than these few peeves, I fully enjoy playing this game for large portions of time.  It's very ambient.  No music, unless you include the insane and random guitar bit that will blow your eardrums out of your head every time you get an achievement.  Sometimes, I'll put on my own tunes on the computer and play.  It's as if you have the radio on.Multiplayer is, as you'd imagine, even more fun than single player.  Plan your routes/plans/truck builds with your friends or stranger fellow-loggers.  Tow each other out of a bind, or follow your friend as a backup repair vehicle.  Accidental crashes into your fellows are often quite detrimental, and thus also fun and exciting.I know it sounds like a foolish and random concept.  Maybe it is, 'Russian logging game' didn't seem to appealing to me when I bought it and I had my doubts.  But now, I'm very glad I bought it, and I play it often."
,Recommended,263280,13965373,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Spehcktor,FUN!
,Recommended,263280,13971778,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Wassey,"this game teaches you how to get stuck in mud and how it takes a few hours to get out just so you can drive in to another pit of mud after 20 meters again. but at the same time it was quite fun realising how stupid you can be thinking ""that river dont look so deep"""
76561198125868303,Recommended,263280,13976530,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,A-Smashed-Bro,"The game is great, but it would be nice to see some more regular types of off road vehicles to use rather then the massive trucks. Also it would be very nice to have a basic in game save option rather then having to use that seperate launcher to save... But it is really a good game though, best off road game by far!"
,Recommended,263280,13989865,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,nikca16,"I dont usually make recommendations but when i do Spintires! this is an easy going, relaxing offroading game. get stuck a lot ;)    new Flood map is a lot of fun. original maps are great to explore too. wish there was a variety of different objectives but i am sure that those will come soon with continuous updates."
,Recommended,263280,21884397,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Adfan,i think this game is better than math and science.. hahaha
76561198068854532,Recommended,263280,22385562,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Baesjerker,Black Ops 2 all over again!
,Recommended,263280,19800120,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Argle Bargle,"This game doesn't mess around, it gets boring right away and stays that way for the entire experience. Impressive."
76561197991022747,Recommended,263280,10598324,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,-=HATE=- Rippy,"Extreme Russian Offroading.  I want to like this game, just can't"
,Recommended,263280,11187852,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Brunlea,I'd never had thought i'd have so much fun hauling logs around!  Great game.  If you are sick of the same old motoring simulation going around the same boring track then give this game a go.  Love it.
76561198125881688,Recommended,263280,13953642,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,freakingewguy,what is the difference between legacy version and the regular version??
,Recommended,263280,13976993,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,mattdilllon,"A while back, I would not have given this sim game a Thumb's Up. Now I will!The Dev's of the game have enabled Steering Wheel into the game, making it much more enjoyable.Word of advice; when trying to  enable buttons on the Wheel, I found that the buttons had to first be Mapped to a Keyboard, letter/numbers only.Have fun!"
76561198142891109,Recommended,263280,13989153,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Flak,"If you like truck simulators and are fond of the Russian breed, buy and play this game."
,Recommended,263280,12700254,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Butters' Creamy Goo,"Probably one of my favorite simulators.  The realism is amazing and challenging.  I was surprised that such a well designed game was possible from a small game file compared to most games these days requiring between 10-30GB of data to download.Many of the players have complained about the availability of vehicles/equipment, but that's because they don't understand that you have to unlock those features as part of making the game fun and challenging at the same time.  I myself fell into that trap of wondering if the game was worth buying and waited for the game to go on sale incase I didn't like it, but the game has totally become worth it after only playing for a few hours."
,Recommended,263280,12701427,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,I love the smell of diesel and sweet-buttery-mud in the morning.
,Recommended,263280,12702567,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Dick,awesome needs in cab view tho. and the viewing system sux... a bulldozer would be sweeeet!
,Recommended,263280,12702605,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,The Skeet Master,I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys driving simulators. This is one of the best games that i have played.
,Recommended,263280,12703288,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Turtle88,awesome offroad simulator! so many mods will definately keep the fun going for a long time
76561198020070749,Recommended,263280,12703776,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Bergerson,"Brilliantly made. I expected yet another boring truck simulator,but this game is completely different!!! Highly recommended:)"
,Recommended,263280,12708970,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Sair Aerwyn,This game is sweet.  I really feel more and more manly the bigger the truck I drive.  Sometimes I feel like batman when I use my winch around a tight corner to help pull my truck around it.  What other open world mud physics game can say that?  Would drive again 10/10
,Recommended,263280,12715536,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,alex,"Even though I've only played about two hours on this game so far, I find it a brilliant game. The graphics are just as they are seen in the trailer therfore amazing. The gameplay itself is also very good. There are many maps to choose from and the objectives seem to take quite a while so there is lots to do including unlocking trucks and unlocking cloaks. The trucks on the game are very customizable and depending on the truck your using can really depend on how easy or hard it is to control. I've come into various scenarios where I have had to use another truck or a tree to wrench myself out of deep dirt or rivers which is always quite good fun. I haven't completed the first map yet so it should be fun to try out the other maps. I'm also yet to try the multiplayer mode in this game which looking at a couple of gameplays look good.The only downside to the game, is that it is quite demanding (for me anyway). Basically, you'll want a dedicated graphics card to run this game on high settings. I have put most of my settings on medium or low and it works well however. I still need to purchase a graphics card at some point so I can play this as well as many other games on high graphic settings.Overall, it seems to be a fun game and the fact I got it for £11.99 (I think) was certainly worth it. Not sure I'd want to pay full price though. In my opinion, wait for it to pop up in a sale again (as I do with just about all games)."
76561198154090122,Recommended,263280,12718196,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,devildog2074,"I have been playing this game for a few days and i can say it is fun. That being said it needs more jobs and vehicles/equipment. This game would be awesome if you had a machine like a shear to cut the trees down and pile them up, as well as more mods for the trucks. The crane truck needs more movement it only lifts up a couple of feet. all in all it is a good game i like the graphicllange. i also bought the game on sale i dont think i would have bought it if it was not on sale things in this world are too expensive."
,Recommended,263280,12732605,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,wolfbuzz,"This game is for anyone who likes big trucks and wheelin'. Just be patient, and don't forget to mess around a lot.I hope this game gets additions, but I'm not hlding my breath."
,Recommended,263280,12738848,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,TrentMk4,"Super fun, beautiful, and amazing physics simulation, but the lack of Multiplayer save games is really disappointing. The other day a couple of friends and I were ¾ done with the Coast map, and my game decided to crash, losing our progress.If your goal is to play multiplayer, I might hold off on purchasing this game."
,Recommended,263280,12747688,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,663399,"A really good way to lose lots of hours as you roll around in mud, get stuck, pull yourself out with bigger trucks, and then get that same vehicle stuck in a river. Very fun game 10/10Edit: Even now, still an easy way to lose a weekday to, especially if you're dedicated to Hardcore. The only game I've bothered writing two reviews for. Also, I've beaten Flood on Hardcore. Represent! 10/10"
76561198058075753,Recommended,263280,12760202,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,pazartesi_gorusuruz,The most realistic off-road game. Period.
76561198124457910,Recommended,263280,21849435,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,*ORK* DanielCB,"Friggen absolutely Awesome! You need some knowledge about downloading modded maps if you want to make things more interesting.Here's a link that helped me download maps:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcOZwzre54UWhen it comes to modded vehicles, Steam already has them in-game in what they call a ""workshop""So you don't have to worry about downloading those from your browser, (Thank the Lord)I hope this helps.Have an awesome time Gaming!"
76561198171694455,Recommended,263280,25739386,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,flufflufman,Its a great game and i love it
76561198356161855,Recommended,263280,31366701,Posted: 25 April,all,Fireformula,Very good game fun to play
76561198060234464,Recommended,263280,10843076,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,"Woah, burnt is chewy.","This game is like life:You spin your tires, but you never go anywhere."
,Recommended,263280,15740297,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,[RSM] Slim,"I've been playing this for a couple of years now, from the massively modded tech demo to the multiplayer on steam, the last off roading game I played that was good was called Screamer 4x4 and I would love to recommend that but it doesn't have mud. Not how this does anyway.. I know it looks just like logging but there's lots of modders that have been playing with this for years so you can put whatever vehicle you want into it.. If it's off roading your looking for it's this. Nothing else.**Edit 27/10/15**Since the update that has apparently fixed many, many bugs (None that have ever affected my own, or my friends gameplay experience), Ovee have decided that the unofficial mods aren't representative of the game so you can no longer use them, you can only use the official mods from the steam workshop.... That doesn't appear to exist yet... Thanks Ovee... This update totally sucks. I can't even understand how it could possibly affect Ovee? Everyone who is using these mods has already purchased the game? What are you hoping to achieve by this?**Edit 24/04/17**Very good."
76561197992047230,Recommended,263280,31363764,Posted: 25 April,all,tediicci,"If you find it remotely interesting to do some trucking in harsh conditions i recomed this, HOVEVER if you get a cupple of friends along its a lot more fun"
76561198064814474,Recommended,263280,11464729,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Stromboli,There's only one objective of the entire game. What could possibly go wrong?
,Recommended,263280,11084202,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,SHOCK3R,"Simply the best Off-Road game there is. Realistic Tire simulation, tire pressure, Terrain deformation, Mowing down trees, Winching your friends out of sticky situations. Why wouldn't you have have playing this game:) . Objectives are challenging enough to make you want to play more. Good Job Guys. 9.5/10 . Still need Steering wheel Support and Dash Cameras."
,Recommended,263280,26735772,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Snuggly_Love,Just a WONDERFUL game.
76561198155916128,Recommended,263280,31403509,Posted: 27 April,all,TheMarbleMan,"if you like trucking games and offroad games, then this game is made in heaven,"
,Recommended,263280,20285155,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Andrew,Best game!!! Would recommed 1000 times!
76561198296672358,Recommended,263280,22580433,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TJ Gamer,im speechless
,Recommended,263280,19870886,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Blunder Sunder,"After having played the game a little longer I'm actually happy to change my review to a recommendation, but with a few important caviats:- The camera is awkward, and there's no sign of it changing. You'll get used to it, but will frequently battle against it.- If you're not into the whole 'driving a big thing in lots of mud' gimmick then turn back now, that's the game.- If you're looking for lots of 'game' then this title isn't for you, it's very sandboxy, but does contain some basic missions in scenarios.It feels like an early access game, but it's a good early access game.The good:- Environments are great. Just big enjough, remind me of wales a bit (especially the logging areas).- Vehicles are good, fair number of attacthments etc.- The game plays well. It feels good. Aside from the camera the experience is great. The UI could be better, but its servicable and not ugly.If it's on sale and you're intrigued, go for it!"
,Recommended,263280,28791330,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MasterMind_DC,"This game is great! It's a lot more fun with a friend as you can get them to help you get unstuck if you do get stuck. The physics are so perfect in this game which makes it even more appealing, I suggest this to any of my friends!"
,Recommended,263280,26639190,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,McSleezy (Clay Almighty),👍
,Recommended,263280,24057933,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,kidblack570,AWESOME OFFROADING GAME!
,Recommended,263280,23692829,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,GayBoy,I enjoy this game alot. I came from iRacing because I was told it was a fun game. Turns out it was definitely would recommend to buy this game especially when the steam summer sale is on.
,Recommended,263280,32785324,Posted: 25 June,all,dAnk-,takes half a damn hour to get out of the damn mud
76561198283079050,Recommended,263280,28241877,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,richardbuckler,I have been trying for months to add maps to my spin tires game. anyone know how?
76561198026315395,Recommended,263280,32843292,Posted: 26 June,all,AL_stair,"Drove onto muddy road, got bogged. 10/10"
,Recommended,263280,32892219,Posted: 27 June,all,Kreunz,Fun for co-op
,Recommended,263280,32866705,Posted: 27 June,all,Рођен лош,Awesome :D
76561198085760963,Recommended,263280,19469988,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,CowJumper,"If your looking for a game in which you can drive trucks in mud then this is the game for you. This game is recomended if you love offroading. This game not only has beautiful graphics but it has the most realistic mud i've seen in any game. Don't think that all you do is drive trucks in mud. You can if you chose to do so in the ""Proving Grounds"" mode. If you want a challenge you play the Actual maps. In these ""normal"" modes you have to transport logs from one place to the objective place, such as a sawmill through rivers and over mountains. Not only is there a pretty wide varietty of trucks in this game, but  it uses steam workshop so you can find truck skins and trucks you can drive in the game while you try to finish these objectives. There is also a multiplayer mode for you and your mud loving friends. Together you work to complete the objectives. Then there is a Hardcore mode which makes it even more of a challenge.Now this game isnt a perfect 10. There are some bugs and glitches. Sometimes is it very hard to control some vehicles. The workshop doesnt have a lot vehicles, but I can't blame the game for that. Some people complain about the mud physics. Other than just a few reported problems from friends I would rate this game a 9/10. It is a very good game and i really enjoyed it, but they need to add new official maps and more vehicles. They haven't had many new update in awhile though. :("
76561198025609232,Not Recommended,263280,17528963,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Leonov,"A game like Spintires is one I have been hoping to see for a while, one that focuses on driving Soviet built off road vehicles in a off road environment. While it is a fairly well done game, especially for one which is almost entirely developed by one person, it isn't one I would recommend at the full price that it is sold on Steam ($30)... yet. If you can grab it on a sale, and one where it is sold for 15 dollars and under, then I would say you can definetly get your money's worth, especially if a game in which exploring maps and getting loads from one side to another with many obsticals like terrain, trees, mud, rivers is more your style.  Of course, I might change this review a little later when more is added to the game, but in its current state, it is a little overpriced for what you get out of the box and can do right away, not to mention other small issues which I'll summarize in the Pros/Cons section below.Pros:- Mud Physics which do take some challenge to get out of (and not much to get into). The whole aspect when your ""tarmac"" road becomes a muddy road, then becomes a river or small pond that just happened to look like a huge puddle is one of those neat things I just LOVE about this game! It sort of makes you plan accordingly and find ways around places that might be unnavigable.-A wide selection of addons to vehicles, be it a toolkit (trunk) you can place on top of the A-469 to help repair some vehicles to a crane arm to lift and place logs onto trucks for most of the vehicle. Some even have attachments custom made for them, such as the D-7310's Utility attachments which make it into one awesome looking tow truck. Sometimes these are addons that help complete certain tasks, like unlocking garages, or transporting logs. Sometimes they change the behavior of the vehicle or even the look a little. Other times, can be used as things to support other vehicles, be it to refuel them, or to repair them or both.-Other vehicles can be used to help get those stuck in a tough situation out.-Various choices made, from tires to route, vehicle choice to even driving style can affect fuel burn. and even traction Also an added load or add on can weigh a vehicle down enough to make driving around very difficult (think the C-255 hauling a garage attachment and a garage cart in areas that are heavily muddy.)-Not as demanding on many machines, but still looks quite acceptable graphically! Part of the reason from my understanding is that the ""Active"" world as we know it in the game exists in a world that is largely only 10m in radius or a player. This does reduce the amount of calcuations the computer needs to do, but it also does constrain the range of the winch too, which can become a frustration.-Mod Support. Yeah, the game can be modded, you can change out various vehicles, and I think maps can be added (I haven't added any yet).  We now have the workshop that adds vehicles, but we're still missing ability to have map mods on it!Cons:-That damn camera. It isn't very easy to work with, and sometimes puts itself in a position where one can't see where their going. I'm not sure if it ever occured to Pavel that sometimes a view off a little to the left is a little useless when that side is completely obscured by trees or bushes. Thankfully, a fix is in the works. The choices of cameras are a little limited too, with a in truck view rejected since it seemed to induce nausea in their testers when it was tested. For the time behing, there is a camear that is mounted on the top of the truck's cab though, and for the time being, it gets some of the job that the normal camera can't do fixed up. Of anything, it's really the most broken thing about the game!-Damage has some issues of being rather inconsistent. Take water damage for instance, sometimes getting some water up to your wheel arches does 35 damage, while being completely submerged might barely damage you! There are other wierd things. Also it doesn't seem to affect your vehicle's ability to get around until the last 20% or less of the damage bar, when you'll notice it just can't output the same amount of power and find itself stalling a little more. It also corresponds on how the visual damage model only lasts for that session. Reset and you'll see the truck still has the damage, but won't have much of hte visual deformation it may have had from a nasty meeting with a tree, or a botched attempt to turn it over with another truck.-Diff Lock damage. Also, in a attempt to make it less Sim-ish and more ""Game-ish"" Oovee had forced the developer to add in Differential Lock damage in a very unrealistic way, which means keeping your diff lock on in Hardcore mode will cause your truck to stop violently and add a random amount of damage. In my opinion, there are other penalties already in place for keeping the Diff Lock on (like fuel burn), especially as it's already restricted  for use on Reverse, First and High First gears! Of course, Causal mode lets the user have it on whenever with no penalty to their truck in terms of damage.- Multiplayer. While overall, the base funcationality of multiplayerworks, it seems there are a lot of problems as of now. Mod your game? Then you need to follow some ritual to make MP work again. Want to get everything done? Gotta do it on one sitting and PRAY that no one has any connection issues, else it completely resets that player, and totally resets for everyone if the host's connection craps out (no MP saves yet). Hopefully that should be fixed in a future update.-Updates. For some reason, it takes Oovee a while to get updates. As of this writing (August 8, 2015), I think Oovee had finally noticed and let people know they notice it. Something they apparently can't tell us is preventing a release, hopefully we'll get it soon enough. I can't wait to drive around in a Zi... *ahem* C-131. Next to the camera issue, the wait for an update is really the most frustrating aspect of the game.-Trucks could use more attachment points to help set them back on all fours (or sixes, or eights, or whatever). As it is now, you have to do a lot of guesswork and hope you get lucky when getting a truck back to an upright position.Overall, Spintires is one of the games I myself enjoy a lot. But there are many issues that need to be adressed. Hearing that the game is continuously worked on is promising, but of course, the slow pace of updates from the Publisher (and the secret nature of why, which definetly doesn't help them), and the current Limitations with what can be done with the game thus far as an end user, plus the various issues above make me feel that the current full price is a little too much to ask for, but once in a more advance state I can realistically seeing that as the price. If camera fixed, and Mod Support added, this can easily make the game that much better, with the other issues being small things that can be worked on over time. For a game that has been developed largely by a single person, this has been overall pretty well done. Even though the Cons I listed feel much larger, the Pros of the game from my perspective as an end user largely outweigh them! I personally want to thank Oovee and Pavel for making a game I would have dreamt about come true, but I do hope they continue to improve upon this until it feels a little more complete. As it is now, it feels a little more than a very well developed Alpha with a high price tag, but with a little more here and there, it can easily start commanding that $30 price tag!~EDIT: Apart from rewritin the mod support section, I also have changed my recommendation to Not Recommended. While I am a HUGE fan of the game, it has been recently found there have been parts of the code that cause the game to break after 300s of gameplay. Whether this was intentional or not for paying customers, it now makes the game unplayable. In its current state (2/27/2016), I say pass."
,Recommended,263280,13226131,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Jaysonia,"Great multiplayer, The game play is fun and entertaining. Game needs some issues fixed such as the camera which is terrible."
76561198159592455,Recommended,263280,32853662,Posted: 27 June,all,BlackAnubis7,"Ah crap, I am stuck again!No tutorial tells you how to get out of deep sand, but getting stuck wakes up creativity. Good luck!---Only for patient people---"
76561198277466395,Recommended,263280,23520244,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,CrispyEyedHobo4,"I love tis game.If you like cars and trucks and mud,try it outmand you will have a blast with it.The price my look a little high but i think its just right if you throw in a few workshop mods.Get this gme and you will NOT regret it!"
76561198057601324,Recommended,263280,13122903,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,VonWolfenstein,"This game is strangely fun...Definitely recommend for $20 or lessIf you've ever seen that South Park where Randy is playing the game ""Heroin Hero"", you will know exactly why this game is awesome.This game has some pretty great patches realeased for it from time to time. Overall, the game has gotten significantly better since I originally pruchased it.Be sure to follow this game and pick it up on the next sale."
,Not Recommended,263280,29785191,Posted: 8 February,all,{W`C} Sir Spanky,"Very Good Game.  You deliver logs from areas of the map that are being clear cut to lumber yards using old era Russian heavy trucks in muddy terrain.  There is a bit of fog of war that can be cleared which allows you to get a view of the entire map.  Once you complete a level its back to square 1.  Does need more maps, more content.  It has MP and a WorkShop Community but not worth the $30.  Buy it on Sale if you want it or in a Humble Bundle.There maybe some support but noone knows if Oovee is working on it or not."
,Recommended,263280,32678440,Posted: 23 June,all,soothe,+ nice graphic+ nice gameplay+ nice atmosphere+ off road fan will love it+ all thing can happen in game+ play with friend for more fun+ nice game physic- no wheather change- sometime it stuck and hard to play in just one map- no more update from dev? WHY???
76561197989390233,Recommended,263280,31785937,Posted: 16 May,all,Rumor,"Definitely the best offroad driving simulator.  Amazing landscapes and physics makes it fun to play and explore.  The challenges are well balanced and the community has made incredible mods that are very entertaining and interesting.  I really like the calmness of the gameplay and cooperative nature of multiplayer.  It is clever to have balanced limitations, so each player can contribute to the goals.  Learn to use the crane, it is fun to control and can get you out of trouble."
,Recommended,263280,21580507,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,TehBastage,"So at the time I originally posted this review, it had been because of issues with the game's source code that rendered it unplayable.  According to some people, this was a result of a dispute between the game's developer and its publisher, while the dev claimed it was tied into an anti-piracy system he'd implemented.  So if anyone who commented or anything wanted a reason for me switching it from not recommended to recommended, there you go.Whichever of those was true, that issue's been patched.  Instead, I can now say that Spintires is a genuinely fun game, particularly if you've got other people playing it with you.  There isn't really anything else like this out there, that I've seen, and I genuinely can't recommend it enough now that it's back up and running."
,Recommended,263280,11905257,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Almost Useless Penguin,The thing about this game is the physics is so good. Name 10 other games where you drive something into a tree and the tree breaks and not the engine. It's hards. WIth physics like this you don't want to finish a level you want to fail in the funniest way you can. Better then euro truck simulator I have far more fun with this.Amazing
,Recommended,263280,10490291,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,TrinityJayOne,"Do you know what a locker is? Does the term 'UAZ' mean anything to you? Did you try recent 'off-road' 'sims' such as Off-Road Drive, then sigh and go back to Screamer 4x4? If you answered yes to the above then this game is for you!The terrain deformation that put this game on everyone's radar a few years back is still present, and the world doesn't just reset after you leave the area or even reload the game! Repeatedly take the same route through a soft paddock and you'll soon be fetching a support vehicle or left scratching your head whilst staring at an overturned log truck. It's challenging alright, even on the 'casual' setting, but it's also a lot of fun and very rewarding when you get things right.The visuals are incredible considering the relatively low specs required - with max settings I'm getting 60FPS @ 1920x1200 on a 3.6GHz i5, GTX460 and 4GB RAM. The lighting is stunning and it actually gets properly dark at night, which is all too rare in games.Like most games though it is far from perfect--The camera is great...until you try to move it. It feels like it was designed by Satan himself and is easily the worst part of the game-Controller support needs work. Can't configure buttons and you need to keep KB&M handy for important things like map navigation and using truck mechanisms (eg- winches). The use of analog triggers is also poorly implemented and trucks jump to about 50% throttle at the slightest press.-There is only autosaving and it only saves when you go to the main menu or quit. This means if the game crashes you can lose hours of progress, and you also can't have multiple simultaneous games going.-At time of writing, no mod supportIf you can see your way past the above then you could have a lot of fun with this game. Definitely worth the $30."
76561197995298784,Recommended,263280,11250789,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,up4gaming,"Got this game today after watching countless videos on both steam and youtube. Yes I know its WIP, work in progress, but I felt that its a little hard for all but the most avid sim fan to get into. I am no stranger to simulations and I expect them to be hard to learn and harder to master, after all, thats what a sim is all about but this game is proving somewhat harder than most. Yes WIP and yes it has some teething probs but if I were a complete novice at this type of game I would be somewhat frustrated... I feel that the ground is somewhat over modelled and results in vehicles sinking into the road before you've even gone barelet 100 yards. The rocks too.... I got stuck on a rock bareley one quarter of the size of the trucks wheels.I love the whole idea of this game and again appeciare that this game is still being developed but I would like to have seen some kind of entry level for newbees to encourage them to play this type of game......"
,Recommended,263280,10511762,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,The BHam,spun my tire in the mud for hours. 10/10
,Recommended,263280,16362590,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,1mbd,This game is very fun. Has gotten better throughout the updates.
76561198064781560,Recommended,263280,16309975,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Magpie,Great Mud.I Love Mud xxx
,Recommended,263280,23995997,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,JPx187,"Beautiful, entertaining (especially with mods), straight forward, and can run at max settings on just about any pc. This physics-based offroad game is the only one of it's kind and I'm so glad they did so well with it. There were some hold ups earlier in production, but they're trucking along just fine now ;)"
76561198161184300,Recommended,263280,18706832,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,nicholasbedore,"If you like 4x4 and meticulous traversing of insane terrain this is a must. It is unique and slow paced but I think it is the best mud phsyics of any game I have played. I got it onsale at $14.99 and do not regret it. It does get a little boring as there is limited ""missions"" but I have seen a lot of mods online (though I have yet to try any, they do look fun to try all the new vehicles). Still, it is fun in increments when I need my 4x4 fix! Currently invested about 16 hours into the game. So at less than $1 an hour for entertainement it was a deal!"
76561198149404769,Recommended,263280,18721381,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,anthonydwyer02,Just plain awsome. The mods are great and the normal trucks are ok. But the attenion to detail never stops short recomend to everyone. But if like off roading buy this game its worth the 30 dollars
,Recommended,263280,16344313,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Rigafan,Do you like the idea of a Simulator that lets you drive old Russian/Soviet trucks through thick woodland covered with very muddy tracks? Collecting wood and then repeating it all over again? Also getting stuck in said mud? If so buy this game!
,Recommended,263280,10508678,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,AngryDragon,"One of my favourite games so far, and certainly easily one of the best off-roading games I have ever played. It's just so zen, with similar vibes to minecraft or garry's mod hours of time just being soaked up having complacent fun.."
76561198155270167,Recommended,263280,24475111,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,|XG| Classic 1969,"I got a mod with a little front wheel drive russian car, the car has vodka. The vodka gives 200K+ garage points. This game is amazing."
76561198026730446,Recommended,263280,10476739,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,[10-AW] Stealth Hazard,"Truly  a must have for anyone who has ever been a fan of going off the beaten path in a videogame. A fantastic singleplayer experience and an even better multiplayer experience. If this is any indication of things to expect from Ovee studios, and other next gen techs, I am very excited for the future. Simply wonderful."
76561198160056886,Recommended,263280,18829968,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,marvin250,Great game needs more maps
,Recommended,263280,15690640,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Eye,Best physik sim so far.
,Recommended,263280,13000585,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Setter,Spun Tires.10/10 would spin again.
76561198049989842,Recommended,263280,14899317,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,tyrswrath,"First off a warning for those expecting an elaborate goal-oriented experience: There is only 1 task in the game - Hauling lumber from 1 point to another point. Some of the maps offer even 2 delivery points for lumber and 1 or more pickup points. So to keep being entertained for a longer while you need to be able to set yourself some goals as well, like getting the Steam Achievements.Now that the warning is out of the way for people that need goals, let's go into the game itself.Pros:+ Off roading with big and heavy machines!+ Vehicle configuration options while at garages+ Can also load up from alternative lumber points using a crane+ Hours of fun completing several different maps each with their own difficulties+ More hours of fun completing the achievements+ Even more hours of fun doing all of the above in Multiplayer+ Pretty ok physics on different types of terrain+ Running over (small) trees+ Disturb nature with your horn!+ Build custom bridges with lumber using the crane!+ Contrary to some older forum discussions, this game is actually supported by a development team and is being updated from time to time.Cons:- Sometimes it can get frustrating being bogged down in places where you'd not expect it because of terrain surface (after a while of playing you will start reckognise hard vs soggy surfaces).- Some of the C-type trucks become nearly uncontrollable with medium size logs. They just sink away unevenly a lot and capsize easily.- The amount of maps when you start out is ok, but more would be welcome. Or even perhaps a map editing tool would be a nice addition to the game so people can make custom mapsAll in all I would recommend this game to people with an interest in Simulation of off roading with heavy machinery."
,Recommended,263280,14082001,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Super Sharpy 64,"A beautifully made survival horror that has you guide sentient trucks across a dystopian wasteland to deliver lumber, for some reason that is never explained, for ever and ever without praise or reward."
76561198016292979,Recommended,263280,33474270,Posted: 12 July,all,Krilldor,"10 hours in this game is awesome. What's better than mucking about in the mud? This is a simple objective, hard to complete, physics based, muddy, heavy truck driving game.This is a pretty basic, straightforward game, but I think it's well done.Basically what this game does is drop you in a partially revealed map with only 2 of the 5-7 vehicles in the map. To finish the map all you have to do is to get 8 points of logs to every (1 or 2) lumberyard. Easy right? No! This game is everything but easy or just a drive around.Usually you have to navigate around the map without getting stuck in the mud or flipping your vehicle or your load. The mud is really deep and heavy and your load is even heavier. Most of the time you need to reach other vehicles in the map, get another garage operational, refuel, repair, reconfigure, load up and trudge all the way back to the lumberyard with tons of timber pushing you down the sludge.At some point you a bound to get stuck in more or less severe measures. You can attach your winch to the surrounding trees to pull you forwards or backwards or get another vehicle to pull the stuck one. Water is also plenty available and you have to be careful not to flood, tip, or lose your vehicle.I recommend this game because it's well done, it's challenging and it looks great. As a small change of pace this game also let's you load your own logs using a crane. This is also pretty well done. The controls and"
76561198051437745,Not Recommended,263280,33587761,Posted: 16 July,all,Joker619,"Honestly this game is awesome with the physics and graphics, you have sooo much potential to create the ultimate off-road open world game and it is absolutely crazy why this game has been sooo neglected!!The 1 and ONLY reason i do not recommend this game is that DEV's are shocking at putting effort into responding to people, updating, fixing little bugs and improving the general game with more DLC.I loved this game when i got it, but now it is just plain boring, the same thing over and over and over again, get wood and drop it off, there isn't any update as to different vehicles it's all reliable on the Steam Community to produce this side which is really poor effort on the DEV's behalf!!Now I think i'll just uninstall it as there is no point playing a game that is just repetitive."
,Recommended,263280,20554182,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,~{RWMT}~»RiskyWisky« #OneWin,Well 200 hours of work into making maps amd 500 in game time so YA this is a good game with how nice the modding community is and just everything is ALMOST PERFECT. But i love the game.
,Recommended,263280,10478757,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,CsGoNoob,Very awesome game! Been waiting for this game for so god damn long now I can see why!
76561197969244998,Recommended,263280,13525592,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,bussche,"I thought this game would be stupid, but it's actually really fun."
,Recommended,263280,11191640,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,MTBRGEEK,Great offroading simulator. Vehicles need side points for winching. Would be nice to be able to adjust tire pressures. Controller mapping for the xbox controller MUST include winch button. I mean come on! My Jeep has a wireless remote for the winch!
76561198207921167,Recommended,263280,18740038,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,THE driver,Spintires is an exciting game.  It is exciting becuase riding through the dirt road is both fun and challanging. There is the ability to select from a range of cars. There are all types of cars and models. Some make nice noise while some look fancy. There are others that are good at cutting through the mud to ensure we get to the destination safely and unhurt. The lovely sound of birds chirping in the background gives the game a real touch. There are drivers in the car in the new update. Even the lights make a fascinating sound when you turn them on. I like dirving adjacent to the ocean too. Thank You.
76561198084947043,Recommended,263280,18741440,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Mikey-D,Spintired is a decent game that performs well in most areas but slightly lacks in others. A few problems I see with it are that the missions and objectives do get a bit repetitive and can take a very long while to complete. Also in my opinion with the graphics turned all the way up the game still lacked in image quality. Apart from those things this is a good game and wpuld recommend this to any serious gamer.
76561197962732555,Recommended,263280,18810486,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,The_6th_Courier,"Finally; a four wheeling sim that nails the subtle nuancies of terrain difficulties. Add behind that the logistics of equipment and logging delivery, and you find a reason to master the various equipment. If you only want to splash around in your favorite ""jacked up truck on 44' swampers"" I recommend going straight to mods which looks straight forward and easy to do. 30 dollars may sound like a steep price but is well worth the investment when the game is this challenging, rewarding, and realistic."
,Recommended,263280,28303927,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Diddle Schnitz,"Fantastic offroad simulator with top notch mud physics!However, I'd buy it on sale and not for 30 bananas!8/10"
,Recommended,263280,13021450,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,-PU- Kracken -,"I really enjoy this game it brings a challenge to the trucking world as you struggle through the mud, putting your truck upright and looks like it would be great coop sadly havent tried it yet"
76561198021145083,Recommended,263280,13088348,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,paddyb.com,"Great game!The physics with the mud is brilliant!Challenging but always fun, definitely recommend! :D"
,Recommended,263280,13109552,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kiwi Mantis,Absolutely worth the 'unique' experience especially if you have other friends to play with. The fear of getting stuck on your way to an objective or during a haul makes it a hell of a lot more enjoyable than your typical driving simulator.And the mud! OMG I could eat this mud. XD
,Recommended,263280,13073541,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Danny,"Pros:fun off roader if you like mud and modding your own trucks into the gamecons:Devolopers realeased a broken game and don't plan on fixing it anytime soon, so hardware optimazition of a potato... bugs they they claimed to have fixed are still there and their promised fixes from the beta have yet to be seen. take it as you will, but the game is still fun"
76561198027551211,Recommended,263280,13108957,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Dakili,"A unique game it's in genre.Offers unique 4x4 (6x6 and 8x8) offroad simulation with great gameplay. Offers challenging maps and environment and allows play with online with 3 other people (Why not your friends?) Graphics are amazingly done and the newly emplemented Wheel Support is amazing and allow for even more realistic gameplay. The goal is simple but hard enough to make it challenging even with a full team. Cooperation is something useful and really does help.There is currently 5 maps which all offer different difficulty. After a while you might get tired of these. Hopefully Devs will implement more in time. 7  Trucks in game all with their up and downs. More truck incoming from what we've heard. No ""cockpit"" view implemented yet.Really great game if you're into these kinds of things. Recommend to everyone"
,Recommended,263280,20389939,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,wvbigdave,"Ok, at first I didn't think this was going to be a very good game. But after loading and then realizing that the game has objectives and they are not easy I like it. There are a lot of workshop items for this game as well to make replayability a non issue."
76561198025535718,Recommended,263280,34772927,Posted: 6 September,all,Rendrin,"May of not been a completed game but still had tons of fun on it regardless, looking forward to what mudrunner has to bring"
76561197972447069,Recommended,263280,10510848,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Nobunagas Quest,This game is Great. Get it.
76561197987607170,Recommended,263280,15254072,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,rubicon_in_ga,"Absolutely love this game.  Very realistic!  The trucks behave differently depending on if they are loaded (high center of gravity) or unloaded (low cog) or pulling another vehicle.  The swaying of the trucks over rough terrain, the way mud will bog down the truck to the point that you'll get completely stuck, and when you're sitting in one spot, if it's soft ground, your truck will actually sink into the mud sometimes!  I love using the crane for different things, such as assisting rolling over trucks, or grabbing trees to help pull myself along.  Kinda slow paced, but a very awesome simulator!"
,Not Recommended,263280,34814072,Posted: 8 September,all,Kaz (Select Input),"While Spintires is a fascinating and unique offroading game, I can no longer recommend purchasing this version. The game is about to be re-released as ""Spintires: MudRunner"" under a new publisher with a better track record. I was an early adopter and this game still holds a special place in my heart, but Oovee's mishandling of the title and lack of transparency have been a disappointment. The game has a really cool community and there are some great mods, so if you already own the game or manage to find a dramatically discounted copy it's worth playing, but going forward I would strongly caution against purchasing this version."
,Not Recommended,263280,34839012,Posted: 9 September,all,Wakka Wakka,"Basically, the devs ditched this game while its still in development and are launching the same game under a slightly different name to make people buy it a second time.It's a scam to greedily rake in more money, pure and simple.That being said, the game itself is fun for a little while, but it gets very repetitive, very quickly and it becomes clear quickly that its unfinished.If you truly want a game like this, give the 'new' game a look, but remember that you're dealing with devs that have no qualms about pulling the plug on a game halfway through and make you pay again for stuff they promised you would be getting."
76561197984072500,Recommended,263280,34808842,Posted: 7 September,all,Goose,"TL;DR I recommend but WAIT for Spintires: Mudrunner, current version will soon be unsupported.Spintires quick REVIEWI quite enjoy the in-depth terrain simulation, vehicle handling, and taking in the atmospheric environments as I carefully and patiently trek through those muddy trails, even tho it lacks a little variety from the main goal of hauling logs.I wanna hold off on a proper recommendation until Mudrunner is released as this version will soon be outdated and abandoned due to the unfortunately messy and honestly disgusting publishing history from Oovee. Scumbags straight up stole money that was meant to support the development of the game and then left it for dead. Those who are upset that the new release isn't offered as a free content update should be reminded we’re lucky Spintires is getting this second chance, the support it should have received. Focus Home Interactive are a reliable and proven publisher that’s breathing new life back into a dusty gem."
76561198042299272,Not Recommended,263280,34810886,Posted: 8 September,all,Switch,"I'm just here to try and push that ""Mostly positive"" to an ""Avoid this like the ♥♥♥♥ing plague"". Do not buy this game. In fact, don't buy anything published by Oovee. They might as well be a money-laundering scheme for all they've done for this game and it's developer."
76561198160347030,Recommended,263280,34848991,Posted: 9 September,all,Das12334,Fun to play with mods with our it is kinda fun but not really
,Recommended,263280,32958311,Posted: 28 June,all,⭕Live 4 L V™,"Awesome mud texture, very realistics phisics and a lot of very easy downloadable mods from workshop. But more updates would be great... 1 update a year! Really?"
,Recommended,263280,19611556,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,The Knight of The Abyss,"I cant wait for spintires mudrunner to come out, the negative reviews here are about as stupid as a barrel of monkeys, the people writing the reviews have no clue what happened with pavel and oovee, oovee kept with holding money from pavel and his team which lead to alot of arguing between the publisher and pavel. Eventually pavel and his team took there game and left this publisher for good, hence the reason we now have Spintires Mudrunner coming. You people need to quit bashing pavel and start bashing the publishers, if the publishers werent a bunch of crooks and just paid pavel and his team, then we probably would have updates and a better game, instead of them making a new one."
76561197972367908,Recommended,263280,12943523,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Erin,"The UI and controls are sometimes wanting and frustrating, esp for operating the winches and cranes, but once you're over the hump it's totally addictive.  Hoping to play the multiplayer sometime, just because of how obviously good it's been to run pairs of trucks for winching each other out of messes."
76561198081136763,Not Recommended,263280,34960978,Posted: 14 September,all,HandsFreeFap,abandoned
,Not Recommended,263280,12681406,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,KJ,"IMPORTANT: This game has been completely abandoned and is highly unlikely to recieve another another update ever again. I recommend you to not purchase this game, and stay away from any future games that the publisher, OVEEE brings out."
,Not Recommended,263280,34476374,Posted: 25 August,all,LSD,"Played the game as a tech demo a long time ago, found it fascinating. Played for a while with some buddies and we got a little bored, decided to wait for promised content like multiplayer saving and winch fixes, none of it ever happened. The game then went through development hell and last I heard they had sorted the issue with the developers and were trying to roll out some more updates. I then load up Steam and see they're selling what looks very much like an identical game (Spintires : MudRunner)?Do not give these developers any of your money until they can get their story straight and decide what the hell they're actually doing with this game.The game itself, on the rare chance that it actually worked, was fun. The offroading mechanics are genuinely unique and revolutionary and there is the occasional stunning visual. But with the developers dropping the game when it has so little content to move on to a new project - especially after promising so much in return for the communities considerable investment - is just insulting. I feel truly sorry for anyone who backed these jokers on Kickstarter because all they've done is mess us about since the tech demo."
,Recommended,263280,22504746,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,PMK,"Pretty good, stable game! I play it still now and then and there's always something new.Ive had this game for a while and the camera is way better now."
76561198058895409,Recommended,263280,22355580,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Casual Hunter,Development is as slow as the games pace but what's here now works well.
76561198272880267,Recommended,263280,22469245,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Boss-Gamer015953,Very good game if ur looking for a realistic mudding game/simulator
,Not Recommended,263280,35214365,Posted: 25 September,all,KillerWaffl,some updates would be nice.....
76561197968434009,Recommended,263280,18580650,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,cypherb,"Wow! I'm blown away by the physics and realistic scenarios encountered!  Game play is awesome, ailbiet tire traction seem a little more overdone than in the real world.  Perhaps it's done to help keep you truck'n!  At any rate this game is so much fun crawlen through the muddy boga with old sku four bys."
,Recommended,263280,35319511,Posted: 29 September,all,FireStorm,"drive though mud get very very satisfied at mud realisim, do it agian"
76561197962303096,Recommended,263280,11265480,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Stoli,Awosome game. alot of verry technical terrain to tackle in some cool trucks. i only wish more people played through a full game.... seams you just start a hardcore game and every1 leaves.only a cuple things i would add to the game dynamics but all in all a great game.
76561198026195360,Recommended,263280,10972036,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,BB,"Getting stuck in mud, trying to transport logs through mud-infested roads are strangely addictive. Great physics, graphics and control makes it worse. If we can get better camera control, this will be the worst addictive game :P"
76561198066347951,Not Recommended,263280,34685231,Posted: 2 September,all,bacon4life,"Spintire: mudrunner is soon out  for the same price so just wait and buy the new one.Oovee ♥♥♥♥ed this one and pavel leaved them for Focus home.I know mudrunner is  better because there are new options for it (mp saves, tools for modding...).Original one is officially dead and still has no official map creator for modding.So its always the same map, ofc you can dl maps with the leaked creator.So if you don't know spintires buy mudrunner instead, or buy it on a third party seller for 3€."
,Recommended,263280,19126025,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Child of Carnage,"Fantastic off road simulation. Gorgeous wilderness, impressive mud physics, and the vehicles have a great sense of mass and power with the way they handle. It's one of those games where there are goals, but the game doesn't hold your hand or guide you. It's up to you to set objectives, choose your paths and get it done. It can be frustrating considering the pace you have to take in order to avoid mishaps, but it's worth a look if you want to drive huge Soviet-era trucks through Crytech-rendered forests."
76561198133934913,Recommended,263280,19153420,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,wilsonj7772,I give this game a 11/10. This game shocked me of how smooth it runs and the physics of it. Amazing garphics and most important the gameplay. Most of my games example Euro truck sim are cool but the gameplay is horrable. Just the feeling of it in this game it feels like you are driving and the SOUNDS. wow the sounds one of my fav. it is awsome the quallity of this game they put alot of effort into that.Pros-sound-gameplay-graphics-muiltiplayer-co-op-mods-Day/night cycle-etc.Cons-Needs a workshop for mods-Needs a cockpit camera-Im one of the few first person interier gamers so that will be awsome.-Needs a better of nothing more.Love this game dont stop working on it devs thanks:)
76561198356305528,Recommended,263280,32905543,Posted: 27 June,all,washburn,i personally love this game
,Recommended,263280,32916469,Posted: 27 June,all,Artyom Havok,The best video gaming has to offer
76561197998051565,Recommended,263280,32623275,Posted: 21 June,all,Dickbong,It is a hard and rewarding game if trucks and winching is your thing. Great simulater for what it is inspired by. Worth it on sale for sure.
,Recommended,263280,32642623,Posted: 22 June,all,Shrimas,"Realistic envoirment, mud, tyre phisics, very finley developed game!"
,Recommended,263280,10895603,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,-GABBAS-,"This is the Mud version of Ice Road Truckers. I was stuck in the virtual mud for 4 hours, and loved it.. 10/10."
76561198103532430,Recommended,263280,13159831,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Creep2kill,very good! and so much fun with Friends
76561198093602667,Recommended,263280,13516260,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,GreyDog58,"Here in the world of Vietnam, I mean Spintires. It's either diff lock and winch.... Or hell. 10/10"
76561198093898219,Recommended,263280,24000899,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,1G,"The best offroading game I have ever played.Graphics are beautiful, physics is 10/10 (at high speeds on pavement it is completely ♥♥♥♥ed which leads to some hilarity), supported by Workshop, people actually play online.The problem? As it stands, the game (log kiosks/lumber loading specifically) is broken with no working fix (at least for me), and the dev(s) seem(s) to be on a self-destructive path with the publisher, so I don't see any official update coming soon.Despite being broken, I have to recommend because this game has HUGE potential, and I think it will be fixed eventually.Buy on sale if you want to have fun with truck mods (map mods are also broken except for a few), wait for a fix to buy it if you want a full working version in which you can actually complete sessions.Edit: I found a fix for the log kiosks not working, it was one of my mods. 100% recommended (on sale)"
,Recommended,263280,29056931,Posted: 6 January,all,[LWU] Buzz,"I really like Spintires. Especially the mods. Mods, I realised you're all probably stinking rich and on holiudays somewhere nice but please hire a team of up and coming devs to do some more work to this game. Be nice to be able to just out of the cars and walk around perhaps? Be great to go on a 4x4 expedition with my friends and then stop somewhere get out and have a beer or two haha. DayZ kinda. It would be the best game if you added this easy to program to the game feature."
76561198168700976,Recommended,263280,20182244,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,paganred,"I really enjoy this,I live on the west coast of B.C.Canada.Here logging is the main business,This was right up my tree (Har Har).I would like to see a winter map for multi-player,Have you ever heard of a Pacific Logging truck.Built to haul 300ton,Sadly though they're not made any more.Keep up the good work,Me like much."
76561198172611754,Recommended,263280,13987934,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Titaniummallard,"This game is awsome. I like the way the ground deforms to the tires. The best gameplay is in multiplayer. However, there needs to be microphone chat incorporated."
,Recommended,263280,12825542,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Mythunga,I do a lot of offroading in real life so I can tell you this game can be just as fun but also as frustating as the real thing. Would definitely recommend this game to people.
76561198028961407,Recommended,263280,12854592,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,jjvimont,DOPE
,Recommended,263280,10470548,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Gixxer Jax,"This is a fun game, I dont really do any real life offroading so I came to this game with no real knowledge thus getting bogged a lot and ♥♥♥♥ing everyone elses experience up as they have to come back and rescue me :D but hey thats all part of the fun.Getting much used to it now, I see a lot of people complaining about the camera view, its not really that bad at all, I think its fine. Couple things could go with a touch up but overall I think this is a pretty fun game especially when you work with others and help each other out when you get stuck :)Visuals are good too!Handling feels nice too!"
,Recommended,263280,10471307,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,ihatemondays,"Spintires is extreme off-road trucking/exploring. That's like the only way I can put it, not worth $30 but it's fun to say the least.The whole concept of beating mother nature then have her bite right back at you is a cool feeling you get.I heard this game supports different vehicle mods but I haven't seen any yet, definitely going to have to try out the lambo mod I heard about ^.^;﻿"
76561198018910266,Recommended,263280,25887012,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Spirit of Madness,"I had alot of fun in this game, I flipped one of my trucks on its side, squished alot of mushrooms, knocked down alot of small trees and drowned all my other cars in the mud."
76561198276733168,Recommended,263280,26113400,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,EvoGR,Its a awesome game but must be more maps. But must put more maps
,Recommended,263280,11650106,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Mio,Good
76561198013001990,Recommended,263280,13516405,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[OSF]-ThelastSpecter,Great game ... awsome if you like a challange
76561198113116891,Recommended,263280,13594643,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Bank_Heist (FSE),I think its pretty cool! you can almost smell the mud! definitely worth buying in my opinion even if they don't do another thing with it. I am reading that's not the case though. some say it's just riding out in the mud but you have to think about many situations you get into.  getting hung up in the mud is part of what's it's about. I would recommend it if you like it out in the rough lol.
,Recommended,263280,13137597,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Storrison,This game is fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nough said.
76561197992648456,Recommended,263280,12675297,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,locOtte,"Even though the game needs more content I'm still able to waste lots of hour on the achievement part only. Which actually works really well and is a great challenge! There's no steep learning curve even though the first help screen looks like a lot, it really isnt!The graphics are nice, and the game mechanic engine is really something, noncomparable with other simulators in the genre.I would definitely play it again :)"
,Recommended,263280,10726267,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MLGew,"The best game i have ever played, incredibly difficult and requires some driving knowledge"
76561198076739803,Recommended,263280,10925813,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,efreet95,Backed up 2 inches. Flipped over. 10/10
76561198009065326,Recommended,263280,15621374,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Dragoncald,"Really enjoyable game, even more enjoyable with friends in multiplayer. Keep the updates up guys, your doing a great job."
76561198014969299,Recommended,263280,17684961,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,skoms,"Pros:- Fun and different.- Multiplayer.- Great modding community. Lots of mods out there.Cons:- Awkard camera.- Awkard controls.- Developers seems to have ambandend the game. No updates in many months and very little info on whats going on.Is it worth the money:Yes, if you think you would like it, you wont be disappointed. The game is really fun, and extremly fun if you playing with a friend. Its also very challanging. Even if the development seems to have stopped, the game is supported by a good modding community. There is a lot of good free mods for this game, that will make it last longer and improve the experience.So if you have the cash and are interessted. I would recommend it."
,Recommended,263280,16013956,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,hkor,"I love this game.Driving around in large trucks, navigating mud and rocks. Finding paths through trees and foliage. I find this game very relaxing and therapeutic.Graphics are stunning, Maybe a little low res at times, but nothing noticeable.Sound design is amazing. The ambient sounds from the birds and the wind is fantastic. Not to mention the growl from the diesel engines.5/5!I would like to see more levels and trucks though! *wink*"
,Recommended,263280,10560621,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The Suspect,"If you are an ardent fan of sandbox, then you should play this game. Graphics, physics, the opportunity to play with a friend and dig in the dirt :3"
,Recommended,263280,10461706,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Maazi,"Great off-road simulator. Good single player and multiplayer features. Can't wait to see how it turns out after a few patches. Amazing promise with this titel and its well worth its money. Support these developers, they are definitly going places. :D"
,Not Recommended,263280,29369976,Posted: 19 January,all,B+,So where are these updates almost a year later? Developer has abandoned this game. Bought a well made demo of a game apparently.
76561197999111972,Recommended,263280,10785059,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,mastercloak,"Gr8 game 4 spinnin up a lil mud an gettin mud on ur tires. wish it had trucks from usa tho (cummins, powerstroke, def not duramaxx that♥♥♥♥♥♥is 4 ♥♥♥♥♥s)"
76561198167396992,Recommended,263280,13579503,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dombad_Popo,I acidently changed my cotrols and my escape bouton is now left so how do i change it?
76561198053101130,Recommended,263280,10496115,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,scrappy coco 0,"This game is awesome! I been playing with friends for hours and all I can say is that this game ROCKS. Its difficult, its hardcore and its all you can expect from and off road game. Dont expect things to be easy, if you lke challenges, then this is your game"
,Recommended,263280,30953658,Posted: 4 April,all,Rusty Shackleford,Great game for mudding and the mods are great
,Recommended,263280,13111701,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,pyramids,So realistic that I quit the job on the first day.
,Recommended,263280,23466350,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,kingpinn,"I've clocked over 1000 hours on Spintires and I'm not planning on slowing down anytime soon. I can either go for a leisurely drive in the woods or do some heavy lumber deliveries or hardcore trail runs, which ever I decide when I load Spintires I'm guaranteed to enjoy myself. The frustration of rolling the truck and losing the load really keeps you on your toes!The very best off-road game that exists at this moment in time, and I've done my searching.Here are a few reasons as to why I think this game is awesome:- Fully customisable trucks (via XML)- Challenging- Fun- big trucks- fantastic modding community with hundreds of custom trucks and maps- beautiful scenery- I don't do multiplayer in games at all as most of the time its toxic and full of a holes, however Spintires is the only one I will play MP due to it being a good laugh and lots of funThere are some minor issues with the slow speed of updates, but in reality there is nothing like this game anywhere else so I take the rough with the smooth.The workshop does have some joke trucks and stuff for a bit of a laugh and there are quite a few US style 4x4's that do take the game away from what it was originally supposed to be, which is great because custom gaming is the way forward. I however love the original premise of the the old style trucks.For maps and other mods - check stmods.ru (use Google Chrome to translate if you're not russian) - there is constantly maps, trucks and mods being uploaded there. Keeps this game alive,TL;DR 10/10 would recommend to everyone who wants to go off-roading."
76561197994190576,Recommended,263280,23156439,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Malefice,"It's all about the off road driving challange, and surprisingly adictive. Great game."
,Recommended,263280,31129976,Posted: 13 April,all,PabloTheSuperior,"Overall this is a great game. Fun in singleplayer, even better in multiplayer. But there is one issue with this game, FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING CAMERA. Still 10\10 though."
76561198350554329,Recommended,263280,33330376,Posted: 6 July,all,New Transport,I very fun game+++++++++++++ would recomend to anyone!
76561198049959256,Recommended,263280,13514931,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Fuzz-Grunge,It's like Top Gear travel special the game.
,Recommended,263280,13442600,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Snipeman170,"I completely recommend this game who likes to play trucking, offroading, and just fun games. Ive always wanted a game like this and finnally one came out and im more than pleased. This game doesnt ask for much for requierments. It is a very small group of people that made this, and they did a dang good job of doing it. The suspention and mud physics are amazing. I think it is cool that when you go in water, it makes waves. Anyway, If i could ask for 4 things in a future update, I would ask for, a Map Editor, a T-54 Soviet Tank, a way to save more than one game, and Workshop support. Other than that, this game is well worth the $30.00."
76561198053870246,Recommended,263280,13513304,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,patmysak,wish you could play co-op with randoms.... anyone want to play add me
,Recommended,263280,11711923,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,ShakeyWilson,great game i would reccomend
,Recommended,263280,12490237,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Master D 4,"Best driving simulator I've played.What this game does well is be realistic. The mud looks and acts perfectly. The game is challenging, and sometimes frustrating, but that is what makes it good because you have to actually think instead of just mindlessly driving around.My only complaint would be the camera angles can be a little annoying, but it's not a game breaker.Highly Recomment this game!"
,Recommended,263280,12489330,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Bacon Bachelor,"This is an awesome and inavative game with some of the best physics and graphics, the gameplay is nice and the the aim of the game.  Some of the new features such as the winch and the ability to move the parts on the trucks is 'awesome'!  Some things to improv on is the fact that when you download a mod for the game it automatically stops you from playing with friends. if you could make it so that the mods you install are for offline mod (single player) and then when you want to play with your friend (online) you are able to without it stopping you completly.  I therfore urge you to buy this game and play it with your hearts contentKind RegardsHEZZA_THE_GAMER"
76561198128265189,Recommended,263280,12651392,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,pinehurs,oh ya love this one so much my faveorite game please dont make it easer it rocks just the way it isa cockpit view would be nice
76561197998030081,Recommended,263280,12491799,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Roadkill Rooster,"It's a special kind of game that see's me rage quitting then back playing again just a few minutes later. I can't stay mad at this game because for all it's harshness, I appreciate it's difficultly. The environmets are beautifully rendered, and the vehicles are unlike any other driving games I've ever owned.The level I justed played saw me at one point with three out of four vehicles immobilsed; one underwater in a river, one on its roof after a winching mishap, and one up to it's windows in mud with a load of logs on. I had one old pickup truck left with nothing but some chains on it's back wheelsand a winch  to help it through this mud. It took me an hour but I got all those vehicles rescued, back on their wheels and repaired. One of the most satisfying hours of gaming I've experienced in a long time."
76561198015298710,Recommended,263280,12542362,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,io0000,"I was a bit sceptical at first, being an avid racing fan. Driving anything, I thought, it has to have some qualities.Now I'm hooked hauling logs. It is not easy and the learning curve is steep. I've rolled these beasts more than the number of loads delivered. The graphics are stunning and the sounds are spot on. It runs smooth, but has stopped abrubtly several times. Likely due to my intense situations. I have never written a review (and it shows) but Spintires is worthy of my first attempt to praise a great game. Good job you guys, thanks..."
,Recommended,263280,12562975,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Barrio505,"-A good offroad simulator, although the primary objectives are transportation from point A to B.-The physics applied to the tires is really something to behold. The variety of vehicles may be lacking for offroad enthusiasts, but there are mods to help fill that gap.-Mud building up on tires and flinging off is a very nice detailed touch that goes a long way in my book, as well as the sounds.-There is a problem with vehicle mods though, most (if not all) those vehicle mods replace current vehicles and also disable the achievements and multiplayer.-Relaxing and enjoyable is how I would say this game plays out, always fun to divert from objectives and just explore and push you and your vehicle's skills to the limit.-The price may seem a bit much for a game like this, but if you are looking for a good simulator for offroading I say this is as close as it has gotten so far  (as far as I know, not a heavy fan of car/racing/etc games) Best to wait for it to go on sale if you are a bit iffy on this one. But for me, being not so much into this genre (except the simulators part) I decided to go all in with no regrets. There is always multiplayer which makes things fun, just explore with friends like you do/would want to do with your friends in real life, or play out the objectives.A lot of people have been complaining about the developer and how slow the updates have been, and I would have to say they are just being too harsh and showing how entitled a lot of this generation feels (get over it). People should know by now that early access games are a gamble for buyers, I mean come on, if you didn't know that then you have no business to complain after you made the purchase. So if you are reading this and you don't have much experience with Early Access games(which I would find odd) then know that you should watch some videos and do some research before you buy, and of course read the reviews with your own tastes in mind.-Now there are a couple of set backs with this game at the moment, which I am sure will be fixed, like the camera view. You don't have full control of the camera, which can be a bit annoying, but as far as I know that is the main set back besides the modding not being fully integrated really (steam workshops would be nice).-Of course these things may or may not be fixed, but in the end I believe this game is a good buy, I enjoy it."
76561198144552634,Recommended,263280,12674867,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Angry Beard,awkwardly frustratingly addictive mud churning funMultiplayer lobbies a bit cranky though...
76561198120268088,Recommended,263280,12677318,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,The Opposite Gamer,"If u LOVE offroading, BUY THIS GAME."
76561197983327533,Recommended,263280,12672393,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Kevlar,"It just doesn't seem like it would be a lot of fun. But it is! A stupid amount of fun. Thirty hours out of a game is pretty good, and I still go back now and then!"
76561198068548663,Recommended,263280,12602130,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,LoxTrax,"I can honestly say that I was positively surprised by this game.My expectancy was that it would be boring, but im all for trying new games when I get bored of my old ones, so bought it anyways.IT IS AWESOME.There might be some issues sometimes, like no Inside camera, or kind of suckish physics at times. (Trucks and trailers bending in the craziest ways) but it is still an amazing game that will keep you entertained for hours upon hours.Superb game. Looking forward to mod support & better achievements.Edit 27-03-2015:I unfortunately have to re adjust my previous review, since the recent updates the game has absolutely not improved, the updates have ruined the game in such a way that it is no longer as entertaining to play as it was before.Sure, graphics are better, and trucks are more accurately modelled, but the GUI is terrible, the promises that are made are not met, and the updates are not properly ""beta"" tested before going live. Resulting in an upset community, and endless loop of updates that actually dont really add anything.Would I recommend the game now?No, not worth the full price. Get it with a 80% discount or something.Wait for a year longer, and lets see how it is then. Game can still be entertaining, but its full potential is absolutely not met.Ezu out~"
,Recommended,263280,12676078,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Spoffs,"Awesome game if you like offroading and old soviet vehicles, hopefully more content and maps will be added but rest a sure that you can sink MANY houres of gameplay as it already is."
76561198016433707,Recommended,263280,12676287,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Bigrig91,Great game fo what it is. the physics definantly have to be tweaked and desperately needs a cabin mode.
,Recommended,263280,12674355,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,LiK`,"liked it a lot, but boring to play alone."
76561198079995046,Recommended,263280,12675417,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,TrumpStump,"spintires is a very fun game with a real eye for detail. the game makes a real diehard trucking fan (like myself) very happy to see that a gaming company would want to make a game to support the trucking community. thank you spintires, one of the greatest games on steam."
,Recommended,263280,12676519,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ThroatRipper666,"I'm not a huge offroad fan, but this game makes it very entertaining. Play online with strangers who are usually very nice or go solo and change truck souls to save your other vehicle that I guarantee will be stuck in the mud within 5 mins."
76561198168712959,Recommended,263280,31594157,Posted: 6 May,all,spintires 101,i rilly like the game but it soped working and i cant fix it
76561198131195910,Recommended,263280,16281430,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Hotshot2601,Just add some dlcs guys plz
,Recommended,263280,12786245,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,No.350,Watched my friend sink into a river before I pulled him out sideways.Then kept pulling him.He begged me to stop.Went through some trees.He got mad at me.10/☭There are no brakes on the raep train.
76561198079394688,Recommended,263280,12781005,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Gert,"Spintires is one of the best off roading games you can get. This game stresses detail on vehicles, terrain, and of course mud. This game makes you explore the wilderness and uncover useful vehicles and paths along the map and also has the main goal of delivering lumber. Playing with others encourages teamwork. I highly suggest gettthing this. However, I do think that it is a bit pricy, that is why I got it on sale. I suggest you wait for a sale to enjoy this amazing game."
,Recommended,263280,12783743,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Jimmy,"One of the best games I've played in a long while.I get such a thrill from getting my deliveries where they need to be, overcoming each obstacle along the way, each little step forward comes with a great sense of accomplishment, and every set-back a new challenge to overcome.Watch some video's on YouTube, get an Xbox controller, or even better a steering wheel with H-shifter and let the good and bad times roll."
76561198061907645,Recommended,263280,13672212,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Arcade Wizard,ARCADE WIZARD'S REVIEWFUN: 4/5GRAPHICS: 5/5SHOULD YOU BUY IT?: YES
,Recommended,263280,18765362,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Nukuls,kewl
,Recommended,263280,21882984,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,MissyMayhem,10/10 AMAZING GAME!!!! Plus the Modding community is full of people always willing to help you!!!!
,Recommended,263280,21139109,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,MichaelK,"LOOOOVE IIIIIIIIT! If you have patience, logic, and smart, love off-roading with friends. This game is for you. I do not think any game will come even close to this baby. LOVE ITTTT!"
,Recommended,263280,23251915,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Classified,"It’s not survival horror with trucks. It’s survival horror for trucks. You as a driver, as a person, as a foot on a gas pedal and a pair of hands, don’t exist. Whether it’s because Oovee didn’t want to fuss with character models or because it’s an intentional effort to focus on the element of machines vs nature without mere humanity in the middle to muck it all up, the world of Spintires is like Maximum Overdrive, that dopey horror movie where trucks come alive and drive themselves around. Not for the cheese factor, of course."
,Recommended,263280,15793373,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Jimbles Notronbo,To much spin not enough tire.
,Recommended,263280,15875016,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Gold,Great game would buy it and play it 11/10
,Recommended,263280,10481018,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,lol?,"Wow. Just wow.This game is not for sissys or noobs :DFrom the fully deformable terrain, to the awesome 8 wheeled trucks, this game is just amazing :D Some parts may get repetitive after a while, but the real fun begins when you play online with a bunch of friends. Theres nothing like getting stuck, getting your mate to pull you out, then him getting stuck, and then finally you get stuck again and both of you having to reset to the garage :PBeautiful graphics, awesome maps, and I think there will be mod support coming soon (I don't know for sure).Worth the $30 price tag :D"
76561198176895854,Recommended,263280,23383682,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,3.25% milk,Good game but not really worth that much money. Also not many people play online. This game works to play it with the stearing system like the logitech g27
76561198166883752,Recommended,263280,19843146,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Agent47,Possibly the best Offroad game!
,Recommended,263280,21146704,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,James,ultimate mud simulator
76561197961216103,Recommended,263280,16368097,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Jobbo,"The physics are astonishing. I've never seen such believable modelling of tyres and mud. The trucks all behave like they weigh something (a concept overlooked in some games). Genuinely for the first 30 mins I was just gawking at how good the world and models are.Driving options seem realistic enough. By default the steering doesn't auto-centre, which I quite like. There's also options for turning diff-lock and all-wheel-drive on/off, though the terrain is so bad that I found I had to have both on at all times.Last point is that it takes some patience. It takes forever to get anywhere and it seems that to complete 8 deliveries of lumber would take an insane amount of time.If you like driving games and have an attention span of more than a few minutes you'll enjoy this"
76561198079365102,Recommended,263280,10464461,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,GS | jezdan2,great game good graphics and realistic physics one of the best simulators you can play off road
,Recommended,263280,13062358,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Soviet Scar,"Best game ever.If your willing to excuse a few things... Minor things... *Cough*No Horn *cough"".. That can be add ed later as there apper to be updates coming out soon"
,Recommended,263280,13111080,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,QP,"This game is a lot of fun - there's just something about it!  I mean you can look a the road, and almost feel how the truck is doing, how it's about to get st.... CRAP NOT AGAIN!  They should merge this with a Safari game!"
,Recommended,263280,25412335,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Josh12,"It is quite a fun game, the only problem is if you are hosting an online game you cannot kick people who are there to spam or ruin the game for everyone."
76561198150855876,Recommended,263280,25590111,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Kuhaski.FI,wery fun game to play whit mods
76561197981616629,Not Recommended,263280,25329186,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,kourtjestr,"Asking $30 for this game is ridiculous.  Is it a good game?  Sure, as long as you like the incredibly limited content they provide you, and you don't want to EVER see updates.  The devs will tell you, ""a major update should be out within the next month,"" and then nothing will happen for 6-8 months.  When it finally releases (if it ever does), you'll find out that they changed the mud from light brown to tan.  Oh, and they took a feature that they fixed in the last update and revert it because that's what the lead programmer prefers, and what the community wants doesn't matter.  I've met rocks that are better at communicating and meeting deadlines.The ONLY thing redeeming this game is that they finally allowed modders to make trucks and maps.  Of course, the maps aren't *officially* supported yet, but that's ...coming soon... (read 2018), so you have to install them manually, and if you install more than a dozen or so, you can't scroll through them in map selection, so you can't play them all.  You have to go back in and take maps out or edit file names so they don't show.  And a lot of the trucks are overpowered rigs that couldn't get stuck in a 50 foot deep tar pit.  Don't get me wrong, there are some phenomenal modders out there (Bregel, I'm looking at you!) but you'll have to pick around to find them.  At least the trucks will automatically download in MP games if someone doesn't have them.  Of course, if you happen to have a custom map, and you want to play MP, you better make sure everyone else has it too, as they don't automatically cross.TLDR:  Not bad for $12 or so, but not remotely delivering on what could be an epic game.  And you'll get bored before you'll get an update.  Just wish there were a ""Meh"" rating option."
76561198045145798,Recommended,263280,25662274,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Luffy,I loveeeeeeeee this game.  this is exactly what my imagination looks like when im playing my toy when i was a kid.
,Recommended,263280,25664864,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Da7man,I just got the game last night its amazing esspecially the mods they are amazing the only thing i hate is the cameraRecomended :)
76561198079404287,Recommended,263280,25673737,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,THE SAINT,10/10 would recomend if you love to go muddin but to poor to go irl
76561198310952883,Recommended,263280,25407507,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,hockeyrock122,this is a epic game i love the feel so happy to have it
,Recommended,263280,25699154,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,troveowner,"spintires, i`m done. thank you guys."
76561198111203730,Recommended,263280,14414186,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,JIN,"the game is good , only if they add wheather change  like rain,snow,fog,wind and stuff it will be awesome. the only problem is the players who quit 5 min after the game starts!  8/10"
76561198160435348,Recommended,263280,13604467,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,r3p5t1,"Great game! Difficult and annoying, yet still fun to play!"
76561198112031581,Recommended,263280,13604545,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,pandaslayr,Grab a friend or two or three or make new ones and drag logs all the way across the rivers and through the forest just to tip over right at the end.  then grab a truck to pick up the mess and do it all over again.  hoping to get some save state possibility online but other than that a lot of fun
,Recommended,263280,13562411,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Angry Norwegian,"Tip; start with plains, easiest map!"
,Recommended,263280,13632407,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DarkLink,Can be hard at times using a keyboard so I recommend using a controller for this one.  The online is a lot more fun i think because you can complete objectives faster with the help of good team mates.  Could use a modding community though!  Even though you can manually install mods from different sources it can be a little difficult and after you install them you cannot get achievements and you cant play online so beware! 8/10
76561198245533566,Recommended,263280,24001683,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,sugnanine,Very muddy
76561198117033461,Recommended,263280,14367245,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,farizaziz,i love this game.
76561198043634826,Recommended,263280,17500142,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,ConCepT,Really good game
,Recommended,263280,15278957,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Суиндон,this game would be awesome if there was mod support but i would say buy it
76561198290727790,Recommended,263280,25279202,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Traxxas_Master (F19),I would highly recomend this game too anyone looking for a adventure or a off road expert
,Not Recommended,263280,35054591,Posted: 18 September,all,Elpine,thrown under the bus by money hungry devs
,Recommended,263280,13935835,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Engineer6  🐾,"If you like Offroad, Trucks and challenge, this game is perfect for you. Some Things seem really realistic and some less. but all in all its really Worth its Price, especially if you grab it one a sale. The Game had some Troubles lately but the Devs. fixed that pretty fast. Also they added a lot of content aswell (new Trailers, 2x new Map). I must say: The Game is absolutley awesome.Pros:- Getting updated- Nice grafics- COOP where you can host on your own PC without problem! (Rare thing nowdays)- Steeringwheel support- Lots of mods + ability to mod- Challenging and fun game- Game runs mostly stable also on Laptops (Win7/Win8)Cons:- If Steam looses its Conection for like a half minute, the COOP game crashes- cant join/ rejoin a allready started COOP game- no Cockpit view (will get added maybe ;) )- not enough Camera Perspektives (Free camara)"
76561198260513323,Recommended,263280,19490571,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,SenSen #Hype,Great game
,Recommended,263280,12802633,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Rocketracer7,"Pretty good game, once you install mods and all that other good ****. Couple bugs for Mud and water, and first person POV."
76561198006677877,Recommended,263280,12770294,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,cineos,AMAZING WITH NVIDIA 3D VISION AND STEERINGWEEL
76561198008557277,Recommended,263280,12728277,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,heppsan,"Really, Really Good!Would be nice with some more different maps and trucks / jeeps and a cockpit view.But it's easily the best off road / mud ""vehicle"" game on the market, what I know off!"
,Recommended,263280,21595496,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Jeep 93,Best Offroad Simulator you can get.
,Not Recommended,263280,34778970,Posted: 6 September,all,Snoggatog,"Do not buy russian jews ran away from the game it is abandoned, wait for mudrunner. but it was a good game while it lasted"
76561198332408118,Recommended,263280,34179147,Posted: 11 August,all,maryc1179,It was a really good game i recommend it to people that like offroad
,Recommended,263280,33818097,Posted: 26 July,all,Soviet Arctic Fox,"Mud, mud - Russian Truck!"
76561198117491044,Not Recommended,263280,34472497,Posted: 24 August,all,Mr_Jolly,"game had great promise and should be a classic gameunfortunately the dev was a no good liar and made so many false promises like multiplayer savesinstead he abandoned the game and now is just relaunching his game and asking for money again for updates he promised for this game, he should be banned from steam"
,Recommended,263280,34495019,Posted: 25 August,all,Douglas Quaid,"Just pre-ordered Mudrunner, in the mean time I'll be enjoying spintires like I always have."
76561198069066905,Recommended,263280,10739976,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Daniel Love,10/10
76561198030160491,Recommended,263280,24041043,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Fredrik,"Spintires is a game about picking up logs, put them on your tractor trailer and then haul them to a drop off a kilometer or two away. The only problem is that it's  in the middle of the vast russian forests where roads are mearly suggested stretches of mud. What should be a small pick up and drop off is now a fight against ruthless terrain and fuel consumption counted in litres per minute. Rarely has going so slow been so intense.It's all thanks to the great simulation of the 4x4 and even 8x8, differential and deforming terrain. This game is fun to play alone but is on a whole other level in multiplayer with a friend. Getting stuck in mud have never been more fun."
76561198139697683,Recommended,263280,22648722,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Andrew (NASCAR),Very Good Game
,Recommended,263280,22853428,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Kuuranpuraus,Real offroad simulator!
,Recommended,263280,24044462,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,beamstas,"Enjoy 4x4ing/Offroading? This is the game for you.This game really relies on you enjoying offroad driving in a sandbox environment.There are missions, but the career mode lacks depth. You'll need to use your own imagination for this one,Overall an enjoyable game for me, but it got boring fast as it lacked depth. Hopefully future updates add more content. Still, i'd recommend this game as it is unlike any other, the physics are great & the developers have done a great job."
76561198065827137,Not Recommended,263280,29289655,Posted: 15 January,all,Gameplay,Devs are no where to be found game dead.
,Recommended,263280,29207376,Posted: 12 January,all,TwaddleTwot,"spinny,spinny,spin!spin!dis♥♥♥♥♥♥♥g0od. better than opiates"
,Recommended,263280,24989659,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,my life is a waste of time,Hurry up and buy this game. It is amazing.
,Recommended,263280,21411870,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,FC-ARC André,Okay game to play once in a while with friends but would be very boring without mods.
,Recommended,263280,11097524,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Madman_Andre,"It's the Soviet Communist version of Ice Road Truckers, only instead of ice it's all been replaced with mud, and the soothing voice of the narrator is replaced with an angry drunken Russian who hates you, and just ran out of Vodka. 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,263280,11213722,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Octrups,♥♥♥♥ing excellent.  Rugged Vehicles [x] Awesome fluid simulation [x] Wilderness [x] Hilarious multiplayer experiences [x].  It's only missing dinosaurs.
,Recommended,263280,13132152,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Clone303,dam nice game i like it fun to play around in and easy to lose time in for you get lose in it if you like offroad and cool trucks and stuffs and mud of cause
,Recommended,263280,32519106,Posted: 17 June,all,da_doomer,"One of the few off-road driving games. If you like the idea of driving a truck off road, I think you will you'll love this."
76561198315652374,Recommended,263280,32925546,Posted: 28 June,all,Tomstarlpg12,This game is really fun and i had fun playing around the map on multiplayer also my friend really wants this game but he is so poor and gave me money which he got SCAMMED cause he can't get this game lol
76561198093801073,Recommended,263280,28368102,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Bobcat,Great game but you guys need to fix the log loading area. I spent a good 30mins just trying to load logs on my trailer. please fix.
76561198320807141,Recommended,263280,28368514,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TheTankACE (TTA),"I really enjoy watching the suspension flex, and the diff lockers and all wheel drive is realistic. This game is awesome. I also love the gearbox, I do wish it was manual though, so I could switch gears. The mods by the way are SOOOO easy to get, you don't even have to use Steam Workshop, you can get them through the match. I have never had a problem with any of the Steam websites and I have no protection on my PC right now. The game in total is really fun to play, especially multiplayer. It's fun to work together, I love towing people out of the mud, or up hills. I hope this comment helped., And I will see you on the dirt track!"
,Recommended,263280,16999333,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Kiroyushi,"I love this game with all my heart. It is amazing. It needs the big update though which I've waited a long time. If you don't have this game, you need to buy it."
76561198110317714,Recommended,263280,10454238,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Bravecurve,awesome game... played the tech demo for along time. this game was worth the wait more then COD
76561198044343522,Not Recommended,263280,27246402,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nyyppä,They steal your money and run.
76561198142430698,Recommended,263280,14221521,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,CPtheassassin17,"Me and my friend were saving up for gta 5 when they postponed it. Very dissappointed, we wanted something else to play since we had the money saved up. We enjoy trucks and vehivles in general. He mentioned this game, so we bought it. Not really knowing what to think of it, we hopped right in. This game is different than most games i've played, it's a nice break from the fast paced shooters and racers that are out there. It makes you think about what you need to haul, and how to do it. Do i take a uaz to scout out the cloaked areas? Or do I just find my way with the big truck? It's really innovative, and fun. I do hope to see a lot of improvements though, such as, Mod supported multiplayer, first person view, a wider range of vehicles, and a couple of more maps. I have not found many bugs or glitches in the game at all since i've played it. It's a very fun game with hours of hauling and exploration, if you're looking for break in most games playstyle and mechanics i'd reccomend this to you."
,Recommended,263280,13532381,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,dretahølk,Get stuck in mud driving old soviet trucks while trying to destroy ww2 radar jammers while drowning in water while trying to deliver lumber to angry russian farmer man.10/10
76561198084265168,Recommended,263280,12494386,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Rich Chigga,"i got the techdemo of this gmae and played it alllll the time and loved it, when i saw the full game out i bought it and trust me. it was worth the $30. i loved the gmae so much and highly reccomend it but.... after a few months it stopped working, when i would try to play the game it would say ""error could not load config"" then would not load. i want to just buy the game again but id rather find oovee's email and ask them about the problem and if i could redownload it or get a refund (which i would use to buy the gmae again). PLEASE help me out"
,Recommended,263280,12505273,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,KakerMix,"I spent 4 hours driving various trucks in the mud, most of them stuck and the other ones I tipped over. I had a blast."
,Recommended,263280,13984398,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,toxicfrog79,"Everything is great about this game, really, EXCEPT you can't save the damn progress in multiplayer mode! THAT is really heartbreaking :(Also, outstanding portray of USSR time atmosphere... it's a shame they removed the swearing from the game, I mean it's an integral part of its mentality.Please consider adding winter with snow, ice and such!RESUME. One of those rare, really good games. Must have!"
,Recommended,263280,15306865,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,palma,"In this game you play as Sergei Porosov, a Russian truck driver. You follow his life in what feels like a fairly linear single player campaign, spanning almost the entire 20th century. You start as a teenager during the end of the first world war, hauling timber on your horse cart. The fact that you can style your horse cart with SPINTIRES™-, game company logo or silly memes ruins my immersion quite a bit, but you can simply refrain from putting bling on your cart, or any of the other trucks that you drive further on in the game. The game continues into the second world war where you haul mystery cargo in a large trucks to camps. This is where im going into SPOILERS. The mystery cargo turns out to be jews, leftist sympathisers, gays and other ""unwanted"" folk to concentration camps, since your home is now part of Great Germany. This is where the linearity of the campaign breaks down into two roads that I'm still pretty indecisive on. You can from here on decide to continue work for the Germans by hauling jews to camps (it pays A LOT more than the other option, letting you upgrade your truck with things such as a radio, a Hitler bobble head for the dashboard and even pay for access to the much smoother Autobahn roads).The other option is to refuse helping the third reich and instead join the Russian resistance fighters. This is where the game shifts to an over-the-shoulder shooter, and to me it doesn't make any sense whatsoever. The environments work alright for a shooter, but there aren't many guns and it's infantry only. I was hoping to destroy some German tanks, or even better, commanding one all the way to Berlin. Big fan of the T-34s.Depending on the choice you make during WW2 you end up with either an intense truck racing sim (with the Autobahn upgrades you go basically 200km/h all the time and it's pretty intense) or an OK shooter. Helping the nazis is much more fun.Anyway the game touches the whole concentration camps theme with sensitivity so the devs are pretty mature with the theme. All in all a pretty eye opening experence.Great game. Get it on a sale."
76561198374227976,Not Recommended,263280,30914941,Posted: 2 April,all,jmebuie2009,you can not get stuck and only 5 maps other then that its a ok game. if they lower the price and that is the reason i do not recommend it.
76561198029638845,Not Recommended,263280,34204067,Posted: 12 August,all,Ben,Half finished. Regular crashes. No updates in years despite promises from publisher. Avoid this game until you see an update.
,Recommended,263280,14657962,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,slyremorse,"Very fun game, amazing graphics and physics.  The name says it all, driving huge soviet military vehicles through harsh deep muddy terrain.  The game is lacking a bit in content at the moment, but the recent news changes the outlook for Spintires.  Now that they are developing for Spintires again I would recommend watching it, if you really want to take the plunge and get muddy I would recommend buying on a sale.The multiplayer was fun, there just needs to be more objectives, or gametypes.  It's lacking a bit in the ""to do"" department,  since basically it consists of exploring the map, and getting to the objectives without crashing or getting stuck.  Very challenging and frustrating at times, the winch is the holy grail of survival once you hit the deep nasty..better hope there is something to winch off to nearby.Very casual, a bit of strategy and loads of fun and eye candy."
,Recommended,263280,29521095,Posted: 27 January,all,Sandy-[14],Good game
,Recommended,263280,17758646,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Ferrous,You play as a guy who randomly drives old Soviet-era trucks in some Siberian forest.
,Recommended,263280,10481455,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,dan,100% good full 4be real style would buy
,Not Recommended,263280,34383813,Posted: 20 August,all,KEN,I say its a fun game..but now with it being adbandon by its devs..dont waste your time
,Recommended,263280,32492608,Posted: 16 June,all,ρυη1ѕн3яя_-),one of the best games i have ever played..
,Recommended,263280,13509861,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,balut76,Spent 30 minutes moving 30 feet. Then fell into the river. 10/10
,Recommended,263280,13540126,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,412thcadian,In Soviet Russia Truck Drives You!!!
76561198029783003,Not Recommended,263280,28122661,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,mufeez666,"great game project, although could have been alot better, Devs seem to have left the game with no updates or fixes this year itself, i had this game for a long time, unless it sells for like 50% discount or more i dont see any good reason to buy it, i actually like the game but cant recommend to buy it at 29.99$, gonna uninstall it for now, maybe look at it again when there are actual updates, the game isnt complete at this time in my honest opinion"
,Recommended,263280,10457978,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,ides,"I was playing Co op, finally after 20 minutes of slogging through the mud my crew got our logs and started heading to the objective point when this happenedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_KZmcNQ5GANeedless to say, our little expedition was cut short20/10 would winch againGOTY"
,Recommended,263280,29207207,Posted: 12 January,all,JakeTheDog180,Amasing game so much fun thx
76561198123171404,Recommended,263280,29611320,Posted: 31 January,all,ITMechanic,my Favourite game i like thad game a lot my Favourite 2016 and 2017
,Recommended,263280,12988954,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,angerydad.jpeg,"Alright, writing an new review to this game due to all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ raging over everything that's ""wrong"" with this game. First off, this game IS NOT a ""cash grab"", as I've heard it called, you're completly ignorant to call a game with this quality a ""cash grab"" game, or a game made quickly for cash, and not player enjoyment. This game is VERY good, when you look at the small indie game studio who created it, you can't complain about some issues here and there. For everyone who is complaining about changes to the BETA branch of the game, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥people, it's the BETA section for a reason, it's for them to test new systems and get feedback. This is not an unfinished game, as far as I'm concerned I've been given exactly what was shown to me, this is not an early access game, this wasn't meant to cater to your every need. Stop begging for features that YOU want and then call it ""unfinished"" when they are delivered to you that week. If you haven't been in a game development position, don't speak. It's not easy dealing with idiots crying about features they want in the game, and still trying to deliver a solid product. Are there any major bugs in Spintires? No. There isn't, not that I've seen, just some gameplay adjustments as a test. You got your individual map saves. You got your steering wheel support. Now move on, stop flaming the game, and play it. Oh, your friend can't connect to the server, but you can? Sounds like your friend has an issue, not Spintires.-----Since I went off on that rant, let me tell you about Spintires. Spintires is an offroad simulator based in Russia, with Russian military vehicles. I myself love games like Rigs of Rods (Soft body physics driving simulator, with mud and all that fun stuff), Beam.NG (soft body car physics sandbox), and other games like it. If you've played these games, or they sound fun, Spintires is your game. There's no softbody physics (thank God), but there's one hell of a mud setup in it. If you're not one of these twitchy kids who keep raging because this struggling little indie studio doesn't do exactly what they want, and are a serious offroader in real life, or like physics/driving games, you'll love Spintires. Get this game, don't listen to the hype, you won't be disappointed."
76561198007406479,Not Recommended,263280,13947243,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,nykkyn55,"This is a game with great potential,. let down by a publishing company, run by two inexperienced ex-railway customer services guys n the UKSince release it has been a debacle of monumental proportions, with no apparent pathway for development, poor business and public relations, all backed up by a company forum where only aggressive fanboys are allowed and any criticism is censored by hypocritical and arrogant moderatorsThere are rumours that the developer is back on side (he fell out with OoVee when they disappeared), but he has an awaful lot of work to do, and admits in his recent post that there is still some way to go before he gets any)So, I'd leave it another six months and come back and see if any of the promises have been fulfilled..."
76561198130285552,Not Recommended,263280,13945910,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,kramer491,"i had really high hopes for this game in early access and it looked very promising.  with that said i stopped playing MONTHS back as there were features missing and bugs that the devs promised to fix.  yes they added steering wheel support which is cool but what is the point when you constantly have to grab your mouse to fix the camera?  Added cameras were promised months ago and we still have yet to see even a hint from the devs about this. updates are coming out slower and slower ever since it was released as a FULL GAME which also doesnt make sense because they arent just fixing bugs, they are still designing the game as a whole, with every update scrapping your save games like a beta would. honestly its an interesting game, but watch ALOT of youtube videos and play the FREE tech demo before you spend what is it $30 for an early release title thats marked as a full release."
,Not Recommended,263280,14637204,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Againstt,"I dont think you should buy this game since its lacking of content, its a cool consept. Great graphics and physics but the lack of unike maps, veichles, game modes and mechanics. Also the fact the devs told us that we would get much more we didnt get.. Yet, wait and see if they do anything!"
76561198338894421,Not Recommended,263280,28987389,Posted: 3 January,all,dancollins912,"the game is ok, but not worth the £20"
,Not Recommended,263280,32243823,Posted: 7 June,all,ＪＣ－０２,it was good with good physics and graphics but the support has gone in recent years
76561198189434703,Recommended,263280,31776382,Posted: 15 May,all,TilItGoesClick,Me: This game looks dumb but I have a game addiction and need to buy somethingMe Hours Later: OMG I moved a log across the river this is the greatest gaming accomplishment I've ever had!!!!Its almost like a puzzle game for people who enjoy mud physics and old cars.Excellent excellent game.
76561198045335489,Not Recommended,263280,21597113,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Skinless,"My Rating 5/10only reason i cant recommend , lack of updates, when was the last update i dont even know anymoreDONT BUY THIS, Spintires mud runner coming out soon"
76561198039775189,Not Recommended,263280,13465662,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,jesser925,"Dont waste money on this until its finished, if they ever do finish it. I have had the game for over 5 months and they have not updated it since. it is a fun game but the need to add more trucks other than the slow truck they have and the mods dont always work right."
,Not Recommended,263280,15104871,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,nato187,"In principle I love this game but it is plagued by some very gamebreaking bugs and problems. Every game session starts with the trucks clipping into eachother and exploding spectacularly. Every game session ends early with a ""Oops Spintires Has Stopped Working"" error.I am so disappointed that Oovee even allows such broken releases.As of now the game is nice and pretty but utterly unplayable. Do not buy this game now. Check back on this game in a year or two."
76561198111522834,Recommended,263280,28555558,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,NickWinz,Great game!! easy to install mods and hours of fun. 9/10
76561198052301581,Recommended,263280,12419787,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Anderl,"SPINTIRES is a great offroad simulation, a genre I really like, and I'd like to see more games like this. However, there are some issues that will hopefully be fixed with future updates. My review refers to the single player mode only, as I haven't tested the multiplayer mode yet. In single player mode, I compleated each map. Here are some of the issues i'd like to see fixed in the future:- The camera control is not intuitive, it's really hard to get the camera into the position you want. I'd also like to see more camera positions to choose from.- The maps are looking really similar, it would be great to have some more diversified maps, with snow, ice, sand or some rock climbing, not only mud.- It would be great to have different missions, not only transporting logs, but also rocks or other types of load.- I really like the places where you have to pick up the logs yourself with a crane, unfortunately those places don't exist on many maps.- It is weird, that you only have to load 3 to 6 logs to fully load your truck, i'd really prefer loading it up with the real amount of logs I'm carrying, why not counting the logs? The objective could say there are 20 logs required, and you can load up as much logs as you like until your trailer is full, and you deliver as much points as logs are loaded on your truck?- It would be great if I could control the crane more precisely, especially when rotating the Grabber.- I don't like the way the maps are masked. It's really strange to drive to a certain point to reveal a circular area of the map. I'd understand it if those points would be lookout points where you could really see lots of the map. But I'd prefer a masking that would always reveal a small area around my truck while driving, just like the fog of war in strategy games. That would be like drawing a map while driving, and I think it would be more realistic and more interesting to really try each road and figure out where it ends.I can't wait to see more of this game, and hopefully some of these points will get fixed with future updates!"
,Recommended,263280,22906554,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,JustinktmSS,Best Game On The Planet!!!!!
76561197985529222,Recommended,263280,33897936,Posted: 29 July,all,riveradl,"Extreamly fun game, I've spent nearly 1,000 hours playing with the game and getting to know the amazing community of modders and players. I suggest modding the game right out the gate, you won't regret it. Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,263280,21593774,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Strandlight,What sort of company/developer sabotages a game for their PAYING customers...
,Not Recommended,263280,19237992,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Amfortas,"I bought Spintires when it was first offered on Steam in late 2013 or early 2014 (I forget exactly when it was first offered). Back then it showed a lot of promise and even though it was still being developed, I could see it was going to be a great off-road game.This year however the game has gotten worse. What use to be somewhat challenging has become too easy. Even in “Hardcore” mode you can almost go through any of the provided maps leaving the shifter in auto and not using AWD (All Wheel Drive) or the Differential lock. They even modified some of the more challenging areas in a few of the maps such as the angles of a few hills, tree placement (most notably near one of the unlockable garages on the Coast map).The saving graces of the game are the visual aesthetics and the number and quality of third party mods. So, if you’re looking for an off-roading log transporting game that isn’t too difficult to master, you’ll be very happy with this game. The ability to play multiplayer co-op with up to 3 others from literally all over the world is also enjoyable and makes the world feel just slightly smaller. If you’re looking for a challenge that requires some knowledge with shifting and when to use AWD/Differential lock you will find this game soaring lacking…"
,Not Recommended,263280,29359738,Posted: 19 January,all,InsaneZedge,This Game Has Great Potential. Unfortunatly it appears the dev team has run with the money like most of the early acsess game on steam so dont waste your money.
,Not Recommended,263280,18240968,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,CrimsonFog,"This game once had great promise. I actually bought 2 copies for me and my son to play as a team. We loved the game in the beginning, but for the lack of several key features (multi-player saves for one) it quickly got frustrating. My son grew tired of starting over every time he wanted to play with his dad, the constant crashes, the glitches.... so we have moved on. Its a lesson learned for me, it was a mistake to buy an early access game (twice no less). There where many promises of features to come so I thought it was something we could enjoy together for a long while, those features never came and the fun we had is now gone for this game.  Its such a shame because this game seemed like such a break though with the physics how could it fail, but now its completely stalled. I cannot tell you the last time there was a meaningful update to the game.  So, in the end I cannot recommend this game that has let me down in its implementation and support. There is no one person to blame for it, there is plenty to go around. It is in a word...SAD. They had a real gem... but it so tarnished now I don't know if any amount of polish could bring my son or I back."
,Not Recommended,263280,21624565,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ShiftySquirrel,"Solid game, awesome physics, cool trucks, and this is where it ends. I cannot recommend anyone to buy this game with the battle that goes on monthly between the devoloper and publisher, Both are too shady and go back on what they say and do publicly. If you want to deal with a game that is damaged time and time again because someone isn't getting what they want feel free."
,Not Recommended,263280,21583990,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Chryseus🍸,"Updated 2 April 2016Spintires is a pretty fun game, in particular if you have a interest in off-road driving, however it does have some serious issues that prevent me from liking the game, the main one being the lack of multiplayer saving which makes no sense at all, the lack of interior for the vehicles is also quite disappointing when you consider the amount of effort they've gone to for the exterior, there is also a general lack of variation in maps with everything more or less looking the same."
76561198011706184,Not Recommended,263280,21582404,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,LoneGhostOne,"This used to be an awesome game, but then the timebomb went off and the game crashes now. I have a lot of experience with CTDs in games, but this one is complete BS. The game crashes AFTER it completes loading of all assets, you can even see the trees move and everything, then it just ""has a problem"""
76561198007628459,Recommended,263280,12370173,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,LTdaz,"Trucks, wilderness, mud, soviet union. What's not to love? You will enjoy this game unless you're a wussy.P.S. Play this with Red Army Chorus in the background for full on bolshevik struggle feel."
76561198284603661,Not Recommended,263280,29128386,Posted: 8 January,all,thomasb6465,This game is great in all aspects apart from the camera angles or should i say lack of camera angles. Please Please Please fix this
,Recommended,263280,18842115,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Rosscoe,"Spin Tires has got to be the most beautiful very well optimized games I have ever played.If your into driving Sims pick this one up as it also has 4 player coop support and bare in mind it can take a couple hours on one mission to get yourself setup for the easy haul, right after yea ram a few tree, break down, get a repair truck in, get it stuck, get the other truck trying to get it out stuck, etc.Overall its a slower paced game but I'm haven loads of fun, and a cranky time of ""WHY MUST IT GET STUCK ON BOULDER?!""EDIT: Forgot to metnion the recent patch added new vehciles and new sound fx's along with a few additional changes to the man menu to adjsut your play experince."
,Recommended,263280,20046915,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,lamaz,Drove a truck with 8 wheels. Thought I was invinsible.Drove into a lake. Gotstuck.Had a friend and awinch.Freeeeeeedoooom!!!Winching simulator 2015. Will get stuck again 10/10.
76561198299845082,Recommended,263280,30712083,Posted: 24 March,all,Marbles41,"The graphics are very good, the gameplay is cool too. Not alot to do but is fun when there is."
,Recommended,263280,30720580,Posted: 25 March,all,Motorman89,I love this game.
76561198189185694,Recommended,263280,30725520,Posted: 25 March,all,,It is easy to mod fun trucks in and other things
,Recommended,263280,11008719,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,The Infinite Legion,"Wow, where to begin? This game is really nothing short of amazing. The graphics are sharp, the detail on the trucks is awesome, the physics are the closest to the real-world I've ever seen... Just plain amazing for an early-stage game. I can only imagine what will come in the future, it can only improve!The only gripes I have are: The camera, (but thats been beat into the ground and is getting fixed) and the repetitiveness of the terrain. Terrain elements get used repeatedly throughout the maps; a littlle variation would go a long way.Other than that, it's all up from here!"
76561198108732677,Recommended,263280,11125112,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,mrcameroncparker,"This is literally the game I have been waiting for since 4x4 EVO 2!This is everything that i had hoped 'Off-Road Drive' would be (which i found to be a bitter disappointment)... The problem with that game is that it was way to focussed on racing, scoring points and cometition and not on the terrain or proper offroading 'feel'. Each section felt deliberate and distinct with absolute consistancy and there was no free roaming to be done, you always followed a track layed out for you. Spintires doesn't feel like this.The areas feel natural and organic and every surface reacts in a certain way.  While there are paths in the jungle, you are not obliged to use them. There is no set route, competitors or time limits. It is simply you vs the enviroment.Although a lot of people are saying it is too hard, i think the balance is really good; at the end of the day you dont get the fun of rescuing your trucks if they never get stuck. The difficulty also causes you to think about your actions and use inginuity to get from A to B. For instance, after loading my truck with logs I realised it was too heavy to make it back through deep mud. So I used the winch to connect another truck and used to power of both trucks to get through. This careful and conciderate style of playing is reinforced by the lack of competition; beacuse speed in unimportant you can take time to plan and think your way through differant obsticales.The graphics are very good, and really show off the (superb) terrain deformation while the trucks themselves are very nicely rendered. But for me it is the physics that are the real pleaser. The virtual mud and water reacts in a really realistic way and the more times you use a specific path, the more emphasised those effects will be as the path detirorates. The vehicle's suspensions react in very differant ways depending on weight and sufaces, while the diff lock and AWD functions feel predictable and reliable. You really get a sense of feel and detail when you play this game.The camera (that many are complaining about) can be very useful 70% of the time but really the game would benifit with more camera options as the remaining 30% of the time it is really useless; especially when using the crane or towing trucks, but with future improvements planned, plus a cockpit cam these problems should be temporary. The game's content is also fairly limited and doesnt consist of much more than exploring, picking up logs, dropping them off and rescuing the many  trucks you will roll over, total or get stuck. But again, more content is planned in future updates.All things concidered this is a fantastic game, if you are a fan of any truck sims, driving games or just want a proper off-road game that is focussed on the challenge of the terrain and not time limits or competition then I would seriously reccommend this!"
76561197982038724,Recommended,263280,10474522,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,kat55,"Can't say I've enjoyed yet this myself. There don't seem to be any clear objectives, the keyboard/mouse controls are pathetic, the whole ""cloaking"" thing on the maps is to me,  a pointless obstacle and the camera seems to be basically possessed by demons, ie; it does what it wants, when it wants.But...It does look awesome, and apparently there are changes/fixes to come so hopefully someday it'll be a better experience. It's a novel idea too which is what attracted me to it in the first place. If the keyboard/mouse controls weren't so horrible and the camera was controllable it could be a lot of fun. As is, its going to the back of the closet for the time being. Might dust it off in a couple of months or so to see if anything has changed. For now, one thumb very slightly up"
76561198106628068,Recommended,263280,11007999,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,[WFG] Joe_1755 Gaming,Greatworth more that 30 dollars
,Recommended,263280,10583705,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ChrisW,"I have to say Im rather impressed that this game topped the Steam Sale List without one bit of blood or gore. Moving on to the game, I feel it has so much potential for the future and the devs have a game which could easily be the front cover for the company. The worlds are emersive and enjoyable howver there isnt much variation, I would liek to see some Snow maps, dangerous roads and mountain passes. Overall I would 100% Recommend this game to anyone even if they dont enjoy vehicle games. Cant wait to see what the future holds but its safe to say it very promising"
76561198125530248,Recommended,263280,13510436,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ironpotatoe58,best game ever
76561198149234299,Recommended,263280,13709146,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,YOUR MUMMA,"i love this game its fun and i think people would love it, what i like about it is that there are heaps of tracks and trucks, what i dont like about it is that i wish that oovee put more trucks in to spintires and more tracks"
,Recommended,263280,11013743,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,HicksNZ,Great Game. I love it.
,Recommended,263280,16381490,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,mdme,"This game will hurt your inner environmentalist caring about CO2 emission.But seriously, as a Russian, this is the most realistic racing simulator that would take place in Russia."
,Recommended,263280,10755123,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sir Royce the First,Very Real. Its graphics are the best and YOU should buy it.
76561198170204278,Recommended,263280,17082406,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Garrett50Calibr,"This game is alot of fun its really fun if you offroad in real life and know what your doing but the main bad thing with this game is once you play the 5 maps there are and the few different vehicles you have played the entire game so it gets boring fast but if spintires would add workshop to make maps and vehicles that would make this game be limitless and that would be great cause it wouldnt get boring, and yes i know you can download mods for the game but some people may not know how to download them and use them! 8/10 will edit and make 10/10 if workshop is added!"
,Recommended,263280,14504970,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,SemN,7/10
,Recommended,263280,24015835,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,porkslice90,"love the game and im only a few hours in, best offroad sim"
,Recommended,263280,14701394,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,DauphDaddy,"I love this game! I'm a huge KSP fan, and I do like Eurotruck. If you like those games you may like this one. There is a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥talk about how it doesnt seem like a complete game. It really doesn't. But I think that the amount of fun that I have had has out weighed the negatives! Check out this vid if you're curious. It's so much fun!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VJ8S-b7BOM"
,Not Recommended,263280,29298164,Posted: 16 January,all,E-665 | Taco T. | F-??,this game got boring in 5 minutes not worth 15 bucks
,Recommended,263280,23109996,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Mr Meeseeks,"Other than a few problems here and there, endless fun, laughing, and rolling trucks."
,Recommended,263280,25238711,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,TURBODIESEL,"When I feel tense or down, there's nothing quite as soothing as taking on Siberian taigas for hours. This game is staunchly monotonous, don't be fooled, but it's a good kind of gripping simplicity. It's just dirt. How do you get enough grip to take all your fuel or logs up that hill? This game can actually teach you a lot about real-life driving in challenging earth.One important note: Do not even think about playing this without a controller. You need variable input for the accelerator, so that you can be gentle. That is the key to conquering dirt!"
76561198059542420,Recommended,263280,10732351,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Da_Bears,epic i love this game
76561198033643724,Recommended,263280,15355167,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Redlers,I was playing the spintire game and it is a fun game but It did an update on steam and it not going in the game spintire  it says errer code 51  whats going on I paid 2 weeks ago and it stop working
76561197995980443,Recommended,263280,10462790,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Voki,You dont need more than PURE OFFROAD???BUY IT!!! ;-)
,Not Recommended,263280,14359915,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Pastor Josh,"Buy this game if you would like to get angry because everytime the game updates, you lose all of your data."
76561198082469462,Recommended,263280,10783740,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Albanian_Trademark,"Its a good game.The sounds a good and driving is just really hard (Thats good).I love that they have multiplayer, its always more fun to drive in the mud with some comrades.They need to improve and add things but it will get there."
76561198121782745,Recommended,263280,10784226,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,🔰Baylan Maverick Legacy🔰,>> SPIN TIRES << Now this is real world stuff rite here..ive been in the woods with old trucks an such since i was a kid an i kno how a machine will act when put under different conditions in the woods lol an they really nailed it with Spin Tires ..I really have always been a huge fan of old russian steel an they have all My favorites..As in UAZ 456 jeep lol an Zil from the 70s an Kamaz and Ural an even 8 wheeled MAZ's an they do logging in this game so pretty much its Much More Awesomer Then Frig an tht all being said lol ive heared tht they are working on patching in mods an the ability to acc put mods in from the internet..So..We Shall See...The controls are a lil funny at first but after a few hours of Gameplay i have found my self breakin stuff on the trucks cuz im so quick on the controls lol so its really an AWESOME game an all around fun simulator..i call it tht because it really is a (simulator) an it will show u tht in the first day u play it..I really enjoy it an i really hope tht the game makers will be putting the MODS patch into it thru a auto update very soon ..But yea i think tht about covers >>  SPIN TIRES <<
,Recommended,263280,11274172,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Lost_1N_Space,fix this game
76561198086353764,Recommended,263280,12688672,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Non-Racist Panda,"Great game, super realistic in some ways, and really arcady with others. I love it!"
,Recommended,263280,24544898,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Countryboy01,WHEN THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE YOU GOING TO UPDATE THIS GAME
76561198197417613,Recommended,263280,24187354,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Eyz´,nice game a lot of amazing graphics into the game i love it a lot and its fun to play with your friend
76561198353554282,Recommended,263280,30764416,Posted: 26 March,all,iiLenny_xFace,awesome GAEM DUDES. GIT MODESS AND IT BECUMS BETER
76561198078977032,Recommended,263280,17530246,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,cOSTA,fukn heaps sick! got 5 trucks bogged then just pulled them out with the small jeep thing! Laying down some mad rubber with the jeep!
,Recommended,263280,32877778,Posted: 27 June,all,13 Black Cat,GG
,Recommended,263280,30970777,Posted: 5 April,all,RISE,simply awesome
76561198267464797,Recommended,263280,23046968,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Magz,How do i download trucks from the work shop once you subscribe
76561198229284372,Recommended,263280,24555707,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ScrotiusRex,Trailer reversing simulator. Outstanding game.
,Not Recommended,263280,27288460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eclipse,Nothing seems to have any real grip and all you get is stuck. Not my idea of fun. Looks very good though.
76561198124738855,Recommended,263280,28208838,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Aerodyne,My favourite game ever. Very tricky and a few minor glitches here and there but worth every penny.
,Recommended,263280,12781532,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,blatherskite,"The game isn't ready for a full release. That being said, it is the most fun I've had since buying Counter-Strike. If you get a few friends, mutliplayer is amazing. If you have no friends, multiplayer is amazing. If you play single player it is quite challenging but very fun. It has many bugs and many flaws, but is extremely fun. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes driving games or likes offroad games. It's even fun if you don't like either of those genres.The game has multiple vehicles, ranging from 4x4s to 8x8s and with mods up to 16x16s. The game itself is fun until you finish everything, then you have the communities mods which are basically a whole new game. You don't need a decent computer to run it, even though it is nice maxing stuff out.I would give this game a 7/10 only because it isn't finished."
76561198123551305,Recommended,263280,12730676,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Huugnuut,"To give you a quick impression of this game:At one point I was trying to get logs from one corner of a certain map to the opposite corner. To make matters more difficult, I had chosen a very long trailer with an enormous amount of wood, and a massive 8x8 truck with a huge turning circle to tow it. Oh, and the route I was going to take went via a steep mountain road with three incredibly tight hairpin corners.To travel all of the 3km to my destination took about an hour. I burnt 350 liters of diesel, and at one point I had to get another truck to tow myself free at one of the hairpins. My average speed was 3km/h (2mph).If this sounds interesting to you (and it should, because it was brilliant), then you should take a look at SpinTires. There is also a demo available (not on Steam, just google ""spintires demo""), if you first want to try out the driving."
,Recommended,263280,12797776,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Zack/Wolf427,Game is very realistic and the vechicles are amazing. This game also has a bit of a strategy to it as in you have to try and figure out what the safest route would be in order for you to deliver the logs to the objectives without destroying the truck or losing the load.
76561198111546721,Recommended,263280,13967064,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Vegan Health,"I've played on only one map so far called ""The Hill"" and so far I really like what this game has to offer. There are points where you may get stuck, but with perseverance you'll find you can get through anything. The game play is free roam and you are allowed to achieve your objectives in any way you please. Its much like you're a hired contractor and they let you do your job with tools at your dispense (many of them you go out and look for, mostly other vehicles).I enjoy this game mainly for the off road machines, and the physics in which they react with their environment. I feel like im actually driving a tank of a car through some heavy mud/off-road. This can be very relaxing, and exciting when doing certain things. If you like vehicles designed to go through any perlious terrain and enjoy the outdoors, then I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,263280,18478558,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Mulley,Amazing game i love it
76561198109228985,Recommended,263280,29795185,Posted: 8 February,all,michaeldavidschou,its a good game
,Recommended,263280,11650995,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Mackie,Mad game :_
76561198066397349,Recommended,263280,21902518,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ashby.crazy,pppppp
76561198101520800,Recommended,263280,12017297,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,:Anal::Juice:,sweet game can't wait to see more vehicles and maps heep it up guys :)
76561198134781542,Recommended,263280,11439678,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Dingle_Nugget,This game is fun.That is all.
,Recommended,263280,11998647,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,TechyRock,"If you want aUTTERLY FANTASTIC GAME...Buy this. This game is soo fantastic that when I first played it I FELL OFF MY CHAIR! You could play with your friends or be a f***king loner I DON'T CARE! Just buy this insane, unreal and beautiful game...Please! Play to win!Thanks for your time,BuyTheGamexD"
76561198069828741,Recommended,263280,10520373,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Argent Rampancy,Getting stuck in the mud (and then dragging oneself out) has never been more fun.
76561198177303213,Recommended,263280,15407999,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,XBRD47X,"RETRACTION: I previously posted a negative review on this game based on the facts that the second most recent update screwed the game up(varied opinions not just mine) and that the publishers(based on forums and it is my understanding that this game was built by only one or two people so there is only so much that can be done) refused to acknowledge a problem. The most recent patch has seemed to have cured it.I bought this game approx 2-3 weeks prior to that update and it was awesome. Almost no loading times. Incredible graphics, physics, and natural effects. there are very few glitches although there are some. The camera style is a little funky but you get used to it. I would have rated the game 7/10 proir to the update for three main reasons. 1) Because of various expoitable features such as glitches, no piece of software should ever recieve a perfect rating, So, 9/10 is as high as i will ever rate a game. 2) It is a simulator and has no cab view, tach, speed, oil temp, ect or interior to speak of. 3) Lack of content. Although it has 8 or so moderately customizable vehicles and 6 maps which will each take over an hour to finish, It simply needs more. All the small glitches, such as this monstorous truck which just crawled though 120 feet of 4 -5 foot deep mud but is now struggling to get over a stick in the road or why cant this 35 ton vehicle run over that 8 inch diameter tree are easily overlookable. The game has amazing physics and problems like these dont have much of an impact on the game or gameplay. I would highly recommend this game to a person of the right temperment, just remember before you buy it that you will be getting stuck, you wont be going off any sweet jumps, you probably will roll over, and expect there to be times in the game where you will only be going as fast as the speed of your winch.P.S. There are tons of mods."
76561198221534796,Recommended,263280,15268259,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,nase371,I JUST PURCHASED SPINTIRES A WEEK AGO. IT KEEPS ON CRASHING AT THE FIRST LOADING SCREEN ITS BEEN GOING ON FOR THE PAST 2 DAYS NOW.. I REALLY LKE THE GAME THIS NEEDS ADRESSED ASAP.. OR IM GOING TO NEED A REFUND...
76561197993156594,Recommended,263280,11429383,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Lewis Douglas,"Every once in a while a special game comes to the surface and Spintires is one of these. Why? Because you can have games without shooting or killing! This game gives loads of fun and challenging your brain to find solutions for at first a seemingly simple ""move some wood from A to B"". Definitely one of my favorite games.Since every game can have improvements, here is a wishlist:0) fixing bugs (like weird rock behaviour and the small landrover lookalike vehicle jumping like a toy);1) better camera views which should be helping you on your trips without being a hassle to get the proper view;2) 1st person views from within the vehicles for a more immersive experience;3) multiplayer save/memory options. So when someone disconnects or you wanne continue a mp game at a later time, everything is still in place where you left off;4) multiplayer showing all vehicles from other players (even when the owner of the vehicle is not driving it). No more invisible trucks;5) multiplayer synching of all deformed terrain, including mowed down trees among players. So everyone sees the same terrain;6) bigger maps, so all terrain types can be in one map (in preparation for a dedicated server option);7) a gamemode which makes endless (multi)play possible (in preparation for a dedicated server option);8) dedicated server option (with console screen on a server). So friends can drop in a running map with endless play;9) need more ideas to improve, feel free to ask :)Greetings from,Baco (bloody awefull cockpit operator)"
,Recommended,263280,14386032,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,supreme gentleman,"Muddy car game, drive muddy Russian cars in Russia, crash muddy Russian cars in Russia, deliver lumber and fuel. Russians would never do this in real life as a job."
,Recommended,263280,16751680,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,NERIJUS-LT,COOL
,Recommended,263280,16754729,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,SmJ,Very fun.....with mods even better
76561198042867554,Recommended,263280,12868120,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,✪Easy,"Why does it sy ""Disabled Multiplayer""? Can some one help me?"
76561198119213662,Recommended,263280,13245200,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,LeadHead,if you like mud and big trucks this game is awesome single player is not so great if you want to complete the objectives but multiplayer is amazing   very realistic game very fun and very replayable countless hours of fun
,Recommended,263280,20477819,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Sean,"When Life gives you mud, go through it, unless your in a Chevy or Dodge, go around it or you'll get stuck.Note, Not trying to hate, just joking around. Ford is life, but Chevy's and Dodges are both good trucks."
,Recommended,263280,22116599,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ATH-KMB™,"A nice change of pace from what most driving games offer nowadays.  Rather than just wreckless driving, you're actually given an objective using big, old-school russian logging vehicles, with secondary objectives that aren't needed, but help quite a bit with moving back and forth from the log dumps to the yard.Casual mode is good for learning how the vehicles handle and the general controls, such as winching, switching vehicles and the like, and most maps can be finished in less than an hour.Hardcore takes away teleporting vehicles back to garages, increases gas consumption and damage, and punishes you for driving with your differential lock engaged too fast.  This is more intense, I find it more enjoyable now that I know how the game works, but it easily increases how long a single session lasts.  Hour long maps for me have gone on for 3+ before I've had to ditch the game.Even if you ignore doing the objectives and just horse around with some virtual offroading with friends, that's a blast too.  I could spend a good hour or so just running the jeep or one of the lighter utility trucks through the bush.Well worth the time and Oovee seems to update it fairly cosistently with good size updates."
76561198171091713,Recommended,263280,32191624,Posted: 4 June,all,-JackRabbit-,graet off roader. but not so fun with out mods! but thats why we have the workshop!
,Recommended,263280,17846075,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,TheRedFusion,"Spintires is a really good game. The terrain physics are great fun and a huge pain of a challenge at times, but this just makes the game more enjoyable. The multiplayer funcation adds a further element and helping friends out of the mud is once again enjoyable and sometimes frankly hilarious.Unfourtunately, the game lets itself down slightly with a lack of objectives or different things to do within the game, and you do end up having to make your own fictional objectives once collecting lumber has got really really boring. It also really needs a cockpit view to be a true driving simulator, but if this comes then this game is almost a great one.There are a few problems with the game, but I would recommend to any driving enthusiast, and to everyone if the game was on sale. I just hope the devs continue to update it to meet the games full potential (but I doubt they will)."
76561198143487816,Recommended,263280,11143635,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Jermell,"SPIN TIRES IS VERRRY FUN, BUT IT SUCKS THAT IF U ROLL ALL THE WAY OVER YOU CANT USE THE WINCH TO FLIP YOURSELF BACK OVER. AMAZINGGGGGG GRAHPICS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! , AND I WOULD BE EVEN BETTER IF YALL WOULD ADD MORE TRUCKS, AND A FEW MORE MAPS. AND ALSO ALL THE TREES GET [ REALLY ] ANNOYING SOMETIMES."
76561197971277557,Recommended,263280,10484930,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Hub,Great physic and great game! Hours of fun in the mud!
76561198059606920,Recommended,263280,10485884,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,[DG] Mobius_One,The camera is so bad it makes me not want to play it.
,Recommended,263280,10485815,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,KiwiCanuck,So addictive. So much fun
76561198066090679,Recommended,263280,10486178,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,-=(DoD)=-Jurgen,I dont recommend games ever but this one is a must have game!!!!
76561198310280717,Recommended,263280,32771842,Posted: 25 June,all,Str8aintnosaint#killer-666,Everything was amazing
,Recommended,263280,12081221,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Frasca,"Awesome game. Cant wait for the DLC to come. Needs more trucks, preferably American trucks."
76561198276914956,Recommended,263280,28847966,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,hunterct11,hn
76561198253269113,Recommended,263280,22892916,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Vulcan_JPS,MMMMMMYYYYYYYYYYYY FAVOURITE GGGGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAMEE
,Recommended,263280,13581793,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Reverendo,"I've played a lot with the modded tech demo and i finally bought the full game, unluckly this game will not be developed anymore cause the producers ""disappeared"" with all the money, but the game is already quite fun, perfect for playing with online with friends, few bugs around but nothing too much frustrating.If you like off road driving you'll like this game but try to get it for a cheap price"
76561198308372322,Recommended,263280,23781765,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Manto1992,Very Nice Game :) ..
76561198181488195,Recommended,263280,23338083,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Kalhoun (Bnet - Beast#1507),This game is so damn addictive!   If you like driving simulators then this game is worth the money!!!!    So can not wait for more stuff to be added and the PS4 version to launch!!!!
76561197978513751,Recommended,263280,23295133,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Macke21,Mmmmm.
,Recommended,263280,23302758,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Drift Pig,"i am very impressed with this game, loads of fun even more fun with friends :).i am a big driving simulator fan :)i give this game a 9/10, only needs a few things that would make the game 10/101. Better support for Steering wheels(i used g920, hard to configure brake\acceleator pedals, i ended up not having a brake pedal)2. A drivers Camera View3. A HUD that includes rpm & speed4. High\Low Gearbox  (5th on tarmac seems so slow) i think it will also give beter option for tackling the mudThe current Gearbox ratio's suit a low gear ratio box good.other than that, i am very happy with this purchase, cant wait to get into the mud again!"
,Recommended,263280,23484902,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Söker aktivt c4 #4,You know its a great game now when mods are supported!
76561198192566797,Recommended,263280,23310992,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,FlamingPheonix,"Really fun to play but there isnt that many trucks so you're probably gonna end up downloading a mod, which isnt hard its just annoying considering there is no pictures of what it actually is."
76561198296475698,Recommended,263280,31291732,Posted: 22 April,all,xxroyxx,its a ok game however steam has done sonmething and no i cannot get the game to work and i cant get a refund but it was a really good game while i could play it
,Recommended,263280,12065800,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Ðoritos ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),It is fun the only bad thing I have encountered is that if you idle or alt tab you usually get disconnected.
76561197962871014,Recommended,263280,13706499,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,~{DCMT}~[BT]Brimstone,"If ya love to drive truck or go muddin or winchin, heck or even towing, i drive tow tuck myself, i highly recommend this game, single player is a lil slow by urself but it has AWESOME potentical (sp?) its still a blast an i sincerly hope they keep at it, would love to play with mer rigs an diff kind of loads an maps"
76561198118902841,Recommended,263280,11064144,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,zakkicam,patrick aproves
,Recommended,263280,11059250,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,kazereal,"Playing in mud has never been so much fun :)Developers have really found new ways to make interesting gameplay and have the technology in place to support that.There is enough depth in seemingly simple tasks to keep you interested for a long time.Also since the price is right, very much recommended."
,Not Recommended,263280,25891234,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,MegaMech,"Pirate this game until the developer gets his rear in gear. This may be a trucking game, but for some reason the developer can't shift worth a dam. We wait about 6 months for every update. This game is developed like a hobby, not like a business. The publisher turns the game into a political mess. Developer makes stupid changes that nobody wants. Developer actually made the camera better, everyone loved it, and then he changed it back because he prefered it his way even though unanimously the player base hates his camera system.For some reason they refuse to expand their developer base. Recently the publisher said ""This also means we will increase the amount of developers that we have"". Haven't see♥♥♥♥♥♥yet, and thats the second time they've said that!"
,Recommended,263280,26194392,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Lynix200,Fun wee gamenot for hardcore OG gamers that dont know how to drive >8^)
76561198134539936,Not Recommended,263280,28191663,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,^4 Jake,"I would not recommend this game to anyone. Once was good, but then the updates just keep braking the game. It wasn't long ago that it would crash on start up for everyone, and took a while for it to be fixed. And now there are just glitches after glitches which never seem to be fixed.Worst game I have ever paid money for."
76561198047111471,Recommended,263280,32246730,Posted: 7 June,all,Rottin,Best PC game ever!
,Recommended,263280,13411413,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Fox Witch,Do you like driving logging trucks around eastern-european backwoods? Do you like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ically satisfying mud physics? Do you like getting stuck and spending hours of your life winching things out of swmaps? Does doing all of that with up to 3 other friends in online coop sound fun?Play Spintires.
76561198140544673,Recommended,263280,13434222,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,RUBBER-DUCK-IRL,pretty good game if you like a challange then you will love this game
76561198162170401,Recommended,263280,13408784,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,cdirby1,"This is a great game. It allows you to wounder off in a map and just experiment with the elements of the vehicles provided, gives you the ability to mod and add vehicles with more upgrades, and finally its a open map to where if your like me you want the objectives to be able to complete. love it and would recommend this game to everyone wanting a good 4x4 game. Very well scripted game."
76561197980793723,Recommended,263280,14958138,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ҽQ.Madcat,awesome online
76561198136168509,Recommended,263280,30219848,Posted: 27 February,all,kerimdaet T.C,evet
76561198243020056,Recommended,263280,26587785,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,RT Markus,I like spintires offroad
76561198155676946,Recommended,263280,30388488,Posted: 8 March,all,nightkalk,its a waesome game
,Recommended,263280,24445094,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,RIOT,Got stuck faster in he mud than Keemstar playing the victim card.10 gnomes out of 10
,Recommended,263280,19240581,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,The Ghost of Ronald Reagan,A good game but not much replay vaule (per map)
76561198140116557,Recommended,263280,13729093,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,aaronrowe2002,it is a good game
,Recommended,263280,13137454,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Avolition,"Never before have I felt like I accomplished so much by doing so little.10/10This game is oddly zen.  Just a man and his truck, getting a job done.  No high-scores, quest objectives, experience points, winning or losing to get in your way.  Get in and get it done."
76561198094997196,Recommended,263280,23428165,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,The Bored Hermit | MET,i had watched alot of this game and had friends tell me about it so i decided to get it gee was a suprised way better then i expected love playing it all the aspects are great and easy controls to do so all in all love it
76561198053074751,Recommended,263280,23500024,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Mad Acho,yes yes! i love this game ! and pleace update it!!!!
76561198202778668,Recommended,263280,23426696,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,tachyonicsnake,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,263280,10478423,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Sawcey Monst,10/10 would get stuck again
,Recommended,263280,12679468,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,StyvernyteTM,Mud Simulator 2014
76561197984312504,Recommended,263280,12678918,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,FPS-Doug ✪,"its sick, and now i can use my G27"
76561198093274621,Recommended,263280,12677241,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,DillJustice,HELL YES OP AS HELL SO REALISTIC!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,263280,12476187,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,smonk,"Great Offroading/Log transport Simulator BY FAR. If your looking for realistic offroading that includes :Realistic Mud physicsRealistic Terrain DeformationHuge German Trucksand more, than yes, you will probobbblyy like this game.Can get boring at sometimes, but thats where multiplayer comes in handy.The alpha had alot more mod support but, this one still has a pretty good modding community that followed from the alpha. The one thing I DON'T like is that there is no online mod support (yet). The developers still make updates for this game so you never know what you'll see next time you play it."
76561198033312276,Recommended,263280,12296318,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,chevelle71ss,"This is a highly unique game. At first, it looks like you don't get much for your money. A hand-full of maps, only a few trucks, and only one goal: move logs.  This is possibly the first ever strategy-mud-bog, trucking-simulator. You need to have some kind of plan at the start of each map. You need to clear the ""fog-of-bog"" so you can see the other trucks on the map that you need to pull the load. Then you need to get fuel for the new trucks or get them repaired. Each session I play with friends (and multi-player makes this a 1000% more enjoyable game) takes about an hour, even if we're constantly working on our goal. I feel this game is absolutely worth the price but if you're unsure, wait for it to go on sale. If you like trucking simulators you will love Spintires. The only problem that I have is the camera. The camera is always stuck in terrible angles even if you move it manually and it makes precision driving a pain in tight places.7/10+ Unique, challenging, and above-all fun.- Camera sucks tailpipe."
76561197989047082,Recommended,263280,12292776,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,JanTchi,"This game needs updates, updates and updates!"
,Recommended,263280,12290347,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,cyberelements,Awesome Offroad simulation... by far the best driving sim I played
76561198026250200,Recommended,263280,12675834,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ElliottG,"If it werent for the fact i bought this for the full price, and now it just went on sale, I would give it a 10/10. But because of that, agh what the hell still 10/10."
,Recommended,263280,21041797,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,dimi,Terep 2: Deformers 2: Fun in the mud
,Recommended,263280,21095244,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Fenrisúlfr,"The game is addictive and fun. If you like simulators or slow paced games, buy it. The developers are not as bad as some people say, the game was released in a too early stage but they added some nice features since release and avoided DLC."
,Recommended,263280,21197151,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Ocho,"Basically, you're driving Russian trucks around a fairly large map through mud, water, and other terrain to find more Russian trucks! Some of the best mud physics you'll see in a game! I recommend this to fans of physics-based driving games."
76561198032586449,Recommended,263280,14289386,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,HAZMAT,"If you enjoy automotive stuff then you might like this game. A marvel in game physics. This game works with an XBOX 360 controller, apart from in-game menus. Well worth the money if you ever wanted to go off-roading but can't afford the real rigs."
,Recommended,263280,13278349,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Benargee,"How to play: Point your truck where you want to go, spin your tires until you get there."
,Recommended,263280,13902388,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,sharp911,"I saw the videos on the store for Spintires, and I liked it. Downloaded the demo from the developer website. After playing the demo for a little, I wanted to buy the whole game.I can truly say that this is the BEST off-road simulator game. The physics are amazing as well as the visuals.Watching the vehicle drive trough mud/water/anything and see how well the developer pulled it off.This is an awesome off-roading game that delivers on every front.CONS: This game probably has the worst save features that I have EVER experienced. Not only can use loose the savegame because you click on playing a new game, but if there is ever an update, all your progress is lost. You can download a launcher from the publisher website, that helps greatly (but should have been included in the game), but still you can and will loose your savegame if you update the game. This is something that I UNDERLINE to the developer, Make a better save game solution. And make saved games updatable with an update.Bottom line, if you like off-roading games, this is one of the best. If you hate loosing your savegame, consider the above. I do not regret buying the game, I love playing it. (Though I bought it on a steam sale 66% off. If I bought it full price, I would not be as forgiving about the savegame issue."
76561198047888613,Recommended,263280,13911476,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Shadow462,Very addicting. The best off road physics I've seen in a game. If you turn on the parking brake and spin the tires they chew straight down into the mud. Online it's quite satisfying to winch your buddy out of a sticky situation. The shifting is a little rough using an xbox controller. I've often missed my gear and had to come to a complete stop.  Overall I really enjoy Spintires. I hope they keep expanding on it. There's a lot of potential for add-ons here.If you're still not sure they have a demo on their website.
,Recommended,263280,14132744,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Night Man Cometh,your first hour will probably be spent in bile filled anger. after that the entire game is gravy. very rewarding to go just a few meters. probably the most mentally engaging driving game i've ever played. once you throw the multiplayer in there this game is worth every penny paid and probably another $5 more than that.lovin it.
76561198150568839,Recommended,263280,14217737,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,David_fish1,this game is very fun and the sand box is AWSOME there huge the game is NOT buggy and there are meny terans . I recomamrend this game it is AWSOME
,Recommended,263280,13473485,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SylentWolf,"This is a great game with a great physics engine and realistic driving. After about ten hours on the first map I managed to uncloak the whole map and unlock all of the trucks in the game. Spintires is a pretty cool and somewhat calming game that you can lose track of time in very quickly, the only downside is that you can't save your game to each separate world that you play on, and you can't load up your own world to play on multiplayer with. You start over fresh each time you open a map. If the creator of the game actually changed the few things that needed to be changed, and maybe threw in one more truck, I would probably encourage a lot more people to get the game and just have fun with it, I think my highlights of the game were unlocking the Type-D and Type-E.Edit: The game now saves to each individual map."
,Recommended,263280,14455715,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,casd3s,"wouldn't say its worth the price tag, wait for a sale. saying that, it is a fun game with friends"
,Recommended,263280,12664613,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Dent (KE6JAY),"I reccommend this game to anyone who likes offroading. If you are a truck fanatic, I say get this. If you are a prius driving wuss, you porbaby cant handle this (jk, but this is for the truely deticated offroaders, you can get stuck very easily and it will be frusterating) I personally like it, but it seems that it needs a major update. I know th etema is small so Im willing to wait for a large update, but it can feel like teh same old same old occasonally. Only thing I dislike is the cloaking, its a nuiance when trying to do the objectives."
,Recommended,263280,18711383,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,RoyalFoxtrot,if you like playing in the mud you should buy this game.
76561198243147070,Recommended,263280,18750078,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,peters.j.luke,"All I can Say is... Time flies when you play this game, it is a ton of fun"
,Recommended,263280,18754416,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,SOFWCrash,"fun game, verry time consuming"
,Recommended,263280,20116355,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ludmacjames,"The Darksouls of driving games. Exploration and failure are at the core of this game, but the more you play the more skilled you become and the more fun you have with it."
76561198007389054,Recommended,263280,19436306,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Agent Brownfinger,"My 2 and 4 year old love sitting on my knee and watching me play. They call it ""Bumpy Truck""."
,Recommended,263280,19877847,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ＶＣＲ,great game if you mod it!
,Recommended,263280,20020708,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,blindpanic,"Really fun game, great physics.  Unfortunately the devs dont seem to be updating it much if at all. For $13 it was worth the 60 hours i played."
,Recommended,263280,20203632,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,✪Hola Michael,Its so hard this game but addicting! I come so far for only getting stuck and fall on my side.. and i have to restart.. but still i play it! Recomended.
76561198043702804,Recommended,263280,19942031,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,AnubiusGTR,"Great game, a bit frustating than U get stuck in mud or truck tips, but overall fun to play.Also all Achievements done."
76561198171246970,Recommended,263280,19486586,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,✪ENERGY,"it`s realy fun to play with friends, it`s a great game"
76561198203728733,Recommended,263280,19856742,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Pawlu9,realistic physics.
76561197988576835,Not Recommended,263280,25907249,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Vaen,"The game is considered ""complete"" and fully playable. I've enjoyed the game and got many hours of playtime out of it. Sadly the main reason why I don't recommend getting SpinTires is due to the developers promising multiple updates and never delivering. I don't recommend supporting Oovee as they like to be deceitful."
76561198161018713,Recommended,263280,29061069,Posted: 6 January,all,CDT Peterson,good game but lots of problems for some pc users
76561198031522484,Recommended,263280,24304041,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,[{FUTURAMA}],Fun game to soak up hours on! The game physics are very well put together! I would highly advise going and watching how to mod the game to get community trail maps because the fun there is endless! Has a massive community of moders and support!! i would recomend this to anyone who likes to offroad!
,Recommended,263280,24317147,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Dianna,"Awesome game! We need more games like this, with simple concept but with a huge gaming experience. It's really nice to be a truck driver, but it can be nicer than drive in highways only. Adventure in extreme situations is waiting for you in this awesome game =)And do not forget to try it in online mode. Hard work for everyone xD"
76561198001466565,Recommended,263280,12676322,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,kokoshi,"You like offroading? You like Russian machinery? You like casual gaming interlaced with frustration and skill? You like mods? Then step right up and get Spintires.This game has one of the best physics out there and allows you to drive trucks around between lumber mills, logging sites, garages, and gas stations in isolated scenery where you navigate through dense forests, uneven and slippery roads, deep lakes, sticky mud, and raging rivers. Most of the vehicles are 1970s-1990s Russian vehicles, of which most are military design or often seen in popular conflicts on the news.Don't like Russian trucks, then still get this game as there is a healthy mod community that allows you to drive monster trucks, western military vehicles, cars, rally racers, tractors, modern European & Russian vehicles, etc.  It is a fun video game that can be as casual as train sim and as frustratingly tough as...whatever reality series Bear Grylls is on today."
76561198236614910,Recommended,263280,31623625,Posted: 8 May,all,buddy5803,I love it
,Recommended,263280,31650202,Posted: 9 May,all,( ͡   ͜ʖ ͡  ) Nemám oči -),"Very relaxing game. You should play with people that you know, because often happen to me that all that ""hard work"" is gone because server host disconnected.10/10"
76561198020519238,Not Recommended,263280,26648569,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Darth Deciduous,Spintires really tried to be as realistic as possible and failed at that
76561198202301168,Recommended,263280,14160720,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Ryanp1,The game is great. The graphics are great and the mud looks almost real.
,Not Recommended,263280,33463971,Posted: 11 July,all,tom,"The game is quite attractive but is let down by both the camera/viewport which never quite seems to be in the right position and also the game becomes rather pointless after a while. It would be good as a sub level to another game but doens't quite work on its own. I bought it in a sale for a couple of quid so was worth it for me, but I wouldn't buy it for more than that and I couldn't recommend it because of the same/same every time you play - you drive, you get stuck, you free yourself, you drive, you get stuck..... you get the idea."
,Recommended,263280,24216034,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ashtonpope000,This is a great game for anyone looking for a great off-road muddy crawling game I recommend downloading vehicles from the steam workshop
,Recommended,263280,14111559,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Klush,It's really fun! even my laptop can hadle it on 15-20 fps and you don't need like 100 fps to play it!I do suggest you get it when its on sale tho...
,Recommended,263280,29326185,Posted: 17 January,all,The Pheaz for Prez,"Buys game 2 years agoplays 50 hours in vanillasees that they added mod supportspends another 10 hours in game just driving and screwing aroundfinds ""spintires plus v8"" mod, lets you edit all the little aspects of the game/fixes bugssees option to edit lenth of day.sets length of day to 0.00000001, smallest number without game not workingthe earth normally rotates at 1040mph.in spintires we manage to reach speeds of  2490145052891.116mph.the speed of light is 670,616,629 mphingame strobe light lolI definately recomend this game. yeah when you first get it the whole objectives thing gets kinda boring fast, but if you like openworld and exploring, this game is for you! Mod support is probably the best thing about it, since the developers no longer care about the game, the comunity really makes up for it. Map making is really easy too, anybody can do it, the program for making maps in your LIBRARY> TOOLS. it has a bug that makes things float but just google ""floaters"" and there are a ton of fixes. Installing maps is really easy but I hope they add maps to the steam workshop alongside trucks, which is even easier to install. The mud and water simulations in this game is probably the best out there and it is amazing and is what makes this game so unique. the rendering and graphics are ok, but really good for a game its time.Multiplayer is also really fun."
76561197986338532,Recommended,263280,32110279,Posted: 1 June,all,Sky2XL,"Great game, would buy again!"
,Recommended,263280,11565323,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,madsenburg | eclipse-darkrp.com,truks n♥♥♥♥♥
76561198222160696,Recommended,263280,21317142,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Jack Nelligan,"This game is brilliant and very enjoyable, i would recomend this game to people"
,Not Recommended,263280,30171205,Posted: 25 February,all,TrackpadUser,"While spintires can definitively be an enjoyable game, as shown by the multiple positive reviews this game has received, I would reccomend not buying it solely based on the state of developpment.Nearly a year ago the devs suggested there might be a future update, but we have not received a single word from them since.From my understanding, this is related to issues between the publisher and the developpers."
76561198120838110,Recommended,263280,21034516,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ryan | FME,great game i would recommend it but before you buy this game you should note                                                                        1. mods are not easy to install                                                                                                                                                                         2. the 3rd person veiw/camera is not easy to operate                                                                                                                             3. multiplayer is great to play with friends and or new people but at the end of all you and your friends hard work there is no multiplayer save option so you always have to start from scratch                                                                                                         .                                                                                                                                                                                                                     these are the things i dont like and think should get pached in the next update but this is my opinion im not telling you that you shouldent buy the game you explore the game however you want.
,Recommended,263280,21168713,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Alpaca Akbar,I Played This Game...AND ITS AWESOME!
76561198155222670,Recommended,263280,21818580,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Obsidian,"fun game i recommend this game.pros: mostly realistic offroading and driving, really addictivecons: small glitch if you go too fast with modded trucks"
,Recommended,263280,10578146,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Max Speed,A well optimized game with incredible physics. A must buy.
76561198028804864,Recommended,263280,31692026,Posted: 11 May,all,Passivsaufen,"Russian truck simulatorRussian roads, trucks, dirt,A wonderful game for players of offroad.Game is not perfect, they must count with small errors.Through the workshop, it is also possible to hunt other vehicles through the dirt."
76561197985851570,Recommended,263280,33866517,Posted: 28 July,all,tellmike,"I have had my eyes on Spintires for a long time but didn't buy it until the last summer sales. And wow, just wow. This game really got me hooked. I love the simplicity and meditative type of gameplay that it provides, with no time limits and full freedom to solve the maps in any way wanted.The camera is a bit wonky and is pretty much the only downside to the game, but other than that it's well worth the full price. I hope there will be a sequal to this game, with weather effects, more map types and locations (e.g. desert, ice), and maybe even a story to go with it. :)"
,Recommended,263280,21120815,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,"Driving around in this perfect blend of arcade fun and detailed realism makes me ponder the attraction of exploration games. I don't really do the logging missions, I just drive around, sometimes alone, sometimes mudboggin' with my buddies sort of like how I used to do in real life. The game is very true to life. Watching the sun set over a murky swamp while you're spinning your way out of a mudhole, not for acheivments, not for points, but just to DO IT, one can't help but imagine what Jung would have thought about the modern state of gamin. 15 years ago many guisse that military shooters would dominate forever, and they still often do. The distinctly Freudian elements there are obvious. Repressed nerds running around with pseudo♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ spraying everything in site. But as usual, there is a deeper, more Jungian aspect to things. Think of the rise of all these dungeon games. Roguelikes, and retro dungeon crawlers, and the rise of D&D into mainstream culture, I mean the original pen and paper even. Baldur's Gate got a massive update for both games, and is now getting a sequel. The dungeon, the depths, the... underground, not repressed, but HIDDEn aspects of life, in the inner world, of Personality, Complexes, Archetypes, and Self. Certainly Jung would have been happy to see so many free of the constraints of traditional, State-sanctioned religion, and happily building their own myths. Their own subjective truths, which may be trivial, mundane, even stupid to an outsider, some banal detail about how many hit points a Beholder has, or just when to flip the winch on in Spintires, or how to fix a car in real life, or a traditional religion too, all these mundain details can be part of some secret school of knowledge for one who is constantly building their own mythology, expressing in greater and ever more concious ways their own true self. That expression can be personal, spiritual, or it may be external, social. Sexual. Many nerds, ugly chics, and beta males who never would have been able to grow much of a sex life in the old order of things are now finding fantastic (if a little wierd) vehicles for their sexuality and growing personality to flourish in. To leave the dungeon. To drive out of the mud. To indeviduate, to become one's true self. Also this game has TONS of Workshop content. Spintires. 8/10"
,Recommended,263280,13522217,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Cerkaz [IDLE😎],"Really funny game, takes alot of your time :3Its most fun if you got anyone to play with in the multiplayer,"
,Recommended,263280,13662153,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,k00pa,Most realistic driving simulation I have played. Real world offroad driving tactics can be applied and works as expected.
76561198122692487,Not Recommended,263280,34441767,Posted: 23 August,all,Griffinator233,I'm gonna start off by saying this is a great game but since this game hasn't seen an update in over a year instead of buyin this i would buy Spintires Mudrunner in oct. 2017. A new pubisher and developer is making Spintires Mudrunner so i have high hope for it. Also if u already own Spintires you get 55% off Spintires Mudrunner.
,Not Recommended,263280,29156417,Posted: 9 January,all,Leschaps,"I respect what the orginal developer accomplished. I do not trust the publisher at all. In the end, this is not worth regular price, although with modding, and according to your particular special interests -- getting trucks stuck and unstuck in mud -- you might find it okay on sale."
,Recommended,263280,13483685,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,vokseli,"You spend two full hours of hauling long logs from the other side of the map and just 30 meters away from the objective your truck falls into a ditch and the logs are lost.Would haul again, 5/5."
,Recommended,263280,12508007,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,farsel,A vivid and engaging portrayal of mankind's eternal struggle against the evil that is Mother Nature.
,Recommended,263280,12407918,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Korbel,its great though eventualy i will get irritated with the current cams because i cant see anything ahead of me and will need an internal view in order to continue playing
76561198048352844,Recommended,263280,21631698,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Stellar_Duke,"Great Game would be a 10/10 if some♥♥♥♥♥♥head didnt make the game distroy its' self over time, fixable yes, just have to find that piece of code and remove it. rempomended to buy when on sale in the mean time, but still a great game to♥♥♥♥♥♥around on when you are bored."
76561198116778997,Recommended,263280,21640057,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DenisZedd,pay the creator please
,Recommended,263280,21638248,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,AttacK,This game is really awesome 10/10 would not play it again
,Recommended,263280,21644670,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ThE WeeKinG,I like trucks. This game has trucks.
76561198195715631,Recommended,263280,22894046,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,mitch carter,one of the best off roading games i have ever played great job
76561198080700891,Recommended,263280,20310005,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,CROOOOW!,*Buys game*Downloads game*Start game*Takes a look at the vehicles*Discovers they're all Soviet*Quits game*Goes to Workshop*Subs all western vehicles10/10 Wouldn't support communism again
,Recommended,263280,11549399,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Big Poppa csgogem.com,best game i have play all year 10/10!
76561197987726450,Recommended,263280,15284329,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Sociopathe,Good game but this game need to be a 3D vision ready game
76561198126989625,Recommended,263280,15292494,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Jonas Gahr Støre,Best offroad game! Cant stop playing it.
76561198000197861,Recommended,263280,15269403,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,[2ndMA(A)] 2nd Lt Green,"This game is far better than it was on release and the months following. You now have wheel support and more usable camera angles. The graphics alone are enough to make it a great game. I havent played multiplayer but I imagine it to be more fun that the single player if you have another player to help you through the messy areas. Definitely a challenge. Use the smaller truck (if you have it) to scout out the best route to the objectives and then bring in the big trucks for the log hauling. Again, this game had poor reviews on release but it is MUCH BETTER now.8/10"
,Recommended,263280,15294575,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Xit,its so much fun to find all the different trucks
,Recommended,263280,15236481,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,F_Society,very very fun game
,Recommended,263280,30533078,Posted: 15 March,all,This Guy Here,"""You gotta understand man, I come from the mud, y'know what I'm sayin' ... All I do is win"" -DJ Khaled"
76561198268281577,Recommended,263280,34803617,Posted: 7 September,all,TheCanadienCat,people this game is dead now for more than a ♥♥♥♥*ng years !and you didnt see it coming wowcheck you sh*t before trash taking over it
76561198037976941,Recommended,263280,17237720,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,-=Yakov=-,Spintires is the game of all the games.10/10 Would get stuck in the bridge again.
76561198052643819,Not Recommended,263280,17238901,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,josh,wow what a waist of my money...........all these devs do is lie about updates.......so all they did is make spintires to get rich work on spintires 2... dont buy its a brokin game...............SO ALL THEY DID IS MAKE SPINTIRES TO RIP OFF THE PUBLIC TO MAKE SPINTIRES 2...AND FROM PLAYING SPINTIRES THE SECOND ONE WILL BE BROKIN TWO THEY WILL MAKE IT JUST TO SAY UPDATES ARE COMMIN.......THEN THEY WILL SAY WE ARE MOVING TO SPINTIRES 3
76561198145935784,Recommended,263280,17281252,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,doreydylan,old version
76561198204250036,Recommended,263280,17344522,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Rieka,4.9/5 special stars*got mods**uses only those mods*(add better vanilla vehicles like Brute's 95' gmc/chevy dually to get 5/5 special stars)11 outta 10 would truck again
76561198022693328,Not Recommended,263280,17103418,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Spacemonkey,"Least updated game I've ever seen on steam so far, out of all the games I have it had the most potential but the lazy dev dragged it's feet. Just one simple thing like built in mod support could've helped the game a lot but they took the money and ran. Don't believe me check the forums it's dead because oovee doesn't even visit the forum at all. Their too high n mighty to talk to the playerbase, they've said that it's too time consuming which is a lousy excuse. So to sum it up buy it if you want for the base game just don't expect anything more to come."
76561198094823951,Not Recommended,263280,13510482,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,odd135,"On the plus side, the game was entertaining for the first few hours I played it, specifically because of being able to explore the maps to unlock the different vehicles and show new parts of the map, all while in a detailed and deformable offroad enviroment; when you think about the concepts behind this game, it's very impressive.The reason I would not recommend this game is because it is not finished; the user interface and the shifting system felt a lot more polished in the demo than in the real game, the camera is akward, mostly because it always resets to the left side of the vehicle to try to show you where the wheels are, is next to impossible to move around to see what you are actually doing, and is always zoomed in way too close even when you zoom it all the way out. The pause screen map is a complete mess, because they swapped around the zoom/spin/move axis in a way to make it completely counterintuitive, and there are physics glitches all over, mostly with the trailers and when you're using the winch.These problems wouldn't be so bad if you could do more than explore maps and unlock garages, but, even though the maps are fairly big, and there's about six of them, it took me only about three hours to become bored with the first, and once you're out of maps, you're out of gameplay. This might be a slightly different case if the wood delivery missions were any fun, but as it is they feel more like a chore. Granted, completely playing the game through would take 40 or so hours, but you wouldn't want to; half of that time you would be playing ""stuck in the mud simulator,"" and I would like some more content and variety if I bought this game for $30.Only buy if it's on sale below $15, it happens every once in a while, and don't think you're missing out on anything; the only reason this game has any popularity is because it's original, not because it's good."
76561197968849557,Not Recommended,263280,13545042,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DEATHGIVER,"First things first, Let me say, This sim is very pretty to look at and drives and feels very realistic, Visuals are stunning but i wish i held back and just played the free demo until they had sorted out the useless camera views/controls, Also single player is complete rubish, Having no option to unlock the map fully stupid IMO, The one joy of this sim is the multiplayer aspect but then that fails due to the fact the other players vehicles have no engine sounds, They also do not deform the terrain.Ive seen some posts that the 2 companies behind this sim have parted ways with one having run off with the profits, If there is any truth to that i suppose we will all come to find out in near future.For me to switch this to a positive would require1- Better camera views2- oponents engine sounds in multiplayer3- Better single player4- Dare i say it......Interior view"
76561198017791248,Not Recommended,263280,13663006,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,LrdSchnitzel,"Just to make it clear in the beginning, I've played this game without Steam, so something around 80 to 120hours of gameplay on LAN and Solo.The game at all looks for me like an unfinished game ( with all the missing tools and functions it looks like BF4 in the early stages ).Jeah, the PRO's for this game is easy to define. Great looking graphics, textures are similar to those screenshots, MUD-Engine is pretty realistic and if it works fine the multiplayer is great, too. It's a real challenge on hardcoremode.But there are more CON's about it.No saving-data at all unless you load the SpinTiresLuncher from another 3rd party uploader for Spintires mods etc to save and load your maps. This won't work for your Multipayer experience.The new map for ""Christmas and New Year"" is unfinished and familiar with the early access to another game.No starting garage makes this map usless and overlaying words like objective and lumber makes the map looking ugly.The mod support has never been there. You can download some and install it but then the multiplayer wont work at all so you need to be carefully what you are going do download.Furthermore, this game is dead right now. The latest Headline of ST was: ""Spintires creator claims publisher has frozen him out of his own game"". So they can't develope the game as they would like to ( as you can see the latest update with buggy map ). This game would be so much better with all those little things and a developer that has passion for it.Just to have some fun with this game, you need to run it without Steam and download some mods from the 3rd party mod developer."
,Not Recommended,263280,12726689,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Ste M (UK).,"Loved the game at first. and played it ALOT. always thought it was abit expensive but the promises of updates and what would be updated made it seem apealing and i was looking forward to them. however after promises and promises of updates and fixes, months in the first one came and it made it worse... also most the update promises wern't updated and the game simply isn't worth the money there asking...its a full release price for a game that appears to be getting patched and updated on the side like a hobby. not worth the money with the support it has."
,Not Recommended,263280,13156391,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,G00nie_NZ,Camera Only having 3rd person view isn't a bad thing as long as you can control the viewing angle easily. Sadly for Spin tires controlling the camera angel is a nightmare and after playing for several hours I still can't work put how exactly it works.When trying to winch having viewing angle issues just makes things a lot harder. I really enjoyed the tech demo but and disappointed with the full game and wish I had spent the money on something else.
,Not Recommended,263280,13587605,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,BAPBAP,"Generally boring.Nice looking, but still feels like tech demo, not much of a game.Also not much of a off-road sim - despite most surfaces acts like a pretty wet mud, almost swamp, you can't really dig a trench and sink in the track there, coz there's always solid ground under, no matter how long will you try. Another arcade sign - indestructible elements of enviroment. There's not much any real tree can do against methodical uphill attacks of motivated individual, piloting a 10-20-40+ tons truck equipped with badass winch.Finally there's still questionable camera, poor content numbers and rare updates.Clearly doesn't worth it's full price."
76561198142737714,Not Recommended,263280,21517373,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,chrissss15,game is fun BUT FFS it crashes soo much its worthless
,Not Recommended,263280,12658388,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,MIKETRUK,"originally excited for this, enjoyed it for a while, but it more and more turned out to be a scam, mod support was promised within three weeks of release months ago and still hasn't come, was supposed to come today but it and many other critical bug fixes and features were not there."
76561197970563669,Not Recommended,263280,13937031,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,africamanfox,"Even in ""casual"" mode it is excessivly frustrating.  I have basically given up on actually delivering any loads,  Could be a much more fun game if there were a ""go back 30 seconds"" button..  As it is, one tiny wrong mode and bang, load lost, hours of your play time wasted."
76561198124109381,Not Recommended,263280,11128032,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,LittleDeerTears,"havent had way too much time to really dive into tthe gane as of now but from what i can see the game pretty good but it is lacking some major things like a more in depth tutorial, and the gae is extremly repetative.  same old tres same old grass same old mud...every map.let me tell you now, 95% of this game is going at a snails pace in the mud and getting stuck for a while before you figure out what to do.  i would not recomend this game souly on the content versus the high price tag. i would maybe pay $5-10 at the most.  but hey if this is the game for you then go try the demo first and have fun"
,Not Recommended,263280,13944288,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,blueneuphoria,"Would not recommend, there seems to be an ongoing problem and conflict between the developer and publisher Oovee which is delaying MUCH NEEDED updates. The developer claims to not be able to upload updates on Steam. As of now, the game concept is an excellent one, I wish it were in better hands that are capable of carrying out the vision.In addition to this, promises of mod support on release were never kept.The game is currently in a really bad place. Don't buy until the issues have been ironed out, definitely not worth the £19.99 price tag."
76561198179679094,Not Recommended,263280,21597602,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,White Maori,"wtf my favourite game of all time with my favourite things in it but, i went to play it today and after about 15 seconds of me pressing the play button, it crashes and ive tried everything but nothing can fix it all i can do now is reinstall :( rip fav game."
,Not Recommended,263280,10823286,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ecrispy,"I bought this game so I can play with my brother who lives on the other side of town. The game is very difficult with it's muddy paths, river crossings, thick forests, and towing long loads through narrow, windy roads. We both appreciated the challenge and we played on hardcore mode. We often got stuck and had to come to each other's rescue, using the winch to free the other's truck.Each map takes us about six hours to fully explore and complete the mission. We play in the evenings and we haven't been able to finish a mission in one sitting of about four hours. There are no saves in multiplayer, and no option for a dedicated server, so we were forced to leave our computers on all night, all day, and into the next evening when we both were able to play again. Leaving our computers on like this got in the way of other things we normally would do on our computers. (Netflix, internet surfing, you know the drill.)It gets worse. We have played about three missions now. Without fail, about halfway through each mission we encounter massive, ugly, showstopper glitches in the game.Glitch 1). Rubber band effect of the winch.Imagine I'm stationary at the top of a hill in a Unimog, and my bro is coming up the hill towing a massive trailer. He starts to slip backwards so I quickly offer to winch his truck. Still slipping backwards, he accepts my winch offer, the winch is connected, only to stretch, then snap back like a rubber band, launching his multi-ton truck and trailer into the sky, followed my still tethered truck. We tumble in the air for a second or so before crashing down to earth, the impact destroying both of us. Hours and 100% of our progress lost, time to restart.Glitch 2). TreehuggerI fell down a hill, tipped on my side, and one of my wheels got wedged between two medium sized trees. There was no freeing the truck. The area around the base of the truck was completely clear other than the trees, but the truck wouldn't budge. I tried winching myself, my brother tried winching, there was no escape.Sure, maybe in real life there could be a similar situation, but in real life all it would have taken is 10 minutes and a hacksaw to quickly cut down one of the trees and free the truck.On another occasion, my brother bottomed out the nose of the D-something 8-wheeler on a tiny little treestump, and we weren't able to free the thing. The truck even had it's four rear wheels on the ground but wasn't able to simply drive backwards and get off the wee stump.Another major annoyance, (not a glitch) is that the selection of camera angles are complete balls.  When you're trying to take a shortcut through a forest, it's almost impossible to see clearly in front of the truck due to the translucent tree branches in the way.Glitch 2). Server go bye-bye.Two hours into the river mission. We've finally located and unlocked all the garages, the D-whatever 8-wheeler, and now we're both about to pick up our first load of lumber. We're both in the lumber pickup zone, then my brother's game (the server) crashes. Hours and 100% of our progress lost, time to restart (or just rage quit at this point.)I don't think the game is worth $30, seeing as it's so prone to glitches and crashes, has no save feature or dedicated server option in multiplayer. Sure, it's a niche game so that's one reason for the price being high, but I feel pretty ripped off for getting what seems like beta quality software."
76561197998635173,Not Recommended,263280,13943959,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,erieorceNNecroeire,"What a totally painful experience playing this for the first time. The camera is nuts, the driving controls are fine but the rest of the controls are terrible. Managed to pull up beside lumber and spent the best part of 30 minutes trying to load them but the frustration got the better of me and I had to quit. The help system is no use either and trying to figure out how to use the winch is a total mystery. Uninstalling now and feel I wasted my money on this game."
,Not Recommended,263280,15190093,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,[ASS] TripBalls,"Ive owned this game for a few months, and really like the concept. the gameplay is really good (when the build works). But i fear this game will never be completed. the developer is already talking about pushing out a spintires 2 in the upcoming year or 2.multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥ed. doesnt work right now. As the host for the game u have no options to kick people, so u get a bunch of europeans and arabs that dont speak english and honk their horn every 6 seconds cuz they get stuck. or they try real hard to type ""halp ien stack"" over and over. only 6 maps, no player content. if ur playing with friends and someone crashes u cant bring them back into the game. so its over. with the current build someone will crash on launch so technically its only a 3 player game hahahwait untill the team gets its♥♥♥♥♥♥together, but they probly wont. so dont buy this"
,Not Recommended,263280,15342039,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Sandflakes,Great game engine and graphics but still needs alot of work. The gameplay is worthless and have not improved as much as it should have. If the developers don't get their office chairs out of the mud soon I would strongly recommend that you avoid purchasing any games from Oovee. They even refuse to add cockpit view in a driving simulator? They are even planning on a sequel before finishing the first game!?Long story short. Do not buy until they start doing some real work on this game.
,Not Recommended,263280,18180785,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,yammy,"Game is dead and developers do not care about it anymore. We have gotten nothing (us backers havent gotten our rewards after kickstarting the game almost 2 years ago). Forums are dead, developer made a complete cash grab and ditched. Hes a complete ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ named pavel by the way. Do yourself a solid and dont purchase yourself this game.♥♥♥♥ you Oovee."
76561197997248353,Not Recommended,263280,13200411,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Fisu [FIN],3rd person view is totally broken. Game just is unplayable becouse of that. There is no even option to freeze the camera to some point. It jumps around and won't ever be in place where you want it.Otherwise this could be game of decade.
,Not Recommended,263280,13872422,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,AThousandSuns7,"Do not buy. I love the game, but when it gets updated, you lose your save data. You do not want to be doing the same thing over and over and not progressing. The amazing thing is that most of the community just goes along with this. Should still be in early access.Other than that major issue, it really is a great game. The idea is great, and the way the features are implemented really make the game enjoyable. Despite all this, your savegame will get deleted at some point.Sorry, it's a great game, but is terrible at the same time. Not reccomended at all at this stage."
,Recommended,263280,34350778,Posted: 19 August,all,Felix,games good. development stopped a few years ago after a fight between the devs and the publishers. something to do with money or whatever and the publishers wouldnt allow the devs access to the game after the fight or whatever. idk idc im fine with what i got and theres plenty of mods to mess about with to keep it going
,Recommended,263280,34330338,Posted: 18 August,all,MONSTERCAT_147™,Awsome
76561198101482586,Not Recommended,263280,29936602,Posted: 14 February,all,Rusty Shackleford,Best 4x4 game on the market but since devs gave up on it I'm giving it a thumbs down :(
76561198173999295,Not Recommended,263280,28660295,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,08CSRT-4,"Game sucks ever since they stopped updating it.  Would rather my money back I never play it anymore, it is so damn boring now."
,Not Recommended,263280,28740976,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Trks_Gaming,"The game is dead right now, No one on the online server. But the game is nice to play in single player with good graphics and phisics, But its just dead"
,Not Recommended,263280,28155879,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Malcolm Tucker,"Got this game because I am obsessed with off-roading. Was a little put off about the setting. Evenmore put off when I heard Russians coded it. First playthrough of the game, i found it to have a lot of potential. Potential that the developers are too blind to see. Camera controls is your mouse.....after you click the screen. Your mouse icon disappears and your left with your hand guding the camera which getas frustrating fast. No matter the tyres you have, you will always sink yourself 4 inches deep in nothingness. The damage is no BeamNG Drive, but do you think this game is trying to go for realism? With only 6 maps the game gets boring fast with no unique goals. Drive. Find a truck. Drive it back to the garage. collect wood. deliver wood. End game. Mods just came out for this 'game' recently. Mods are as abundant as they first were when the game came to USA. Loads of bugs that will ruin your experience. DO NOT BUY IF YOU CANT STABD POORLY CODED GAMES."
,Recommended,263280,35025202,Posted: 17 September,all,RoadSmasher,i Like it alot And Yeah i (Really) Do Recommend This game best mudding Game in the world <3
76561198198161423,Not Recommended,263280,28286688,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Falkoning,"Nice graphics, but overall a very boring and over-priced game. Feels like an open-area war-adventure without the war-adventure, Or a trucksim without any variation in objectives. Would not recommend spending money it."
,Recommended,263280,17413114,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,BailsBach,"This game is a very realistic driving simulator. Drive soviet vehicles through mud, water and other terrains. Let's get to the review.Spintires is an offroad driving game where you get behind the wheel of a number of Russian vehicles and drive them through all the mud you could possibly hope for. Using only your map and compass you have to navigate the rugged terrain in order to complete objectives such as collecting and delivering lumber.+Great graphics+Quite a few different trucks, each with customisation options and they are all quite different to each other, in appearance and performance+Amazing mud physics, the deformation caused by driving through mud looks realistic and is excellent+Several maps, all of them are quite different to each other and the vehicles available vary between each one+The winch system is great and the power of it feels quite realistic+Multiplayer, particularly with friends, is a lot of fun+Driving controls are good, as are the crane controls (used for putting lumber in your trailer)+You have to discover the different parts of the map so even if you don't want to do the main objective there is a lot to do on each map+They did a very good job in making it difficult to judge water depth+/-The majority of the gameplay comes from getting yourself out of the mud, personally I think it's fun but it might put some people off-The camera controls and the camera itself are awful. The controls are very sensitive, when you zoom out it automatically zooms in making it very hard to see when using big trucks, it has a very strange centre, sometimes it pans by itself, you can only move it on the x-axis, it has awkward angles and it's difficult to get it at the angle you want-The devs still haven't added a first person camera which was promised very early on after its launch-The relationship between the dev and the community isn't great (see forums)-Infrequent updates despite being promised regular large content updatesVerdict:8.9It's an amazingly realistic game that definetely deserves a buy, especially at the price listed."
76561198320264505,Recommended,263280,34962330,Posted: 14 September,all,K5 blazer man 1,Good game
76561198347674707,Recommended,263280,30445664,Posted: 11 March,all,vcullyvcully,dose anyone have skype or discord and want to play spintires need some one to play with
,Recommended,263280,28691729,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bubbi Morthens,Great game if you're into trucks and mudding.Multiplayer could be improved but over all a lot of fun.
76561198319017879,Recommended,263280,30470714,Posted: 12 March,all,ParadoxJoe,"Fantastic game, have a ton of fun playing alone but is most fun with 3 or 4 people. Over all one of the best off-road games I have played and will defiantly recommend to others."
76561198117858315,Not Recommended,263280,28726592,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Roanoss,"The game itself would be good, but the developer support behind it (months of silence, lack of updates) is crap. It is unaccaptable that after a game is released, the dev team theoretically leaves it floating alone."
,Recommended,263280,28689397,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bamrak,Very fun game even in single player. I have spent hours just goofing off and back and forth trying to achieve the objectives.
76561198034008906,Recommended,263280,28738954,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JPL083,"Oviesly many people did think when they did buy this game that it is like an action movie, or a war game... Then they give negative feedback when they didnt even understand what they have bought. LOGIC... Oh well. Well the game itself is brilliant who like to drive these machines in the mud and all crawling around, beautiful looking, nice sound's, good handling, brilliant controls for this kind of game when you understand also the small details in it. It would be absolute top notch if there could be also a harvester so you should cut the trees also and bring log's to the site from where you can deliver them to the mill, more things happening around it, like carrying fuel to it with smaller vehicles, maybe also more point for the garage when harvester could operate after garage is unlocked in close area by it etc. But yeah it was worth to buy, lot's of fun!"
76561198296210512,Not Recommended,263280,34894056,Posted: 11 September,all,HomieJT,"This game is awesome, and is probably my favorite game in my current library. The only problem is that the developer of Spintires, Oovee, abandoned their (still quite buggy) game. If you want to buy this game, buy the newest edition of the game: ""Spintires: Mudrunner"" released by a different developer, Focus Home Interactive, who will hopefully do better than Oovee. If you must get this edition in it's current state for whatever your reason, NEVER pay the full price for it, wait for it to go on sale in either the summer or holiday sale."
,Recommended,263280,34487839,Posted: 25 August,all,DetroitWings91,fun game and a lot of fun mods
76561198195666842,Recommended,263280,33827505,Posted: 27 July,all,jamiedalton250,This game is a lot of fun comes with over or at least 100 extra trucks in the work shop that you can chose from & at least 50 or so maps you can down load from Spintires.NL is a good plase to get maps for this game & my wife likes to play every now & then fun game I have loged over 1075 hours
,Recommended,263280,34474245,Posted: 24 August,all,Dierks91,"Game has no real objective (there technically is) but really its just hours of mindless fun. Great with two people, not bad by yourself but highly recommended with a friend. Fun to mod and play with a steering wheel, would recommend to all my friends but be forewarned the game has no real objective other than drive around in mud, get stuck, find a way to get out, and get stuck again."
,Not Recommended,263280,21481670,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Sour,Currently I can not reccomend this game. Overall it is an amazingly addicting game. There isnt anything that delivers the same offroading fun out there. But as of the last update you can only play for a maximum of 3 minutes before it crashes. They added the ability to add new vehicles from the workshop but there is nearly no ability or support to use them on maps outside of the practice area.  You may get lucky with 1 out of 20 vehicles actually working on a single player map. But you are doomed to crash 3 minutes later anyway. On the plus side the game loads incredibly quickly so you can relive that 3 minutes of fun anf frustration over and over again with ease.
76561198119295743,Not Recommended,263280,21415415,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Drew03,all this game dose is crash
76561198287980946,Not Recommended,263280,21576082,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,jjacobson2090,just downloaded it and it crashes 2 min into the game
76561198170407059,Recommended,263280,22869016,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,NBX1xPOISON,"This is one of the best off roading games out there, if not the best. If you are into trucks and mudding, this is the game for you."
76561198110995027,Recommended,263280,24032853,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mheim,"The game knows exactly what it tries to deliver - offroad driving struggle in beautiful eastern european terrain. And it is successful.It is not addictive, nor is it terribly beginner friendly - but it succeeds in conjuring up a novel, enjoyable offroad gameplay experience. Game designers take heed: sometimes a sizeable chunk of immersion is all you need to captivate your audience."
76561198253070427,Not Recommended,263280,21506360,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,bigdadac,I used to love this game enjoyed playing it very much. Now I am almost tempted to ask for my money back. ever since the last update the game is totaly UNPALYABLE . The way it is now i would not even recamend it to my worst enemy.
,Not Recommended,263280,21605996,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,barleypoper,"Bottom line:  Its the publisher main job to take care of all things related in selling the game and to make sure everything ls ok no matter what the situation is.  Its their choice as to how to deal with stuff.Hine site is always 20/20 and in my opinion Oovee gets a massive fail in my book.To bad too as I liked the game once upon a time but I can only tollerate playing it for short periods during the last year  because of the looooooong list of bugs, crashes and drama.  No matter who did what or if it was a mistake on this last crash senerio,lts Oovees job.  Sure♥♥♥♥♥♥happens but time and time again is not acceptible.  Things should of been dealt with differently but thats hine sight for you.This game has gone from a mud simulator to a soap opera and I hate soap operas."
,Recommended,263280,22799633,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Broken Trooper,deffinitly recomend this came to anyone who is into the 4x4 lifestyle and into getting their hands dirty.
76561198121020870,Not Recommended,263280,21415316,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,mandigo360,game keeps crashing when i try and load new map with new trucks like wtf its like people took my money and ran off with no fixes or any way to get ahold of someone to get help
,Recommended,263280,22649594,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Lt. Shaq,Fun game but played out quickly. Hardcore mode still to do.Graphics are very detailed. Operating the crane is difficult and would be handy to have some guide for it in the beginning.Overall nice and fun to play. More levels would make it even more fun ;)
,Not Recommended,263280,21485153,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Poļix 1315,♥♥♥♥♥crashes all the time
,Recommended,263280,22625229,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,mhan376,love game like mods and off roading can play for hours at a time
76561198078200434,Recommended,263280,12324428,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Beneator,Who wouldn't want to drive russian trucks in mud with other people it is seriously genius
76561198073018003,Not Recommended,263280,25256289,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Einherjar,"Possibly the most frustrating gaming experience I have ever had in all my years of gaming.  The game itself is a solid foundation for an amazing game.  However the developers are terrible, seriously they suck.  I know it is hard to code and create a game.  It is not hard to update your players in some way.  The last news we had was in april, not an update, just a worthless bit of news about a console release.  I have doubts that this game will ever recieve another update.  I feel sorry for those that supported this game on kickstarter, promises were made and not fulfilled.  This is unacceptable from a developer.  Just a simple word from the devs would go a long way with the community.  Customer service is truly important in this day and age.  I can only hope that oovee burns and nobody has to suffer their shenanigans again."
76561198020148709,Not Recommended,263280,35088054,Posted: 20 September,all,slicks,what a joke bring a new game out that was meant to be this game and charge people for it why not just bring out as an up date i would like my money back! DOWN RIGHT BULL♥♥♥♥♥♥WHAT YOU HAVE DONE TO YOUR PLAYER BASE !!!!!
76561197964290939,Recommended,263280,26548713,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,AcId_Kill3R,"This is the best game ever created. If I could change myself in a certain type of enterntainment, i would definitly be that kind of game."
76561198326835668,Recommended,263280,32735553,Posted: 24 June,all,Confused_Hippie,Only played a little while. love it. if you know how to drive real eazy fun driver if you dont know how to drive its going to be a winch sim. love the game wish the Devs would come back to it but what are you gunna do.
,Recommended,263280,21585553,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Admiral Paulpatine,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! ! ! !if you want this game, pirate the game!FLAG this game as broke or illegal!https://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2016/03/02/spintires-sabotage-timebombs/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+rockpapershotgun%2Fsteam+%28Rock%2C+Paper%2C+Shotgun%3A+Steam+RSS%29"
76561198092209080,Not Recommended,263280,35127478,Posted: 22 September,all,MARMITE,HOW DARE YOU.
,Recommended,263280,35180532,Posted: 24 September,all,KinkyViking,Bugs here and there but gut
76561198007895420,Recommended,263280,30007040,Posted: 18 February,all,jts100,well worth it if you like off roading and getting muddy
76561198012734048,Not Recommended,263280,34364146,Posted: 19 August,all,Lukec436,"How dare you charge us 30 dollars for a game riddled with unsold promises and lies, only to now release what is essentially a mod for the damn game and charge money. Oovee is the scum of the development community. year after year you promise B.S. and now you excpect us to pay for the same game again with slightly better graphics and a few new trucks. disgusting."
76561198042441420,Not Recommended,263280,13874763,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Cheese sandvich,"Spin tires is the sort of game I bought thinking it would have the frustration that comes with satisfaction afterwards, like dark souls II has.but I was wrong. this is the sort of nerve grinding frustration that makes me want to punch something. and I did. it makes me glad I have a few tissue boxes lying around to hit now and then.now all this im ok with. the game and its sh*ty  1st car that can't do a thing and its teeth grinding mud is all ok with me. how the game sometimes  controls like sometimes is what's not  ok. 1st thing is the rubber trees.I was driving and I got stuck on this little tiny baby sapling. and it would not break or snap or anything no matter how hard I hit it with my truck. in fact I seen a lets play of this game and they ran over the little tree with the crappy car and it just sprang back up.ok then?….   A totally rubber tree  I would be ok with but not when it blocks your progress like some rubber brick wall! it makes as little sense as a rubber brick wall as well.then there was the time I got stuck on a sapling my my rear view mirror. WHY!? why would you make the mirror collide with stuff and be non breakable?? either let me snap the dam thing off or make it no clip. anything so you don't get stuck on saplings  by it.the mud also seams to completely deify logic of all kinds. one moment its solid enough to support you and the next you sink so far that you have to float across it like a boat does. actually its more like your piloting a submarine but in this case its 1 kilometre per hour in mud....from what I seen so far there is no reset switch like most racing games have. so once your stuck your basically dead.this is not good when perfectly dry mud has got your all terrain truck stuck between it self more dry impossible  to get through mud and that mother firkin rubber sapling!the game could also be hard to get into for new comers as its tutorial is bare bones to the max. you get some text that explains a little bit about everything but never enough about 1 single thing.heck I didn't even know you could even reverse in this game at first. it doesn’t list it in the controls either.turns out its the 1st gear in the gear stick.and since that is the 1st gear the 2nd gear becomes the 1st and the 3rd becomes the 2nd while the 4th is the 3rd.the game   features fuel for each thing you drive. im guessing that when you run out your stuck since there in no ""get out and push"" option. this would be just about as frustrating as getting stuck and ""dying"" by mud.so my final opinion is that I wished I spent my money on something else even though it was on sale. id say its not worth it for its price tag and that if you are easily frustrated stay away from THIS GAME! you might break you key board because of it.now the game dose have some upsides such as looking very nice on higher graphics settings multiplayer and 5 different maps to choose from but I don't see the point in getting stuck in deferent places or getting stuck with friends.so yeah 4/10 not worth it"
76561198078508922,Recommended,263280,30759653,Posted: 26 March,all,Terran-Rhea,Total Accurate Dirt Simulater
76561198150778017,Recommended,263280,13917569,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Obi Cogburn,"This is my first review ever on a game, but here it goes.I'm going to start off with a list of the upsides of the game followed by the things that really bothered me about it.Upsides- Beautiful graphics- The missions are very simple which isn't much of an upside, as they are the same on every map. But once you get into the map and uncover the cloaking points, it makes it very hard to walk away.- Very realistic mud physics, haven't seen any other game come close.- Provides multiplayer support.Now for the downsides-Camera view could have been done waaay better, it is a serious pain.-The multiplayer support could've been done better also. The lobby starter/owner basically serves as the server host, meaning everyone's ping is sh!t. I literally had a friend playing on my lobby using my internet (fiber optic, mind you) and his ping was still over 100.-The devs have seriously dropped the ball on what could be a seriously amazing game if they would put forth the effort and make more content for the paying customers.- I believe it comes in overpriced at $30.00, for the fact that you only recieve 5 maps and 7 trucks.In my personal opinion, I love this game. It has a lot of downsides, but if you're an offroad enthusiast like myself then I think you will enjoy it as well. I would wait until you find it on sale though as I do not agree with it being $30, unless the devs get off their butts and make a dlc pack of some sort."
76561197988246682,Recommended,263280,31545367,Posted: 4 May,all,Sw4rT! Apygon,"If you are a bit of an offroad enthusiast/mechanical geek this game tics all the right boxes.Sure, it has it's fair bit of glitches, the UI is not optimal and the camera can drive you made at times.Nevertheless, the physics are next to none, and the endless modding possibilities warrants houres of off-road fun!PS: Get a controller, just do it"
76561198018371850,Recommended,263280,23104884,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,VostokMercenary,Winches. Winches are your gods.
,Recommended,263280,14254770,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,BRIG Thompson [1BDE],Like driving? Get SPINTIRES. Like mud? Get SPINTIRES. Like trucks? Get SPINTIRES. This game is a lot of fun! I recommend picking it up if it pops up on sale!
,Recommended,263280,19095969,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,WosselWozzel,Aight.
,Recommended,263280,17667567,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,thebigstickihityouwith,The game crashes out whenever my internet goes down. Even though I'm not playing online.This sucks.The game itself however is FRICKIN AWESOME.
,Recommended,263280,12716987,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,xxxstefxxx,"should be early acces game  , graphics  are superb,   wheel supported   with forcefeedback  ( only one joystick can be used at the moment  , so poeple  with  seperate pedals or shifter   is a no go )  .      first game ever    where you can plow your vehicles  trough  thick  and deep mud   ,   main goal is  to find  other vehicles on  a map  and complete the objectiv .  insane good sound  , its a must have game  .   remember  , it is a early acces game  ."
,Recommended,263280,32913064,Posted: 27 June,all,Wruce Bayne,Mud mud mud mud mud stuck HEEEEEEEELP mud mud mud
76561198134837863,Recommended,263280,23883927,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,mike_doyle23,The game is absolutely the most realistic simulator I have ever used.  I've played them all and this is by far the most realistic and the driving and handling are in a League of its own.  It's worth every penny. Please put inside the cab views.  Also make sure u can see out both mirrors. If u do this than you by far have one of the best simulators in the world.  Great work!
,Recommended,263280,28355449,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Happy_cow,Drive Trucks Get Wood
76561198245564932,Recommended,263280,28336041,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,TTG Vision Z,"works great on my windows 10 laptop, but it lags really badly on my windows 7 PC. how can i fix this???"
76561198304244818,Recommended,263280,28359171,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,adw333,I have played this game on my friends laptop and desktop under their name... and I had to get it for myself shortly after... the only this I'm lacking for my computer at the moment is the correct graphics card to run the game... that is gonna be changed here after Christmas though...
76561198212871717,Recommended,263280,28352385,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,gagebrooks,awsome game
,Recommended,263280,14465868,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,AlecZer,"Can be fun but also frustrating. The gear changing is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, graphics are good and it is very realistic. even tho most of the time i am stuck in mud or my truck has tipped over :)"
76561198007579261,Recommended,263280,17518251,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Bomoo,"A strangely relaxing game. If you'd asked me if I'd like to chill out by driving Russian trucks through waist-deep mud, I probably would've looked at you funny, but there we are. In that sense I find it more similar to a game like Take On Mars than to another truck-themed game like Euro Truck Simulator. It also doesn't hurt if you think Russian military trucks are nifty.But this game does not appear to be for everyone. If you are considering buying it, I'd advise waiting for a sale to bring it down to, say, the $15 range, and keep your finger on that refund button. It's also very interesting from a technical point of view, since, as far as I'm aware, there isn't another driving game that models offroad driving and terrain deformation in quite so much detail. As I've suggested earlier in the review, it's oddly relaxing watching your truck try to wade through fully deformable mud and water, and a small thrill when it manages to finally climb out the other side. Though, on the other hand, it's at first mildly frustrating getting bogged down in that same situation. I say at first because, like Kerbal Space Program, a short-term failure is merely an invitation to mount an elaborate rescue mission, and the scope of these rescue missions broadens when you introduce other players in co-op.The developer and publisher have some issues with communication, and have suffered storms of drama in their relationship in the past, so the future of the game's development is far from bright. However, even with that, I think what's here (and what will be added in the upcoming, nearly-finished, update) is well worth the asking price when the game is discounted down to what I suggested."
,Not Recommended,263280,16012548,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,BenWatki,"good game just wouldnt recommend it at the moment since release there has hardly been anything added to it updates are slow and when its finally updated its just stupid little things, the game would have become really good if the devs actually listened to its player base. its not worth £19.99 i dont know why you'd pay that for a game thats not finished it never will be finished as rumors of a spin tires 2 which could be released is just stupid. good physics great idea but failed miserably"
76561198020539718,Not Recommended,263280,25208322,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[SSF] Leonidas,"Last updated 24/4 :D are you kiding me go ""♥♥♥♥ your self"""
,Not Recommended,263280,21594663,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Cook66,"This game apparantly has a ""time bomb"" in it which has rendered it unplayable. From what I've heard the developer added it due to a disagreement with the publisher.Taking stuff like this out on the consumer is in my eyes inexcusable, I want my money back and as far as I'm concerned the developer is 100% in the wrong regardless of what the publisher did and the publisher is equally at fault as it is their job to deliver a working product.DO NOT BUY THIS."
76561197970527028,Not Recommended,263280,21588277,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Darkmagnoblade,Do not buy this game the dev has put a timebomb into it causing the game not to work more info herehttps://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/48juu7/spintires_publisher_installed_a_time_bomb_in_the/
76561198065034840,Not Recommended,263280,21605527,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Bananers,Absolutely unnacceptable for a company to do this to its customer base.
76561198024623385,Not Recommended,263280,21606337,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,mihall,can launch the game and click play within the launcher but then sticks on the same screen explaining how to drive the trucks.Biggest waste of £20 i have ever spent. Cant get a refund from steam as i have 8 hours played on record even tho it was 8 hours trying to get the damn thing to play.DO NOT BUY0/10 and thats being generous
,Not Recommended,263280,13686494,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ballihici,"I like the physics of this game, they are really something I haven't seen before. This game is a great platform for future development, except there isn't any development happening. This game isn't finished and it misses a lot that was promised to be in it. The reason for this is, that Oovee screwed the developer, Pavel, and therefore Pavel can't anymore update the came and Oovee run away with the money. Therefore I do not suggest that anybody buys this game, and wait for Pavel to possibly come up with a new same kind of game, which would be developed properly without some publisher ruining it.This is basically the demo of the game with more trucks and couple of maps. Do not buy this, since all the money you pay will go to the scammers, and not for the developer, and this game will not be developed anymore.P.S. The newest update is unfinished, includes a lot of bugs and can break the game, which tells me that Oovee tried to update the game so that people wouldn't notice that Pavel was screwed by them and this wouldn't be updated anymore. Oovee is just lying, I didn't want to accept that at first, but now I know that Spintires is over."
,Not Recommended,263280,13311982,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Hatred,please fix multiplayer game!!!
,Not Recommended,263280,32643706,Posted: 22 June,all,Evil7030,This game is a very enjoyable game. BUT the devs pretty much gave up on the game there hasnt been a update in almost a year. Game is ran by the workshop.
76561198122932791,Not Recommended,263280,30408045,Posted: 9 March,all,Prince Rahl,"Unfinished buggy garbage. Most of the content of this game is in the form of Drama surrounding the relationship between the ""dev"" and the train simulator DLC provider (Oovee)"
76561198031324670,Not Recommended,263280,17003821,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Sitzkrieg,This game is an unplayable mess.  Get it off steam.
76561198055727082,Not Recommended,263280,21628882,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,CapitainePat,"Keep losing my saved games and cannot manually save... (still a problem as of Feb 2016, not acceptable).  It happens when there are game updates or patches... Just tired of losing all my hard work... Too bad because i love the concept and the physic model."
,Not Recommended,263280,13795814,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,the_truth_200,"DO NOT BUY. up until the recent version where the flare-up between publisher and developer and arose,it was a stable game that WAS fun to play but now it constantly crashes I have owned this game. since release and only had a couple of minor bugs in early builds but they where liveable.  I wish I could get my money back what's is the point in owning a game the is UNPLAYABLE.I get no more than 10 minutes before crash and Oovee won't allow role back to previous version, as it the previous versions have the coders code in. and as it stands they want nothing to do with.Before the update thought i would have given it 10/10 and a very positive review and recommended it to everyone."
,Recommended,263280,22712751,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Issam Zahreddine,"This is 105% accurate game, is exacly what is like to be real slav. Should be call ""Slav Simulator 1986""  mud physics will make you question capitalism, exploration of many diverese environment will make you question if radiation was contained in Chernobyl and where did the Tsar bomba get dropped. Id rate 1 out of 1 cold war."
76561198275190173,Not Recommended,263280,21582976,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,johnk233,this game keeps crashing my pc ever since i added the trucks to my downloads how can i fix this
76561197993817634,Not Recommended,263280,21577641,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,The Roach named Busta Nutz,Game no longer runs correctly. Gets stuck in various menus.
,Not Recommended,263280,21597490,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Aelytah,"I'll preface this by saying that I thoroughly enjoyed this game, I have spent quite a bit of time on it, earned a large portion of the single-player achievements, and despite its lack of polish, and at times, wonky camera, SpinTires is an enjoyable game.All of this said, I cannot in good faith recommend this game to anyone in the state that it currently exists. Due to disagreements between the publisher and the developer, the developer sabotaged the game, causing it to cease working, requiring third party fixes to be able to play the game. I am disappointed that a fun, if niche game has been pulled from sale due to the rash actions of both parties, and if ever the situation is resolved, I would have no problem recommending this game to others."
,Not Recommended,263280,21595068,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Svempan,"""Oops, SpinTires crashed!""Thank you Oovee and Pavel Zagrebelnyj for that.Customers should never have to be forced with this because of company troubles."
76561198127232632,Not Recommended,263280,11761244,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,mrgeniusa,"As much as it pains me to say it...I DO NOT recommend this game. At least at the current price($30). Which is tragic. Since I'd been playing the demo(s) for well over a year before the game came out(and many months before it was even funded via kickstarter in fact). And from day one I was one of its most enthusiastic followers/fans/supporters(non-monetary). That is...until just weeks before the game was released when I recieved the news that the game would not be officially supporting mods. WTF!? I have over 300 mods downloaded for the dev demo!!! That's what makes the demo great!!! THAT'S WHAT WOULD MAKE THIS GAME GREAT!!!Until then...it just isn't. And if you pay more than $15 for it you're getting ripped HARD!!! It's hardly worth that much actually.It's truly so sad too. Because it really could be far and away the best offroad game ever made. But it's barely half that...at best. The devs(or pardon me dev, singular) is a dipshot. Plain and simple. Screw you buddy. I hope you're eating well on my dime. For the record though...I'd like $15 of that back."
,Recommended,263280,14749089,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,[GG]Blazemonkey,"It's a fun game to play coop, but there are some issues. The game would definitely benefit having a dedicated server allowing you to save the game, etc.Also, in it's it's latest update (25/01/15) the developers have broke the manual gearbox, making it nearly impossible to launch the vehicles from a stand still. However, they have left a legacy version in the Betas property tab."
76561198150449309,Recommended,263280,12404837,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,kvdmerwe,Game is very good simulator. Very challenging and fun when playing online with live players but can get frustrating and boring on single player
,Recommended,263280,12439208,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Kachigga my Nigga,This game is just super entertaining. For such a simple concept it had a great execution. This game was far better than i expected it to be. And i expected it to be pretty darn good.
,Recommended,263280,12431629,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Scriefers,"This game is by far the best game i have ever seen. You will never look at any game that has a form of car in it the same way. It's also the best game out there for multiplayer car action because you have to work together. It may look annoying and frustating but it really isn't. It's only fault would be the camera can get very annoying sometimes. If you don't have this game get it now it's the most rewarding, difficult when you want and easy when you want it (I did a study and people who want the challenge tend to drive faster and go for mud more often) and fun game around today and it's only going to get better as they add in weather and dynamic damage systems. Buy this game"
,Not Recommended,263280,17039747,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,McShafty,"good concept, but buggy as hell, should be listed as early apha. game suport is non existant, save your $$"
,Recommended,263280,28131962,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MrSteakPotato,Mud..
76561198020522436,Not Recommended,263280,30837875,Posted: 30 March,all,Freight,Can't play saved muliplayer games. Forcing you to restart a map every single time you play with friends. Because of this I am choosing to refund. If you are looking to play with buddies and get work done then I would not advise buying this game.
76561198026491051,Recommended,263280,12676909,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,GageB,"Log Hauling Simulator 2014, great game.. however, the new update kinda messes things up for me!"
,Recommended,263280,25875104,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[EU4IA] Grease,THIS GAME NEEDS TO BE PUT INTO RUST! AND TOGETHER THEY WILL BE GREAT.
76561198071799455,Recommended,263280,14091098,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ZolaKluke,"Great game, worth the money and amazing physics engine"
76561198146627161,Not Recommended,263280,25915349,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Chris,"if it was 1 year ago, i would give this game 5 stars. but now the devs have stopped updating it, the game crashes and lags when my pc is well over the recommended specs for the game. till they fix this game i can not recommend it, i love the game and i want to but i cant even force my self to like it. DO NO BUY TILL THEY FIX THIS GAME"
76561198042800896,Recommended,263280,12135778,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Auntie,"this is a great game, highly recommended"
76561198080187983,Not Recommended,263280,21655371,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Belfast bus fan,i am not a happy customer for some reason the game keeps crashing i want a full refund of 19.99 i am not happy at all if i dont get a full refund within 2 weeks i will never use steam again
76561198054402469,Not Recommended,263280,21594965,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Wojtek The Bear,"This game was a scam. The Devolper and Publisher are in quarreling, and the only people being punished as a result are the consumers. Valve wont let me refund this game, and it doesn't work. Avoid any games published by Oovee, or with  ‎Pavel Zagrebelny as a dev. Neither the Dev, publishers, or Valve are helping anyone out other than themselves."
76561198034528132,Not Recommended,263280,21604742,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Bob Loblaw__,What the♥♥♥♥♥♥spintires? i ♥♥♥♥ing loved this game and now its crash city.........
76561198257370404,Recommended,263280,22819588,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ajbriltz,Good game great physics good price
76561198074144332,Recommended,263280,12045726,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,a fucking crow,When somebody is pulling you but you have the park brake on just to mess with them.
,Recommended,263280,23725624,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Zephay,"I LOVE IT!1.Drive to asphalt road in ""Hill"" map2.Drive3.Find the other Garage4.Unlock the Garage5.Try ALL the maps6.Get Bored and Install maps from spintires.nl7.Then the spintires.nl map Doesn't work8.Get the map you wanted from an Unknown website9.Download and install the map10,You Didn't Realize the website mod had a Virus Search Engine in it11.You un-install the Virus12.Be happy you were just in time before the virus strikes13.Play The map14.Get bored then deside to play multiplayer15.No one joins your lobby16.Invite some friends17.Play with your friends18.Play with others19.Then you find a Lobby that requires another map20.You have nothing to do but download from the virus website again21.Repeat step 6-1122.You now have the Map!23.Then the game server exits24.Rage Quit! AFTER ALL OF THOSE VIRUS UN-INSTALLING!! You say.12/10 IGN!"
76561198130676834,Not Recommended,263280,13834721,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Andre Reiu,i uncloaked 3 maps and it crashed without saving anything.
76561198009285518,Not Recommended,263280,13138311,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,BeenJamminMon,extremely stupid game.
76561197998650461,Recommended,263280,23980790,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ninjanema,Very good game if you like mud and if you are concerned about environnement
76561197990636802,Not Recommended,263280,17838672,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Doomclown,"Great game with a great physics engine, but the user experience lets it down.  Bad save management, bad lobby, bad stability make this ultimately a bad game at $30.  I would recommend it at $15 despite the warts."
,Not Recommended,263280,31489743,Posted: 1 May,all,flick_sh0t,This game is so expensive for the content it got. there are few cars and the community created cars are the same some of them are cool but the rest is the same truck. i would give recommend it but it wont give you the content you want for this price. Dev of this game forgot about the game anyways no update since 2016 very good system you got there.
76561197989909174,Recommended,263280,10486140,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Tarkus,do you like mud?good
,Recommended,263280,10465261,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,~Ormagodon~,"Best offroad simulator hands down, this is what I have been looking for!I played the tech demo for a long time awaiting the release of the full game and now its here.MODS and groups are what make this game, updates still roll out and big plans have been made for the future of ST."
,Recommended,263280,31743919,Posted: 14 May,all,Zeoticus,"This game doesn't have guns, dragons or giant anime boobies and I actually enjoy playing it."
,Recommended,263280,19985910,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Weenie boy,Take mosin it is good rifle. You can kill germans with it.
76561198071539113,Recommended,263280,18067012,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Tex,"Multiplayer not working: game differ from origional package, multiplayer and achievments disabled)"
,Recommended,263280,32764143,Posted: 25 June,all,DIZ csgoblocks.comcsgobounty.com,Good game
76561198174839274,Recommended,263280,23294874,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Jakey,"As a member of IGN.  I rate this game out of 5 stars a four and a half.  This game has great graphics and the mud and sand and the terrain just move so graetly.  It is just so hard to explain.  Keep off raoding my graet offroaders.Sincerely,LetsGoBoomBoomYT"
76561198195831053,Recommended,263280,23278479,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,grj1439,it is fun
,Not Recommended,263280,16948939,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,wake me up inside,"Development has ceased, and without multiplayer save states, there is no reason to buy it. It is fun for about 5 hours on singleplayer, then it gets awfully repetetive. I requested a refund as soon as I heard development was halted. I would strongly recommend not to buy this, but if your heart yearns for physics-simulated trucking and tedious objectives, maybe this is your thing. It certainly isn't mine.FYI: The game was brought out of early access just before development stopped, without ANY features being added. Seems fishy to me too."
76561198022247378,Not Recommended,263280,18731690,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Shrewface,"Once I would have said yes, but unfortunately I must give this game a bad review. It was good when it was released, but now its♥♥♥♥♥♥ The development team are a bunch of useless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who have ruined an awesome game; in short, all they had to do was add some more content, some more trucks, trialers and maps (which they did EVENTUALLY ) - but instead they just ♥♥♥♥ed around.  The diff lock system was fine, they broke that by trying to make it more realistic, instead you end up spamming the button to turn them off and on. The camera was OK - they tried improvig it and now its utterly uesless. They try to 'balance' the game, which in their minds means - remove the option to have lots of things on lots of maps. EG u cannot drive this truck on this map. Good one devs, just limit our options and choices. They also removed the option to put the proper off road tyres on the craz. Why. Why remove a choice? If people want to make it harder for themselves, they can choose to do that. But i have no choice, I USED to have, but now I don't. Thanks you ♥♥♥♥ing morons. Literally taking steps backwards."
76561198027749402,Recommended,263280,12440781,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Stonewolfdark,"Sure you do the same thing over but EVERY time is different! and to add Multiplayer is a big thing if you get your friends to join in and pull each other out, set up camps together and battle out the evil we call Mother nature at her finest."
76561198155537555,Recommended,263280,12300723,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,YeetBix,"Great game, but how do switch from vehicle to vehicle"
76561198112984827,Recommended,263280,12645212,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Smitty Jagerman,"It's definitely a great game, the physics, attention to detail etc are amazing but it seems more like an early access game than a proper ""fully fleshed out"" release.Where is the rest of the content at?  It seems more like we're awaiting an alpha patch to fill in place-holders rather than ""DLC"" we'll have to pay for.-Why is there only 5 maps if they can be completed so quickly?-When will player profile saves be implemented rather than only being able to save progress during one map a time and having it wiped whenever you switch?-Where are the rest of the vehicles?-When will the camera get updated/ 1st person view added?-Why do menus and such appear to have place-holders in them if this is a ""finished"" IP?Don't get me wrong, I freakin love this game and would never post these kinda questions about a product I didn't like."
,Recommended,263280,18704716,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Tornadogcv,"This is a great game, i dont have many hours in it becuse i kind of didn't remember i had it till the new update came out, which make it a hole lot funner (and yes i know Funner is not proper grammer it should be more fun, but i dont care) and makes getting mods easyer."
,Recommended,263280,22202685,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mr. Bear,This is what I do in my spare time........sometimes. But I love offroading and this game delivers.
76561198076895404,Recommended,263280,12663403,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,boost.fiend57,"Tis' everything you could picture. Thick mud, toppling trailers, and a pretty good replay value. I get toasty and see how fast I can take a fully weighted trailer through the thick. STEERING WHEEL SUPPORT. Its just some good ole' fun."
76561198017906015,Recommended,263280,16367484,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Meatwad1666,Never have i wanted to be a mudding hillbilly so bad!
,Recommended,263280,20887354,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Sir_Derpington,Best game that was ever made in life. just saying
76561198090653328,Recommended,263280,13945435,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Brayden D.,Best Game 2015
76561198187405998,Recommended,263280,18717840,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ctflying69,"Great Game For help modding or someone to play online with add my fb pagehttps://www.facebook.com/groups/1660507280886621♥♥♥♥♥♥bookmarksand add me on steam, I do alot of offroading myself and this game is the best and realistic as it gets, i play the legacy build"
76561198120696756,Recommended,263280,32152803,Posted: 3 June,all,Ghost Train 64-Bit,"Amazing! I love this game! It's super fun to play and easy to learn, the maps are amazing! I love the selection of trucks, especially with the new truck update that came out... Well it's not new anymore but it's still nice. I recommend this game to anyone who loves trucks and mud!"
,Not Recommended,263280,14131752,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Angus McDingus (Concentrate),"Me and Beck wasted £10 on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game ♥♥♥♥ you and espeically ♥♥♥♥ the people who gave this a thumbs up, WHY"
76561198071078361,Recommended,263280,14221218,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,NoxiousFusion,Hard to explain.. Just alot of fun.
76561198149358755,Recommended,263280,15327694,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Brandon,this is one of my fav games to play
76561198379429374,Recommended,263280,32165697,Posted: 3 June,all,yankeedoodle845,its a really good game i how the mud is and if you like offroading this is the game for you and your friends
,Recommended,263280,21260262,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Soldier_BLG18,i played this game before i really like the game tho. and why is there no maps in workshop will you put that in?. hey i really like the game ♥♥♥♥ing COOL!!!. :3
76561198357144783,Not Recommended,263280,33279837,Posted: 5 July,all,chrisjhall2014,"Game would be great, but the camera angles suck a##. No other way to put it. I would have played this game more if I didnt get a migrane from the horrible camera angles."
,Recommended,263280,12675118,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Warkarma,Two words: LOVE IT
76561198081661946,Recommended,263280,12525062,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Deejay,mud and mud
76561198098987116,Recommended,263280,12465583,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,BJF2448,This is a great game. The best off road game i have ever played
,Recommended,263280,12457970,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,| ÅиThŘax,Great game its a must get in my books!
76561198000136095,Not Recommended,263280,13573142,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,romeguy84,"i have logged some time into this game..its an aquired taste.  I loved it before but the new update has not made the game better though, but worse.  Before the update i would have gave a Thumbs up...now i dont.  Too bad for spintires.  Thumbs down untill i see it again later."
76561198041618928,Not Recommended,263280,11111627,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,UltraSurf,"Great game if it worked. freezes up every 30 seconds on brand new hardware. No support cant find any helpful info. If your going to release a game makes sure its going to work. All my other games work, even ones in beta."
,Not Recommended,263280,11127553,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Jian Kui,"This game has some glowing reviews, and I can see why. The mud and water look amazing, and it's quite addictive trying to plow through them with your vehicle. But the problem is...there's not much ""game"" in this game. You drive around in mud, and then you drive around in mud some more. There's only a few vehicles, only one type of mission, and very little progression. As a result, as gorgeous as the engine is, this game doesn't have a huge amount of replayability. It's also afflicted by an inconsistent damage system and utterly awful camera. Also, having to use my mouse to change gears is a pain - give me gear up/down buttons instead, especially if I'm using a controller.It's got potential, and if it was half the price I'd say go for it. But I really can't recommend spending 30 AUD on a game that has all the content of an early beta. With more vehicles, a progression system, and a few bug fixes this could be an awesome game, but it's not there yet."
,Not Recommended,263280,12941538,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,GI7,"6/10 Boring, and I can't really understand the mission of it. Worth 5$, not 30."
,Not Recommended,263280,14560530,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Zero Guff,Frustrating and Boring......
76561198066833149,Not Recommended,263280,15446688,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Liam McDade,"Flashing black screens..I have dual R9 290s. Could play game fine months ago, but i wanted to jump but in for some muddy goodness, when all i encounter is screen tearing after screen tearing."
76561198111992000,Not Recommended,263280,10977820,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,kanluxm,natttttttt  save your money no fun at all!!!!
,Not Recommended,263280,11011303,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Keegan Kael,"I want to like this game, I really really really do. But I don't.  I know the game is new, so I am willing to cut it some slack, but so far the online play has had so many connection issues I've found it totally unplayable, and the single player is so tedious I have almost thrown my computer out a window.With some tweaks I think this game could be a lot of fun.  But right now it is far far far too much crawling along getting stuck in deep mud and then drowning your truck in a river.  Or overturning and losing the load of logs you've spent almost an hour getting.When the game adds more objectives besides ""go here, get lumber, drive here, repeat"" I will be very happy.In short, a game with promise, disappointing now, but one to watch."
76561198032732526,Not Recommended,263280,11153401,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Ravyn125,"Spintires is a game in which you travel over various maps utilizing realistic offroad driving ot deliver logs. This is not a game for those looking for an exciting time but rather a true(er) to life simulation of logging operations in a less developed country.Good: The simulation is nearly spot on with only a few things missing for gameplay reasons. A promised feature was the ability to change the air pressure in the tire of the vehicles that has yet to be seen.The maps are large and allow for a pretty interesting mechanic of scouting out the cloaking points that black out most of the map and vehicle and garage areas that can be used later on.The vehicles are well modeled and react as a real vehicle would minus damage effects that could help the game along better.An open world/Non-timed objective system allows for multiple strategies in completing the objective and a really fun exploration game.Bad: The fun that you have with this game is wholly dependant on the person playing. This game has only the base amount of objectives of move logs from point A to point B and find all the garages and vehicles. You can also take the time to uncloak the entire map, but if you already learned the map previously you know your way already and it becomes pointless.The map interface is a bit cumbersome and is a bit confusing. In order to map a route you must select the various points on that map for your waypoints, but in order for it to show your red navigation line you DO NOT click ok in the text box as this clears the waypoints from the map.There are very few vehicles to play with.A promised feature of variable air pressure in the tires is yet to be added to the game. The menu interface is easy enough to navigate and load times on even a mid-range PC are low but can still be a tad long to deal with.While I do like the ability to just go right back into a session I was on previously I do wish it had multiple save slots to allow for more than one game at a time.Overall: If you like simulators that actualy do a good job of simulating and you are able to make your own fun in an open world without guns and the like this game will be fine for you. If you are a more casual person this is not your game, especially for the price. I could'nt recommend this game to many of my friends, but I sure have had a fun time with it."
76561198080924651,Not Recommended,263280,10841361,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,kristoffon,"Neat and original simulation but, seriously, what's up with the camera? Absolutely, the worst camera controls of any game I have ever seen. The help doesn't help, took me half an hour to figure out how to rotate the crane grabber because, guess what, the controls aren't listed on the controls screen. And it goes on like this.Would have been great with some polish, this is far from the usability I expect from a full price, released game."
76561198039177980,Not Recommended,263280,11107758,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Niemeyer,ie can not play the game because of lag and low fps. fps is 1-2 and delay of 4 sec!!! othervise its a good game.
76561198134108704,Not Recommended,263280,11126754,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,mmo4life22,"Not sure at all what the hype is about this game.  If you like to get stuck in the mud every 20 or so feet and then have to restart over and over again, then I guess this could be fun for you.  However, if you like non-stop actiion, you will go out of your mind within 30 mins of complete frustration.  THIS IS NOT FUN!"
76561198014604094,Not Recommended,263280,16214911,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,JackJMW,Melts my computer
76561198017096698,Not Recommended,263280,16493115,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,rdkjaer,"I can't recommend this game. It's just to simple. Haul logs from A to B over short distances, on roads that will get you stuck in the mud. You get the option to use all wheel drive and lock the dif, start and stop the engine. Okay that's nice. Problem is that there is absolutely no reason NOT to use the all wheel drive and locked dif. at any time. So the option is pointless. You're truck won't go faster or turn better, no change at all. Since that's pretty much the main options in the game, it sucks! Also you don't get to choose what vehicles you'd like to use, and the equipment is limited imo.Imo there is a very limited game play here, and all though there are some mods out there, its still pretty much the same thing.. Haul logs, use or don't use locked dif. and all wheel drive.. And that's it! Just glad I got this game on a 50% discuent"
76561198111297499,Not Recommended,263280,16946932,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,rabrams152,my game keeps on crashing
76561198109194082,Not Recommended,263280,16943002,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Zuisinator,Very nice coop game BUT there's no possibility to save game progress. I would recommend if there was save in multiplayer game.
76561197994245329,Not Recommended,263280,16396374,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Psau,"Not really fun at all.  Crashes if you try to change to windowed mode.  Then you'll just be stuck in the middle of a field forever, regardless of what buttons you push."
76561198012443601,Not Recommended,263280,10734221,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ocean4769,i read all the great reviews and i bought this well at first was cool but then its hrs after hrs of the same thing i mean its pretty but some physics are messed up sometimes your truck gets thrown through the air randomly and then u realiz its the same thing with like 5 maps and nothing changes kinda wasted 30 dollars
,Not Recommended,263280,16914965,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Flying__Finn,Played this for a bit but and enjoyed it. Now there seems to be updates few and far between. That and the inability to even run the game anymore without it crashing before even opening.I will thumb this up if/when the devs get their acts together. Until then I have to leave it as a negative even though it is a fun game. When it ran.
,Not Recommended,263280,17099887,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Aleks Peh,"This game could be sooo good, really Spintires is so much fun to play, however, the totally crappy and fu++ed up camera ruins everything, really EVERYTHING, ... every positve aspect of the game.@Devs: Fire this sadistic person responsible for programming the camera quickest possible! *totalhate*@Devs2: Consider implementing a cockpit camera. A cockpit camera is a must-have in a game like this.@Devs3: Think about weather. And maybe think about letting players get out of the car. No ""crazy"" FPS-like controls, just plain simple movement around the truck for better orientation, or maybe even to let the player remove obstacles, or to fasten the winch, etc.@Devs4: Maybe you should remove all trucks from the maps ... of course, except the B-130. What else do you need? *sarcasm* No E-Truck on The Hill but four Bs, really? *facepalm*@Devs5: Dat game has soooo much potential. Bring it on, devs, bring it on!!Spintires in its current state really makes me wanna ... you know ... kind of apply massive pain to adorable little baby animals or something similar cute. So sad."
,Not Recommended,263280,10487556,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,TowlieBan,"This is a re-review. So much potential has now turned to nightmare, something im sure once looked good on pen & paper, even had the balls to show face, but in the end falls flat on it. Let this be a prime example of why EA games ARE a potential risk to the industry, purchase at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,263280,10613183,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[HG]The Jarl Doom,Still waiting on some real updates.
76561197962796338,Not Recommended,263280,10704536,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,skip,"Could be better. The main thing causing me to rage-quit every time I try to play is the camera angles. This probably has the worst in-game camera I've had to deal with in a long time, Don't even think about reversing with a trailer; it's incredibly frustrating when the camera spazzes-out and gives you an angle from behind a bullding. How about getting a top-down fixed camera mode for this situation?"
,Not Recommended,263280,15283152,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,=H=Jola,Great game that looks really good.The sad thing is that multiplayer is just not working. Game crashes and vehicles get stuck at the beginning. Very buggy multiplayer. Too bad :(
76561198112863655,Not Recommended,263280,15291664,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,_WuT_,this game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,263280,17178292,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Cpt.Vegas,"Good game as it is, but the prise is WAY to hige for the tiny amopunt you get of gameplay, its all just logs and not much fun. if you buy it beacuse of mods then ok, if not then not much fun. The devs are doing something, but it is going slowly as hell! if you devs read this; PLEASE GET YOUR HEAD OUT OF YOUR♥♥♥♥♥AND HURRY THE ♥♥♥♥ UP WITH EVEN THE TINY UPDATES!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198062540982,Not Recommended,263280,10971082,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,noksookao,"ORIGINALLY A POSITIVE REVIEW: NOW IT'S JUST A HORRIFIC JOKE. DO NOT BUY!!!Eh? A truck simulator where you drive generally less than 10mph and the objective is to deliver logs? Sounds like a boring pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥to me.I couldn't have been more wrong, this game is amazing. I don't even know what it is. The physics are amazing and getting from A to B is proper rewarding. The singleplayer can get a little tedious but with multiplayer, it's a reyt laugh.Looking forward to what's coming from this game but that's also where the only draw back occurs. It doesn't feel finished. The trucks look excellent, the water is awesome but the draw distance is slightly lacking. I didn't notice this for a while though  as the wheels had my attention because of how good they look. There's a few excellent maps but more maps and variation in biome would be better.Another complaint is how the game saves. You can only play one single player game at a time, starting another map will erase your previous efforts. There is no multiplayer saving as of yet, it would be nice if you could save maps like Minecraft worlds but it's possibe to get through a map in 2 hours with some help.There's a large selection of mods to sink your teeth into and I expect there'll be a lot more now the game has been fully released. However, mods don't work in multiplayer yet. The devs promise plenty of updates and free DLC to come.Overall it's an unexpected gem and apart from the fact it doesn't feel finished, the driving and physics are an excellent base to build upon. If you can talk a friend into buying a copy too, I wouldn't wait another second to buy this game. As a loner you might want to wait for the game to have a little more content. Oh! And the winch......sweet, beautiful winch."
,Not Recommended,263280,12425929,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Matrix30815,"I don't  recommend the game where I just completed one objective after 20 hours of play and 4 more maps to go. The devs do take a long time to update, will let you know after the update if the devs did anything. Update happened nothing major or minor bugs were taken care of. Also Omvee took control of spin tires without the publisher's permission. Don't Buy. The real publisher will make a better game then this and I will be getting on board. Omvee doesn't care. Look at how many locked forums just for trying critism againest spintires.http://www.oovee.co.uk/forum/forum/62-bugs-issues-spintires-full-game/. This is the worst copyright law breaker in the gaming industry. We don't get updates because they blocked the real publisher from getting them to steam. Look for news story on the web.See-https://steamcommunity.com/app/263280/discussions/0/622954023416537887"
76561198003591454,Not Recommended,263280,14283428,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Sparkle Motion,"I love the concept of this game, but the learning curve for the controls is too much for my attention span.  A better interface would have made the difference in a ""yes"" recomendation.  I can't flaw the physics or the visuals, but I can say that it's very obvious that's where 99% of the developers attention went leaving much to be desired with how all this beauty is delivered."
,Not Recommended,263280,18272400,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Foxy,Gettin bored with this game progressing 1 patch per year... once devs. start gettin serious about development ill change the vote.
76561198107189486,Not Recommended,263280,21490847,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Procrastinator,"I love this game but as of now you can't play for over 3 minutes before it crashes, I tried redownloading it but nothing works so hopefully in the next update you can actually play it"
76561197991758022,Not Recommended,263280,21513496,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ShaneM007,"SINCE LAST UPDATE THIS GAMES CRASHES within mins of starting, Unplayable at this point.  If you are having this probelm its not you or your pc.  Its the game itself. Either fix this or start refunding some cash.  Also to note my maps where gone also after the update and it want let me put them back into the game.  AGAIN fix this.  Either have a place in the workshop for maps also like you do the vehicles, this way they would work, ( well maybe work )... To top it off if you get the game to run and your using mods, even from the workshop 90% of the time the game will still crash.  Its pretty much a waste of space in my PC at this point.  And dont get me wrong when the game is right its right.  Very fun to play.  So basically what im saying to the devs is FIX IT, or go back to the last working version till you get the bugs out of this one.  Until its fixed i will not recommend this game to anyone. sorry Spintires"
76561197971894332,Not Recommended,263280,21893818,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,DodgeBullets,"OMG still no support for separate controllers.....I have a wheel, pedals and shifter all seperated brands and individualy connected to my pcSo i cant cant enjoy this ggood game with good phisics cause if i can turn, i cant shift, if can shift i cant turn but i cant acelerate and so on only one contrtoller....This game is all about wheel conttroller/pedals/shifters and i cant do it."
,Not Recommended,263280,10502848,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Erik Rommel,"The best open-world offroad game there is. Also has a brilliant coöp mode.9/10*update 24/12*Latest patch is a mess, and according to the news I would not recommend this game anymore.*update 6/2*Most recent patched ruined the game. Would defenitly NOT recommend it. This isn't the game that I wanted to buy anymore."
,Not Recommended,263280,13247303,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ayylmao,"I like this game, I really do, but that doesn't necessarily mean I recommend it. Unless you play in automatic which is not a very good idea, switching gears every time you need to reverse gets quite annoying, yet it does make the game more realistic. However, if you could just press a button to switch your gears the game would be improved very well. Another con about this game, it is so god darn hard to get out of the mud, water, and get out of a pile of trees. It is very realistic, I do realize that but it makes me angry and when I get angry at a game I just can't recommend it. But, there are some things I really like. The graphics are pretty good, ground deformation is amazing, variation of vehicles, stunning natural environments, and decent multiplayer cooperation. I was on the edge of recommending this game, but I just can't do it because the price is a little high for a game you get little enjoyable gameplay out of, and the fact that it's still a WIP.Update: Dec 27, 2015. I have done alot of logging in this game and in most maps, it tells you to reposition your truck to the point where once you get it right you're stuck. I will finally be able to load my logs and then magically a tree as thick as my finger with stop my 10 ton truck from moving an inch, making me have to quit the game out of pure unsatisfaction."
76561197971778575,Not Recommended,263280,34905665,Posted: 12 September,all,Dracholy,Game is dead why buy the new one to just have it die?
76561198025641760,Not Recommended,263280,28922352,Posted: 1 January,all,kevindriver,I have played for two hours. That is all. Wont be a third.
,Recommended,263280,29534643,Posted: 27 January,all,MSGT-KILLEM_ALL,fun game until your mouse disappears and have to play in windowed mode so that sucks if they could fix that i would have no problem with this game
76561198088767929,Not Recommended,263280,34958993,Posted: 14 September,all,jackryan529,Awkward Controls and just not fun especially with Timed missions.
76561198006120253,Recommended,263280,12757425,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Vintage_Green,"This Game/Sim Is Awesome, best most detailed Off-Road Sim to date, yes it isn't much right now you just attempt to do the same task on every map. The maps are diverse however and each offer very unique challenges to test your skill. I feel most of the time you can only blame yourself if you get stuck, other times it's just bad luck. Rarely is it the games fault, tho I wish there was more room at the lumber pickup zones but whatever.This game has alot of potential, to be more than just a simple log delivery sim, but the actual go to Off-Road simulator that everyone compares to. I do like the challenge tho but it's always nice to have diversity. amazing physics simulation, but the lack of Multiplayer save games is really disappointing.I hope for some racing modes and off road rock climbing modes, just throw it all in and let the community fill it with trucks, they would only need a few to get it going.I hope that Mod support in the Future allows for custom vehicles not to replace the normal in-game trucks. And Easier allows for online with those who also have it.4.5 points - game content.10  - graphics/physics and sound.8 - Gameplay5 - Presentation10 - Potential.10 - Doing something no-one else has done.Minus 5 points - Lack of Multiplayer save games.42.5 out of 50"
,Recommended,263280,28495605,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Fl4tLinr | unikrn.com,BEST. ♥♥♥♥ING. GAME. EVER.
76561198046567982,Recommended,263280,35093152,Posted: 20 September,all,LunchBox,Have played for awhile now. Like it. Alot more enjoyable with other players.
,Recommended,263280,22823383,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ᴋɪɴɢ ZiiR 王,"If you like mud and going offroad this is totally the game for you, multiplayer is really nice when you can help your friends if they get stuck and soo much more. like mods.So if you like offroad and mud. Buy it"
76561198026575527,Recommended,263280,22829120,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Colenor,"There was no Timebomb as so many people claim i have been able to play it no problem through the entire ""squable"" and the devs even explain what exactly happened with the ""timebomb"" in the news for this game.Announcement made by Zane Saxton""Comrade’s,We would like to apologise for the recent time-bomb related bug that prevented you from playing Spintires, it was totally unacceptable and we appreciate the frustration it must have caused you.A member of our community named ‘Localhost’ along with our Moderators had kindly provided you with a temporary fix that you could use whilst we continued to produce the official fix.Luckily we have now identified and fixed the bug which was not sabotage like some of the media suspected. The bug was identified by Pavel when running an older test build side-by-side with a newer build - it turns out it was some code that Pavel had invented to try and deal with piracy and DRM issues.""The game is a blast if you like offroading with a bunch of friends, and i have spent HOURS of great fun with my friends trying to get loads of logs from one end of the map to the other, and in my own opinion this game is a great game to play when you need to relax from all the fast paced action games we all know and love :P"
,Recommended,263280,22835966,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,monstafokker,Awesome game. Bit buggy in some places but is the closest thing you can find to real life. 9/10.
76561198061174945,Recommended,263280,22874040,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Silent But Beardly,Still a hell of a game. Doesnt get old
76561198047409520,Not Recommended,263280,35027193,Posted: 17 September,all,Big Smoke,Devs are thirsty for money and threw everyone under the bus
,Not Recommended,263280,33130353,Posted: 2 July,all,๖ۣۜG ʀ ʏ ғ,"Good idea, bad game. Setting is nice, but graphics are not. It's bugged, glitched, with really weird camera and mostly unplayable."
,Not Recommended,263280,32908738,Posted: 27 June,all,Nacho Stiglitz,"Spintires is a simulation games similar to Euro Truck Simulator, Farming Simulator, and other simulator games of that type. The main objective of the game is to deliver loads of logs from one part of the map to the other. To deliver these logs you have several different cold war era Russian military vehicles which can be modified with a plethora of different attackments form log loads to fuel tanks. Each vehicle has its pros and cons for different situations.The maps consist of basic themes which provide diffenet challenges from steep hills to a flood plain. One constant of these maps you will come to find is the pools of stagnant water you can easily drown your vehicle in and the waist deep mud you will constantly be getting stuck in. After playing the game and I mean actually playing the game you will see these obsticles as minor speed bumps and carry on as if they were not even an issue.Playing with other veteran players all the maps can be completed in around thirty minutes. That being said for beginners even playing with other beginners expect to be playing for hours and do not expect to finish the first map you play. When the game first came out and a friend and I started playing it took us upward of 5 hours to figure everything out and even then we didn't finish. This game is hard in the beginning but is simple to learn if you actually just sit and play the game.That being said.I would not buy this game now.Unless you wereA. Fine playing single player by your lonesome.B. Fine playing multiplayer with your lonesome.C. Fine playing multiplayer with people who don't speak the same language as you.D. Playing online with children who will quit within 5 minutes of starting the game.E. Playing this game with a bunch of useless mods.Unfortunately, since the steam mods became so easily available, this game has been plagued by, mostly children, wanting to ""go mudding,"" and ""rock crawling."" Which I don't give to ♥♥♥♥♥ about. I want to play this game as intended not with umpteen different itterations of a god damned pickup truck that cannot preform the task we are given because it cannot carry logs.I know I'm in the minority with this opinion and there is nothing I can say or do that will assuage my anger at this. So this is my way of venting my frustration, because I know this game is dead."
76561198256407521,Not Recommended,263280,25204575,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ottonician,my game will not load it will start to load for 5 seconds and then it crashes
,Not Recommended,263280,13548666,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"Ok, sure, I've only spent 20Mins with it, but I feel like I know if I like a game after 20mins or not. Well, in the case of Spintires, I don't like it. Maybe its just not the game for me, but frankly, I feel like the game just isn't good. The visual effects of mud, the games selling point, are down right awful. Really. There is only 7 trucks/cars, all of which are too slow to ever be fun. The game is kinda boring, too. Nothing to do. Maybe I left my adventure cap in the car, but really."
76561197969223268,Recommended,263280,10912031,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mulletmadness =DDD,Finally good offroad game!
76561198093047986,Recommended,263280,13691574,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Michaël,"I like this game a lot, it feels very real ( i can tell becose i work off-road all the time in real mud and snow ) and it lock's very nice!For more fun i use my pc/console steering wheel (Logitech G27) and it works perfect, just need to instal it correct XDThe game itself can be a bit boring afther a while when playing all by your self, this becose you are always basicly transporting log's from point A to point B.It is the trouble getting from A to B that makes this game fun, lot of problem solving and driving skills needed!Realistic Driving : 8/10   ( 'Dirt 3' would be 9 , no game is close to real driving/off-road in my appinion )( you realy need to know how to steer and drive in this game or you get stuck , -1 becose the 'diff-lock' mode is overkill effective. -1 'my Jeep has 50M no big deal'  in this game you maby make it to the other side of the road with the truck's towing line's. )Sound: 6/10( -3 when other player are close to you,  you wil not hear them driving around next to you or anything.  -1 the engine noise does not realy match with the real rpm of the engine or these truck's have some sort of cluth i do not about ? )Objective's / 'what you are trying to do': 5/10( -5 there is only 1 objective:   transport log's from Point A to point B.    there should be more mission )You like Off-Road Driving?,    this is the game to play!For al the 'Jeep' fans out there playing this game:  I see you where the road ends and the fun begins!  XD"
,Recommended,263280,13676220,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Smousie,"Awesome game, developers just need to keep on top of updates and fixes. There is so much more potential."
76561198093226040,Recommended,263280,13706487,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Legend736,i love spin tires if u love trucks and simulation you will love this game because it is the best off road lummber trucking u can every experiance in a game in 2014 and i love spin tires but there are only a few maps and i wish they can add more soon hopefully it happens
76561198082759653,Recommended,263280,13509852,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dogelorde,"This game is fun, if you like driving trucks around."
76561198143135990,Recommended,263280,24005406,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Charles,GREAT GAME BUY IT
76561197970984664,Recommended,263280,13510279,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,eggman,"Once you get a load of lumber onto the truck it's a fighting for every meter through the mud. Not delivered a single load so far, in fact I only managed to fight my way out of the lumber yard once, as the mud was so deep it would have reached my chest.Should mention that camera control is quite horrible at the moment."
76561197972525995,Recommended,263280,12163062,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Col158,Amazing game!
,Recommended,263280,10561461,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,planetmatt,"Big trucks, deep mud, challenging yet accessible.  Relaxing yet addictive.  Buy it"
76561198233619892,Recommended,263280,20758603,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,JD Pressler,it need mods maps     fix crash         better truck         please read<---------^lll
76561198128340636,Recommended,263280,11515248,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,DatRandomGuy132,"If you like the old russian military trucks and logging, this is a game you would enjoy. The physics and graphics absolutely EPIC and everything performs so realisticly. I would definately recomend this game for anyone who wants an EPICLY AMAZING offroading experience"
76561198028513363,Recommended,263280,10812924,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mr X,Mud fun
76561198125891025,Recommended,263280,20564993,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Gman30( Aka FaZe Slime),I LIKE OFFROUDING ALOT IN THIS GAVME
76561198113324005,Recommended,263280,15102889,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,OWO,this game is epic
76561198080961167,Recommended,263280,20666432,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,nnabber,Simply Awesome with nice graphics and sound!!!Nice mods and maps on the internet thanks to active community.The modern car /motorbike mods should be banned.....they make the game look rediculious.
,Not Recommended,263280,19379442,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,mr-therm,"I had to get a refund for this game.-It's UI is clunky and disorganised-Crashes-Maps gives errors-No way near where it needs to be to be classified as a full release game.I was bitterly dissapointed by this, i love the premise and could imagine myself playing on this for hours, but the lack of updates and proper game mechanics have made me get a refund for the game.For the price it needs a lot more content."
76561198261297717,Not Recommended,263280,19590716,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,suburbanlassie1,it has stopped working i just wasted 39 buck this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198038166808,Not Recommended,263280,19690648,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Coconut,"I understand it's an early acces game, but after just 10 minutes, I got bored. It lack allot of features such as a storymode/campaign. There's no point to the game, no ending.Cars go too slow even on solid ground. I'm sorry, but until they add new feautres to this game, I wouldn't recomend it to anyone."
76561198274241585,Not Recommended,263280,20487620,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,edgecrusher23,"bought the game awesome, love it, tried mods to use some other vehicles game crashed cant reload steam and now my computer is all messed up any ideas, and just a note, when you make something like this you should make the functions of the game simple and easy not complicated and mods that dont work and yes i have a good computer with plenty of anything needed for the game i recommend just sticking with the game full version and not trying anything else until the makers realize what needed to be done and offer a simple working version with all vehicles on x box 1 or ps4 then i will play it again but as of now im pretty much set on getting a refund until all the problems are fixed and again its not the modders or their trucks, they work well if you have a good computer i recommend  3.5ghz,  8GB ram, high speed hard drive and a video card with dedicated 1GB ram it will work smooth as butter the issue is complications in the vehicle list which should be simple and they did not make it that way but all this download and copy and paste meshes, textures, classes and stuff is too much for people who just want a good game experience so it should have more than 5 trucks with that being said i love the game been waiting for this for 20 years but it got screwed up with the mod crap should be just simple use i hope they fix it but im gonna wait for x box one this is ridiculous and really no customer support unless you want to send a email and wait for a sarcastic reply treating customers like we are idiots when we just want a decent list of vehicles thats it and not spend weeks re installing because crashed software and believe me i followed it by the book from ovee and for the exact version i have and it still didnt work so that sucks!!"
,Not Recommended,263280,20521584,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,SgtJames101,The only reason I still play this game is for the offroading and the workshop content other than that not a very good game. every time it updates it erases any progress youve had and will even cause it to crash
,Not Recommended,263280,20566020,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Shooter Swag,"It's fun for a while, but the problems with the camera angles and lighting issues are too frustrating.  The game and mechanics of the driving (through mud) are excellent.  The tasks of hauling equipment/logs/etc. are fun and challenging.But the game decides to choose what angle you will view, even after you set the view.  The view constantly changes every 5-10 seconds even after setting it; the battle isn't the mud, but the angle of which you're looking down the path or at your vehicle.  I find myself cursing at the game, not b/c I'm stuck, but b/c it keeps changing the damn view on me.  On top of that, when you try to move your mouse around to get a better angle (after the game decides to move it on you for the 1,000th time), it's an awkward, stupid way of adjusting the view...it just makes no sense and causes more frustration.Another issue I found was lighting at night.  In certain spots of the map, it became pitch black even with the headlights on.  To clarify, I don't mean dark 20 or 30 feet around the vehicle (that's realistic), I mean 2 - 3 feet, in front of the vehicle, with headlights on.  I could not get out of a wooded area simply b/c everything around the vehicle was complete black - just a couple of feet away (with headlights on AND then trying the auxiliary lights which light up the area surrounding the truck).  Nope...couldn't see anything.  Not even the trees rubbing against the truck and keeping me locked in....At full price, I cannot recommend it.  If it's on sale, get it.  It IS enjoyable for a while, but the current issues cause more frustration than it's worth."
76561198268700111,Not Recommended,263280,20617443,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,H2Ofurious,cant even play this anymore. crashes everytime
76561197968364103,Not Recommended,263280,19796834,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,paul,"I'd lke to like this game. But if for whatever reason my system takes me back to the desktop mid game, the progress is lost and a message comes up saying something along the lines of ""the game is unable to read"" the save file. So back to square one again. This gets quite tiresome after a while...."
,Not Recommended,263280,20010414,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Shinso0,crane is satan
76561198085370920,Recommended,263280,19947198,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Banana - YouTube,"Amazing game. With lots of awesome trucks, Racing wheel support, nice graphics, online multyplayer, and BEWILDERING dirt phisics this game is very fun. the only bad thing about the game is the camera manipulation/angles - its hard to get a good view sometimes and sometimes see where you are going. Overall great game, you should try it."
,Not Recommended,263280,21323277,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,[EMC²] Greenies,"It is fun in singleplayer, but it constantly crashes in multiplayer. I would wait before getting this."
,Recommended,263280,21117063,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,DumBass ✌0_o [A.],Игра в целом не плоха но есть минус можно создавать и играть только с одной страны а не межрасовое порно !!! и сновыми добавлениями игра все супер и супер
,Recommended,263280,10546543,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Babadook,Probably the best free roam vehicle based game made!!!
,Recommended,263280,23024173,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,AkuaReef,hella dope for a truck simulator
,Recommended,263280,11671450,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Bartle-Doo,One of my all time favorite games. Defianetly worth the 30$.Also hear dlc is close to come!
,Recommended,263280,11084576,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Boohooimsad,"If you are 7 years old, this game will blow your socks off. 10/10"
76561198150840777,Recommended,263280,14733697,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,LAWNMAN,this game is really goooooooooooood get thengame it is really goooood.
,Recommended,263280,14744324,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,snorrrs,Mud physics simulator!
76561198082468064,Recommended,263280,14727217,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Ruben,a workshop would be nice
76561198016591197,Recommended,263280,14685891,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,HCARB,A Must with Buddys ! Great  mulit
,Recommended,263280,14703740,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Malabs2017,i recommend this game because i had fun playing it.
76561198120383772,Recommended,263280,14768862,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,jordan,you guy suck♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197976405171,Not Recommended,263280,13292737,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Pestie,I got it for $100 and I didn't enjoy it. The game was just frustrating.
,Recommended,263280,10460814,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Outlaw,I was driving along and got stuck in the mud.10/10 would get stuck again.
76561198114983267,Recommended,263280,11006403,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,superpat89,Awesome.
76561198272281400,Recommended,263280,20252834,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,[8-BIT]LiMeYMuLcH,"Spin tyres!Yes its a great game but there could be alot more done for game, i may only be able to add  in mods and play the game but if there were alot better maps and in cab views ect the game would be of the chart for me but yes its very fun to play and i would really recommend it any one who likes off roading and sim games"
,Recommended,263280,13153045,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,[E.FF]Thadwookie,"DONT BUT FOR MULTIPLAYER.Game was ment for singleplayer multi was hotfixed in to sell it as an option for the game. Multiplayer sucks, if a host leaves the game sesssion is terminated, and ssome games can last for hrs, without a possibility of being saved, You cannot see any other players vehicles they're not currently in so you can imagine the upset one goes through during some games.. The systems just aren't there that you would expect from a modern world game.Single player: it's a blast but gets kind of boring, i love the game but i love playing with other drivers too it adds the teamwork element to it which i love doing.6/10"
76561198314170473,Recommended,263280,26609175,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,tc97003,this game is very good and i very recommend this game.
76561198079541539,Recommended,263280,10573824,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,...,"""Just the best"" -Paul Chuckle 2k14"
76561198017632588,Recommended,263280,10456307,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Paganist668,"Cool game.UPDATE 24 dec 2014:YES! g27 support works great now! this is everything i could have hoped for, for now.For a relatively cheap game, this delivers a lot of beauty and fun and epic physics! Plough the mud and enjoy the slow ride, trying not to get stuck -- or pull our your buddies in multiplayer mode.Next version would have to have more user friendly introduction to the game and a more open multi player world, and 1000s of different missions randomly generatable :)Merry xmas to all the devs who have worked on it!"
76561198104414295,Recommended,263280,15892700,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Beanbop1,Amazing gamePros:Insanely realisticLarge mapsInteresting new idea for gamesCons:Gets old after a while but i always feel myself coming bask to it for a few days at a timeConclusion:If you are really into offroading like i am i highly suggest this game to you.If you arent really into offroading i would still recommend this game to you but you may want to consider finding it on sale.But who knows one of my good friends had never stepped into an offroader and still loved this game.
76561197993764331,Recommended,263280,13574774,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TonyDanzah,game not loading and crashing with the pit update
76561198105903134,Recommended,263280,22166281,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,tiffanydshives,i love this game i got it on easter and i played it and loved it
76561198287146388,Not Recommended,263280,21559148,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,jakeketler,this game givesso manyviruses id like my money back now
76561198152068808,Recommended,263280,19295397,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,A Stephen,Hilarious with friends legit neally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself.
76561198257607248,Recommended,263280,25203360,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Mkgaming+,"Best off road game.One of the best communities around.If ""off-raoding"" isnt really your thing then this is not the game for you."
76561198310316573,Recommended,263280,25256268,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,aaron.cilia136,excellent
76561198254517744,Recommended,263280,25274612,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,pandaman,Good off road game
,Recommended,263280,16416569,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Wade Wilson,"Excellent offroad sim, my only gripe is the lack of different objectives. Dev keeps adding vehicles but what the game needs is different objectives and/or maps.Save the effort and simply add an ambulance and set an objective as to rescue people at one of the cabins already in the game. Wouldn't take that long to code and it would add another hour of game play to each map.The dev however is more focused on adding vehicles and whole new maps than simply using the excellent maps they already have and adding things to do on them."
,Recommended,263280,13505181,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Zane,need a spotter
,Recommended,263280,13504544,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ass Grinder,"If you like trucks or off road♥♥♥♥♥♥at all, this game ♥♥♥♥ing rocks."
76561197999738444,Not Recommended,263280,24439113,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,luktan,"This game had so much potential but from what I've read, the developers have gone off the rails.Could've been somethign really good, but not as it is- bit boring after a while...."
11262112621126211,Recommended,263280,20021725,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,JeefCake,"I do gotta say thisWorth my moneyPlay it almost every dayRecovering trucks, Doing missions, and what else to doVery fun! I recommend!"
76561198099660375,Recommended,263280,10578605,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,thescruffmuffin,This game is excellent fun. I think it needs some more things to do in the game but I am still really happy with it :)
76561198205598735,Recommended,263280,21345419,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,KIRBY481,awesome
,Recommended,263280,16676490,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Jonas Brothers are not bad,"This game is so far the most realistic off road simulator EVER, the fact that you can create your maps so easily and share it with others and play online, help each other out on steep narrow hills with curves is so much fun! 10/10"
76561198120338362,Recommended,263280,21343258,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,JeTTer,good
,Recommended,263280,10577722,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ac3 Bloo,GREAT GAME
76561198009722620,Recommended,263280,10562470,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Captain Obvious,Got my jeep stuck in the mud for 20 minutes.  4/4
76561198085689465,Recommended,263280,10574825,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,FoxyFatal,one of the best game i have ever played
76561198127718182,Recommended,263280,10573698,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,r^USH,AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:) GET IT NOW
,Recommended,263280,15304515,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Alieu,Amazing Game For Hardcore Gamers If You Like Farming Sim Or Anything To Do With Vierchals And Mud This Game Will Be For You Amazing Game 5 stars Its Worth Every Penny :D
76561198084478636,Recommended,263280,15313085,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,jasonscamman,this game is great
76561198118339504,Recommended,263280,15313335,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,delusionn,AWESOME
,Recommended,263280,15314269,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,InsideByte,"The last update messed the game upfor me, all the menues are doubled on the screen and its all black, im running on a ATI radeon HD5850 gigabyte oc 1gb running the latest stable drivers, please please fix......."
76561198104689389,Recommended,263280,15163502,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Wilkes,"Great Game, not worth $30.00"
,Recommended,263280,16381872,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mary Jane,i hooked a winch on to a tree and pulled my truck on top if it detached the winch and i got flung about 20 feet 10/10 would do it again and you knock down trees :)
76561198142357112,Recommended,263280,16236425,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,reed,Good simulator fun to play could do with some more  different types off terrain but would rocomend it if you like 4x4
,Recommended,263280,12155948,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Ginger Ninja,this is a great game and i love it
,Recommended,263280,10778088,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Newhill20,This Game Is actually amazing! It has Great Potential!!
76561198075025063,Recommended,263280,10779817,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,pgary_1723,great game 10/10.
,Recommended,263280,10784731,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Angry Weasel,You get to drive the Pride and glory of Russia through thick mud and deep raging rivers. The ground will morph and move as you slog perilously just to move a stack of logs to the other side of the map. What would seem basic will provide a sizable chunk of fun.I would have liked to see better control options and the lobby system that is in the game currently needs some work.Go forth and spin tires.
76561198092058986,Recommended,263280,10789442,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,tokyomaru2,awsome fun but needs some expansions to be perfect but otherwise love it and cant stop playing it
,Recommended,263280,10789504,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Magoo,"Probably THE best off-road game!While textures are at the lower end what makes this game really shine is its physics engine.Currently it only have five maps and a handful of Russian vehicles but listening to the developers more will be added in DLCs.Multiplayer while working lacks some key features such as voice communication, full environment sync and the ability to save the game. The later is rather important seeing as how a mission can take a few hours to complete.Mind you though, this is NOT a driving game in the sense that you need a steering wheel, keyboard and mouse control is the preferred method of control for most players."
,Recommended,263280,10587406,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,amateur,Best game ever made
76561198070312719,Recommended,263280,10472219,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Kaffa killing bush soldier,.
,Recommended,263280,11848075,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Zero Victor,"Drive in mud. Get stuck in mud. Attempt to climb out of mud. Get another truck to pull your first truck out of mud. Roll over said truck trying to save first truck. Hit keyboard with forehead in frustration. A game about getting stuck while driving in mud, so you can drive through the mud some more.Looks great, is challenging, and it eats up a lot of time. It can be satisfying while at the same time incredibly frustrating. It runs pretty smoothly on my laptop and looks great. Mud actually is a physical entity as opposed to most games, which typically just use a flat surface with a texture painted over it. You can get stuck in it, and if you're not careful, dig yourself into it. I spent about an hour at one point trying to manuver out of a mud pit. Before then, I also managed to flip my truck into a river and rescue it with another truck via the winch, which took about half an hour.It can be challenging, but with enough patience, it can also be fun and satisfying."
,Recommended,263280,11004114,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,WhiskeyGolf,"sgood, hard muddy, just like skrime"
76561197967053756,Not Recommended,263280,13507944,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,The Silver Shroud,waste of money.  drive 50 meters in game and can't go anywhere or do anything..   don't bother downloading it..
,Not Recommended,263280,17814087,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,ARay,"Has all the makings to be a really fun game for folks that like offroading, but a couple things are holding it back.First ... it has the most annoying camera control of any game ever past, present, future and in all other dimensions. There should be an award for how annoying it isSecondly is that mods are a little tricky to work and a bit of a pain for multiplayer, though it's still very do-able it can also be a huge headache.If they would just sell the game to any studio other than EA this game could take off and run as amazing. Till then it gets a thumb down."
76561198100807752,Recommended,263280,10577071,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Gordon,how to play
,Recommended,263280,10579883,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SHADOW,Very cool game nice to play and some fun online in coop en look very good
76561198175267687,Recommended,263280,17072279,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Voyevoda,One of the best offroad games so far
76561198193893489,Recommended,263280,17075222,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,WarbeastWarlock,"A great game with only 1 downside, and thats the camera..."
76561198090902233,Recommended,263280,13698592,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,austinhutto1,great game
76561198216647832,Recommended,263280,17056595,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Black_pantha01,"i need help, every time i try to start up the geme it comes up with ""oops spintires crashed!!"" how do i fix it? what do i do?"
76561197977417665,Recommended,263280,17097384,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Monster,amazing!!!! best offroad realistic game ever
76561198138029796,Recommended,263280,13703861,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Woltiv,"Very good, awesome graphics, tempting challenges. not very much content though, but they're working on it. i recomend you buy this on a sale, 30$ to me doesnt seem like a good price. but i do give this game a 8/10"
76561198081393386,Recommended,263280,17065899,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,jake2792,
76561197994217392,Recommended,263280,24006697,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Shunziji,"Farming simulator as its best, but only the part that hurts. I love it.Would recommand to play with a steering wheel."
,Not Recommended,263280,29932075,Posted: 14 February,all,SUBUSNIPER12,"this game if fun ""for a day"" and lags so much with saving files"
76561198025189811,Recommended,263280,29000767,Posted: 4 January,all,ReaperMadness,Its a gota have
,Recommended,263280,28220128,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,rowan liversidge,good game
,Recommended,263280,26422854,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,✪StangTharax,"Great game, Mod community is great, but only a few mods allow achievements, even though they are even mods"
76561198263123357,Recommended,263280,29486431,Posted: 25 January,all,MrAwesome7123 Gaming,AWESOME IF YOU LIKE OFF ROADING
,Recommended,263280,25888656,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,820,Best offroad simulator.
76561198196294854,Recommended,263280,29486239,Posted: 25 January,all,calebbauman3,One of the best gamesI have ever played
76561198517359621,Not Recommended,263280,29870233,Posted: 12 February,all,Juan  Fangio,"What a piece of cr*p!. How anybody gave this game a positive rating is beyond me. Installed and tried to configure my wheel. No matter what I do the truck reverse by default, I have to press the accelerator pedal to make it stop and the clutch pedal to make it go foward. Tried inverting, assigning other input but nothing works. Eventually I could not even go to control settings since it would not recognize the mouse.UTTER WASTE OF MONEY!"
76561198365580709,Recommended,263280,29895217,Posted: 13 February,all,codyabrown1996,looking to play multiplayer with anyone and trying to get new maps can anyone help me with that?
76561198295922783,Not Recommended,263280,29678104,Posted: 3 February,all,chevrolet /=::=/,why the frick cant you get spintires editer so amny people have it it wont let me why just tell me this is stupid
76561198308468420,Recommended,263280,24428376,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Nobby14,very gd
76561198379002461,Recommended,263280,31284463,Posted: 21 April,all,jonathannestor1,how to do a guide
76561198075824066,Recommended,263280,31234347,Posted: 19 April,all,KidYamiR6,Nice Game!
,Not Recommended,263280,16401763,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Spenner,WHAT A LAME GAME
76561198132227003,Not Recommended,263280,16393366,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,wildbilljordan,Too buggy! I really wanted to like the game. I played for 5 minutes and it crashed...rebooted system 4 or 5 times hoping to play again. I could never get the game to run. I promptly requested a refund.
76561198084674544,Recommended,263280,19148293,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Typhoonator,"Honestly, it is a great game. My only problem with it is, it takes forever to get ANYWHERE or get anything in the game. It is a difficult game to be sure, yet I would reccommend it to those who are playing simulation sandboxes and are looking something different from the normal fps."
,Not Recommended,263280,30308530,Posted: 3 March,all,SaVage*,♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,263280,14922291,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,SergyC,Spintire where you do off-road and get stuck. 911/10
76561197993770655,Recommended,263280,18924166,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,PvtStash,"I got mud on me, it was good."
76561198256516034,Recommended,263280,18704377,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Mathias1377,fun game just wish had more pickups in it
76561198076860662,Recommended,263280,18093059,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ALASTAR,where are the new cars trucks its a cool game but we need a workshop added to this game becouse you arnt makeing new automobiles anymore
76561198047493028,Recommended,263280,18074455,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,FireZorgZ,This game is cool and should be played by evryone but has some bad stuff like buys and other stuff by still good and easy to play
76561198245027488,Recommended,263280,18085201,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Domm,"great games need more trucks  and needs more garges and add ons, best game ever"
76561198192651002,Recommended,263280,15569054,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Dalton,Help Me.... When I Try To Open Spintires It Opens And Closes????? ):
76561198120840984,Recommended,263280,24627792,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,TheFrozenSnowman,Fun game wish it ssupported ma thou
76561198075227633,Not Recommended,263280,33020494,Posted: 29 June,all,coltplaysmc,For some resone this game will  NOT!! Let me run the game to be abel to play.It's ♥♥♥♥ing bull♥♥♥♥♥♥it's slow as ♥♥♥♥ dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!! .
76561198243118216,Recommended,263280,22092741,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,DIESEL,AMAZING GAME
,Recommended,263280,22129791,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Fluffy Lemons,amazing gae! would recommend to anyne who loves driving big trucks in mud. 10/10 will play agan
76561198096260301,Recommended,263280,22141786,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Fischer,Awesome game with plenty of mods to keep anyone happy.
,Recommended,263280,22042841,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,RozCat,Can't get any traction
76561198213201627,Recommended,263280,22069456,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,alyssacook94,I waited a long for a long time for this game. I was beyond impressed with it!
76561198222829456,Recommended,263280,22082292,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,denzellderochers,i love the game but you should make it were your a person and you can get out of the trucks and walk around
,Recommended,263280,22023542,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,DW.ICOST[danang],"For enthusiasts of off-road game, a game of russian I recommend, in addition to the quality of light that game, this game your adrenaline boost, with the support of the many existing mod can memainan this game without being bored."
76561198293407293,Recommended,263280,22052726,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,motocross3699,Amazing game.
76561198139906685,Recommended,263280,22053046,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,TheFalcon,Great game when modded :P
,Recommended,263280,22071544,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Omland,"Tough games .. with good integration of mod,game may need additional / alternative game types.It's a little few maps, although the maps are varied."
76561198103340030,Recommended,263280,22090199,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,joshpatzer2,"one of the best games/simulators i have played. however the poor views offered at times cant really make a guiy mad. and the constant crashing of the game when you try to get into a match with other people is just irritating as hell. for $30 i would have expected the game to be stable in all play modes, especially in multiplayer."
76561198064789606,Recommended,263280,22094059,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,ACHILLES,difficult to understand but nice game
76561198148537790,Recommended,263280,22104129,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,AnthonyCoolCat,I highly recommend this game if you are into mud and trails trucks. This Game has great mods and also great maps and more. They update the game to make it more better. What I really mean is you get the money worth out of this game and the developer don't milk you for your money
76561198128204997,Recommended,263280,22146499,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,The Little Demon,amasing
,Recommended,263280,18844167,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Fishable,This is a Must Buy!
,Recommended,263280,13120802,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,eXtory,Carry timber for MOTHER RUSSIA!
,Recommended,263280,11362995,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,BEATZ,addictive!
76561198097062795,Recommended,263280,13830183,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,dark1,very very good game if you like driving simulation game likeeurotruck simulation and so on i would recomend this if you like those sorts of games.
,Recommended,263280,13830487,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Wan,Graphic and feel of driving are realistic
76561198065578406,Not Recommended,263280,13256333,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Hilljarn,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. 3rd person and no support for wheelcontrollers. waste of my money. I want my money back!!this is ok if you are nerd who like play arcadegames with pad controllers. not for me who want remember army times and drive ural and tatra in the forest.
,Recommended,263280,10462056,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,| Sam Hastty | Boostin',best game ever
76561198276155326,Recommended,263280,24392050,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,ttower,"I am very impressed with this game in many ways. The graphics are great and functions very well. Loading times are so fast it is unbelivable (on first startup, the game loaded within 4 seconds). and the Gameplay itself is fun, trying to remove cloaks to open up the map is challenging and fun. Trying to plan out a route that you think will work, and doing it without misfortune, adds a little bit realism, as things very often can go wrong.However, it seems to most, that the devs, OOVEE, have pretty much abandoned the game, and that all of its popularity comes from mods for new maps and trucks. I do agree in a way. There is only 8 small maps, and a limited selection of vehicles, and while mods do fix this problem, modding is not something some people like to do. So, and it does have Workshop support, if you dont like to download or use mods, you may want to consider this before purchasing. I do still recommend the game, but only with modding. It is fine without mods for a while, but can get boring. Mods will fix that, as they did for me, but some may think of this as cheating on the developers part, relying on the modding community to support their game."
,Recommended,263280,15333695,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Mr Balloonicorn,"Boot up a server so me and a buddy who just got the game can play together.Me:""Okay, Now whatever you do, dont get stuck somewhere imposible to get to.""Friend: ""Got it""...minutes later...Friend: ""Halp, im upside down at teh bottom of a hill in a buncha stumps sinking into mud!"" D:...45 minutes of winching and spinnin tires...Friend: ""Kay im free, c u l8r""""b... but im stuck now."" T^T10/10 would spin tires again."
76561198048334742,Recommended,263280,10615495,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Postman,"Good fun, especially with multiplayer.  nice graphics too"
76561198040486775,Recommended,263280,11941532,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,The G Sams,Stuck in The Mud Simulator 2014.10/10
76561198021884946,Recommended,263280,10492284,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,mattyeatsmatts,The physics are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic
,Recommended,263280,14707544,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,DeathDXC,What in the utter phoque. <--That explains this game pretty well...
76561198112556917,Recommended,263280,11907570,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,◄♣▒RâzóR▒♦►,You Need Some Dlc
,Recommended,263280,11282881,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Attack Helicopter | CSGOGem.com,good mudgood modsgood gamegood everythinggood stuffbad camerahit.a.tree.cuz.of.camera/10
76561198202140508,Recommended,263280,14371234,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,The Asian Boy,best trucking game
,Recommended,263280,16634531,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,EvilAngel,This game is so realistic *_*It became one of my favourite sim/driving games :)I really want to thank the devs for creating this wonderfull gameKeep on going and i hope you add more trucks9/10 graphics specially mud physics :38/10 gameplayWould recommend (Y)
,Recommended,263280,11053936,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,PissedOffBear,"Great Game only thing I hate is the camera view but everything else I have to say is great, at first I was so pist but then when I learned how to play it was great. :)"
76561198186622146,Recommended,263280,22007242,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,YourAverageCouchPotato,it wont let me install mods from workshop. its so annyoing!
76561198162166584,Recommended,263280,24220676,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,xXXRUNUPONMEXXx,"great game, great use of plysics and realism."
76561198272666362,Recommended,263280,24207634,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Major Mudd,"Found SpinTires via a youtube video. The physics is what got me. I didthis in RL for many years and can't anymore. This has brought all that fun and excitement right back into my life and i love it. I do 3d modeling , create vehicles for secondlife. I have over 12,000 members in my group there. I post pics and notices about this game all the time. Anyone looking to just get out and trail ride or do some extreme rock crawling like I prefer. THIS IS WHERE IT'S AT. See ya on the trail.(Hold my beer and watch this)"
76561198069934220,Recommended,263280,10489925,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,gymfreak,"wicked game, can't wait for dlc"
,Recommended,263280,10486894,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Basketball American,lot of fun
76561198096239477,Recommended,263280,32116101,Posted: 1 June,all,dunlap_nathan,"I hate how much it relies on being connected to steam in single player. The camera is also almost useless, other than that, it's fantastic."
76561198165305535,Recommended,263280,24792995,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,SoundsLikeV8,oovee sucks
76561198031103220,Not Recommended,263280,24786448,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Braldt,NO NEW UPDATES   EVER!!!!
,Recommended,263280,32143197,Posted: 2 June,all,whereswaffalo,best game!
,Recommended,263280,11119322,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Kairos Senpai,I love it!  It's just a relaxing experience with very little pressure.
76561198195896667,Recommended,263280,32307578,Posted: 9 June,all,r1king,uujj
76561198305493460,Not Recommended,263280,25361713,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,jedikiah484,takes too long to load and somtimes crashes dont think its worth £20 but its ok just wish it was better and load more quiker takes at least 10 minites
,Recommended,263280,31827615,Posted: 18 May,all,lonemuffin,"I used to always play this game, but now everytime i open it up it shows a white half circle at the bottom of the screen and a orange oval in the middle of the screen. Any input on what this is would be great. It also doesnt show that the proving ground is there and every time it try to load a map it says file broken/missing. The only reason that I am giving this game a thumbs up right now is because it is a great game when it works. Right now I can't play it."
76561198344400326,Not Recommended,263280,32789734,Posted: 25 June,all,chriscynthiafl,this game sucks all it does is glitch the whole time i play it
76561198053495862,Recommended,263280,31854398,Posted: 19 May,all,ShevRoLay,MURICA!! *bald eagle screech*
76561198013538065,Recommended,263280,10502623,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Atomicdeath,"Awesome game is Awesome.If you like Offroading with big Russian trucks, this is the game for you.Only sad thing is they need to add something other than moving logs around, and add some form of saving for multiplayer."
76561197999777362,Recommended,263280,32710669,Posted: 23 June,all,jakec760,If you like the idea of hauling logs through feet of mud with old soviet trucks for hours you will love this game
76561198293008123,Recommended,263280,24442659,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Lifted GMC,i think i got hacked and now i cant play it can someone help me plz
,Recommended,263280,33041210,Posted: 30 June,all,✖ Kalash Criminel™,So nice with friends !But the camera view it so bad.
,Recommended,263280,33070683,Posted: 30 June,all,YoTa,TAKIS ABIS!!!!
76561198348001796,Not Recommended,263280,32818601,Posted: 26 June,all,Stimpy,Not even worth it if it was free.
76561198121286563,Recommended,263280,20274727,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,dodge ram 1500 longhorn ed,good and muddin'
76561198196534546,Recommended,263280,32874071,Posted: 27 June,all,☛ Bogy CS.MONEY,funny
,Recommended,263280,33155699,Posted: 2 July,all,THE MAFIA BROTHERS / TMB,edsadesd
76561198381845301,Not Recommended,263280,33103877,Posted: 1 July,all,errdaytoker911,it ♥♥♥♥ed up and uninstalled itself
,Recommended,263280,33073782,Posted: 1 July,all,BaKaPoN,Stuck in the mud never been this fun.9/10 Would stuck again.
76561198400689124,Not Recommended,263280,33265313,Posted: 5 July,all,Senutyenool,"Useless, no 'first person' camera.  That is you CAN NOT see directly in front of you when driving (eg, ETS, ATS) so every obstacle you approach you CAN NOT make an accurate evaluation of which is the best path to take, hence making the game useless.Forgot to mention, came from WoT (Tanks not Trucks) which I played for over 5 years, so 0.3 hours is more than enough to work out that this is useless.Cheers"
,Recommended,263280,19963485,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Greg,Amazing game 5 starts
,Recommended,263280,19981946,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,my name jeff,noice
,Recommended,263280,19987418,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Shady_The_Slim,Get your truck stuck in mud sim 201510/10 would get stuck in lumpy old mud again
76561198261034273,Recommended,263280,23523180,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,dar white,i really like this game and would recomed it to other people
76561198101428720,Recommended,263280,31757073,Posted: 14 May,all,SquatchHunter,"Now you will know what it's like for the courageous Russian lumberjacks of the north to battle mud and exhausting, soul crushing mistakes day-in and day-out in.........SPINTIRES!-Numerous maps, trucks, and options as you tailor your fleet of forest nightmares for optimum load delivery!-Play with friends! Becuase who likes offroading more then your cousin Klem? Your FRIENDS!-Friendly, simple controls and mechanics so you can spend more time getting stuck! And getting UNSTUCK!-Useful and routine updates keep you coming back, just like infomercials! I don't know what it is, but I WANT it!-Relaxing enviroments that will almost make you feel bad for processing the timbers for copier paper.-Do you like mods? Well guess what? WE GOT MODS!10/10 Game that hasn't been abandoned like others you see these days."
,Recommended,263280,31788302,Posted: 16 May,all,SgtVipus,the havok engine is fantastic it a simple but challenging game for anyone who likes offroading the camera controls/view are a bit odd but a really good game
,Recommended,263280,23390642,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Dangerous Tangerine,Siberian man with a mud fetish decides to get down & dirty
76561198301512954,Recommended,263280,23492957,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,southernhunter156,best game ever
76561198280001338,Recommended,263280,23336021,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,pc gamer in 2016,this is the best game i bought in a long time :D
76561198130396801,Recommended,263280,23352345,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Zaboomfoo67,i ♥♥♥♥ing love it man
,Recommended,263280,23353129,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,anthonymathey21,it is so fun
76561198168837410,Recommended,263280,23363076,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,GetSomeBaby,"Try to winch my friend out of a muddy river,get launched miles as soon winches are hooked up....this is how yuri gagarin got famous"
,Recommended,263280,23365260,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Insanity LFT,this game is sick
76561198259783242,Recommended,263280,23423323,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,alexfield97,Great game to play when bored... Can keep you busy doing pretty much nothing for hours....Good Fun would reccomned
76561198258642010,Recommended,263280,23446229,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,KDOGGERDOG23,can you tell me how to get fps like tomcat9700 plz
76561198123333305,Recommended,263280,23454335,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Dill,bit shame about the wheel not really turning around =) but graphis are brillant  ill give this  10/10
76561198282015259,Recommended,263280,23473275,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,soccer015d,great game with amazing mods
76561198132537117,Recommended,263280,23348726,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,green shadow,i like it!
,Recommended,263280,23405613,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,(LJX) Skiddy Skyline,Anyone want to play with me im not russian im dutch and i speak very well english add me and we will play okay?
76561197968815007,Recommended,263280,23515566,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,WANNA DOOBIE?,Camera angles/controls are terrible. most other stuff is good tho
,Recommended,263280,21478780,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,themarcustree,the game crash i can.t play
76561198254626838,Recommended,263280,19106304,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,TwoBrothersLP,"I reccommend this game to people that are looking for awesome graphics,adventures, and a real life like video game."
,Recommended,263280,11105158,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Major Brighton,"Another 5* game.Yes, not only do you end up doing what you thought you would not - yet you will end up having a lot of fun.I certainly was not expecting this kind of quality; as the game has to rely on rely good mud interaction and extremelywell delivered all-round mechanics or it will not work.On top of that add a beautifully designed and rendered with perfect sound effects. Turning off that smock y deasel canoffer a rely nice forest full of well thought out ambient sounds.The challenge´s can be rely hard and that is what I wonted. The feeling of power driving is quiet something and will look forward to a good mp experience too.(-) The development has a little way to go with offering support for a wheel, yet it will come soon they say."
,Recommended,263280,20055232,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Seth 4564 the island,Pollute and destroy the forests simulator 10/10
76561198286142497,Recommended,263280,32759931,Posted: 25 June,all,BIG_BILL,Very fun game if you like to go mudding very well made if you have a computer that can run this game and you like that stuff I recommend it for you😎👌🏻
,Recommended,263280,14329230,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Didactic Dale,This game is so enjoyable its almost therapudic.
76561198148212847,Recommended,263280,14113652,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,colbybotkin509,its really good
,Recommended,263280,14196910,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,King Tiger,Yeah this game is amazing i am happy i bought it
,Recommended,263280,14300346,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,D3Jag,"Spintires is still under continued development from Oovee, and what's coming shows promise. Much like other games in early development, there are some core changes that are making modding difficult, but drastically improving the game. From using the tech demo to playing the inital release on steam to today's Spintires, I can see the promise in the engaging off-road simulation. The game isn't about speed, but skill in maneuvering and controlling a variety of vehicles, with specialized equipment available for each. Completing each level alone is quite entertaining, but the full exploration of the beautiful scenery and the challenge of navigating washed out roads or blazing your own trail further enhance the game.Valuable points added since initial Steam release:Mod support (only in beta/legacy right now, but still there)New, challenging map (Flood) much like River, only more water and less overall work to completeMap Fog - Navigation without clearing ""cloaking"" is much more feasible, with strips of the map being revealed as you drive through themDrastically improved physics, including but not limited to: locking diff balancing, debris (rocks) bouncing fixed, and tires clipping terrain fixed.Improved muliplayer - chat now works, as well as joining game in sessionImproved saves - though not immune to damage through patching, multiple maps can be in progress in single player at one timeGarage cart!!!! (and utility cart, but not nearly as cool)Personal wishlist:Ability to cut and clear trees, similar to Farming Simulator 15, and pick up downed trees for lumber to haulAdditional winch points on target vehicle (when using one vehicle to tow / upright another)More traction enhancing options, like chains, on more vehicles (even at the cost of extra fuel)Improved lighting, esp in multiplayer. Seeing the effects of additional lighting, and of other players' lights would drastically improve night driving."
76561198030424186,Recommended,263280,14337282,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,psyber_pymp,"great game runs smooth ""BUT THE NEW UPDATE MAKES IT NEAR IMPOSSIBLE TO ATTACH TRAILERS ***PLZ FIX SOON*** other than that its a good time playing with friends. OVERALL I GIVE IT 5***** STARS"
,Recommended,263280,14181475,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,billbertking1,"Great game, and great gameplay. Although there's not much to do currently, Oovee is slowly adding more. Great if you like a good challenge and offroading and big trucks. All three combined and you're in heaven."
,Recommended,263280,14105582,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,DDOGJENKINZ,"This game is incredible, however I will just review the very best feature thus far:The Port, is debateably the best port in ANY game EVER.I have an Aleinware m14x (i7 quad hyperthreading + turboboost) (GTX765M) that just loves to suck power no matter what im doing. However, I can play this game for about 4-5 hours no problem on battery, my CPU is barley tested nor is my GPU, and i rarley ever even hear my fan turn on. My thermals stay low which is also a plus. Full graphics look amazing! I allways leave them on!!!!!!!GREAT JOB!!!!!!!!"
76561198079369064,Recommended,263280,14197683,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Lone Marine,"Nothing better than getting stuck in mud.Surprisingly enough, the terrain physics are what make the game unique and absolutely fun."
76561198010582678,Recommended,263280,14209892,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Rayfee,"Real cool game :) .........Just 1 thing tho i would like to see a firstperson cam view maybe even be able to see the inside of the trucks,other than that i can see me having some fun for the next 3 months :D."
,Recommended,263280,14213605,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Nicole,"A very well modelled off-road simulator. I was surprised by the attention to detail and graphic quality for such a small download and reasonable price. The mud and driving physics are top notch! I find myself wishing their were more vehicles and maps, which is the only shortcoming I've seen so far from this game."
76561197972500073,Recommended,263280,14298698,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,J v b,updates is comming (y)the game is realy fun if you are nott in a hurry and the game feels realistic and good graphics and effekts.
76561198091223830,Recommended,263280,14213628,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Natalie,Most hours I have ever played in a game!
76561198116774296,Recommended,263280,14095225,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Reval,The game is awesome.Hope to see cockpit view soon. : )
,Recommended,263280,14162788,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Jackal326™,Got stuck in a river and drowned.9/10 would drown again.
76561198174216853,Recommended,263280,14295859,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,artayous,"Decent enough game. You really need a high speed gaming style PC to truly get all the game has to offer, otherwise it is choppy and laggy, but still fun.Be ready to basically spend 90% of your time doing what the title of the game says ""SPINTIRES""...seriously."
76561198082670953,Recommended,263280,14300856,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,benwaldie,great game
,Recommended,263280,14314237,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,alex1xx1,"Amazing game, love it. You can play the game in alot of different ways: just explore the map, see which vehicle is the best, collect lumber and take it to the objective, or whatever way you want to play! My favorite thing about the game is how easy it is to install mods, ever get bored of the normal vehicles? Go to some websites and download other vehicles and even more maps if you want! I rarly play multiplayer, but ill tell you one thing, its a ton of fun if your talking to your friens on skype or somthing while playing multplayer. I love this game and its well worth the money your paying for it!11/10"
76561198134119720,Recommended,263280,14349154,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Hamoooo,This game is a great game to buy if you like challenging games and fun games this a really great game to buy it has yostick support and you can use a steering wheel with it
76561198216069000,Recommended,263280,22653516,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,AmIDeHankGame,I need some to record with on this for dem youtube views pls msg me if you have a mic and would want to record or just mess around on the game contact me at richard.hankee on skype my profile picture is a black and yellow can am atv.
76561198100436657,Recommended,263280,31659413,Posted: 9 May,all,charles.renfroe,kick♥♥♥♥♥game best 4x4 game ever played
76561198163917824,Recommended,263280,13084262,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,dirtbike604,best 4x4 game ever
76561198114456117,Not Recommended,263280,14033806,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,razvannasea,"Great game concept, bad software!For WTF reason after each update i loss my saves?Yesterday, after update, i began to play FLOOD map.Today, few minutes ago after new update, my save go away, again.And isn't first time."
76561198069725458,Not Recommended,263280,34254924,Posted: 15 August,all,Anita Bonghit,"Probably one of the worst devs out there full of broken promises, got there money and got out , unfourtunatly it is a great game but without support and more content , the game it developed by us now, the communtity, there are many mods to keep the game ""interesting"" but without support from there creators i cant support it either they set the standard and because if that and only that i can not reccomend this game at the full price , if you happen to catch a sale grab it , but if you are hoping to have support and new features keep on looking, the game has been dead since last spring, more then a year and absolutly nothing from the devs"
76561198285674317,Not Recommended,263280,33155815,Posted: 2 July,all,Airsoftkid02,this games sucks i bought it and its the legacy version
,Recommended,263280,14513869,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,NokoDUD,"Great game, runs good on me sh*tty laptop, Soviet cars that take 45-80L/min, muddy roads where in the middle of the road is a huge pond, propably 3 meters deep, what can go wrong? Oh and driving with long logs, ""How hard can it be?"""
,Recommended,263280,21357334,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Julian Johan,"I sold my Jeep Wrangler for $15.000, bought Spintires for $20, and dont care for the rest of $14.980."
76561198188727589,Recommended,263280,25172431,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,C.Golden |1-G-10|,"good♥♥♥♥♥♥Cant go wrong muddin a a good old dodge cummins with your pas!(great place to make friends,very friendly community!"
,Recommended,263280,19794254,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,mrman122999,Awesome simulator game and off-roader.
76561198143388780,Recommended,263280,14155900,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,sparky1324iscool,this game takes some geting ust to but its awesome the only thing bad is the camra is over the sholder
76561198022994907,Recommended,263280,14327048,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,If you are black blir Tommy lack,really funny
76561198043217796,Recommended,263280,22712045,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Booberrypie,I re installed this game and my addons for vehicles didn't show up so I spent almost an hour un subscribing and re subscribing to each addon one by one and they still wont show the vehicles in game. It's a good game but never delete the local content and re install it.
,Recommended,263280,21556002,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Stoli,On a scale of Cobblestone to Dust II I'd rate this game a solid Cache. Very well made and enjoyable game.
76561198037744289,Recommended,263280,22696776,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,PlagueFerret,"Hell yeah, i have no idea what were supposed to do.. but i downloaded land rovers and played in the mud to my hearts content. Good Game."
,Recommended,263280,14314168,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,(TSM)1GreyFox,"I bought this game thinking it will be good as a time passer, however i am suprised, i do like this game, id live it a lot more if it had cockpit view.I love driving/racing games, and all i have to say about this game is that its for the gamers who want a challenge."
,Recommended,263280,12169314,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,release,Spintires/10 Would not purchase again
,Recommended,263280,14114646,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ysdhot04,its good
,Recommended,263280,14227879,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Malena the Foxtaur,i love it
,Recommended,263280,14164164,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TSRVTC Thomas5020,"Great game, fun to play and the physics are amazing. Recent update allows you to change starting trucks which is essentially changing the difficulty and the trucks have modified engine sounds which are miles better than what they were a year ago."
,Recommended,263280,14172733,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,WolfgΛng,"Really cool game, has the best graphics but really needs workshop"
76561197982932619,Recommended,263280,14213412,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,pacman5486,I've enjoyed this game when I can.  Like many other reviews you'll see that game crashes and losing your save is a big issue.  When you invest time into a map to have it all disappear gets very frustrating.  The game itself is pretty solid.  It a decent simulator that involves big trucks getting stuck in the mud.
,Recommended,263280,14290681,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Orkin,This is a great game.  The physics of getting stuck in the mud is amazing. It may not be everyone's cup of tea but if you enjoy simulator type games you will enjoy this.  I have not tried multiplayer yet.
76561198154403415,Recommended,263280,26294692,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,XxAtomicWhalexX,"Love the fact that you can now get mods from the workshop. Spintires is one of the best, if not the best, offroad games."
,Recommended,263280,26241490,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,MEGA,"great game, just wish i had a better pc to run it"
,Recommended,263280,26278680,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Pieter64,"good one! Graphics are great. Good sounds and even tho I done only two hours,its a very real sim. Only no cockpit view (yet). Beats me why Steam doesn't feature this one more even tho I suppose its in a ""niche"".iIf you've ever watched trucks in Siberia then this is very realistic. It says 'keyboard and mouse but it recognises all the controllers on my racing sim rig including ffb.Plenty of vehicles to start of with and then its moddable with plenty of mods. A friendly and help full community."
,Recommended,263280,10464530,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Mohigan,Great off road simulator.  Makes you think and multiplayer is a true team work experience
,Recommended,263280,10464629,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Nitro,Best offroad-game ever made
76561198073537746,Recommended,263280,10455431,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Hoosier Daddy,"This is a good game if you enjoy offroading or driving in general. The physics are super and the graphics are great. There are achievments and objectives that challenge even the most professional offroader, and I think you'll be happy you spent the money if you think you've got what it takes. Would I recommend this game to you/your friend? Absolutely!! BUT !, THIS GAME DOES NOT SUPPORT AMD CROSSFIRE!!!!!!!! If you've got it and you have flashing textures, thats your problem."
,Recommended,263280,10463486,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Rick Replicant: A Deckard?,MOTHER♥♥♥♥IN MUDDIN'!
76561198072849321,Recommended,263280,10455472,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Noob,Omg this is amazing!!!
,Recommended,263280,10463328,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,HIT IT PEDRO,Sooooooo gooooooooood
76561198064665247,Recommended,263280,14056471,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,St0n3dAssassin,F@#KING AWESOME
76561198079609638,Recommended,263280,13110981,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Ethan,Multiplayer is broken :'(
76561198040624922,Recommended,263280,14044250,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,S W I M,--------------------------------- Graphic level ---------------------------------▒█░░░ ▀█▀ ▒█░▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ 　 ░█▀▀█ 　 ▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀  ▒█▀▀▀▒█░░░ ▒█░ ▒█▀▄░ ▒█▀▀▀ 　 ▒█▄▄█ 　 ▒█▀▀▄ ▒█░░▒█ ░▀▀▀▄   ░▀▀▀▄▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ 　 ▒█░▒█ 　 ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█▒█▄▄▄█﻿
76561198104511064,Recommended,263280,13059331,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,pinner d,super sick so sweet
76561198261215638,Recommended,263280,28128645,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,zannan1,gg
76561198345313812,Recommended,263280,28113457,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mskaymodz,can some one help me when i load the game up its say its loadinng then go 2 a blck screen then dont load
76561198030289079,Recommended,263280,13115343,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kwik Kicks,"A really fun game, better when playing with friends as you can help each other out and things. But still fun when playing alone too!"
76561197969812675,Recommended,263280,13114878,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,NISBRO,"I'm a real off roader nerd, I own a Patrol and deal to it serverly when I get the chance. I spin my tires and flick mud all over the place. This game is the next best alternative when I cant get outside. This is a great game, albiet a couple of short commings but they are pretty trivial comparred to the end result.The mod community has been hard at work and there are many vehicles from around the world to download and try out.Would be cool if some how multiplayer was supported when running modded vehicles, maybe one day?Highly reccomended, especially on sale!!!"
,Recommended,263280,10467079,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,(TPT) trinsic,"This game is an awesome off-road simulator, more like the best I have ever seen, in terms of realistic terrain deformation. I don’t think I have ever seen this level of detail before. The off-road experience works just like it would in the real world. Certain vehicles work better in certain situations depending on the terrain, your vehicle takes real damage just like it would if you accidently ran into a tree. If you try to cross a river that is too deep you get swept up by the current and your engine fails. You would think that a driving simulator like this is boring, but the amount of time and work and enjoyment you put into getting from one place to another is a blast. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a drive in the backcountry to just explore."
,Recommended,263280,21611205,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Yelawolf,"This game is very good, but ut has a lot of problems and I wish they would make maps available in the steam workshop, but the game runs but I wish the setting were better and I could get 60 FPS on high with a Intel® Core™ i5-4460S with 8GB ram and integrated graphics but yeah."
76561198035054020,Recommended,263280,13187173,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,wFg | CiroGoixxx,BEST SIMULATOR EVER!! 9.5/10 - Buy it right now!!
,Recommended,263280,11074310,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,pewBotzi,"I played a lot of different Simulators, from Train, over Truck and Farming.This is really one of this simulations where i have a lot of fun.In Coop the physic with pulling one out of the water or something else is perfect.The grafic is awesome....I played it today with two other players in coop and it was a lot of fun....There are a few things to make it more better...but nearly every fresh released game needs some updates."
76561198197767123,Recommended,263280,34565477,Posted: 28 August,all,RustyRail,Russian off roading simulator!!!!
76561197987090679,Not Recommended,263280,33198101,Posted: 3 July,all,Broommaster2000,"This game hates me. While I had some fun the first 6/7 hours (including a couple of hours in the multiplayer), alt-tabbing to take a break lost all my progress because the save-file got corrupted. Why? How is it that a game past 2014 still can get away with crap like that? Unforgiveable.To add to that, the game isn't particularly strong content-wise either, because pretty much all there is to do is drive to a place with a trailer full of logs or drive to a garage or a car to unlock it. I understand that the challenge is supposed to be in traversing the landscape, but the game should be offering more incentives to that. There's potential, but so far it remains untapped. Definitely not worth the full price and I've got to admit I'm disappointed with paying what I did in the steam sale too.Edit: And now the devs will stop working on this and wanna do a quick cashgrab? What the hell?"
76561197972060003,Recommended,263280,23563645,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,ǷHðEЙiX,"Not much to do overall, but the physics in this simulator/game/whatever  are some of the best Ive ever seen. Wish more games had this. I love this winch!The graphics are decent, lots of community add-on vehicles, never had any issues except when there was an update it would erase all my save games so I stopped playing. It was getting updates weekly at one point and all my progress was lost - again and again. Ugh."
,Not Recommended,263280,34626273,Posted: 30 August,all,[GLGM] bobobola,"CURRENT STATUS: ABANDONED AND UNFINISHEDThe devs have left, leaving behind a shell of a game. What are they working on now? The EXACT same game, but you will have to pay all over again.What am I talking about? Spintires: Mudrunner(I will change this review when this game gets updated)"
76561198145255171,Recommended,263280,21633001,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Brofy,my mouse just disappeared off my game and it wont come bck what should i do
,Recommended,263280,21693569,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Sexual Peeing,"With a mod I drove a Lada Niva through mud for more than 10 feet. This is not accurate.In Soviet Russian, game rate you."
,Recommended,263280,21673158,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,DevaultGamer,"yes, full fun and real good graphics (sorry if spelt that wrong) Sometimes it is anoying if you close the game on the wrong way than it wont save anything sinds your last play i lost like 3 ours on this way"
76561197992663427,Recommended,263280,21681502,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,hodog2010,i cant see my mouse what do i do
76561198063599770,Recommended,263280,21667633,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Lt Iggypopjr,Fix time bomb crashes and its a great game
,Recommended,263280,21763815,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kasper,game is much fun
76561198216023652,Recommended,263280,21647363,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,thats_peachy!,BEST GAME EVER! HIGHLY RECCOMENDED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198288980876,Recommended,263280,21778628,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,LEL,AMAZE !
,Recommended,263280,21639922,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,xXGoodBlokeXx,"DEV release update, GAME WORKS. DEV relase update, GAME NOT STABLE. DEV release update, GAME DOES NOT WORK. DEV release update, GAME STABLE BUT BUGGY AF. DEV release update, GAME WORKS..BUGS REMOVED..BUT ADDED MORE GAY TRUCKS. DEV release update, MOD SUPPORT....CRAP MODS AND NONE ARE COMPATABLE WITH  OTHER MODS. DEV release update, I GIVE UP AND UNINSTALL GAME BECAUSE IT IS FULL OF HOPEFUL THOUGHTS AND CRAP CONTENT.This game needs, proper mods, that are compatable with each other, needs alot of addons for each mod, not just tires. (i know thats the community, but why add mod support, if the mods make the game unstable?). It also needs more maps, objectives, visuals, sounds and so on. They need to make the game stable for the future updates. MAP SUPPORT, IT NEEDS MAP SUPPORT, dafuq if i know how to install maps by downloading the zip and extracting to certain files, making a back up of this and replace that and blah blah blah, its stupid and irritating, FIX IT AND MAKE IT EASY TO PLAY USER MADE MAPS. Customizing the trucks/cars/vehicles, make it so we can change tire type, size. Rim type, size. Barwork style. Lighting. Lift, height, brand. Underbody protection. Engine upgrades. Car colour, graphics and so on. MAKE THE LOCKERS USEFULL, as i am the owner on a twin locked GQ patrol, i am aware of how much lockers help you, not being usless, like, digging down, cant climb up ledges and so on, lockers are insanley helpful offroad, so please improve this aswell. The game does look great, mud physics are pretty good, and the game engine is very good. my main iritation is this game was released...... i wouldnt be so upset if it was still in EARLY ACCESS, i played so much of the beta (free download) i watched the community shift the game into something amazing and beautiful, then i saw the DEV toss that aside and release a pretty basic, hard to work with game, for $30US. PLEASE CREATE A WONDERFUL GAME THAT IS ABOUT OFFROADING WITH MATES, as the dev version was (minus the multiplayer)If you are wondering what my car is:GQ patrol 1995Crosscountry Top-Mount Intercooler, hoodscoop.Heavy-Duty Radiator.GU 4.2TD Motor (engineered)4"" SuperFlex Lift (engineered).Safari Tuff Clutch.Snorkel.Custom Barwork alround car.53% Reduction Gears.Fully braced/reinforced Diff Internal/External (Chromoly Internals).Long Range Fuel Tank.Front/Rear ARB Air Lockers.35"" Mickey T CLaws on 15"" steelies.High flow headers, 3"" straight through exhuast.If you dont beleive thats my car, i dont care, becasue im the one seeing it and driving it everyday.Please YES if you agree with my opinion, and NO if you disagree. (want to see how many people share my opinion, in part or whole, or if im on my own lol) thanks for reading and have a great day!"
,Recommended,263280,21700627,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Neotext,this game is amazing
,Recommended,263280,21711760,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Maximate98 [FIN],You get stuck on mud. You get stuck on mud again. You are swearing and you almost rage quit. Then you notice: you don't have difflock on. You feel yourself idiot.True story and game is still good!
,Recommended,263280,29750004,Posted: 6 February,all,I Get Annoyed,Its Lit.
,Recommended,263280,15573240,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,1600 Hours in a DED gam,"11/10 pepperonis, if you rub it on your nipples you might develop swag.... ;)"
,Recommended,263280,20585122,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,"DIBS Aii, Sixty",I like it fun to mess around and see what works
,Recommended,263280,28692576,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,jptagman,"HOLLY MOLLY WOWIEEE ZOWIEE, get lost a couple hours trucking through the DEEP MUD woods and rivers!!! great game especially if you are like not wanting to play anything, and defog your brain playing this will help!!!"
76561197969631857,Recommended,263280,32818659,Posted: 26 June,all,RodZilla,Great game A + + +
76561198099651658,Recommended,263280,22865357,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,INSANE,That moment when you get stuck in the mud and there is no way to get out 10/10
76561198163121777,Recommended,263280,22868870,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Camsmasher19,"Being 100% honest this is one of my favorite pc exclusive games and the reason why is because the game is unlike almost anything i have seen and for that i will give some pros and conspros:-the game has amazing physics and the things the engine offers are things like mud and land deformation, good suspension simulation, and nicely placed terrain difficulties like fallen over trees.-the mod community is striving and i still haven't seen all the mods on the steam workshop or on spintires.nl(i will talk about the problems with the steam workshop later).-this game has a lot of default levels that offer a lot of steam achievements and playtime if you wish to be a completionist.-Spintires has the option to let you play casual or hardcore difficulty and when starting hardcore mode you have the option to add vehicles to start with but you can't add vehicles that go over the difficulty limit of the level you chose to play.-even before the player adds mods there are a lot of vehicles to choose from ranging from small jeeps to military like trucks and log loaders.-in Spintires there is the option of add-ons whitch are objects you can add to your truck in order to help you with your task at hand and lugging wood around.-while driving in game you can use the gear box (something i don't find in many games anymore) so you can choose to have the game change gears for you or go manual style.-also if you wish to have the ability to just free roam with out consequence than you can just have fun in the proving grounds or download some level mods that are for pointless free roam-another great thing is the multiplayer option with i don't see in many simulation games and the multiplayer is pretty damn fun even though i haven't had much play time with multiplayer.cons:(this section should be short)-Spintires has a problem with the workshop as it seems it is not complete sure it seems fine but when the so called ""timebomb attacks"" happened with the developer of spintires it deleted the workshop mods i had installed but the workshop said i still had them which made trouble shooting tough.(it is recommended that you get your mods from spintires.nl)-one small con is the fact that maps are not in the steam workshop as of now.-a lot of people think that this game shouldn't have came out of its alpha stage which is agreable because it has not changed much from that stage.- i feel that this game is over priced at $29.99 which is why you should buy the game when it is on sale or get it on♥♥♥♥♥-the game is very timeconsuming and slow which adds to the simulation aspect of this game but even i get bored or don't have patience for the game sometimes.-the last con i can think of is the fact that this game i would think is not very good for low end computers even though i don't know for sure.(if you don't mind low resolutions i think low end pc's could run it then)over all i recommend this game to people who like their fun driving simulators and have patience but i don't loose patience looking at how cool the visuals are in the mud deformation while slowly driving through it."
76561198041072906,Recommended,263280,13813627,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,mike or zachary,"8 hrs in and i only gut 1 load in, it technical college to say the least."
,Recommended,263280,34816622,Posted: 8 September,all,DEADPOOL,Truly love this game
,Recommended,263280,34790631,Posted: 7 September,all,scrogginsandrew,"Spintires is a game that you can play for houres and love. With the help from the modding community, Spintires has became my favoret game to play."
76561198354592441,Recommended,263280,34787523,Posted: 6 September,all,DOOMsayer2100,Just SAYING this is the most fun and advanced offroading game yet.
76561198383447459,Recommended,263280,33161699,Posted: 2 July,all,jacksoncooke01,It is an awesome game and I would definitely recommend it to my friends. Me and my friend can do multiplayer and download mods. My favourite is the 70 Series Land Cruiser that I modded to. A 16 inch lift and all of the Jeep yj (I think) wheels and tiers and a massive engine upgrade. 5/5 stars for me!!
,Recommended,263280,34868460,Posted: 10 September,all,TheWildSebass12,This is a great game and has a very good community behind it that puts out great mods. Can't wait for MudRunner to come out!
,Not Recommended,263280,21791120,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,BlueYT,Money for 6 hours and peace
76561198204061187,Not Recommended,263280,22013966,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,raninbro123,crashes
76561198177348874,Recommended,263280,29597694,Posted: 30 January,all,doanbrad,Wicked game would love to see it come to consoles
76561198084556054,Recommended,263280,30430979,Posted: 10 March,all,A Brute Killer,The mods make a fun game even more fun
76561198163802904,Recommended,263280,29492402,Posted: 25 January,all,husky the time traveling dog,loved it. its really fun I love the big verity of trucks and attachmantts
76561198284800306,Recommended,263280,29496093,Posted: 25 January,all,LatestGoriila34,its a very good games if u go into your settings in the game and turn up the Graphics and turm moition blur off to
,Recommended,263280,29579324,Posted: 29 January,all,Atomic_OVR_dose,Good game with good physics. Mods make it well worth it
76561198093871478,Recommended,263280,30435035,Posted: 10 March,all,Aimit,Great game for relaxing and if youre up for a Challenge: Beat every level in Hardcore with the basic Trucks
76561198027854060,Recommended,263280,13113296,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,twistedmelon,"What do you get when you have all terrain vehicles, mud and open world maps?Probably my favorite chill driving game to date.  Obviously by the trucks this isn't some high speed racing game, but that is what makes it great.  Is something you just play, cruise around with the objectives there just to be an objective.Pros:  Game runs incredibly smooth on an older systemRelaxing playFun Co-op multiplay drivingCons:  at the time of this review, there is no in vehicle camera which can cause annoyance.Grey rocks, if you play it you will know what I mean ;-)"
76561198337264249,Recommended,263280,26113175,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ChrisMaveGR,"Really nice and joyfull game but i think , my opinion is it will need in the future more maps like the map The Hill and trucks . Really great game friends , I recommended absolutely . Regards ."
,Recommended,263280,14597052,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Atomicguy,Pros:Awesome terrain deformationMud is actually a challengeVehicles that are heavy feel like they're heavyVery fun multiplayerCons:Camera controls are very frustratingCamera controlsCamera controlsFallen trees tend to be covered in grease and won't let anything over without a running start (I'm pretty sure an 8 wheeled Soviet military tractor would have no problem driving over a skinny tree that is knocked over)Camrea controls
,Recommended,263280,14636619,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,PeepsiHax,"This is a really good and fun game, I suggest you to play multi-player since it is most helpfun when u have friends that can come and help if you get stuck.And the best part is that the game is only 600 Mb large and you can play it with full graphic setting on pretty much every PC these days!This is defently one of Top 3 Games Of 2015!"
76561198026938066,Recommended,263280,15186025,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Mad Gaming.YT,this game is a great off-road game and very fun to play cool trucks and jeeps to use
,Recommended,263280,21946320,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,[GD141] Z.Jay,Amazing Game but needs a better steering wheel support! except G27 AND G25 WORK FINE
76561198025221139,Recommended,263280,10463633,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,OneAmongOthers,Awesome game! Very fun and challenging! I can't get enough of the offroad driving experience. And the game phyisics are modeled veru good as well! Countless times now I find myself simply driving off into the woods just to admire the scenery. Worth every dollar!
76561198046474689,Recommended,263280,34388622,Posted: 20 August,all,junaibi44,So wonderful
,Recommended,263280,34388722,Posted: 20 August,all,OneBadBadger,"Fun game, can get frustrating trying to line things up right at the log pickups. It will tell you to face your truck a certain way, then when you do it, it says it's wrong and to point another direction. Other than that its a good time if you have the time to grind the maps."
76561198245594272,Recommended,263280,34467914,Posted: 24 August,all,Jsap-20,"The Game is very well made, with good mud physics... however the camera is extremely annoying to control and use overall"
,Not Recommended,263280,34781592,Posted: 6 September,all,GoiGarg | SaveKeys.Net,game is not good as compared to its price otherwise ok
76561198017246905,Not Recommended,263280,13581957,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,aK,"Avoid, developer has taken the money and run.Make sure you read the recent reviews. Do not buy and support this game any longer. The person who created this game has no more involvment in it.Do not give your money away, pirate before buying."
76561198358098580,Recommended,263280,34496041,Posted: 25 August,all,4.0straight6,"Being unable to play offline is quite inconvenient, would love to be able to have this game Mobil on my phone to play wherever I like without having to bring my computer with me,"
,Recommended,263280,34368872,Posted: 20 August,all,Dark_Joker,Spintieres is best game to play
76561198404628789,Recommended,263280,35398394,Posted: 1 October,all,austinparrish200303,i cant see my mose for some reason any way to fix
76561197982766198,Not Recommended,263280,19165267,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Magnumx,It's a nice game but the way the camera moves .......it's soooooo bad!!!i mean you cant drive inside the cars ..... why the hell not!!!!would be some much better instead this stupid camera that kill the game!
76561198123740466,Recommended,263280,25494196,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Jacob.Andy286,Spintires is just plainly a great game for people who actually can't get out there or afford the vehicles. 10/10
,Recommended,263280,25517837,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,mudbogger13,Awsome game
76561198240350186,Recommended,263280,32582908,Posted: 19 June,all,wyattalan322,my game doesnt even start up i want to delete it and redownload without having to pay it was a fun game.
76561198355892084,Recommended,263280,32424173,Posted: 14 June,all,TibiasVacillants,Best off road game ever !
,Recommended,263280,20575259,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,DocShady,"When I first heard of this game, I never thought much of it but as its multiplayer is coop based, I decided to give it a try.  I was very happy with my purchase.  It offers a very unique experience.  Off-roading is fun but Spintires takes it in a totally different direction.  You're goal is to use the various trucks to deliver logs from the logging camp to the objective located across the map.  Sounds simple but the various maps are treacherous and unforgiving at times.  You must work with you're partners (up to 4 players in coop) to navigate the map across raging rivers, deep mud, dense forest.  If you're stuck, use you're wench to pull yourself out.  Sometimes you can't wench out and need a helping hand from a friend to pull you out of the mud.The games graphics are very well done.  The mud physics are second to none.  I've tore up roads and paths to the point where I had to take an alternate route as I could no longer safely travel on the same route with a load of logs.The garage gives you access to various add-ons for you're truck, such as carriages to pull short, medium and long logs.  you can add a utility trailer that will allow you to repair and fuel you're buddies as they are hauling a load.The game has workshop support that adds various trucks and even cars to the game.  Ever wanted to drive a bigfoot version of a luxery car?  Now you can.  Check out the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off pigeon for a true off-roading experience.  Maps can be downloaded fromwww.spintires.nlThe game has steering wheel support.  I use the Logitech G27 and it works like a dream.  Though you can easily play with keyboard and mouse, its so much more fun you  use the wheel.  I bought the G27 with spintires in mind.Even though the game is out of alpha (it was early access), there are still a few issues and omissions that oovee needs to look into such as the lack of multiplayer save files and the lack of more then one save file.  Mods need to be certified to qualify you for achievements but the certification process is only now coming into place.  Also, you have this big♥♥♥♥♥truck but expect to be stopped in you're tracks by a small stick of wood in the middle of the road.  These things are like concrete and not even you're crane can lift/move them.  That really takes the realism out of the experience.Overall, Spintires is a great game.  Don't expect the norm, and most of all, don't expect speed."
76561198318794950,Recommended,263280,34768715,Posted: 5 September,all,br7874884,as stupid as this game is i love it . i can just drive around for hours
,Not Recommended,263280,21587657,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,EtsDriver,"After fixing the gamebreaking code snippets, i have to give this game again green light! Go Oovee, and keep the good work up with your developer. :)5/5, would get stuck again.******EDIT:WTF, you just ditch this?"
76561197971692751,Recommended,263280,33194193,Posted: 3 July,all,Delle(DK),"Game is really amazing.. Cool physics, and large trucks in mud water ect.The game is basicly about starting somewhere and then exporing the maps and unlocking it.While you do this you can find new vehicles on the map you can use.The main goal to complete every map is to unlock it, and then transport xx of example wood, and xx cargo to a location.This is not easy since the terrain and heavy vehicles sometimes get stuck or you need to take alternative routes to your target.If you get stuck you can winch your self out ( often ) both forward and backward. But sometimes you get such and cannot get out your self, but then you can use some of your other vehicles to help you.SOmetimes you even tip over while other times you can use your extra vehicle to try and hold you so you do not tip over.You can also come across rivers that need to be crossed to get to the other side or swamps.All in all the game is beautifull and cool, and it is great fun to play it with friends and help each other.The game is on sale now for 6,24 i say buy it, an even when not on sale it is so cheap that it is worth the money.There are also all of extra maps and mods made by the community that you can download and use from the internet.I hope to see a spintires 2 game in the future."
,Recommended,263280,13537782,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Daedalus ~BF2 Beta,dis gaem es fen
,Recommended,263280,14552502,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,unknown14725,Epic mud.
,Recommended,263280,24812525,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Sethioz.xyz,"Awesome and small game, I really have nothing bad to say about this game.This is one of the very rare games that just runs perfectly fine and looks cool. Mud effects are just epic, the offroad realism is nice.they have also added steam workshop, which is best ever! you can play coop with mods, it's just so much fun, splashing in mud like kids in sandbox xD .. who haven't dreamt of this?Perhaps only bad thing, is that maps are very small and there are no different bioms, such as snow or rain. I'd love to see official snow maps, long haul missions on bigger maps or just some sort of role play modes, but game is good as it is. There are some glitches and bugs, but they're rather fun."
,Recommended,263280,22189547,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,My friend shows interest in this game. I mocked him endlessly. I now own this game and plays with him.
76561197966938065,Not Recommended,263280,10461593,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Gazer75,Untill the horrible camera system is fixed I can not recommend this game.
76561197997751103,Not Recommended,263280,13410327,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Hummuluis,"With Spintires its a love/hate relationship. The game is exceptionally innovative along with a fresh concept and idea. Early hours invested were of excitement and enjoyment. The mud physics are amazingly well done, along with some badass graphics; especially at night with the lighting. Unfortunately there does seem to be a lack of content, and more specifically lack of actual variation in objectives. There could have been a lot more done with the game, to offer players different goals instead of strictly logging. Multiplayer seems a bit disconnected, as cooperation between players and even bigger objectives would have been a nice touch.Unless you pick this game up dirt cheap and are self-aware that your not going to get much entertainment value from it, I don't recommend this as a wise purchase. If the developers decide to spend some time and money into the game to get it moving along, then sure why not. As it stands, it was pushed out and mod support eventually added to extend it some life."
,Not Recommended,263280,12671015,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,I have no legs.,Graphics are not bad.The missions are just plain stupid.Not enough different trucks....Dont buy!
76561197965949740,Not Recommended,263280,13451551,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Joe 'Medal of Freedom' Biden,Development of this game has just died.  Don't waste your money on another aborted Steam Early Access game.
,Not Recommended,263280,10522612,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Tyler L. C-105 | 5R-504,"This is more of a critique of the game/apparatus than it is of the content.Spintires is one of those games with the amazing features that can only really define one game or one series of games.  It's one of those games with great concepts, ideas, and potential...but VERY poorly executed upon marketing.The game is how everyone describes it.  It is great and has all the positive and fun attributes it exhibits in reviews, trailers and demos....but the developers/marketers have absolutely no idea what they're doing at this stage in the game's time frame.$30 for pretty much an expedited demo with COUNTLESS bugs, unfinished features and unimplemented concepts.  Honestly depressing how such an amazing game can fall to unacceptable marketing.  There is no doubt that this is the developer's first time in the construction of a game.It truly is fun, enjoyable and well-assembled, and I do recommend it.  But it is a shame that it is considered a 'full game' and priced at $30 when there isn't more than just a handful of features established than there is in the otherwise free Spintires tech demo.BOTTOM LINE:  POOR EXECUTION AND NOT WORTH $30."
76561198049013611,Not Recommended,263280,10515891,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,NiLL,"Not worth 30 bucks. It's reall that simple, but I'll do some pros and cons anyway.Pros:-Looks good for a simulation game-The driving physics are pretty good-It is multiplayer (though I'm not too sure why)-Good water PhysicsCons:-The camera is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥-The multiplayer can be extremely laggy-The terrain deformation is insanely exaggerated to the point where it's like the whole world is covered in 20 feet of mud-You spend more time actually spinning tires than moving-Only one objective-Maps aren't really all that big they just seem big because you never really move more than 10 miles per hour-All the maps are pretty much the same-Winch mechanics pretty much don't exist-If you get stuck playing by yourself halfway through a mission...have funI personally walked away from this game after about an hour. I was bored, I had a headache, and I felt like I wasted my money. Just my opinion, take it as you will."
76561198039429852,Not Recommended,263280,21589652,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SGT_Killgore,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEThis is a fair warning to anyone even considering buying this game, DON'T the publisher has screwed over the developer and in a fit of childish rage the developer built in a ""timebomb"" to the game.  So as of Feb 28h the game no lunger runs, and will crash instantly if you try to play it.Read through the discussion pages and see how there are multiple posts about the game crashing, the few fixes each person has managed to make are made invalid within a day due to the nature of the ""timebomb(s)"" amd at this point almost every person who owns this game is unable to play it and out of luck for a refund."
,Not Recommended,263280,20438955,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,! fhidann,no multiplayer no achievement
,Recommended,263280,10443730,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,EXo,Awesome game! First proper offroad game since... yeah idk
76561198149552904,Not Recommended,263280,21609227,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Spiffy jay,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!it is broken and will no be playable, and it was done on purpose.they added this thing called timebomb which breaks the game in time.I WANT A REFUND!"
76561198085380062,Not Recommended,263280,10684107,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Robin,So annoying!
76561198007506361,Not Recommended,263280,17112872,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Lodreus,"A game worth buying IF the publishers weren't greedy a$$ holes that took our money and ran off with it. If you're going to purchase this game, then I would advice you to check out the forums/ discusions and see whether or not this game is still worth your money. The game is still playable of course but left out to collect dust.ObjectiveIdea and concept is simple and fun, it may seem to others a bit boring and repetitive after few hours, which I find to not be as I don't mind. The game requires you to have a lot of patience and team work to get through the game, and all you do is merely get wood and take it to the objective. Simple as that. There are others side quest (if you wanna call em' like that) and they give you more things to do. If that still bores you then fine! Spintires has a great community invested in making mods to make the game more fun and interesting. I myself have gotten a great deal of mods and man they are fun! So do check them out guys!MultiplayerPlaying with others is where the heart of the game is. You get to interect with others and plan different strategies in getting to point A to point B, and you learn new things too!. There isn't a lot you can do when setting up a lobby other than set difficulty which is only down to two options: Normal or Hardcore. You can set your chosen map, and finally you can play with friends or public. Pretty basic. I personally would of like to have options to set time, weather, chosen vehicle, different start of fuel at or damage taken and what you can use or not use.EnviromentThe scenery is amazing man. The way the maps are set out gives you a good sense of the woodland feel. The way the mud and water interacts with your surrounding and actions is cool, well detailed also. If you want a good sense of how to enjoy the moment around you then wait for the sun set. At dark is pretty annoying. When you're in the pitchblack the best thing I could suggest is to not use the stupid headlights, they for some reason make everything else apart from the area of the light is projecting to darken. idk if it's meant to be like that or what. What I would like to have is some wild life. Yeah I guess you got birds flying around, but that's not really taken notice much. I love to see some wild animals roaming the woods....Maybe a dear, a bear or pack of foxes going across the dirt road. Oh I forgot you also got fireflies (I think). You seem them at night but cant remember what map so....sorry XD.Final thoughtYou may wonder ""Is the game stable with it's current state?"" or ""Is it worth the money?"" with what I mention above Ehhh...I suppose you could say but then again it's down to personal opinion, and I find it to be fine but at times it can be repetitive with how it handles. Sometimes, I could be loading up the game with or without mods and it just suddenly crashes. There's a large amount of users complaining about these cases on discussions tab which, I advice you to check out and see for yourself. You can find a work-around but then? Why should a customer who paid money have to do that when the game should be updated? idk myself but that's down to stupid Oovee to decide. I've would of liked to have them come to their senses and make a game that to be played with, not to throw hate at because of how much Oovee has caused trouble to fan base. I like to recommend this game but with the way it is....I don't think you should pay its full price. Wait for it on sale then take few minutes to think if it's worth it now.5/10"
,Recommended,263280,13183967,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,FatalScriptError ^v^,Mud Wrestling Simulator 201510/10 Would use diff lock again.
76561198063042887,Not Recommended,263280,12868345,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,SatanKitty,Not 30 dollars worth of content. Devs are crap
,Not Recommended,263280,13927643,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,gganno,"I really can't stand It the games has the worst camera I have ever seen in a game. I would love to play it but the camera is just so horrbile and bad, it makes me want to kill myself."
76561198063990562,Not Recommended,263280,10517747,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Hairless Squirrel,"I hate the cloaking on the maps.  If you reveal all the cloaks in a map,  then when ever you start it again there should be no cloaking"
,Not Recommended,263280,13909569,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Marzanna,"♥♥♥♥ THESE ♥♥♥♥ING UPDATES!!!I lose my savegames every freaking update comes!BTW, the game is awesome but I won't play it anymore because updates screw my savegames."
,Not Recommended,263280,13686389,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ears_rape.exe,stupid developers bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥shttp://steamcommunity.com/app/263280/discussions/0/620703493336217649/?tscn=1456849984#p15
76561198080596141,Not Recommended,263280,11679480,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,gmwaylander,"If you're in the mood to test your patience, then this is the game for you. Spintires offers a welcome relief to take time with the game and enjoy an impressive environment along with simple objectives. However, in order for simplicity to be enjoyable for a prolongued period of time, the mechanics upon which it is based must 1) make intuitive sense and 2) WORK. What destroyed this game for me was the physics engine, particularly as it related to the mud mechanics. While at first their pseudo-liquid effects and malleable terrain are an awesome concept, I found that driving through the same section of mud more than once resulted in my commercial-size 6-wheel truck being submerged more than half deep. Now, I can understand that mud is a problem, but at this point I'm drilling for oil simply by driving a vehicle.The core challenge to completing objectives in Spintires seems based on navigation and not getting stuck; and the winch mechanic helps profoundly with the latter. Unfortunately, I found myself using it constantly, which didn't just slow down gameplay, it just starts getting in the way of it. Without exaggeration, I found driving under lakes to be easier than traversing muddy roads. This could be a much better game, but the mud physics are unrealistic beyond the point of reason. It transformed what was a slow-paced, relaxing game into a trollfest.The physics engine also has some interesting quirks in regards to gravity, where I can roll a vehicle down a steep slope into a gulch and suffer no damage, but hitting a slight dip on a road takes out one quarter of the same vehicle's health. Combined with the mud, many of the trucks with seemingly massive weighted loads tip over if you breathe on them while trying to navigate what, by all accounts, looks like flat mud.Some may have had better success with this game, and I think it bears potential, but the underlying mechanics for such a simplistic game simply aren't developed enough."
76561198023473274,Not Recommended,263280,17865736,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,beaks,"great game, loads of potential but lack of improvement. seems like they have just not bothered to develop it any further, shame really!"
76561198286574780,Not Recommended,263280,21416944,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,dustinbodenchuk,"♥♥♥♥ING GAME WOULD BE ♥♥♥♥IN FINE AND DANDY IF IT DIDNT ♥♥♥♥ING CRASH EVERY TWO GOD DAMN MINUTES, LIKE ♥♥♥♥, GET ON YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥BOYS, PAID 30 BUCKS FOR NOTHING. FEELING LET DOWN."
76561198214960301,Not Recommended,263280,21596307,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,logan.martin8908,downloaded this game 2 days ago and cannot get past the start screen. when i click on anything it freezes and will not do anything. really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that i paid for this game and have yet to be able to play it. so i do not recommend this game until all issues are fixed.
76561198022945554,Not Recommended,263280,22203392,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mαятιи Dє'Sιlvєr,My antivirus software detected a Trojan.Generic.16234759 in spintires.exe . After problems that publisher had with developer im not suprised ! I just hope they didnt steal any of my personal data !
76561198059896039,Not Recommended,263280,21587703,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,MrMaxPowers,don`t buy anything from this dev Pavel. timebomb put in game to break it.
,Not Recommended,263280,15880238,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,DerpPartySupplier,Russia tractor propaganda. The cameras are set up to show the sides of the tucks. No in cabin view. Everything is muddy and so everything you do is suckage. Slow game play.No real value for this game.
,Not Recommended,263280,11580925,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Havocado gachiBASS Clap,Realistic frustration of getting stuck in mud every five seconds.Will probably please the unemployed truckers in need of a quick fix but hardly worth the 25 euros.
,Not Recommended,263280,13517021,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mandaloin,"All of the frustration of offroading, none of the fun.Less than one hour in it became painfully obvious the devs have no experience offroading. Where to begin?The camera is absolutely terrible. There is no first person view, and no useful camera views at all. You will find yourself running into things and damaging your vehicle because of this.The entire environment is basically quicksand. If you get stuck somewhere for more than a few seconds you will find yourself dug a few feet into this mud. I can tell you from experience this is way off from what should be happening.The only environments available look like drab eastern European forrests. Where's the deserts? Where's the snow? Maybe some forrests that aren't as wet with less mud?All in all, if you actually enjoy off roading you will not enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,263280,18621371,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,KHAOTIX,$30.00 worth of Early Access NOPE.
76561198040209875,Not Recommended,263280,23241568,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,opelmanz,"Okay, i've played nearly 30 hours of this game.Here is my overall advice - if you REALLY love off-road simulators, buy this on sale. Otherwise, if you are ""kind of"" interested, the camera angle, limited options and general simplicity of the game might annoy the crap out of you. I'm on the fence, love playing, hate dealing with the camera ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You'll understand in game why camera is so important, not just for recovery, but for watching the road, making sure you don't go into a ditch, hit a rock or worse case scenario, roll the entire log load.Below is a short summaryPros1 - very realistic terrain deformation2 - very realistic traction modeling3 - very realistic physics modeling4 - realistic 4x4 and diff lock settings5 - Somewhat active mod communityCons1 - CAMERA IS ANNOYING AS♥♥♥♥♥♥-want to zoom out more while in game? NO.-want to zoom in more while in the map? NO.-CAMERA HAS AUTO MOVEMENT WHICH CAN NOT BE DISABLED = ANNOYING-Camera axis cannot be set - no x-axis or y-axis reversal!-Camera will set back to default 3rd person EVERY time you select advanced/non advanced-Camera is focused around some psuedo axis, forget rotate and zoom, there is some weird elliptical motion centered on the middle of the truck that doesn't care whether or not you can see a winch point2 - 2wd vehicles (BT-130) are basically useless unless you love winches3 - Confusing log loading. Have to load 3 logs, then position cart, then pack. ZERO instructions in game for this.4 - Nighttime mode is almost impossible to see. Sure you can see right in front of you, but forget about winching or manuevering or seeing anywhere except straight ahead. I turn off lights for all rescue operations because otherwise you can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥5 - No plot or story. Just move logs and you're done6 - Very limited vehicle choice, like 8 or so in game7 - Winch has max tension and you will constantly be maxing it out, i.e. you hit ""pull"" and the winch doesn't move♥♥♥♥♥♥ VERY annoying when you are really stuck and could use a real ♥♥♥♥ing winch.SO yeah, not a bad game, but not a great game. A simulator with some interesting gameplay but a camera angle that really takes the joy out of the game IMHO."
76561198089850810,Not Recommended,263280,11479801,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,aidensilk1234,the game COULD be good but the game is unfinished. the company just keep giving empty promisses to update the camera views and to add steering wheel support. DONT GET THIS GAME ITS NOT EVEN WORTH £10 LET ALONE £19.99. at least the company have a sence of humor thinking they can charge £19.99 for an unfinshed game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,263280,13680937,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Set,.
,Not Recommended,263280,13713935,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,No. 6,"I loved this game but the latest update pretty much broke the entire game. You can no longer drive with the differential lock engaged (even while plowing through water, mud, or loose dirt) for more than about 10 feet before your vehicle takes damage. This makes getting into and out from muddy and low traction areas near impossible without spending most of your time winching. All this does is add tedium and artifical length without any skill.Do not buy this game in its current state."
76561197974966135,Not Recommended,263280,13871165,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Shinso,Reworked Review.This game had a lot of promise and still is fun to play but the guys developing this are so bad and keep breaking the game when they update. last update they even removed a map that was in the game because it was bugged.Stear way clear
76561198092974256,Not Recommended,263280,13872077,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,johnqplayer,"Do NOT buy this game right now, it is broken!!Game saves get lost whenever an update is pushed, making you start entirely overDRM that kicks you or crashes your game if you lose your connection to Steam (which happens randomly in the middle of a game)Reports of the game developer getting locked out of updating the game, while the publisher disappears with all the moneyAny recent updates to the game break more than they fixAt first I thought this was expected, as it is a pre-release game.NOPE THIS GAME IS SUPPOSEDLY A FULL RELEASE VERSION.TL;DR - Game is broken, publisher doesn't seem to care, any updates cause more bugs, and you can't even enjoy the game because your saves are constantly being deleted.Wait a few months and then check the reviews, this is a super fun game in concept and execution but it is wayyyyyy too unstable to enjoy."
76561198135045548,Not Recommended,263280,21596199,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Dude,"- Awesome game if you're into 4wding.- F*cking trash if you actually want to enjoy the game with workshop mods.Don't get me wrong though Spintires is one of if not the best 4wding sims out there, from the mud physics to the graphics. Just don't expect it to run well/at all once you start modding with the workshop.IN SAYING THAT...Hurry up and fix your damn game."
,Not Recommended,263280,21596983,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Cherish the T,"( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ╯╲___卐卐卐卐 Don't mind me just taking Oovee for a walk.Wow, I just can't believe a publisher would treat someone with such disrespect that this is how far Pavel has to go just to get payed for the work he does on this game. ♥♥♥♥ you Oovee, pay Pavel."
76561198010734733,Not Recommended,263280,11105649,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,rbaldwin,"I've been waiting a long time for a good RC style game where you could run with a truck.  I was disappointed with this one because of poor camera angles, difficult to navigate, and you are always stuck everywhere you go.   They don't even start you with a winch to get yourself out.   I'm still going to play a bit more to see if it gets any better but I always come away from this game feeling frustrated."
76561198028959209,Not Recommended,263280,12787966,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,IDreadI,"Bought this game for the sole purpose of playing co-op multiplayer with friends. Working together to get the objective done and get unstuck is a lot of fun. However there are many problems that had I known I would not have bought the game at this time until they were resolved. No multiplayer save is the biggest issue. Having to restart every time is maddening. Disconnects when you are alt tabbed out for just a couple mins and random disconnects making having no save even worse. When you reconnect to a multiplayer game that you just got disconnected from all your vehicle disappear forcing you to start all over. Syncing, other players mud deformation doesn't show up making it hard to choose your route. Their headlights don't show up to help eliminate the way for all. Dumped logs don't show up making it so no one else can help reload you. Some of this might be bugs or glitches. Overall the game has a lot of potential to be fun. I will change my review and recommendation as soon as at least the multiplayer save is added. Keep up the good work Oovee."
76561197961520311,Not Recommended,263280,13686396,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,kree,"As much as I played this game and reasonably enjoyed it, I have to give it a thumbs down for the following reasons:- Absolutely NOT worth $30. I bought it on a 40%-off discount and still feel like I overpaid. The game is incredibly simple and there's not much in it.- The mud is ridiculous. I guess the game is called ""SPINTIRES"", so it is honest at least. 90% of what you do in this game is drive slowly through unrealistically soggy mud. It is NOT a ""offroad logging"" simulator as the screenshots and videos try to imply. It is a ""driving through mud during Noah's flood"" simulator. There is no rainfall, yet most of the ground is soaked and never dries. There are no other drivers, yet most of the roads look like 50 trucks drove over them in the past 6 hours. Your trucks all must have sprinkler systems attached to the wheel wells, because even apparently-dry ground will quickly begin to deform if you drive on it too much. When you make a game that is 90% centered around mud physics, you could at least try to make it believable. People seem to like to claim that it's realistic, but no, sorry, it's not. Saying that the terrain deformation in this game is realistic is like saying that DayZ was realistic when it made you starve to death unless you ate something every hour. Because people get hungry in real life, right?! Realism!- Camera controls are embarrassing. There is not even a first-person-view mode. All you get is some extremely cumbersome ""over the shoulder"" camera that awkwardly swaps shoulders and zooms itself in/out as you try to rotate it. They literally had to go out of their way to make the camera that bad. Making the gameplay as tedious as humanly possible just for the sake of it is one thing, but basic user interface features like camera control must make sense in order for your game to be good.- No way to get out of your truck and examine the immediate area. This might seem like an odd request if you haven't played the game, but you'd be surprised how often you will desperately want to see the terrain/obstructions around you without having to actually drive your truck onto them. Even a limited-range free-flying camera would get the job done. Although, not if it spins around and does back-flips every time you try to move it, which is a legitimate concern when you consider their current camera implementation.- The drama behind the developer/publisher that you can find in news posts about this game. Apparently, the publisher ousted the developer after he did all the work, so any purchases will go to line the publisher's pockets while the guy who actually made the game doesn't get jack. Who knows what the future of development for this game will be in light of all that drama.My enjoyment of the game stemmed from the fact that I sometimes just like to torture myself with gritty games just to teach them a lesson. I beat every map in the game on hardcore and got most of the achievements. However, while writing this review, I tried to go back and play it some more just to make sure I wanted to give the thumbs down, and I am sure. Replay value is nonexistent. Once you slog through the mess of each map once, there is absolutely no reason to do it again.So, the only circumstance that I would recommend that a friend get this game is if it was at LEAST 60%-off, and that friend loves really slow and gritty games that involve trucks and pretty scenery. Keep in mind that I am someone who absolutely loves cooperative games, and I generally try to get all of my friends to play every cooperative game that I own. Not so much this one. I feel bad for the couple friends I convinced to buy this game with me before I knew what we were getting into."
76561198136850373,Not Recommended,263280,13833471,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,JJMAutomotive,"Doesn't work a Thrustmaster T500RS and TH8A shifter. Controls are hard to come by, really annoyed. Said in one of the updates that it works with all racing wheels, well IT DOESN'T! Been conned into this, really not happy. A load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,263280,13836226,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Steel Wolcott,"Ending up getting this during the holiday sales but still felt it was overpriced at $20. The game is difficult to play, the camera is awkward and you can only drive with it from the side view (no cockpit view what so ever). It gets irritating after a while, especially if you end up off the road in some trees. Two of the trucks included can't handle any off roading so they're kind of a waste. Wouldn't normally be a problem but because mods aren't supported it becomes an issue. Downloading mods locks achievements and doesn't allow multiplayer. This game consistently crashes and I've ended up losing progress, I've uninstalled and re-installed with no luck, seems to be an issue with the game. Overall, the game runs smooth when it actually runs which is almost never, feels like a unfinished game, heck I've had better luck going back to download the dev. demo. Would certainly recommend downloading ther free demo over wasting money on this. The developers need to provide the features they promised because it seems like they really could care less about updates. DON'T PURCHASE UNTIL THEY ""FINISH"" their game."
,Not Recommended,263280,13939111,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,TheTopMostDog,"I cannot recommend this right now.. I'll do my best to explain why in the following (hopefully) coherant paragraph.The steepest learning curve and the most counter-intuitive, abysmal design flaw in Spintires is definitely the camera. Moving the mouse a small amount rotates or pitches your camera, but moving it a long way displaces the camera; moving it around your vehicle. The restraints in place (zoom maximum, height limit) make me feel like I'm playing an action FPS on 50FOV. Why right AND left click aren't used for controlling the camera on different axis, and why there isn't a camera lock button is beyond me. Albeit the gameplay itself growing on me fast (the game SEEMS fun to play), the non-stop, rage-inducing camera controls will honestly limit the amount of time I spend in this game."
76561197998143434,Not Recommended,263280,11702447,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,SteelRodent,"Spintires is a stuck-in-the-mud simulator much more than it has anything to do with a driving game/simulator. While it's fun for a few hours the game screams ""unfinished"" and has a distinct lack of actual content, and as such the $30 price tag is just absurd. While the destructable terrain and muddy roads provide an interesting and challenging concept in theory, the destructable part is also the game's biggest fault. As none of the vehicles you're provided are in any way suitable for driving in the soft mud that makes up 99% of the landscape, you end up getting stuck and tearing up the ""roads"" on your first trip, which means the ""roads"" can only be passed 2-3 times at the most before they're so ruined they're unpassable. It makes for a much more frustrating than entertaining experience.Other than driving around to pull your truck out of the mud again and again and again, the game has basically nothing else to offer. Each map contains an objective to deliver wood, which in itself is a massive challenge as just reaching the lumber yard can be nearly impossible on most the maps without using the biggest truck you got to tow you in.And literally, that covers the entirety of the game's content.The game cannot be recommended unless on a heavily reduced discount (like 75% off), or until some major patching happens to turn it into an actual game with actual content worth paying for.Vehicle physics are acceptable, but trailer physics are not. Trailers act like dead weight rather than a vehicle with rotating wheels. Even when empty they feel like you're dragging a big rock behind you - and forget about predicting where the trailers go when reversing, they literally act like the wheels can't turn.Muddy roads are simply too soft for how wide the vehicles' tires are (even the widest tires aren't wide enough), and massive rocks scattered everywhere makes it impossible to drive on the part of the road where a sane person would drive.Multiplayer serves no purpose other than to have someone permanently assigned to pull you out of the mud.The game severely lacks the right equipment - like bulldozers and graders - to fix the roads after you destroy them, and turn the mud into something you would realistically consider for driving a truck on.Camera and map controls are terrible, and navigating at night is near impossible as you can't see sh**.Cranes serve no purpose - even though the log crane is fully controllable, you cannot actually pick up logs with it - or anything else. The big crane for the retired missile carrier has an option to turn it on, but it doesn't respond to the controls at all, and thus serve no purpose than being another winch.The game only tracks progress on one map at a time, and if you switch maps you lose your progress and have to start over if you return to a map you've already completed.2/3 of the vehicles in the game are unsuitable for off-road driving, and sadly you cannot use them as filler for the giant bogs you have to cross (yes, I tried).Visually the game looks good (atleast on maxed out settings), even though the graphics options are a textbook example of how NOT to do it. The frame rate however is ridiculously low for a driving game, and only forgiveable because you very rarely exceed walking speed anyway.As for actual content: A handful of retired Russian military vehicles, 6 maps (that are all very similar), and a lot of mud."
,Not Recommended,263280,14230414,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,The Mad King,"Flood.But seriously, €24.99 for this? Ehh.. iit'd be better if this was at MAX €15 in its current state. Such little variety and and only about 7 trucks. 2 of them are pretty much useless. This game is rarely updated aswell so once it gets boring, it will stay boring for a while. Will update review when patches and updates are actually released"
76561198108338569,Not Recommended,263280,17453027,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,BlackBlood98,if i were going to give my opinion of the game it had potential. beautiful potential but the devs post saying they will release an update and never do. OOVEE will not get another dime out of me for any game they make.
76561198163324556,Not Recommended,263280,13818918,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Gingasoulman,"Game keeps on crashing every 10 min. Still havent fixed the problem yet, at this point dont buy wait till the problem is fixed. other then that great game!"
76561198193762513,Not Recommended,263280,21732411,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,grovesm311,This game was one of my favorites but unfortanly the devs want to punish the people who bought this game  after recent   updates the the game is unplayable and crashes regaurdless of haveing mods or no mods after 20 min from what here on the news this game is being sabotage by the devs because the publisher wont pay them whitch in turn should be a violation of our gaming right i bought it to play and support the company who was making this game and to have eniterment not to take up space in my hd just on the chance that maybe i could playSpecs:  cpu antholon x3gpu r9 270 x 4 gbmoba 990fxa ud3 rev 4ram 8gb pny 1333mzh
,Not Recommended,263280,22072712,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,OsamabinDamian,"Bad Bad Bad! I wish I would of not purchased this game. Keeps crashing since 2nd day I got it, the time bombs started and ever since the fix I keep crashing 1-5 minutes of gameplay... STEER CLEAR!!!"
,Not Recommended,263280,21612117,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,[TC] Sam,"Terrible devs, do not buy.They remove the game from being on sale because of a bug, apparently the bug was an accident.. I think not.Development is very slow, yet they are very quick to patch it when the comunity and media shout out about it.We had to wait months and months after they promised us vehicle mods ""soon"", now the same thing has happened with the maps. The content in ths game is now stale, old and plain old boring. They have also yet to add many of the suggestions that people have wanted in muliplayer for years now.Seriously, save your money & do not give these lazy, lazy slobs your money."
,Not Recommended,263280,19864061,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"There was a time when I would have recommended this wonderfully bizarre sim to all my friends; that time has long since passed,Spintiresnow a victim of severe behind-the-scenes drama and mismanagement leading to countless patch mishaps, the previously viable mud physics broken amongst other baffling design decisions, no modding support and lack of map variety the biggest contenders of the bunch.The original launch build? A joy with brimming potential. In its current state? Don't even bother, even for irony's sake."
,Not Recommended,263280,13938328,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Iron Lion,The game died half  finished and the studio scrwed the dev over to the point where he quit. Readhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/263280/discussions/0/626329821165292574/andhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/263280/discussions/Also see this from pavel the ONLY devhttp://i.imgur.com/E5f7Bmx.jpgTo get the full true story dont bother with ovees forums they are agressivly cencored any critisim or any one disagreeing with them had their thread locked or delted if its hard evedance like the dev himself explaing how he has been locked out of his own game and ppl are banned if they dont keep quiet. DO NOT BELIVE THE LIES this is the tech demo + and its neve going to change. But if you like the idea of the game hope the dev makes Spintirs 2 on his own with nothing to do with ovee and suport him in his future endevours.
,Not Recommended,263280,15359672,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,I HOLD THESE L's,"I can't believe I paid £20 for this joke of a game..I was gently persuaded by my friends to sell one of my many CSGO items in order to buy this game, which is exactly what I did, however first time playing it I realised how overrated this game was..Sure, it has good physics but it's so boring holding the W key for 20 minutes while you cross a bloody lake,DON'T BUY."
76561198130861707,Not Recommended,263280,35049051,Posted: 18 September,all,KA3RPP4,"A ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game! this ♥♥♥♥ing asslicking ♥♥♥♥face always ♥♥♥♥ing dissapears my ♥♥♥♥ing cursor, I've re-installed this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10 ♥♥♥♥ing hell times and I am tired of playing these ♥♥♥♥ing original maps so I download new one, and then this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥wiping ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dissapears my ♥♥♥♥ing hell ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cursor. ♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥I've had ♥♥♥♥ing enough of pc, gonna sell this mother♥♥♥♥ing HP and buy a damn ps3, at least those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s work without ♥♥♥♥ing around with A ♥♥♥♥ING MOUSE FOR ♥♥♥♥ SAKE!"
76561198328370365,Not Recommended,263280,32357291,Posted: 11 June,all,sewellleslie64,i keep pressing play and it will not come up!
76561198217458951,Not Recommended,263280,32378964,Posted: 12 June,all,tywalstead,"have tried playing it for 2 years, I wont recomend it because its constantly running poorly and customer service website is invalid apparently. Dont download because its never working properly and help is non existant. will request refund immediately like I have with most of the games on crao steam. Have a nice day"
76561198119396582,Not Recommended,263280,13851826,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,YOU DONT KNOW ABOUT MY ARSE,this game gave me and my family ebola
,Recommended,263280,22309955,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Gunam,I get stuck in the mud everytime.10/10 would have to use wench again.
,Not Recommended,263280,20051168,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DEDICATED18,i loved this game at first. but after the holidays i go to play with my friends and it gives me errors and no one has written how to fix them making this game unplayable
,Not Recommended,263280,12748956,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Persona!,"Terrible game, Waste of money, Mud is WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY too focused. And almost no instructions (For a very complicated game). In other words, they tried too hard to make the game difficult. The End."
76561198059539853,Not Recommended,263280,12730779,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Roadmaster,"i really liked this game - having sunk 119 hours into it sofar - but the latest ""updates"" and the betas changed all that  - multiplayer no longer working - one of the big reasons for playing  - i really loved to help new players solve problems and to use all my real live trucker experience to conquer the environments - but i am reaching the conclusion that the developers are out of their depths and won't be able to finish the game  - let alone anhance and improve it - at best this game should be offered as free to play - no longer recommended"
76561197987412717,Not Recommended,263280,12716900,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,angr ishooz,"This is one of those games that Steam should have had a demo available for, or a return policy."
76561198187845338,Recommended,263280,23327960,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,jacobstudios,this game is so awsome
76561198150429268,Not Recommended,263280,33189925,Posted: 3 July,all,Mr WanteD,لعبة تلتيه ومضيعه وقت على الفاضي#ممله
,Not Recommended,263280,11107724,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,RANGR3D,r9-295x2 + Spintires === very bad
76561198109759994,Not Recommended,263280,11224125,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,quad9290,I love the game at first having lots of fun with it but after 12 of play i can not get on the game because it could not configure (windows)
76561198125050030,Not Recommended,263280,11631645,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Shared,the grafics are great but the game lags like no other the only thing this game has going for it is its grafics
76561198023340319,Not Recommended,263280,26681641,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,FixXxeR,way overpriced
76561198092468608,Not Recommended,263280,13516746,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,coyoteboy51,is a good game but right now is not worth getting i'd say what for it to go doun in price and the games will get evern beter as thay add on to it
76561198054597478,Not Recommended,263280,11394805,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,chasei,enjoyed the game but was promised updates and fixes that are so far behind the recommended times that i dont think anyone should buy this till a decent update is released...or maybe when they eventualy talk to there customers..
76561198028469019,Not Recommended,263280,13510034,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,KahnWolfe,"Appropriately named as that is literally all I have done the whole time. I can find the direction I need to head, but it is impossible to get there with the vehicles they give you to start with. Extremely clunky camera controls that make it almost impossible to tell where you are going. No clear directions, awkward setup for handling of vehicles. 2/10"
,Recommended,263280,30467549,Posted: 12 March,all,ampboy88,Spintires  is a super cool super real based game and I love it
76561198293423633,Recommended,263280,29522684,Posted: 27 January,all,ryan.white,i needs fixed it crashes way to much
76561198149374353,Not Recommended,263280,21611461,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Ted_Behr,I also want a refund. It was a great game. Now we are being punished because of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198268263190,Not Recommended,263280,21741876,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Lets Go Muddn!,this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i cant play 1 game of spin tires with any vehicle it can only be the pre chosen ones. I WANT THIS FIXED ASAP
76561198203678657,Not Recommended,263280,21572727,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,zachnewcome55,You need to update this game NOW!  Since the last update all this game did was crash if you're even listening FIX THIS BUG!
76561198203005354,Not Recommended,263280,21701419,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Dj_foxyGaming2017,no relly
76561198355725805,Not Recommended,263280,33317694,Posted: 6 July,all,Floyd,"Wasnt all that impressed, but it did its job"
76561197998239912,Not Recommended,263280,10956698,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SvenCadillac,Might be the absolute worst game ever sold on Steam. Total crap.
,Not Recommended,263280,11692239,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,AF GAMING,Takes time do anything not easy do have to have patience.
,Not Recommended,263280,13385462,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,RookieJack,"I only bought this game to try some of the Russian all terrain vehicles. Instead of enjoying the game I had pain during all the time I was playing. The game is not enjoyable at all. It's constant pain to get the vehicle through the terrain full of mud, trees and stones. Even on casual level I could not get the lumber to a single destination because I always ended up either stuck or upside down with my truck. The casual difficulty level is completely unplayable! The camera views are bad, there is no cabin view. Each vehicle has limitations, so you have to play using several vehicles. There's no way to save your progress during driving, so you may be driving for an hour just to get stuck and loose all your progress and hours of gameplay. Whoever designed this point-based saving crap - you ruined the game! And whoever decided to cloak the terrain on casual level - you ruined the game even more!"
76561198141592538,Not Recommended,263280,10715136,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,tom46rossi,why wont my mouse show up on spintires?????!!!!!!!!
76561198050666429,Not Recommended,263280,11382445,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Biginuf,"Spin Tires lacks game modes and functions that a complete game would have.  The current setup allows for 1 saved game, any other game that gets started (single player or multiplayer) automatically overwrites the current saved game.  There are only 5 maps, with roughly 5 different vehicles, the only objective on any of these maps is to deliver loads of logs to a lumber mill.  It gets old and repetative very quickly.  Updates were promised in timely fashion but weeks after the ""complete"" game was sold on Steam there has been only 1 update that address a small bug. After the origial bug fix update they promised regular updates including camera fixes within the week, but almost 3 weeks later notihng has been provided. In its current state the game should be priced at around $14.99.  At a later point if updates have been made the game may warrant  the $29.99 price tag.Update Sept. 12 2014:The game is still unfinished and hasn't had any updates. Continue to save your money.Update Oct. 20 2014:Still no updates, Developers seemed to have abadoned the game in mid production, total waste of money."
76561198080939580,Not Recommended,263280,13385233,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,david eldridge,it does not work.??????????
76561198162907710,Not Recommended,263280,21557320,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,tbonecadet1,new update makes game unplayable. Don't buy.
76561198088958023,Not Recommended,263280,11243680,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,hyugo,too many mud. it look unreal.bad camera. sometime I can't see where I go
76561198179634254,Not Recommended,263280,22015293,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,btine83,i cant use my mouse in the title screen.
,Not Recommended,263280,13128643,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,i see you,"I suppost to Enjoy this game,Only bought him. in my Opnion, this game isnt helping the new driver to understand how to real drive in the sands. and poor tutorial. hf."
76561198030768261,Not Recommended,263280,13123625,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Tats,Fun idea but the camera angles while driving are atrocious. If I had a driving POV like Euro Truck Simulator 2 in this game it would be great.
76561198073474324,Not Recommended,263280,11324678,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Blonde Tomato,"I thought the game was GREAT at first, but after about 5 to 10 min of singleplayer it got so boring! So then i thought to myself well if I play with my brother then I will have more fun. NOPE. My brother hated it and I hated. The controls were alright but the performance lacks. I can say that I have wasted my money on this game and my brother did too."
76561198149483470,Not Recommended,263280,11667168,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,orillionro86,full of glitches and keeps crashing
,Not Recommended,263280,11714463,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,the first twin tower to fall,not right know you can not save the game
,Not Recommended,263280,21020313,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,SAINT,This game has the potential to become the best off roading simulation game but I do not recommend buying it at the full price. 30$ Is too much for a non frequently updated slowly developing game. Developers dose not care about the community suggestions and the game play will get boring after a while. I brought this as it came out and enjoyed first week and I went back to give it a try and the game play is still the same. Atleast update the UI? And allow modders to host servers with more players.
76561198030958834,Not Recommended,263280,14698800,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Piggy,"The concept is great but the content it lacking.  It is not worth 30$, period! There are way cheaper and better games out there with more active devs.  they are now making a sequel to squeeze some more money from the steam comunity. ..."
76561198030758232,Not Recommended,263280,13941692,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,верков,"Great offroad driving simulator. Lots of fun with friends (Single player gets boring after a while). Beautiful and realistic game. Nice physics - though you won't get stuck so easily as you use to in older version.EDIT: Spintires has left early access stage and I can't recommend it for that reason, because I think it still is unfinished. Only if you love offroading, trucks or delivering logs through woods I can recommend to buy it from sale (Normal price is bit pricy)."
,Not Recommended,263280,14083831,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ClydeThaMonkey,"I had big visions about this game. It had so much great potential! Too bad the developers refuse to fix certain things like one of THE worst camerafunction ever made and no 1st person. This makes the game really annoying when u are driving trough the woods. U cant see that tree ahead of you because the tree 10m to the left of u are obscuring the view and BAM, u just lost 100 points in damage.... And don't let me start on the content. The price isn't representing what u get. Basically u only have 6 maps and a few vehicles so its not gonna take long before u are sick of the maps.The devs keep promising and promising without anything happening. They released finally a new map, ""The Pit"", but it was bugged out and got removed. Then they added ""Flood"" which is actually a challenging and fun map but that still doesn't ""fix"" all of the disappointments about this game.Pros:- Driving physics- Details on the truckmodels- Challenging- RealismCons:- Horrible render distance (Fog)- Horrible developers (Fighting in between them)- Horrible camera wich they wont fix- Horrible amount of content- Horrible horrible horrible communityThe last part is that apparently if u try to complain on their forums, get ready to get bashed by the fanboys who protect the game with their lives..."
76561198085086863,Recommended,263280,12658300,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,DemonzScareCrow,when is the update because i dont see where the update at
,Recommended,263280,12661984,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,JWRuthless,Worth ebery bit of $30. Great game!
,Not Recommended,263280,13888538,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Derpastator,"Producer abandoned developer, tweaking game in negative ways: giving features then removing or making them worse.Fun offroad simulator with various russian trucks, many of the maps work well."
76561198071609386,Recommended,263280,14109755,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Jason,best ♥♥♥♥ing game ever made
76561198173316127,Not Recommended,263280,14104120,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,YOLO BITCHES,this game is soooo slow
76561198116385743,Not Recommended,263280,14105162,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,LESBIAN WIZZARD,"This is a great game, you should buy it if you are looking for 2 hours of gameplay"
,Not Recommended,263280,19922509,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,DW_Drummer,"I have been waiting to get this game for over a year, I was really excited to finally play it myself. But alas after finally playing it i dont understand why but it just isnt fun for me, and this is coming from someone who LOVES driving games. also the UI is pretty complicated. The game REALLY needs a video tutorial at the beginning AND full controller support. (If Possible). Also the fact that there are so few cars in the game it doesnt motivate me to keep playing to unlock more....P.S. The physics in this game are great though, very impressive."
,Recommended,263280,12665552,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Merc,"You take your large manly Russian truck, much more manly than my avatar, and you go shiftin' gears and crackin' beers. Mud physics are top notch. Not much else to do but collect trucks and logs, and of course go mudding, oh that reminds me, buy a log of dip for full muddin' immersion."
76561198042115384,Recommended,263280,12671195,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ivanw,"One of a kind. Much much more realistic than any racing game I know, where everyone is supposed to be trained like a pro racer. Here, it happens exactly like the last time you were stuck in mud with your everyday car. Practice has its rewards, unlike most games where the only thing you're supposed to be good at is knowing how to do it. Those things you learn while being in the newbie phase, the one you are in just before reaching the bored phase a.k.a. endgame. Still has to improve on the multiplayer parts: group finder, coop motivation, chat. Need larger maps to keep you playing after a few weeks - (100-200h)"
76561198044439673,Not Recommended,263280,13943469,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Twitchy,the only reason im gonna do this review because IT IS GOD DAMN BUGGYplayed the map flood this is a truly brutal map with the trucks you  start with. Five hours (literaly)  after traveling about to deliver the logs to win the map. But a friend with a more updated version of the game joined reseting the garage and the objective to zero the only thing i ask of you stop adding content im not interested FIX THESE BUGS OR IM NEVER PLAYING THE GAME AGAIN
,Not Recommended,263280,13153474,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Pedro ACE,No. Multiplayer. Save.
,Recommended,263280,21603084,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Brofessor,Have you ever got fired and burned down the place that did it? Pavel did.
76561198285911673,Recommended,263280,21585496,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,lil rich kid 08,every time I launch the game it crashes...
76561198215348224,Not Recommended,263280,32574824,Posted: 19 June,all,Puppy Eyes,WAY TOO EXPENSIVE FOR A GAME THAT IS ONLY MODS
76561198366635785,Recommended,263280,30270005,Posted: 1 March,all,Diabetus Cleatus,"My game crashes every time and time again with a microsoft visual c++ error other than that the game itself is quite fun with a group of people , would like a better varriety of maps doesnt look like thats going to happen now"
,Not Recommended,263280,20844401,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,strong dog,oh nooooooooooooo
,Not Recommended,263280,19475815,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Ramen Duck,Boring...
76561198179213175,Not Recommended,263280,19513611,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,schwob,what can you do with a game that has no visible cursor?
76561197994701100,Not Recommended,263280,20667988,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Arctillery,The tutorials and general lack of direction is what makes me not recommend this game.  No clear direction of what the purpose is or where to go. I found my self searching online to answer my questions to find other players have the exact same issues. Perhaps when an update is released I will recommend it. Otherwise its physics are impressive.
76561198079276919,Not Recommended,263280,20199581,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,alan.garbage,Most boring game ever....
76561198273954878,Not Recommended,263280,20295944,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,jamie.perkins,"I spent about 40 minutes checking out Spintires. It was unplayable until I tweaked the resolution and graphics settings, (I was playing it on a VM) but once I got it running I was really impressed with the realism and physics. When I was first starting out it was frustrating to discover I forgot to turn off the parking brake. I don't have to shift gears, yet you need to turn the parking brake off. It was a frustrating couple of minutes before I figured out this ""gotcha"". The dealbreaker for me though with Spintires is that there is not clear objective. Slow to get up and running, then then what? Explore at 10mph? There is no guidance or instructions on what you're supposed to do. Movement is slow. controls feel delayed. Spent a lot of time spinning tires in mud, which happens to be a great metaphor for the experience of playing this game."
76561198037359626,Not Recommended,263280,20529163,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,OraProVobis,to let me see the mouse in the homepage of the game i have to reset every time my whole display settings from 150% to 125%... EVERY TIME?????u must be kidding... in 2016 still these errors... plz developers...do something about!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197960869376,Not Recommended,263280,13190499,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Brian D,This game sucks
76561197961088909,Not Recommended,263280,12006952,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Intrepid,"You cannot bind the numeric keypad to any controls.  For a left handed person like myself, this is incredibly irritating."
,Recommended,263280,16292860,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,lars247,russian trucks + vodka + forest = SPINTIRES11/10
76561198046173032,Recommended,263280,10776684,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Option321,It is a aweosme game. Hopely they can add where you can put the mod cars on Spintires
76561198287110433,Recommended,263280,25324574,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,BeebeeGaming (Gregor),Really want to play with my Brother but he has a mac :( Is there any way
76561198258155409,Recommended,263280,25265394,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ancientindiangamer,"This is the most interesting off roading game I have ever played. I have always enjoyed Rock climbing and offroading machines videos. Folmula 1 and Nascar racing do not appeal to me. And lot of games exist of that genre. I like to see raw power of machine to fight against nature. I like to see a big powerful truck, who not only manages himself to get out of mud but hauls tonnes of load. Don't get me wrong. Shining vehicles look nice, but a big machine with a powerful engine and muscular wide tires COVERED IN MUD is more manly. If you are like me. This is the game for you. The real secret of this game is mud physics. This is what sets it apart.You can not only enjoy driving these vehicles but you can customize them. Oh my God, So many customization options.And don't get me started on the mods. So many types of vehicles to play with. All exotic beautiful machines. If you are a car guy. You will be surprised to see that these kind of machine exist too.This game has taken vehicle simulating to a whole new level.Love this game."
76561198026649366,Not Recommended,263280,24891499,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,chrisstick1,its dead Jim.
76561198305130937,Recommended,263280,24236914,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DanielHarmes77,This has to be the best driving/offroading tech ever
,Recommended,263280,10651090,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BlackWolf,"Great game, No Lag, Relaxing, outdoors, just amainzing."
76561198218613493,Recommended,263280,18837275,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,DRAGRACER!!!,my game wont load when i start it on steam it closes what can i do
76561198126090658,Recommended,263280,21572440,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Flip_it_,"got the game, was great for a few days then just started crashing. I cant get past the main menu, tried uninstalling it and redownloading it, still didnt work"
76561198085941812,Not Recommended,263280,20464338,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Roberto,"Very badly made game. The game is full of glitches right off the bat-mouse dissapears-resolution always resets-any vehicle starts auto driving-does not work with logitech racing wheel/petals/programmable joy buttonsSome cons of the game, driving over small rocks and small ammounts of mud can bring you to a dead stop, if you even try to play this game in a racing chair with a wheel and petals forget about it. You need 4 arms and hands to drive, use a keboard, and a mouse to move to be able to play the game because of a lack of first person.Utter garbage game would never reccomend to anyone even wanting to play with mouse and keyboard."
76561197990137670,Not Recommended,263280,12696469,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,kpavv,"Looks good. I bought it. It isnt good. Dont buy it.I would recommend my worst enemy to buy this game, and then i would feel bad and give him my firstborn in compensation for getting him to buy a useless game like this."
76561198207730951,Recommended,263280,18478934,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,m5henkhaus,awesome
,Not Recommended,263280,12749952,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,tweeber69,"Looked really cool and judging by the reviews it was a good game to play. Nobody said that it's pretty much impossible to get anywhere.Played it for 83 minutes and got to one place on the map but then quickly destroyed the tiny truck they gave me. I used to have a Cherokee that tons better than any of the trucks in the game. This is not very realistic. One of the biggest problems I had was just trying to see what the hell was behind me or in front of me. Would be nice to be able to get out of the truck at least just to look around. The other problem is that most of these trucks are gutless. I can't go up most inclines without having to winch myself up them. Almost every river I came to was impossible to cross. I'd either get stuck on something under the water or I'd sink or get washed away. Almost every road has about 2 feet of mud on it so you're constantly getting stuck. I thought it would be fun to just cruise around with the occasional muddy spot like it is in most backwoods areas. This game wasn't very fun. Instructions suck too making it a little more difficult to figure out. If I could return this (seriously Steam, your refund policy sucks), I'd return it in a heart beat."
76561197977823133,Not Recommended,263280,12757506,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Guerilla,No mod support yet... Not worth it until then.
,Not Recommended,263280,12759429,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,sHoOtS,"Looks great and a lot of effort has been put into the terrain and physics of the game however the gameplay is pretty limited. Pretty much diff-lock on 4wd engaged press forward.The UI is unfinished and very unintuative and difficult to choose your vehicle especially with the laggy mouse control.I would like to see some more useful attachments to the vehicles, i like how you have the ability to control the crane grabber but not yet found a use for it.Overall i'm not happy i paid money for this un-finished product."
76561197992675457,Not Recommended,263280,12853416,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,renegade316,the camera system is horrible makes it unplayable
76561197961432675,Not Recommended,263280,12807228,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,-=Ghost=-,"Game consists of most players left before u even get out of garage . Multiplayer menu is broken .. Does NOT show server version , or your version for that matter . only that u have wrong when u trie to join a server. so mutch WOW over the worst camera EVER!! .. and yeah list goes onI regret buying it....."
76561197993360810,Not Recommended,263280,12702474,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,mmolzahn,Updated and MS Sidewinder wheel and pedals no longer work
76561198278450050,Recommended,263280,21452952,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,AUDIO DOG,how do you do the map editor
76561198119590977,Recommended,263280,21571788,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,silverado02,can some on tell me why my game keeps crasing ive had it for 4 months never crashed befor uninstalled all mods and it still crashes i cant even play it any more
76561198022953922,Recommended,263280,21520681,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Plaute,"Excelent game, Best of 4x4 simulation, awesome graphis and effects. is a must because is a landmark in the genre. Keep in mind that this is a simulator, you wont find here any car making arcade jumps and high speed runs."
76561198072500575,Not Recommended,263280,29126314,Posted: 8 January,all,Mike Franco,The game was fun built my new pc and re-installed spin tires now it no longer works. I can load up the game and start my vehicle but the second I step on the gas the game crashes.  Looked online for fixes or help tried a few but none of them worked.  SpinTires was fun till it broke miss playing the game
76561198275803907,Recommended,263280,21444084,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,VeNom Levi,"I love Spintires but, It continously crashes and I don't know what to do. I have uninstalled it and reinstalled it but that did nothing. Please fix this isuue because I would love to play it again without it crashing.Thank you! -ChiefBozzGaming"
76561198336059595,Not Recommended,263280,25912642,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,KJ_FORD,NOT IMPRESSED cant play the mouse disapeers cant play other way :(
76561198335375654,Not Recommended,263280,25917120,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,merica7667,i have bought this game twice now and both of them have been ♥♥♥♥ed up when i try to load a map it says file is either broken or missing i have spent $60.00 now thinking maybe the first one was messed up but no they both are this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you idiots need to get your head out of your asses!!!
,Not Recommended,263280,26187187,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,midnight640,"You can tell that the team was inexperienced in gamemaking but talanted in programing. The technical part of the game is OK but the ergonomy and logic behind controls , gameplay, mapdesign is poor.For instance the game is filled with Negative Possibility spaces aka you reach a cool and hard to and there is no reward. A lot of trees are unbreakable and put so dence they lock parts of the maps and turn them into mazes instead of free roam places. The inability to cut these trees is also a oversight since the goal of the game is to transport wood?!Controls are lacking in the sence that you need a steering wheel to use the clutch and the shifting of gears is ridiculous you use the analog stick to navigate a tree of gears which is laid in pattern not comfortable for analog sticks.The difficulty is also problematic. There is a steep learing curve in the beginning and the interest is high, but after you learn how to get around the curve turns into a plato and all the other activities the game offers are simply time wasters. 5 hours in you will have seen everything the game can do and more dissapointing everything it can`t.Would not recomment if you are looking for something that will satisfy you for a long time."
76561198134608161,Recommended,263280,11563880,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,[ST-E] footballolie7,Good game i would rate this games 11/10 best game thanks
76561197971067225,Not Recommended,263280,16426318,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,BOLOGRAYXXXIII,"Yea, very good phisics, nice mud all over etc., but... There realy could be some good roads. No mather which truck U drive U always get stuck. And where are the bloody winches ?!!! I do not believe U drive on this kind of terrain without winch.  One more thing, game need more instructions."
,Recommended,263280,22243991,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,VR Deadlyapples,A game about collecting wood using vehicles in a physics based driving simulator.Spend 3 hours gathering wood only to tip over at the last bit and realise you have no friends to help you complete it so you go to bed and cry yourself to sleep.10/10 would play again! :DAll jokes aside it is a nicely made game and is good fun especially with silly friends who can't drive for poop! xD
,Not Recommended,263280,13701439,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,£l Pistoliero,"Save your money, don't buy this."
,Recommended,263280,18941678,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Space Pirate Ninja,I now have a phobia of mud10/10
76561198058404299,Not Recommended,263280,31493887,Posted: 1 May,all,Jinxed,As of 4/23/2016 there has been absolutely no updates or effort on this game.... = DEAD GAME... DONT BUY THIS DRECK!
76561197969479355,Recommended,263280,26005848,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,brentorius,yep
,Not Recommended,263280,31373101,Posted: 26 April,all,HatserFlats,"This game is fun yeah thats something good! But the game likes to crash a lot and have some grafical bugs.the game is now out of early acces, but they allready stopped releasing updates. soo it's not worth paying more then 10 bucks for it."
,Recommended,263280,13653554,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,saft,its so BA
,Recommended,263280,20581085,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,BBgurtz,"This is the BEST Game you will ever playAmazing Community,Excellent Gameplay,Overwhelming PhysicsYou will not Regret Buying this Game!"
,Recommended,263280,22103738,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Stormz69,"Hello, just recnetly when starting up the game it all runs fine but when it gets to the main menu it just goes black. I can still play the game,it doesnt freeze but i cannot see what im doing at all, could you please help me as i love this game but unable to play it."
,Recommended,263280,32166309,Posted: 3 June,all,treysurf101,i like it
,Recommended,263280,21590739,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Ensore,Off road greatness!
76561198038004447,Recommended,263280,10487846,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,ROBBASED,WHY IS IT NOT AVAIBLE FOR MAC AND I CANT DOWNLAOD IT?!!?!?!?!?
76561198152487454,Not Recommended,263280,24465885,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Crimson Foxx,"This game is bugged. I was very dissapointed as as soon as i load the game i have no mouse cursor. I checked on forums and it appears so so so many people have this issue and there is no clear explanation or fix. So many people give guesses as to how to fix it and way way too many errors and problems with those ideas. I strongly advise you NOT to buy this. You will waste good money on a possible different game. Its a poorly designed game that should not even have this kind of issue from the start. Yes, the trailer might make you think "" wow it looks like fun"" but dont be fooled. I have uninstalled it and just wish i hadnt wasted my time and money on such junk."
76561198167085591,Recommended,263280,33750231,Posted: 23 July,all,eeorman,"uyitiurf,,griu7yucwtetft37t4wt746e784tuy823686f76436tf"
76561198139090523,Recommended,263280,32769774,Posted: 25 June,all,Equinox,Good game...
76561198186007162,Recommended,263280,23438391,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Jamez1234567891011,this is an awsome game my brother and i play it all the time on his account...i dont have it but im working on getting the money for it
,Recommended,263280,30546461,Posted: 16 March,all,TurtleX,I like it
76561198061001376,Not Recommended,263280,16499820,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Fly,THIS GAME SUCKS!DsadAsadsauifdasgfdsab asdkjsdesah fbsdauasih
76561198059005296,Recommended,263280,21470973,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Rambo,"Great game, although since update constanly cashing. whats going on?"
76561198114532501,Recommended,263280,21474697,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,hamd-a-a_502,The Spintires Game can not work there is a problem says that the game[ Stop Working !!!]I have Windows 10Can you give me sollution for this problem
,Recommended,263280,26591700,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Pootis Birds,ITs great I love the chines love and the mexacains
,Recommended,263280,14426658,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,LeHippieMon3,Nice but kind of lacking. Would be a hit if you didn't get stuck so much and you could acttually drive!
76561198316686281,Not Recommended,263280,24333265,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,davies.leon00,CRAP GAME !!! Not impressed on this or steam. £20.00 wasted on crap that doest even want to work on my pc and ive done everything to get hold of steam and there is no contact back to me .... thinbk this site is a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and con
,Recommended,263280,24332008,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ardityaa,soviet simulator
,Recommended,263280,24307649,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Gopnik,Good.
76561198353828810,Recommended,263280,28641140,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dan2_72,good game
,Recommended,263280,18393274,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Ribit21,i cant access my zipped media folder after trying to install the blackwater project x map and now spintires doesnt workcan someone please help.
,Recommended,263280,22688219,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,bloodycoder1,Amazing game.the game is extremely realistic.just make sure you have a gaming computer otherwise it will lag very bad.
76561198211136625,Recommended,263280,22807190,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,WonderMold,I forget what time it is then next thing I know it's the next day.
76561198168927855,Not Recommended,263280,13673169,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,whitecleve,it comeacanit
76561198326018068,Recommended,263280,31109829,Posted: 12 April,all,SKIRT-SKIRT,how do i get new maps on spintires with out mods
76561197975327503,Recommended,263280,24750234,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,fopeano,"Despite the unimplemented features, lack of polish, and a horrifyingly bad relationship between the developer and publisher that threatens further development progress at all times, I love this game as it is now in it's current state.  There is nothing else like it and what's there is executed extremely well.  The seemingly simple goal of moving logs to a lumber mill involves great depths of open-ended problem solving and success feels very rewarding.   You can invest a couple hours on 1 run, which can be completely ruined by one bad descision.  That may sound bad, but it keeps you invested in and focused on your task which I find makes for great entertainment value.  I play this game with a combination of X360 controller and mouse/KB."
,Recommended,263280,22711982,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,cameron,Плата за страх
,Recommended,263280,22805357,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Vizone,Got 4 trucks stuck in 45 minutes. Who knew mud was so dangerous? Water crossings...flood the motor. Shortcut off a cliff....Rollin over.  Out of gas? Ur boned.10/10 would get stuck just to get un stuck again
76561198174577139,Recommended,263280,14186008,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,PINK IS L3GIT,this is a really good game keep it up
,Recommended,263280,14216338,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,killer666,"So far, I am loving this game, its a very simple concept, move crap to a storage area from across the map, whether your moving logs or fuel, getting to your objective is usually ok, well, then you load up your machine and figure out real quick how easy it is to get stuck (especially overloading the 2 wheel drive old beat up truck!), I found myself having to use several of my fleet to come to the rescue, whether I was winching my overloaded beast out of the mud, or trying to turn over a flipped truck, every road you go down is filled with its issues...I would recommend this game to anyone who loves offroading and physics based games... the graphics are quite good, the physics are nothing short of incredible, if they add some ""realistic"" damage modeling to the game and maybe some sort of playground, it would make this game unstoppable!For the price, BUY IT... its not for everyone, but its a change from the usual race and driving games out there."
76561197969760083,Not Recommended,263280,13519785,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Arlobadk,Great concept bad execution like all things russian
76561197998338012,Recommended,263280,26708666,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,BROOKUMAS,nice  game
76561198120482938,Recommended,263280,21675916,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,My Nemesis,I wish they would make it so tht people with Mac computers could play. I bought this game when I had a Windows and I switched to Mac later and I didn't no tht certain games u couldn't play on a mac
,Recommended,263280,21701874,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,SHANON155KING,great game
,Recommended,263280,21612207,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Deaton,This game is awesome.
76561198163399873,Recommended,263280,34590728,Posted: 29 August,all,Chief Tokka,Have a hundred and forty nine hours on record. It's an okay game.
76561198139160159,Not Recommended,263280,15274397,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Butt-Hole McSkids,fix the probvlems WRONG with the game before you add more stuff the game crashers all the time now and multitplayer spawning dosent ♥♥♥♥ing work at all you gotr it wright in the last update what the ♥♥♥♥ happened
,Recommended,263280,16981558,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,EvilKenevil,"This game, for the best, is ""complete"" - It is bug freeBut it is also abandoned, the Workshop community is only thing keeping it alive.... -- I recommend purchasing Spintires Mudrunner instead, is it created by pavel, who origional made spintires."
76561198090672661,Not Recommended,263280,17306060,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,tybot866,it sucks waste of money
76561198094321812,Not Recommended,263280,24646180,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Stalin,"The reason why you ask???  First off, many other people have said this as well, but the camera controlls and crap.Second, i try to work the dang winch, doesnt freakin' work! and many other issues like when i tried to get the the menu and it just wouldn't work. i pressed ""esc"" many times, finally, i had to close the game via task manager."
,Not Recommended,263280,19593679,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,DriftMachine,in 4 hours of trying to get this to play I have not been able to move thew truck one inch.
,Recommended,263280,34426073,Posted: 22 August,all,bigrig,osem
76561198169338685,Recommended,263280,35055513,Posted: 18 September,all,ZeroGamezHDX,Best game ever... Enough said...
,Recommended,263280,29576101,Posted: 29 January,all,batmanthegamer67,its a nice and good game i want it
76561198362934666,Recommended,263280,29520088,Posted: 27 January,all,rougm6439,"awesome game, a little difficult without a mouse. its hard to change the camera view to a specifec place. but all in all amazing fun offroading game. 9/10"
76561198079425694,Recommended,263280,34361252,Posted: 19 August,all,NvK.finder,very good gmae ha se very good graficts
,Recommended,263280,34398651,Posted: 21 August,all,Dopeboy,Very good game! <3
,Recommended,263280,20471104,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Clank24401,10/10 Would drown again.
,Recommended,263280,12154603,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Slumpdog,"Cool and interesting game, but the camera sucks!"
76561198288158262,Recommended,263280,28993339,Posted: 3 January,all,Nothing,great game runs like crap on my computer but thats fault     i love it
,Recommended,263280,25479525,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,noob,"Best game ever,But if steam can make map intall easy as the car mod that will be better"
,Recommended,263280,25496947,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Vladimir,The Best Simulator Russians wild and cars!!!!!!!
,Recommended,263280,12614324,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Polaroid Jackson,"Drove some old Russian trucks, got stuck in some deep as hell mud, 11/10 will offroad again. Only wish it had Workshop support."
,Recommended,263280,11288624,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Riley2142,This says it all:Redneckin' from your couch!10/10 my neck is red.
,Recommended,263280,33127207,Posted: 2 July,all,Scottish Bloke,good so far expeccially in the steam sale only£4.00 i wouldnt pay full price for it though
76561198052479540,Not Recommended,263280,16327191,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DR_JDUBZ,"Devs abondoned this game because they would rather keep the game in pavels grubby hands than put it in the hands of someone actually willing to work on it. This game is EA, the filthy devs just pulled a Code Hatch and call this the finished game."
,Recommended,263280,28438346,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,RaefordRedneck,"Everytime I hit play game it says preparing game, opens up the game window and then says oops spintires has crashed, somebody please help"
76561198084433681,Recommended,263280,13703889,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sherman1945,"An awesome game. Despite the fact that its graphics are not amazing it is still a great game. (The graphics are still preety good, but just not state of the art.)"
,Recommended,263280,11011825,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Kazuya,dont be silly and buy this game... instead get the ♥♥♥♥ me silly mega masturbatorhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8vWYVUkhPEitl do you more good.. trust me
,Recommended,263280,17909214,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Poprin,"Spintires is a slow paced off-road driving simulation. I found this game to be addictive and at the same time very relaxing and enjoyable to play! I have spent many hours carefully traversing the varied maps and setting up a strategy for success. This usually includes selecting the correct vehicle for the job and then getting support vehicles setup in the correct locations on the map to get the job done (i.e. refuelling tankers / tow and repair vehicles).At the games core you need to deliver logs from one location on the map to another, which is a challenge! There are many mods for this game and the community is very active. I think this game is a must for simulation enthusiasts with a bit of patience, do not expect to be charging round the maps at speed. Even in the jeep getting any kind of speed up is unlikely!I have played the game with Keyboard / Mouse and Xbox controller. The Xbox controller allows for finer throttle control on paved roads and when in high ratio. However the vast majority of the game can be played with Keyboard / Mouse as you are able to control throttle input and gears with the mouse in a linear fashion when in low ratio using the force acceleration option.The criticisms I would level against this game are: Lack of a much needed tutorial, it took me 10+ hours of playing before I figured out the force acceleration mechanic which transformed the game for me. I realise the game is about getting stuck in mud, but it would be nice if there was more technical driving sections, small roads to navigate and such. Also the camera and angles is not the best implementation… it’s not terrible it could just be a lot better!Overall this game is a very solid 8/10. The graphics are very good (bar a few clipping issues sometimes when the mud gets churned up a lot). The sound effects on the whole are of good quality and are immersive and the control scheme is unique and enjoyable when you learn all its facets."
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,263280,12103563,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,WHOOLEE,"Not much to this game tbh, you will be bored very quickly.At this price you should wait for a sale, at least half its price.Just severly lacks content and anything to do beyond the first half hour."
,Not Recommended,263280,10575453,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Seal,stupid camera angles
76561198141513962,Not Recommended,263280,11079222,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ghh,This game ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sucks! I just spent 2 hours with my friend trying to get myself out of a ditch and he flipped me over when he winched me and he flipped himself over too. OMG! WTF?
,Not Recommended,263280,12678113,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ThorSenpai,Complete waste of money. The physics are HORRIBLE.  Soild looking ground turns out to be a mud pit that a military class 6 wheeler gets stuck in while in all wheel drive. SOO bad
,Not Recommended,263280,22611644,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Karamell,"NEW REVIEW; Do not buy Spintires.I don't write many reviews but I feel like telling the world NOT to buy this.It is a good game, I've had some fun with friends and not so much fun online (everyone just leaves you alone on the server)So why do I not recommend it? Because the developers of this game is.. you guess it.. sucking d*** for money.They have recently had huge problems with the game making it crash all the time, I think it's fixed or fixed soon, but instead of focuzing on the game they have and develop it into a full game worth more than 5-6 maps you get totaly bored of after you finish them, they deside that they need to make more money, so they are now going to port it over to PS and Xbox releasing it next year.. You can find cars people have made in the workshop, but all achivements and stuff is turned off when playing these vehicles, and since you have just a few maps the vehicles just arent enough to keep it going.The developers have been radio silence for months, don't buy this!The developers want to buy BMW cars with your money, don't buy this!The developers dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about you, or the game, don't buy this!I regret every moment I supported this game.Like most Early Access games, it's not complete, loads of bugs and to be honest.. Driving stupid vehicles just to get stuck  doing boring repeating missions isn't worth your time....It isn't even early access anymore"
,Not Recommended,263280,26311901,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,McBain,great game
,Not Recommended,263280,12331008,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,northernwv,"Boring, unrealistic mud height ruins game by getting stuck every 2 feet."
,Not Recommended,263280,13920472,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Enthony,"The good: Graphics are beautiful, esp the scenery.  As any redneck will tell you driving trucks in the mud is fun.The bad: Apparantly the dev and pub are no longer working together, there are posts all ove the community hub about this.The ugly:The menus and HUD (or lack thereof).Overall 4.5/10"
76561198101652734,Not Recommended,263280,18480847,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,What a nice guy,Don't buy this game!!!No updates! Nothing!
76561198274974300,Not Recommended,263280,22483778,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,FaZe Teeqo,♥♥♥♥ING WORST GAME ON EARTH
76561198353992787,Not Recommended,263280,30327378,Posted: 4 March,all,drakonloosekill1,can't play
,Not Recommended,263280,11882314,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,weedlord bonerhitler,"This game is hella garbo. WOW DRIVING AROUND IN THE WOODS SO INCREDIBLE!The only people who can find any appeal in this game are the mega-autistic nerdlords who♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the ♥♥♥♥ out about REAL TIME MUD DEFORMATION. Anyone else will find it painfully slow and boring.The game has no real point. You just travel to where the logs are, then collect them and bring them back. That's it. That is literally 100% of SPINTIRES. You drive around a forest looking for logs, then take them back.For anyone who is neurotypical, you'll get tired of driving (slowly) in the woods real fast. It's a novel idea, but I feel real bad that I paid $30 for this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198015736191,Not Recommended,263280,28475578,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,phillipinpc,"Started out ok.  SOUND OF VEHICLES IS AWEFUL, dont expect to hear anything but the drone od an engine with an rpm range of about 200. The code for this game revolved around russian diesel engines and no matter how you mod it, you will never have even remotely an authentic sounding vehicle, diesel, gas burner, none!!!. Camera views are insanely awkward and gives the feeling you driving a RC car with dead batteries in the remote. Updates are over, devs took the money and ran, nothing is going to change from what you see right now, outside of modding and they cant change the codecs for the engines sounds. I bought the game for 5 bucks and am dissappointed, now its $30 and I wouldnt even try it for that. The game is called spin tires yet even wide open throttle will barely SPIN THE TIRES and sling little mud. Just an overall dissappointment!!!!!!!!!!!  You been warned."
76561198048832654,Not Recommended,263280,28856220,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mabus1,"The original tech demo for this was interesting, but the game itself doesn't seem to have actually improved a lot on that original demo. There are new maps and new demos, but it runs as poorly as the tech demo did - if not worse. The developers of the game have been horrific in their communication with the community. Numerous promises have been left unfulfilled, and the apparent lack in internal communication has resulted in bugs being introduced which have made the game unplayable (intentionally perhaps it would seem) to be fixed ages after introducing them.As it is, this product is buggy, prone to crash, and generally unpolished. It can be enjoyable, but you need to wade through a lot of frustration to get to that. Just go find the old tech demo. Not much to do in it, but there isn't much to do in the full game either. With no dev communication in over half a year as of this review, there appears to be no likely improvement of it either.Edit as of 9/11/17: A new game sharing the name and engine is being released while this game has still received no updates of consequence (if any). DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME. To call this abandonware is generous. As for the next one, who knows."
,Not Recommended,263280,14156248,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,penguinstuxedo,Bought it to play with friends. Looked interesting enough from the videos but when playing the physics seem to be terrible. Either all of the terrain in Russia is actually wet sand or this game is just wrong. Really wishing I could get my money back from this super boring game.
,Not Recommended,263280,13916339,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Hawkchanskiy,"=================================      DO NOT BUY IT!!!        ==============================This is not a final product that shopuld be on sale. This is a demo-version of a potentially interesting game that was ruined buy a greedy and lazy developers. Last update (early 2015) was the final drop in my bowl of angryness about this game. This game absolutely not worht this money. It doesnt have any economics, any missions, it doesnt have a proper multiplayer it doesnt have any motivating factors to play it over again. This game was in developement for YEARS and they've done just this demo with a few vehicles and a few maps (like 5 of them) wich u can complete in a few hours. No patching, no impovement on this pre-alpha product (they tell u this is a final product - dont believe this♥♥♥♥♥♥, no even excuses. Oovee u are now in my personal devs-blackilst. U are a lazy and greedy bunch of liars, nothing more."
,Recommended,263280,12658016,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,BootyEater5000,Physical Realism14/10
76561198069071144,Recommended,263280,12660049,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Vinster_Beta,One of the best Simulators i've ever played
,Not Recommended,263280,13081203,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,SpazeMan,"Good grafics and all that, but they ♥♥♥♥ing need to make some other camer angle, like from inside cockpit and several other that IS NOT moving on outside, feels like GTA in the jungel or something, really ruins the game"
,Recommended,263280,12665808,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,BIG_FISH_123,it is awsome
,Not Recommended,263280,13113834,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Tidreit,"Spintires is as the title says! SPIN those tires! and find a way out somehow, the game i find is good, but lacks a lot of stuff."
76561198085514718,Not Recommended,263280,20634204,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,BretGoingBroke,"I liked the game, but there was no tuorial or walkthrough explaining how to play the game. On your map it will show the obective but once you get there there is no way to know how to actually complete the objective. I often played the game to drie around and mess about because I had no idea wha I was doing. Don't get me wrone this is a great game for anyone into this kind of gameplay. With all the cool trucks and environmental effects but this one just wasn't for me."
,Not Recommended,263280,20230969,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Lorenzo,Constantly getting a 'Game files differ from original' message. Followed steps to fix it and then it happens again! The game will also not download mods from the Steam workshop so the game is basically plagued with technical problems making it unplayable.
76561198135716127,Not Recommended,263280,25098619,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,tombathfg,i had no cursor so the game was unplayable for me :( such a shame cause the game looks awesome
76561198193089518,Not Recommended,263280,15497978,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,razor_1988a,really laggy not able to play help me somebody
76561198194993099,Not Recommended,263280,25959903,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,speedyracer2001,the game start at all i don't know why this is happening suggest do not get this game
76561198127451532,Recommended,263280,30808232,Posted: 28 March,all,spikeonaleash,i got a truck and trailer stuck SO BAD that it glitched the trailer INTO the truck sending both ROCKETING into the sky ....100% totally realistic...
76561198006967152,Not Recommended,263280,20254145,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Überguy,Thought it would be a nice driving simulator but it was utterly boring by the fact that you were empty on gas only after 40 seconds driving and the mud mechanics are so hopelessly unrealistic when you sink half your giant veichle next to rocks and trees that never finds place on mud!
76561198162558363,Not Recommended,263280,12869960,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,kanthony582,can not play game will not load
76561197979792563,Not Recommended,263280,15148887,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Bacon117,"This is  fairly fun game, but the user interface is seriously bad.  You can get used to it, but the game would be so much more fun if it wasn't such a PITA to interact with. I would not buy this game if I had it to do over again."
76561198200726546,Not Recommended,263280,18839032,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,farid 2705,the game suddenly crashed...and sometimes twitch all of the sudden...pleasen help...does anyone had the same experience as i'm going through right now? thanx...
76561198277720160,Recommended,263280,23411345,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,danielhedges971,can you please put SPINTIRES on sale for X-Box 360. i would love it if u could
76561198313788333,Not Recommended,263280,24136144,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,cardiologydm,"Hey guys. Just bought spintires online on steam. After finishing 684mb downloading and installation, unable to start the game. Startup game crash. the game didnt start even once. system stops responding. No antivirus loaded other than windows defender."
76561198200149097,Not Recommended,263280,29881059,Posted: 12 February,all,ddot588,I CANT SEE MY MOUSE
76561198014448211,Not Recommended,263280,21013993,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,adamoneil,"Intriguing concept, but I couldn't make sense of the controls, and I just got stuck in the mud after 100 meters or so of travel. As far as I could tell that was the end of the game. I know it's not *really* the end of the game, but if the game designers are that cruel, then it might as well be. Regret the purchase."
76561198251777710,Not Recommended,263280,26173142,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,HaydenBossBum,i do not like it because i do not have engine sound steam will not help
,Not Recommended,263280,12685439,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Swantopia,looks good but is a big pile of boring love muck
76561198141713652,Recommended,263280,35036134,Posted: 17 September,all,Bala Cringe,Good laugh with mates love it very good looking game!
76561198130869394,Not Recommended,263280,12693102,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Moon Truther,its ok but kinda boreing :/ buy it when on sale if you don't trust me
76561198273033724,Recommended,263280,35044337,Posted: 18 September,all,Mcmissle,VERY GOOD I LIKE THIS GAME VERY MUCH WITH THIS GAME LOVE YOU SPINTIRES
76561198007730439,Not Recommended,263280,18667177,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,rm,"Absolute rubbish, trucks get stuck so easily with no winch points to get them out, winch cable is so short. Some points on the road are compleatly impassable, even with truck empty. Why must I olso be loged in to play ?"
,Not Recommended,263280,24124840,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Reloaded,"Thought this was going to be an interesting game to vegetate on. 30 minutes in and I was too bored to continue.Camera angles are crap for the most part, just put in a cockpit camera view and that problem will be solved.Mud, mud everywhere. For the entire 30 minutes I was playing, i was pretty much slowly moving through mud. I suspect that's why the game is called ""Spintires"". Need less mud and more chaotic terrain to traverse."
76561198036230105,Recommended,263280,21037789,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Chuck,this is actually epic!
76561198284157277,Not Recommended,263280,35183883,Posted: 24 September,all,.#NOob,Pirated it. Enjoyed it. Bought it. Hated it.
76561198151540337,Recommended,263280,13090179,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,kitkaat71,"this doesnt seem to happen to anyone else expect me, my computer isnt a bad one. But it says once i load up the created shortcut for Spin Tires ""Could Not Confg."" I dont know what this means? My Spin Tires wont repond now and wont let me play until i understand how to fix this problem. (Please Help, Offical Help!)"
,Recommended,263280,14091553,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,music denny,IT IS COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
,Not Recommended,263280,14081461,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Scott ♥™,My truck tipped in the mud so I never played it again
76561198095188172,Not Recommended,263280,14057988,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Spoos,HORRIBLE THE GAME CRASHES WHEN I TRY TO PLAY DONT GET THIS IS HORRIBLE!
76561198353891848,Recommended,263280,31654538,Posted: 9 May,all,Artysauce,Its cuul
,Recommended,263280,32713524,Posted: 23 June,all,gyeung,I wanted to drink a bottle of Vodka and learn how to say Russian afterwards.
76561198121066809,Recommended,263280,20093444,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,horsebrackets,"Excellent game. This is a driving game that isnt about speed or adrenaline, its about getting stuck in the mud & pulling yourself out. Picking the right route through the trees, or getting down that embankment without rolling over. Easy to learn, hard to master, just like a good game should be.Graphics are beautiful, and it runs very smoothly on my sad old 2gb vid card."
76561198165773225,Recommended,263280,21648953,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,finlayking,THIS GAME IS A PEASE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥THAT CRASE EVERY 5 SECS
,Recommended,263280,14334207,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ATREYu 101 #OGC,"In Soviet Russia, Truck drives you!!10/10 bears on unicycles"
76561198024014625,Not Recommended,263280,28260005,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,farkewtwo,can not find all controls makes it hard to play
76561198050879356,Recommended,263280,10462022,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,zyly42,pure fun but maybe not worth 30$maybe a little bit difficult to understand at first.
,Recommended,263280,12333403,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Misfit,Feel over lots of times and raged. 11/10 would play again.
76561198089587811,Recommended,263280,19274497,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Emileos Pizza,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
76561198158599296,Recommended,263280,23321664,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,ericshepperson,i love this game
,Not Recommended,263280,12266724,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Tylerbeef,THE WORST GAME IVE EVER BOUGHT.
,Not Recommended,263280,11414405,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Thebrycedude,Its really hard to understand... I really dont get the point of the game at all... dont get how people can sit here and play it..
76561198218545208,Not Recommended,263280,22705362,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,bryantcoker79,its oh ok game what make this a oh ok game is the mod you can get for it but thats it and its over prices
45457766776677667,Not Recommended,263280,11135164,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,RENILO never lucky,"good for about 2,5 hours of entertainment but after that you run out of stuff to do and it gets repetetive, i would not recomend this game right now since its really dead and the devs takes years to update it.if you`re looking to buy this game i would wait a few months and see if they updated or good mods come out,but eaven then there is no multiplayer mod support so thats a bit boring."
76561198160503101,Recommended,263280,12656038,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,millzywow,VERY DISAPPIONT CANT GET MODS TO WORK AS SEEMS AS THOUGH THERE IS NO ADD TRUCK BUTTON IN THE IN GAME
76561198028325739,Recommended,263280,12665315,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,P1,It's really good at what it does.
76561198240715948,Not Recommended,263280,33280211,Posted: 5 July,all,Ready2Drift,Could not play the game. There was no cursor. Couldn't get out of the menus.
76561198093057711,Not Recommended,263280,26725397,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,M'aiq the Liar,M'aiq was bored out of his mind.
76561198093096322,Not Recommended,263280,23874702,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,JuGGis,"Pyörivät renkaat ovat mielestäni hieno asia, mutta tämä pyörivät renkaat eivät ollenkaan hieno asia.Tätä rengasläjää en suosittele kellekkään täysjärkiselle ihmisolennolle.Nollakauttaviisi."
76561198062752981,Not Recommended,263280,19685225,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,X-I.M.A. Target,"I found this game to be more than a bit frustrating. I've given it a go several times and have now uninstalled, with no plans of returning.  The game lacks direction on what missions are or how they are to be accomplished. I also didn't find the in game help very helpful. Driving games aren't generaly my thing, but this was highly rated and on sale so I gave it a go and now I'm gone."
76561198200416999,Recommended,263280,28210850,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,One Tapping Thot,f**********k me in thhheeeee but
76561198170441513,Recommended,263280,23336335,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,GTX27,gooooooooooooooooooooood
76561198097650207,Not Recommended,263280,13115480,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Robertinator,How do i get a refund???
,Not Recommended,263280,13115752,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,aPerfectPlayer,"You're going to spend a lot of time stuck in the mud. I moved a truck around 30' in the time I played this game. I really cannot recommend this one, it isn't fun to play."
76561198176525847,Not Recommended,263280,20222244,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Soldier Elite,AERHYFVICDJwoeifedjiuwhrqwedsfipjewirujfopwak
76561198104393059,Recommended,263280,14120776,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Campbell kid,my spin tries an't working
,Recommended,263280,26215511,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Adopt,Good game
,Recommended,263280,22732258,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,a little to pitch perfect,hi
76561198251125962,Recommended,263280,21577338,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,fast cat,"great game for offroading.one problem,lately when i launch it it freezes after 5 seconds and any button i press closes the window. 9/10 would drive a uaz into a tree again"
76561198142223180,Not Recommended,263280,21980276,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/chargme,"this game makes my computer gpu overheat, im playin games like gta v and have  not the same issue,♥♥♥♥♥♥game!"
76561198043184063,Not Recommended,263280,23022598,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Rhys_Eng,"Average at best, boring. limited features."
76561198157504544,Recommended,263280,22802897,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,TheThirdReich,The game broke and i can't fix it.
,Not Recommended,263280,13799712,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,smallgabe,"Needs work, the publisher is apparently not holding up their end of the bargain and letting the developer work on the game, steam please resolve this.EDIT: 2016Well this never got resolved and the game is dead FFFF u ooovee!"
,Recommended,263280,28698143,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,somatsu,"Excellent game!Fun in single player, even more fun in multiplayer with friends :)"
76561198171324834,Not Recommended,263280,28740974,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,rnobles,CONTROLS ARE COMPLETE♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!
76561198278348863,Recommended,263280,34382822,Posted: 20 August,all,GrayStillPlays,why are players saying this spin tires is getting aboned i think mud runner is a dlc for spin tires
,Recommended,263280,13505125,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Doedoe,yes
76561198342680433,Recommended,263280,28418744,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Bofa_Deez_,im ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i bought it and it wont ♥♥♥♥ing open wtf
76561198003996728,Recommended,263280,21618066,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,wanted31,UBER GOOD T1000 2016
,Not Recommended,263280,10507585,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Psychosis306,This game is awefull and frustrating. I wish i could return it. DO NOT BUY unless you are super into off road sim
76561197999567743,Not Recommended,263280,10518933,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Wawful,"Doesn't even count as a game IMO. Theres too much mud to have any productive fun when driving and the worst camera i've ever encountered in any game or software makes the simple things aggravating. The user interface is clunky and confusing, especially the manual gearshifter...... that thing is a nightmare to handle and once you accidentally tap the ""R"" button you are comitted to use it which sucks. The cloaking and objetives are impossible to get to unless you are a fan of failing at seemingly simple challenges. (i.e. driving in a straight line for 100m) This might as well be tech demo 2.0"
76561198083235415,Not Recommended,263280,25811362,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,thedonser93,"Tis good game Da.Lacks content, well.. really anything to do.get it for a buck or 2 sure.thats about all its worth though :("
,Not Recommended,263280,23910613,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,"""If your players can't trust you, you've already lost."" -HarvesteRI regret supporting the dev's and publishers of this game.Avoid this game and all work by parties involved. I dont have to say why, its all over the communitys both public and private and in media. See and decide for yourself. I supported this game and now i am just flat out embarrassed for trusting these guys.Fool me once shame on me, F*** your fans over destroy the thing they paied for and populate thier systems with bad div files... shame on you!"
76561198140522568,Not Recommended,263280,10586009,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,gatormac23,it wont work if you dont have a intel processer
,Recommended,263280,10491108,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,SinD,Pavel is bae torrent this game and donate £20 to pavels paypal
,Not Recommended,263280,10611089,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hattraxz,"Two words ""Awesome physics"" but having said that, there is not much else to the game it is only recommended for gamers who are interested in the above mentioned physics effects or getting stuck in muck"
76561198043199957,Not Recommended,263280,11160466,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,fpgt95,The game is neat but the interface is poor and not intuitive. After 30 minutes I'm done with it. Boring game play. This game should've cost 4.99 not 29.99. Rip-off!!!  I want my money back! Below mediocre schmucks get rich selling ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games on steam for lots of money.
76561198059464693,Not Recommended,263280,11114161,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,chris,"I have Bought some Crap Games in my Lifetime,but this has got to be the Worst I have Bought/Played..Complete and Utter Garbage..After Reading the Good Reviews of this,I can Only Say that the People who think it is a Brilliant Game,need their Heads Examining and the Sooner the Better....A Total Waste of Money...."
,Not Recommended,263280,22856625,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,kev,spintires is still broken... what a waste of my money and time
,Not Recommended,263280,19785761,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,exceler_8,Not good at all.
76561198162398444,Recommended,263280,24719715,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,lgwally,mine lags a lot idk what could be the problem.. any ideas anybody???
,Not Recommended,263280,28754583,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SergeantSte97_YT,Game stopped working after playing it for about half an hour
76561198136281730,Not Recommended,263280,23343252,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,will5539,my esc key doesnt work every time i get an update it resets the comtroles to defult and i forget to change it last time. i would like to know what i can do to get out of this world in on hardcore and all my trucks sre turned over i will not be playing entile this is fixed
76561198352285459,Not Recommended,263280,28550214,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,kylebrown1993,bought this game thought i would be sick cant even get it to run just flashes wtf
76561198284183186,Recommended,263280,31170198,Posted: 15 April,all,mikebsza82,"BEST OFFROADING, HARDCORE MUDDING, MODDABLE GAME OUT THERE!!!!!!!!!!!!! RECOMMEND %100"
76561198174240477,Not Recommended,263280,18517725,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,bridgerscottjohnson,This game is okay but it wont let me play on mac. they wont even refund me!!
,Not Recommended,263280,21792074,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Ishikawa,"A greedy editor and a greedy coder doesn't go well together, especially since the coder startup a drama every years with ""i'm leaving"", or sabotaging the game.It's a cool game but has no real future. Skip anything made by the dev."
76561197967662757,Not Recommended,263280,20216086,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,HituseXmex,Fake multiplayer!
,Not Recommended,263280,16497483,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[TSRVTC]✮ МгҤαгѵ ✮,Regret buying this
76561198141292247,Not Recommended,263280,30694238,Posted: 23 March,all,Jimbo,"This is the dumbest game ever.  Very limited controls, (UP DOWN THATS IT FOR THE CRANE)  so F**King Annoying.DO NOT BUY, DO NOT WAIST YOUR MONEY."
76561197972535489,Not Recommended,263280,12170790,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,KOS762,"Another game by Steam, that has no point, plot, or motive.   Plus the roads are♥♥♥♥♥♥ and so are the trucks.   theonly thing that is good, it the graphics, the rest is just holding down ""w"" and trying to stay on the road.   thats it!!"
,Not Recommended,263280,31333642,Posted: 23 April,all,Cereal KilleR,good game but the devs can jump on a rusty pole
,Not Recommended,263280,10462587,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Ansem,Bad camera views. Would be alot better in 1st person. and if the mods were still possiable
76561198052214710,Not Recommended,263280,12681540,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,johnny_m_j,"I seriously do not understand all the good ratings for this game...- Very poor graphics (no wonder, the game is only just over 500 MB)- Absolutely no explaination of what's going on, you'll probably have to dig up a guide to find out- Everything is about getting stuck in the mud/water, and how to get out. Right from the very few first meters.I usually avoid indie games, because most of them are (imo) pure garbage. This one is no exception. One of my worst purchases ever."
76561198312419221,Not Recommended,263280,25249306,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,careese11,This game is junk. I can not get it to work and my computer supports window 7. Have asked for a refund and was told no refund could be given. This site is a complete fraud. None of the games work and you pay for them. Need to get your site up and working completely or dont offer the games at a fee.
76561198345061353,Not Recommended,263280,26739149,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,awsomecobra59,Its too laggy
76561198318751241,Recommended,263280,25859211,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,grecoderr,my game wont start
,Not Recommended,263280,23330360,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Torq,this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing trash i cant even get out of the ♥♥♥♥ing test drive place and it spawns me upside down so i cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game waste of thirty dollars dont buy
76561197970680484,Recommended,263280,22616735,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Shane,"Overall GameplayIts a small game (628MB download size), the game has a dozen Trucks/Trailers, with a handful of maps (or) locations depending on how you view things, the main point of the game is too explore each map, unlocking new trucks/trailers along the way which you then use to repair, refuel other trucks which are needed too transport logs to key map locations.Multiplayer ModesMultiplayer is almost a complete waste of time, people leave the game, it crashes, forced into mods alot of the time, host always afk and dont start the round, and so forthMy Computer SpecAMD FX 6300 (6core) @ 3.50 GHzGeforce 960 GTX8GB DDR3 RamRunning Max graphics @ 60+fps (on triple monitors)ConclusionI highly recommend this game, its a fanatastic experience with a wheel/pedals, its a seriously addicting adventure at every turn. and i wish there was more games like this on the market.Why are you wasting your time reading this review, buy the game and join us...Score9/10"
,Not Recommended,263280,25831200,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,gamerjosh13r,to much lag please fix or give refund
76561198197409690,Not Recommended,263280,22787301,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,BOSSMAN,"its a Great game, but i cant play it on my macbook."
76561197979231723,Not Recommended,263280,10487799,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Trainman,For the money it isn't worth it ok game looks good graphics are nice but i wouldn't recommend this game waste of money.One thing i hate is driving leave base stuch in the mud start again something bigger to drive just as bad. I mean why so muddy even on easy mode its silly. Its like the whole map has been flooded for a year there so much mud. I feel really out of pocket buying this game really thought it was going to be good.
76561198087654892,Not Recommended,263280,26706643,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Michael,workshop items are♥♥♥♥♥♥ My mexican friend ♥♥♥♥ed sabrina tonight!
,Not Recommended,263280,25887332,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,JD,guh
,Not Recommended,263280,23411733,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,selzear,"Laggy as hell and barely any fun, dont waste your money on this."
,Not Recommended,263280,33620392,Posted: 17 July,all,Badonkers,♥♥♥♥ING SCAM
76561198135112030,Not Recommended,263280,23424058,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,A Redneck Trucker,Everything on this game is low quality and not working right
,Not Recommended,263280,22902642,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Tom,"its fun if you are a ♥♥♥♥♥ that likes to drive in mud only like 10 mph. realistic physics, not realistic power and such. Sort of worth the money."
,Recommended,263280,28733597,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,fadiel,ada angkot loh
76561198295702697,Recommended,263280,28705131,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mr.Foxy,i love This game! i love muding!
,Not Recommended,263280,28481065,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Team Elite Storm,Crashes steam
76561198271157390,Not Recommended,263280,24221357,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ELEMENT OF SUPRISE,i love the game
,Not Recommended,263280,21615676,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Rox,"DO NOT BUY !its a really fun game, but the publisher and the dev had a big disagremment and the dev was intentionally putting bugs to disturbe the game.THIS GAME IS ABANDONED"
76561198173209309,Not Recommended,263280,30175587,Posted: 25 February,all,legolasnorway,"it is so bad. it is thanks to supid friends, who got me to get this game,  who sucks at undturnd who thinks hi is good but is sooooooo bad, go fight him"
76561198060721816,Not Recommended,263280,28864939,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,trentmeyer23_au,Way too difficult to play. Requested refund.
76561198160620677,Not Recommended,263280,28570989,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Shrok,Don't buy this i've regret buying it since the first 10 min of playing
76561197977267103,Recommended,263280,20320346,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Conspiracy Theory,"Not had SPINTIRES long (X-mas 2015/Jan 2016), but (for a title still in development) the game works great (I run at Max settings in an i7 GTX780 rig with 16Gb RAM,........... and the game controls work FAR BETTER than in Metal Gear Solid 5 (which I refunded because they were too incompetent to allow full re-mapping of the Keyboard for all left-handed users to use the Number_Keypad).The SPINTIRES Mods on the Steam Workshop are brilliant, and provide an astounding number of options ahead.Well done all who are involved in improving this game.Shame on you KONAMI."
,Not Recommended,263280,10498768,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Smasher0,this game is complete garbage. has to be the worst ive ever played. don't waste your money.
76561198004633386,Not Recommended,263280,23674993,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Broncanus,would not recommend to anyone it is very bad. the physics are cringy and seem 15 years out of date.  the trucks are stupid slow the maps are terrible and small and overall i feel it has no realism whatsoever.
76561198116585199,Not Recommended,263280,26607432,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Twistedx992,"Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage, Absolute garbage,"
,Not Recommended,263280,11080196,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,GameAHolicYT,DO NOT BUY NOT WORTH THE MONEY IT HAS COOL FACTORS BUT IT HAS MORE TERRIBLE ONES I HATE THIS GAME YOU GET STUCK IN AN INCH OF MUD IN THE BIGGEST VEHICLES AND NO RESET BUTTON WHEN YOUR STUCK YOUR STUCK FOREVER UNTIL YOU GO TO MENU AND RESTART!!!!!!!!! THE CAMERA ANGLING IS DIFFICULT AND HARD TO DO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DONT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BLARAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HORROBLE GAME!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,263280,18684847,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,▬█▬█▬snipz▬█▬█▬™,DONT BUY THISwhen i press esc it is sapost to come up with a menu but no it cranshes your gamedo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buydo not buy
76561198398564529,Not Recommended,263280,32706186,Posted: 23 June,all,Cpt.DoubleGuns,"when i start the game, i cannot play it since my mouse arrow is not displayed :("
76561198087595831,Not Recommended,263280,10471347,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,gogs1964,A very frustrating gameFind something better to buy with your money
76561198307595156,Not Recommended,263280,24004189,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,basl123,no
76561198034463338,Not Recommended,263280,23877863,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,dragon_mater77,spintires is gay as ♥♥♥♥
76561198062494297,Not Recommended,263280,10454041,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Victor Von Doom,"I thought it would be amazing... it was less than so. I waited over 1/2 a year for this game and frankly the tech demo was more enjoyable, the controls are clunky at best and the trucks at speed handle like a buttered potato on an Icy road. However the sounds are amazing, the graphics wonderful and the physics... wow!Fix the camera and fix the trucks at speed, also the navigation line (which tells me to plow directly through a line of trees ignoring any logical route to my destination) and maybey I'll feel like I got my moneys worth.This is just my opinion however, your experience may vary :)"
,Not Recommended,263280,10460764,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Sithious,"Rage simulator 2014! PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS GAME JUST TO GET♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF AT IT LIKE ME! be smart, use the power of the interwebs. Ive seriously never played anything more frustrating and rage inducing like this game in years, im trying to enjoy it but it's just not letting me. You get stuck on -everything-, trees, little trees, shrubs, rocks, mud(of course),hills puddles and even on ground that looks totally flat and safe, nope suddenly your trench digging with your tires and stuck and have completely wasted all your time getting to that spot in the first place. I have no effing idea what the devs where thinking with this ridiculous mud and giving you crap all things to tackle it with! Sure it looks cool displacing with the tires and the graphics are pretty decent but thats it, the gameplay is flat out frustrating as all hell I litterly cant drive out of the garage without getting bogged and having to restart! God knows how im going to haul 8 logs to the objective if I cant even make it half way there before getting stuck or somehow taking huge amounts of damage from a slope or rock *facepalm*These devs need to fix a hell of alot of things in this game to make it playable, I mean honestly turn down the mud sinking! Dirt isent effing liquid tar as soon as tires hit it, trees arent made of bricks and solid metal vehicles arent made of cardboard *sigh* I was hoping to much for this game I guess and all I got was a giant, ""Haha screw you paying customer, have fun derping at this game cas the first vehicle you have no choice in getting is a total pile of junk that can't get through mud or trees to save its life despite that fact that's all it was made for"" ugh seriously can't wait until Total Biscuit plays this, its gonna be hilerious.Hopefully other games try ground displacement like this game and it brings ideas to next gen graphics and cas other then that all this game is gonna do is burn up your time and patience as you pushing through mud and get stuck constantly, and just think im on casual difficulty! Yes there is a harder difficulty apprently, obviously made for self torture...Oh yea and I guess its gets a... 4/10 cas getting stuck and having to restart yay! I can appreicate good graphics and effects for awhile and enjoy them, but if your the type of person to dive into games for awesome gameplay, lmao stay away from this I guess, I swear all this game does is show off pretty mud and water physics as you get stuck over and over just so you can sit there, rage and stare at them cas you know... what else are you going to do. *more facepalm*"
76561198125056450,Recommended,263280,12711269,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Han Solo,"This is the BEST Game you will ever play-VERY nice graphics-reallyfriendly Community,-Excellent Gameplay,-Overwhelming PhysicsHope it gets new maps and probably new cars.You will not Regret Buying this Game!"
,Not Recommended,263280,32742726,Posted: 24 June,all,mattdickson,terrible game ZERO tutorial system at all. do not buy. damn thing has a timebomb killcode in it anyway
,Not Recommended,263280,10443541,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,daREKT_GAMErr,"I actually like this game. However, the reason I won't recommend it is because it is less functional than most of the alpha games I have. The menus don't work correctly, the game froze for me the first time I played it, even the start up screen doesn't display right. I don't see anything about this game being early access... so what's the deal?*Update*I was, with much difficulty, able to switch to windowed mode and now have access to the mouse. I'm not sure if I should try switching back again because it took forever.*Update*I have been able to play the game a little in windowed mode. It seems to be running smoothly, for the most part. Can anyone tell me how to use the wench tho?"
,Not Recommended,263280,10462976,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Ace Rimmer,"Оригинально и увлекательно, но забыли налепить тэг  ""early access""...  и зачем-то прилепили ""controller friendly"""
76561198031998951,Not Recommended,263280,10454788,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,kill/ca.gov,kinda clunky and pricy. for $30 i expect more.
76561197970664618,Not Recommended,263280,10459365,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,chumperton,Can't believe I spent money on this non focused game.  Mess of a game.
76561197987978158,Not Recommended,263280,10465392,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,penguin_killer,wish i could get my money back...
,Not Recommended,263280,12016628,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,xXALL4Xx,"The game hasn't been updated in forever. There are 'meetings' every now and then, but updates are now many months late, and the most recent announcement basically boils down to ""No information. Sorry.""The devs have said that they don't want to release buggy/unfinished content to the general public, so that people get a finished/polished experience. Guess what oovee, that's what the steam beta program is for! Yes get the demo (fromSpintires.com), because it's essentially the same as the full game.Maybe come back in 6 months and see if this has gone anywhere, but I get the sense that this game will be abandoned soon, if it hasn't been already.Quick update: Now the game won't even open...The game has been finally given most of an update, with some final features due 'soon'. Lets wait and see.Update: Still more coming *soon*."
76561197972635588,Recommended,263280,19155384,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Clarke,"Great game overall, great graphics, amazing physics, nothing but power and mud and did i say the graphics were great....lol for the money you get a good amount of maps that are massive, and a good overall selection of vehicles. If you own a Jeep you will probably adore this game."
76561198040798989,Recommended,263280,19185739,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ShameOFF,very nice
76561197961070188,Recommended,263280,10668624,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,WireWiz,"Started the game,drove 20meters and got stuck. Winched out of the mud, found a new truck and loaded it up with medium logs,got stuck inside the logging camp. Went to get another truck and pulled the first one out of the logging camp then rolled the trucks over and logs went rolling everyware.10/10 points"
,Recommended,263280,10677092,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,R3ACH3R,"Probably the best simulator I've played yet, the feeling of getting stuck in mud, trying to winch your way out of there, and the mud just racks up on the side of your truck, so that you cant go further. 11/10 realistic mud"
76561198039242866,Recommended,263280,10678370,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LonelyPortrait_,"MUD MUD MUD, this game is an outstanding offroad game, with amazing textures,  pyshics and buetiful models.not only do i recomend the game, i personally vouch for it! gg oovee!"
,Recommended,263280,10624549,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Truther,Spintires is fantastic who would have thought. The mud sim has a bit of a learning curve and I would highly recommend using a 360 pad it also requires lots of patients and thinking. Great COOP with up to 4 friends. camera angle can be a little clunky at times but the more i play the less its an issue also the dev's said they will smooth it out a bit. My score 9/10
76561197982177278,Recommended,263280,10629052,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Daedalus442,"Preordered this game, tried the tech demo quite a while ago. not much for objectives yet. it still kind of feels like an early access game but with lots of potental.Sometimes the vehicles can feel a little bouncy, in truth some of the heavy equipment had this same feeling. Graphics are superb for a ~550MB download, controls can take a bit to get used to, and the over the shoulder style camera takes a bit of time to get used to.This is ***NOT*** a fast paced game, but that is ok by me.Runs OK on a Dell Venue 8 Pro (Intel Atom Z3740D/Intel HD 4200/2gb Ram)Runs Well on a Samsung Chronos Series 7 (Intel i7 2675QM/ATI 4950/8gb ram)Runs Very Well on a Low Budget Gaming Desktop (AMD 5800k/AMD 7660D/8gb ram)Runs Sweet on a Mid Level Gaming Desktop (AMD 8350/Geforce 660ti/32gb ram)"
76561198010962360,Recommended,263280,10629289,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,sipCider,"This is a brilliant game for what it is.  You better be prepared to get stuck in relentless mud until you can figure out the nuances of each machine and how they are geared.  Nothing more painful than hauling long logs all the way across the map only to spill over just before the objective.Certainly worth the money, already mod friendly, looking forward to more content."
,Recommended,263280,10631111,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,AdmissiveComic,I like it but the only thing thats making me regret this and Makeing me barley play this game is the damn rocks. remove them or at least put less rocks/ i cant drive an inch with out getting stuck because of a rock and cant use the winch or move at all
,Not Recommended,263280,10646356,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ScreechyNutz,"This game...it took me an hour to figure what the hell I was supposed to be doing and once I fugured out what exactly I was meant to do, the learning curve on this game is ridiculous. After 6 hours of getting stuck in invisible traps and my progress becoming irrelevant, I wanted to put my fist through the internet and punch the developer in the face. I would only recommend this game if you're truly enjoy the frustrating reality that is ""off road simulation""."
76561197996763102,Recommended,263280,10647950,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CapnTibbz,"To fully prepare yourself for this atmosphere you need a 12 pack, C.W. McCall tapes, and a keen for staying on high ground.♥♥♥♥♥♥ after 2 hours of playing this I don't have to replace locking hubs or re-seal the tranny. That's a win right there."
,Recommended,263280,10648739,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nekthand,"Old Russian trucks, mud, locking differentials."
76561198031940416,Recommended,263280,10649458,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CristofLeonhardt,"I've recently purchased Watch Dogs, afraid that it could be the game that I would be addicted to this year...and then came spintires!I haven't complete the game yet, I am still struggling to complete objectives, but this game took me really ""into the mud"". I don't recall playing a game with such physics and level of detail. Mud deforms while you sink into, tires shape change when you roll over a rock, structured and attachements bounce as the truck progresses through the rough terrain.The game brings a new purpose, if you think about the amount of racing games, were speed matters. Here things move slow!I really recommend the game."
76561198021965214,Recommended,263280,10650020,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,angstrom,"I find this to be a very enjoyable.  Vipers comments were spot on and I believe that with more varied maps and some software tweaking, this game has a great future."
,Recommended,263280,10651529,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Huckster,"Spintires is a pretty unique simulation compared to other franchises on Steam. The goal for the game is simple; get the logs to the objective. The larger the logs the more points you will earn. However, don't let that simple concept fool you. In order to get  to the logging site and offloading site you must first traverse through very unforgiving landscape from rushing rivers, thick forests, and miles of thick mud with only a compass, a map, and your rugged soviet strong vehicles.This is game is more about slow and steady rather than going fast. you must plan out your routes as not all vehicles will make it through certain terrain as well as making sure you do not total your vehicle as well as having enough fuel to make it to your destination. You are able to unlock vehicles, garages, fuel depots and uncover cloaked parts of the map to make your journey somewhat easier in the 5 maps that are currently in the game. The vehicles also come with a myriad of different modifications such as fuel tanks and utility trailers for remote repairs and refueling.The terrain is completely moldable to the situation with muddy areas shaping differently when you pass it as well as your vehicle sinking in softer ground if it is heavy enough. Along with the unique type of terrain comes with a realistic sense of physics. Meaning you have to make use of the breaks and winch in order to get out of tough binds or avoid slamming your vehicle into the thick forests that encompass the landscape. Do not expect the physics to be in your favor either, expect to get stuck, slip, sink and damage your vehicle at even the slightest bump or error. This combined with a very well done day and night sequence and the ability to switch to a hardcore mode removing some of the crutches will be quite the challenge.The UI for the game is a little confusing at first. It is strongly recommended reading the help guide as the game pretty much throws you in without telling you whats going on. The camera as well is very finnicky and is very challenge to find that perfect spot for it since it will move on you as well as hide areas of the terrain that could make or break your route. However there is a multiplayer feature that can help allievate the pain of getting stuck or lost.Overall Spintires is a game that may not be for everyone. It is a different approach to the simulation and offroad genres that may leave a much to be desired taste to many. However, if you are looking for a unique type of gameplay with interesting terrain physics and rugged looking vehicles than this game may be a decent buy if not full price than at least on a sale."
76561198067696189,Recommended,263280,10655123,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,The Jack jumper,One of the best off road simulation games that i have played. 10/10
76561198084092243,Recommended,263280,10655575,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gordometry,"After reading many reviews, and watching many videos, I decided to buy, Spin Tires. I was excited, it was one of a kind game. So, I bought the game, and began my adventure. As soon as I began, I was at awe.  In the videos the game looked great, but this was even better. After putting several hours((Somewhere around 4-6 I just got it xD)) I loved the game. There were a couple problems that I will point out.1: Camera Angles; I understand they tried, and I like what they were doing with it. But, they just didn't do a amazing job at it. The camera is never where I want, or need it. Please add a dash cam as well.2: The Chat; The chat was different. You push Y. Why y? Why not enter? Why Y? I understand they wanted to be different, and that doesn't bother me. What bothers me is the chat itself. There is no really canceling a message except for clicking somewhere outside the box. I found that stupid. If you put it enter, it'd be fine. It also randomly disappears.3: A few glitchs; I was playing multiplayer when I flipped myself. So, two of my buddies came to help. One of them tried winching me, but it didn't work. He backed up, and the other guy pulled up. I switched winchs, and my truck shot for the moon. I left. I felt like I was Neil Armstrong. But, I came back. I landed almost in the same spot, still flipped. At this point, my truck was destroyed. So, we tried the same thing, and I shot for the moon again. It was crazy! Again, I came back down, and this time, I landed in trees. Luckily, I was able to repair myself, and my friends could knock down trees to get to me. I was finally able to get the last two garage points.All in all, the game is great. Of course it's going to have bugs, all games will. I'm sure the Dev's will fix them, and make the game better to come."
,Recommended,263280,10667951,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mewnoz,"I've been looking for a fun offroad game for ages, and this is it!I've never played anything more satisfying than Spintires, the sense of achievement is overwhelming when you're driving these old trucks and cars around in muddy and difficult terrain.For someone currently in the army driving something that could remind you of the cars in the game, this is a one of a kind experience. Its so real, its so much fun. I reccomend this to everyone who just want to drive around in difficult terrain with a big grin on their face."
76561197960699829,Recommended,263280,10671024,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Crackhead_Willy,Dirty fun in the woods with big logs
,Recommended,263280,10663676,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Doods,Best game to get dirty while taking things to places they werent supposed to go. Brings me back to the days of 4x4 evo where all I did was drive around trying to get stuck.
,Recommended,263280,10663901,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Svenni,The best offroad game i have played.
,Recommended,263280,10496619,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Mil,"We've moved up from hiking simulator, to logging simulator.  Give me an oculus and I won't even need to real life.11/10, would buy again."
76561197960275516,Recommended,263280,10467467,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,rek,"This game is amazing. It's a little unfriendly at first, but only takes a minute to figure out what you're supposed to be doing. A lot of people have complained about the camera, and it is sort of annoying - but I think that's part of the charm. This isn't a ""hold gas and go"" style driving game.. this is get stuck in the mud, then in the river, then on a hill, and then flip over trying to position your trailer kind of game.I haven't put many hours in yet, just got it tonight, but so far it's hard to imagine that it isn't worth the price. It's not a $60 title, but that's why it costs half that. If you think the game sounds fun you'll probably enjoy it. But if getting a truck stuck in the mud repeatedly and needing to start over doesn't sound like your kind of thing I'd avoid it."
76561197970410534,Recommended,263280,10467786,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,oiledhog,"Played the demo years ago, and ever since I checked on this game every few weeks. So after my preorder unlocked, Ive been busy playing it on my laptop while on vacation. Yes im sitting here, playing ST while fishing and  what not. Im aware some of those items have been addressed already, however im listing them as they are present in my game currently. So they are all valid.The good stuff:- physics are good, if a bit overdone at times. Notice  the insane bending of truck frames, particularly the trailers- game runs great, even on my IBM laptop which has graphics akin to a pancake. It looks great on low settings too.- 5 maps to start us off with- Terrain response is the best ive seen. Terrain memory is impressive.- proper offroad sim!- moddable- great community support- hasn't crashed yet. so that's good. then again, tech demo also never crashed. hooray for crash free games!The bad stuff that needs fixed asap, because once the novelty wears off, many will start noticing all this:- Vehicle choices are very limited. Even the vehicles included are not licensed. Which is ok, but since they didn't license them, more could have been included. No lada niva copy? Come on.- The maps are biased towards big rigs. car/truck based 4x4 will struggle with just about every turn on most maps. the demo map was rather forgiving. the game maps are not. bypasses are irrational and don't afford smaller vehicles any advantage. Most are dead ends anyway.- The camera.. I cannot express the frustration the camera system brings me. I spend more time trying to see stuff than driving. a lot has been said about it already, why it wasn't fixed prior to release, i'll leave this to your imagination. It feels way worse than in tech demo.- The lack of a minimap in the interface (like in GTA). The compass is useless. No it doesn't increase the challenge. It just creates frustration. Replace compass with minimap. I don't want to constantly have to stop what im doing, press F1 and then spend some time trying to rotate the main map to figure out if I should take a left or right.- Wheel autocenter must be an option. Wheel turn rate (responsiveness) must be an option. Given this is keyboard only game, devs should be ashamed at the lack of control config options. This is the main reason vehicles act wonky at any speed. Wheels turn too slow, then they tend to stick in a position. This results in vehicles drifting. Nice simulation of drunk ivan behind the wheel, but im not ivan...- I want the ability to freeze time like in the demo. I don't want constant and annoying day/night cycles. Couple this with the camera, it becomes annoying stacked atop annoying. 1 minute an hour is also annoying. It also removes your free will. The game forces some pointless clock on you. why? We get it, it can go from dark to light. Now let us chose when we want to play!- Damage is too random and lacks common sense. You take damage from the oddest things, and don't from the most obvious ones.- Rock physics are a little goofy. Rock placement is also dubious at times. Why are there boulders in the middle of the mud with no boulders anywhere else? Where did those come from? I get it they are there to create extra challenge, but its too obvious. See what I mean? Too obvious someone was trying to stage terrain.- cab view. both 3D modeled cabs and hood view.- Lack of gauges/data. Speed? RPM? These are basic for any driving game since 1992, why not present in 2014?- can only save 1 map at a time. Oh the joy!Things it needs added eventually:- The lack of weather and elements. not sure if engine can process weather.- The lack of winter maps. even if not dynamic based on weather, those should be part of any game that involves Russia. because Russia isn't Hawaii............- The game feels very pointless after a while. It needs some sort of economy to engage you beyond driving slowly over mud and stuff.- better damage model. Wear to tires, axles, engine overheating etc.- more truck upgrades! many more. I feel the need to mod my gear.I consider this to be a beta/alpha/public test/tech demo v2 release. The price reflects that to some degree. The game has amazing potential but so much work left to do. So much. Once modders kick in, a lot of the issues may be alleviated until official fixes/updates are released.  Time will tell. I personally expected much more at ""release"" even after watching some beta videos, since beta was released for kickstarters some time ago. So I was like.. ""ok maybe they will do this and that in final release""... NOPE! sad.jpgSo many small things that could have been done were not. It boggles the mind why not. I mean you know people will complain about the obvious things, why not... do them so that later you can concentrate on DLC and not on basic items that should come in anything labeled ""full version"".Because right now you cannot focus on DLC because you have so much left to do on the base game.So with all that said, there are many negatives yet the positives are very strong.6/10 because of that camera, steering control and forced day/night cycle. Unable to give it more until those are addressed."
76561198041290449,Recommended,263280,10467909,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Something Insightful,"Dug a hole, filled with truck. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,263280,10468223,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Crom,"I have to agree with others who have written comments like ""The best offroading simulation experience I've ever played, no question."" :)Sure, there is still some bad or not finished stuff in game. Introduction to game is confusing, there is no real tutorial. Still have to say that if player is not new to offroad simulators, there is no need for tutorial, everything works as usual. One of the really bad things is that there is no real support and settings for steering wheels, but keyboard+mouse or xbox style controller works fine. Camera is little bit hard to handle at first, sadly also cockpit/top views are not there, hopefully coming(?). Currently there is some small physics bugs, but nothing bad that would ruin game.Good part is that game is just awesome and there somewhat real type feeling trying to find good routes and getting (hopefully just almost) stuck because too much weight on truck or/and bad route choice etc. It's also part of fun that there really is need to get help and drive with another trucks too, not just one with running cargo. Usually first cargo truck runs out of fuel in middle of nowhere, after some time it need repairs somewhere and sometimes it needs just help to get back on hard ground or something else like that. I could imagine that this game as multiplayer at lan party would be best what it could offer and it would be lots of fun with maybe 3-4 players, but it seems to work fine as very good single player offroad simulator too."
76561197987440040,Recommended,263280,10468858,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,RokRoland,"Here's a review for you who don't know what to expect and haven't been there since day one of alpha/beta/etc:It's rough. Frankly, the UI is horrible, help is nonexistent, and a lot of the features are nigh impossible to use without the help of official forums (which require registration to view the more helpful forum sections). You don't know what to do, the main map doesn't have a compass, there is no help on how to use the winch, how to switch vehicles, on the use of the gearbox (the gears are in wrong pattern in the manual), pros and cons of diff locks and AWD, how to repair vehicles, and the camera is totally freaking horrible piece of crud if I have ever seen one.But it is also a diamond. The modeling of mud (it gets worse the more you drive in a very realistic fashion) and the vehicles is what makes this one cut through. Not to mention you can use the logging crane for picking up rocks and placing them in mud or in streams, helping passability. You can use the manual gears to gently rock back and forth in a very intuitive fashion (if you ever got stuck in the snow in a car you know what I mean). And it's got a lot of big vehicles that spend liters of diesel per minute.I am really looking forward to multiplaying this one with my friends.All in all: If the genre appeases you, and you understand what a differential lock means (or have the willingness to understand it) and are willing to do discovery work on how to be able to control your vehicle properly and use the features of the game, go for it. If you expect a hand-holding tutorial that tells you how different mechanics work, this game is not for you."
,Recommended,263280,10469110,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Pepsip*rn,Mud Simulator 2014
76561197993522315,Recommended,263280,10469466,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Assassinkiller85,im in love!!!
,Recommended,263280,10470523,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Bakanyaka ¤Hope¤,The most realistic offroad simulation I've ever seen.
,Recommended,263280,10470555,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,NXT-Bevis,If you like going off road and getting muddy with your weekends. Then this game is right up your alley. This is the closest 4x4 offroad sim I have played to date.  You will get bogged up to your axles you will have to winch your self out of the sh*t and you will f*ck it up roll it down the next embankment or swamp it at the next river crossing. You will laugh cry and probaby even rage quit. But its better then writing yours or your dads car off for the same thrills.
,Recommended,263280,10471386,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Retired_Ninja,Great Game. Good Physics. Over all its just a blast to play if you like any type of driving games. Plus the team behind it is great to. Ready to address any bugs with the game. Would 11/10 recommend to buy! Countless hours of fun!
76561198050544404,Recommended,263280,10471711,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Firestorm325,Lots of fun especially when playing with others
76561198096754275,Recommended,263280,10471883,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,TANNER_THOMAS,ok lets say i like game alot but one problem it lags on my computer it takes forever to do what action im wanting it to do i still recomend the but only if my computer stops lagging
,Recommended,263280,10471907,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Splat=HarmY,Best offroad sim ever
,Recommended,263280,10462283,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,interferens,"I guess this could be calledUSSR Truck Simulator– at least in the way that it basically is on the same level asEuro Truck Simulator 2when it comes to quality and dev effort, so definitely not your averageWhatever Simulator 2014type of deal.In short, it's a great offroad simulator. You drive on muddy stretches that used to be roads and try to avoid getting stuck in the mud, or you drive around the roads and try not getting permanently wedged between trees. Along the way you transport logs, unlock things and go exploring blindly on the blacked out parts of the maps.Lasting power can probably be compared with Euro Truck Sim as well. You don't have the long term business objective of ETS2, but finishing all the maps in Spintires will take enough time to get your money's worth. The different maps feel a little more varied than the stretches of Europe's highways as well.The lack of cabin view is a disappointment, but on the other hand you'd probably need at least three screens and Track IR or probably Occulus to get a good enough sense of what's outside the truck to see the heck you're doing from inside the cabin anyway. External camera works usually well, but I just spent 15 minutes getting unstuck from a tree because the same tree prevented the dynamic camera from letting me see the best suited winch mount...Physics wise there's not much to complain about, and same goes for handling. The trucks are nicely rendered and the types behave differently enough to keep interest up. The environments are kind of pretty but a little lifeless. I saw a bunch of flowers that made me go ""ahh"" at one spot, but if there's any wildlife I haven't spotted any yet.It's still a little unpolished but the devs seem commited, so I'd say it's 5/5 for offroad driving fans and simulator freaks with a wide taste in general. For someone like me, who likes to try something different once in a while, I'll give it 4/5. For anyone else, I probably recommend finding a friend who'll let them try it out first. I'd say it's well worth the full €25 considering the fact that it's a well developed niche game.Oh, and it lacks a shovel. I've heard from IRL off-roaders that that's the most important accessory for a truck... but maybe that would have made things too easy?"
76561198060125104,Recommended,263280,10472338,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,HowlerOfNox,♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME me and my friend were stuck in the water and he had a huge♥♥♥♥♥truck i had a little blue truck and he pulled me up :D
,Recommended,263280,10472532,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Liam_mtg,"Getting a long log load though the course with a friend was an amazing experience. i felt emotionally exhausted at the end of it, and felt a real sense of achievement. All the heart stopping moments when the truck stops moving and the close calls when you nearly roll over going down steep hills and the near drowings at the water crossings.Its a great ""Getting bogged"" simulator and towing is lots of fun with friends.The support vehicles are cool when you cant get to the finish without being refueled a couple of times and repaired.fix the camera controls and allow us to zoom out further and put in a cockpit view for the sim experience.a dirt bike would be cool for scouting too"
,Recommended,263280,10472555,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Hollowsong,"I'm not a lumberjack, nor do I enjoy sims like Farming Simulator and the like.I just can't explain it. There's something really entertaining about procedurally adaptive terrain. Realism simulator!"
,Recommended,263280,10472609,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,K-A,best game
76561197986651297,Recommended,263280,10472640,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Skumfrosken (IDF),Very fun to play in coop mode!
76561198057651145,Recommended,263280,10473170,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,JC.Lowkey,"Great game!!  Camera takes alot to get used to, but the gameplay is everything I have been hoping for."
76561197985095251,Recommended,263280,10476660,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Porch Monkey,"Drove into the mud, got stuck. +10"
,Recommended,263280,10476809,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,MawMawhfawkin,Holy sh*t! A LOT of fun and I cannot wait until MODS are more popular!10/10 time well wasted/.
,Recommended,263280,10476876,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,AmericanFear,great concept but the camera makes this game unplayable
,Recommended,263280,10476990,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,EXL™ Freemon,"Having tried the ""tech demo"" last year, I was excited to see Spintires arrive on Steam. What might look like a boring truck game for some, is actually an impressive and extremely detailed game. The physics are mind blowing and the detailing is awe inspiring.Trees and shrubs bend in perfect contact with your truck. Mud deforms under your wheels and gets stuck to them. vapor comes off your engine when you cross a body of water. cross deep rivers with a truck of heavy logs and watch as the water sloshes over your hood and under your trailer.And getting stuck doesn't mean game over. Winch yourself out of sticky situations and if you're playing multiplayer, your friends can winch you out too. Did you manage to flip your logs and now your precious cargo sits in the middle of the path? Get a crane and load them back up! Get the job done!A beautifully crafted game. It looks pretty, it feels pretty and it's super fun! Definitely recommended!"
76561198078218367,Recommended,263280,10477431,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,kai,hard but fun
76561198067427427,Recommended,263280,10477609,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,JD,"Likes:Physics and graphics are realistic.Terrains are varied, but still forrest setting. (mud and rocks)Good amount of trucks to choose, and find.Sounds are good, but can be repetitive.Dislikes:Camera controls could be more static, and cockpit view.No way to bind key controls.What I would like to see:Trucks having more options to vary tire size and type.Snow, sand, hard packed gravel, flat roads, trees fallen over.Way more objectives; Rocks, water hauling, transporting trucks.Maybe missions; Carry logs to a bridge to repair it, clearing fallen trees with the winch to pass through, rescue damaged trucks or stuck in rivers or trees.Varried vehicles; Tractors, quads, offroad buggy's / trucks, flatbed trailers w/ winch.Some kind of shop with currency. Nothing would be accessable but minimal carriage addons to start.Setting up your own garage, or logging post to cut down trees, gather rocks, snow, and what ever else.Final verdict:Buy this game if you enjoy path finding, and hardcore offroading. Otherwise save your money until its has more content.I personally enjoy this game, and has a lot of potential.ADD ME to play along."
76561198054014605,Recommended,263280,10477653,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,RubberSideDown,Two words (GET IT!!!)
,Recommended,263280,10477866,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,dr. richard dangler CEO,Never before have the keys Q and E been so important.
,Recommended,263280,10456318,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,The Entire Population of Canada,Great game its a great buy ! waited since the very first tech demo in 11 or so for this to come out .
76561197960697697,Recommended,263280,10478444,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,D4R7HN0V4,"nice game wish to have inside view mode or when possible in multiplayer , one option to remove the white circle around friends  vehicule :P"
76561198048690467,Recommended,263280,10478825,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,SnowHazard,"Great Game and all, love the physics, adore the deformation, amazing graphics. One downfall... Camera angles. Camera angles are a big issue and they get pretty frusterating, hopefully when the steam workshop opens up there's a mod to fix that. Any way I love the game and i'll defiantly be playing more of it!"
76561198033853726,Recommended,263280,10479548,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,JaceInYoFace,"This game is amazing, it blows my mind, mostly because i like offroading, and ive never seen software this good to depict the real thing.   I can blow hours in the blink of an eye.  crawling realism!!"
,Recommended,263280,10479986,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Sky Force,One of the best offroading games I have ever played. The terrain deformation is really cool and realistic. The game is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥though
,Recommended,263280,10480242,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Ruusi,"Starting the game was hard. Had Error 51 but as soon as I disabled F-secure it works fine. Really nice-looking game. And very rewarding. You get stuck and work your way out, the feeling is really good. I recommend if you like off-road driving. Just keep the speed up but don't go too fast."
76561198114303002,Recommended,263280,10458705,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,samthegreatB,"great off roading game worth every penny only down side is the camara angles need sorting out, a in the cab option wouldn't go a miss"
76561198048015928,Recommended,263280,10459091,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Sindrake,"First off... I play many types of games but one type I usually sway away from is car games. Besides the gta series and Need for Speed: Underground (which I enjoyed mostly because I like to pimp out my car) I never played too many. Then there is this game...Spintires.Right off the bat going into this game I can allready notice the amount of detail put into the environments and the vehicles. The paint of the all of the trucks looks realistic and the gitty feeling of seeing your muddy truck dive into a river and emerge from the other side muck free is great eye candy which never gets old.Next is the ability to play with others in cooperative play. My first foray into this game was multiplayer and it went something like this... We all eagerly jump into the first truck and fly straight into the road ahead of us and within 15 seconds each of us are stuck. So one of us finds out how to switch trucks and proceeds to try and wench each of the stuck noobs back to safety. As the night went on we got better at controlling the beasts of burden and started completing some of the objectives.As of now in game the only real goals are...1. Deliver lumber to different locations on the map.2. Clear the map of ""cloaks"" which obstruct your map.3. Unlock other garages by delivering garage points using special add-ons on the trucks.4. Finding some of the hidden trucks that aren't available from the starting spawn garage.Also if you like to unlock achievements then there are plenty to strive for and the game will have you trekking through miles of dirt, mud, and rocks to get them all.There are a few minor bugs like a chat bug where players swap names and the saving in my opinion needs to be reworked... as of now you cannot reload multiplayer games so if you intend to try and beat a map with friends... make sure you have plenty of time to play. But all these bugs are outside of the driving aspect of the game so I really can't complain.Finally, I can see myself playing for a long time to come and even at the moderately steep price I can fully back this game. Its challenging, pretty, and I haven't played anything like it.Buy it. :)"
,Recommended,263280,10460592,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Garshol,Awesome.
,Recommended,263280,10455797,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Eberlium,"Pros: Really awesome physics, great suspension, fantastic simulation.Cons: The camera is about as great as COD Ghosts. It's seriously awful.EDIT: You get used to the camera pretty quick, it's not that bad anymore."
,Recommended,263280,10460932,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,TopherMaz,This game looks georgous however the current version has its flaws.in this game its hard to drive in a straight line or go more than 30m without getting stuck in mud hopelessly.It would be great if you could adjust the amount of mud or how easily a truck will get stuck. sometimes i would like to just drive around.Also the camera in the game is horrible. It is way too zoomed in and inorder to be useful you have to move it around alot. I am more of a fan of being able to get a 1st person pov or a fixed point where i could occasionally look around when i need to.Once the game gets some updates it will be amazing. The graphics in this game look amazing!
76561198046140927,Recommended,263280,10462193,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,darkspark2000,"Immediately this doesnt seem to work with the Xbox One controller so I'm pretty stuck. The UI is pretty horrific, I am yet to actually try and control the vehicle and am struggling to even figure out how to start the frickin' vehicle. Perhaps too realistic - all the Russian equipment seems broken. I need to understand how to use this game a bit better and right now it's like trying to navigate using Packard Bell Navigator.Edit - it's worth giving this game a go (please add xbox one controller compatibility dev people!) - the game will be worth playing but you will need a bit of patience to understand it I think, it wasn't immediately intuitve to use due to the UI being a bit unorthodox. I guess it's all about simulation, everything seemed very muddy but I have yet to try out the full array of features and vehicles. On initial appearance it seemed a little frustrating but I will persevere."
,Recommended,263280,10510859,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,[VS-UK]Gom3R,Great game! It is just one of those MAN things. Trying to get your truck stuck and unstuck. :o)
76561197960697917,Recommended,263280,10511118,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,SphinX,I love this game!!! Its so addicting and fun! I'm 17 hours into it and still just as fun as the first hour.
76561198123052758,Recommended,263280,10511256,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,jdmjspec,"Best off road game i have played ever! Great potential. Awesome sim with great graphics and physics. BUT the Camera control needs to be fixed it is almost impossible to control without getting frustrated. Also would be cool if you could have some kind of internet radio like the Eurotruck sims,at least it wouldent be so quiet! Otherwise a great game worth a try! Hopefully there will be lots of mods and dlc's available one day."
,Recommended,263280,10511258,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,LostReaction,"This game really takes me back when i was just a kid and my dad had dumped a big pile of dirt in our back yard for me to play in. I had all sorts of little toy trucks and hotwheel cars and i would just sit in that dirt pile all day playing with my trucks and even pouring water in it to make small streams and mud. Holy crap this game is like the super advanced version of that! The terrain deformation is fantastic. I really appreciate stuff like that especially when it's well done. I have been following the developement of this game for about a year now and i am very happy with where it is at right now.Pretty much all of the trucks are Russian based. That's cool, i can live with that although it would have been cool to see some German, Japanese, or even American trucks but then again that's what the modding community is for. The vehicle models are very well done and very detailed. The tire deformation is VERY impressive also. Pretty much everything that needed attention to detail was given. Nothing was overlooked in my opinion as even the environments are very pretty (for mostly bieng mud).The camera...eh...well it's generally agreed that the camera sucks. I really don't think it's that bad although i play this game with an Xbox controller and controlling the camera using an analouge stick is MUCH easier than using a twitchy mouse. Now controller support is pretty good. Everything works and the developers were even nice enough to add vibration support which i personally appreciate very much. It just adds a more satisfying feel when you shift down into first and feel the engine vibrate in your hands as if you were feeling it through the steering wheel in the truck. Well, it's not THAT immersive it's still a nice bonus that i wasn't expecting.Performance wise the game seems very well optimised. I have the visual settings cranked all the way up and my computer doesn't even seem to be breaking a sweat. I am sure lower end PC's should have no problem running this game at lower resolutions.Multiplayer is pretty well done actually. Although you are to 4 people per map i don't think that's a huge limitation. My biggest gripe with multiplayer is that you can't save your game. To be honest i'm not sure how they would even to be able to do that in the first place so i can't blame them for not having the ability to save. It's still something that is to be desired and maybe sometime in the future we will have that ability (although i doubt it). Oh, and most people online that i meet only speak Russian. That is a little annoying when i want to communicate with other players. I wish there was a region option where i could select which country of people i would like to play with. Nothing againt Russian speakers, i am sure they would prefer to play with people who could communicate with them as well. This really isn't as big of a problem am i am making it out to be though. As most people will probably be playing online with their close friends using skype or teamspeak. Single player is just like multiplayer except you are by yourself...obviously. Single player is fun it just takes longer to get things done.That's really all i have to say about Spintires right now. I only have about 11 hours logged into it and i will update if anything changes."
76561197979374821,Recommended,263280,10511426,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,DOUG_THE_FACE,"This is a game that I didn't know how badly that I wanted to play.  If you have any interest in off-road vehicles or trucks in general it's worth a look. 5/5, wholly unexpected."
76561198008238057,Recommended,263280,10512138,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,James,This game is ridiculously fun.  Especially the multiplayer.
,Recommended,263280,10508253,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Jack Wall,"This game is a 4/5 stars at the moment and I do feel I am being quite tough on it.The graphics are very nice, the difficulty factor is appealing and overall concept is excellent. It's a different type of game which will call for puzzle solving as well as objective achievements.The multiplayer functionality is great up front and it's a great acheivement to have in the game.With FFB steering announced as a upcoming development [G25 and G27 specifically mentioned athttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsVubC-3Jmotimestamp 26minutes], this bodes well for the game going forward.But the game play is let down for me by the view controls and sometimes almost impossible angles which you are forced to work from in some situations.Had this game a cockpit driver view with TrackIR support, it would immediately be hit for me.I am selecting Recommended because this is a great fun game as it is. I only hope the devs are focused on getting their first game developed out fully via steam updates.It appears that the developers are listening to their community.  Are we looking at another of the new breed of developers that listens to their community? All pointers are looking good.It now remains to see if they can and will act.It sounds like the 1st person view cab view is being worked on.More goodness from this game to come I am sure.Is there room for development ..... sure, maps, vehicles, objectives, repair, buildings, etc ......."
,Recommended,263280,10513010,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Jon,Too much mud :)
,Recommended,263280,10513748,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,MITAC,"Game is awsome, I hope that the developers will add more features (maps, vehicles, and more stuff to do) in the futureDevs must extend the multiplayer feature only 4 players in one map is kind of boring I would expect at least 16 players on one map. Other than that the game is pure fun."
,Recommended,263280,10515608,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,C.Serena,I love the game ive been playing since the first version back in 2011 so im use to the camera but to a new player it does need some work als id love to see some more trucks/attachments as well as MP Mod support those are currently the cons butThe physcis are godlyThe terrain is impressive especially for how small the game is.Gameplay is fun and entertaining and highly addictive and multiplayer only makes it more sooMultiplayer needs some improvements such as seeing every ones trucks kicking bad players mod support but otherwisethis is the first implementation of multiplayer into spintires ever so in my opinion its a great step in the right direction.Thanks for readingSerena!
76561198070392254,Recommended,263280,10516629,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Awag1000,I seriously recommend this game to every one who likes huge trucks and mud :P
,Not Recommended,263280,10517077,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Internet Providings,This game is not good. I think you need to improve on a few major areas such as the map viewer and the ridiculous camera angles.Please also add more maps that are not so full of trees and mud!!!! more vehicles would also be nice.....
76561198122515435,Recommended,263280,10517251,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Chaseman1,best offroad truck'in game ever!!!
,Recommended,263280,10517566,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Jaeger Pilot,"The manliest game this year, where you violate the very earth with absurdly big tires, digging into the mud only to power your way through every obstacle with raw power, making dirt, rocks and trees fly everywhere. Nothing beats the feeling of firing up the most brutal Russian machines known to man, spewing black smoke into the air with a violent roar, knowing that nothing can stop you while you drag huge logs through the wilderness!Rating:[X] Positive[  ] Neutral[  ] Negative"
,Recommended,263280,10517582,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Deweyfish,this game is really fun and is very challenging at points is a great buy and everytime you play it new things happen
76561198097860962,Recommended,263280,13175891,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MechanicalBox,the struggle simulator 201415/10 would struggle again?
76561198032456271,Not Recommended,263280,13176539,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,andrey,After 126 hours of playing and finishing 2 maps - ALL my progress GONE.  I am in square one -
76561198057193962,Recommended,263280,13176627,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Frescador,"I just got this game since it went on sale, but I would've paid full price a long time ago had I known just how good it is.  I would definitely recommed this game.Likes-The trucks all look and sound great-Very easy to learn, simple controls-Several addon/equipment options per vehicle-Fun off-roadingDislikes-The camera drives me crazy sometimes (1st person would be cool)"
,Recommended,263280,13176709,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Firework4lj,"This game is very fun and addictive, but it can be a pain after a while to get through mud when bigger trucks have gone through. if there is a plow in this game, i have not found it, or it should be added. But it is a very addictive game, fun to use, and pretty realistic."
76561198009588556,Recommended,263280,13177387,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rhino,"Great little game!  I want to say it's mindless fun, but really, it's only mindless to pick up and drive around.  It can actually get quite challenging to solve some of the problems you encounter.  Great graphics, great control, physics can feel a little squishy at times but overall not bad.  My only gripe is no first person and everything is done in third.  It doesn't ruin the overall experience however, it just keeps you from a little more immersion you might otherwise enjoy.Now I just need to convince a couple friends to pick it up for some co-op play!"
,Recommended,263280,13130889,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ustrini,This game is cool.
76561198010353641,Recommended,263280,13131597,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Thewahoo,7/10It's pretty much like 'Dark Souls' with mud...
,Recommended,263280,13132927,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,maryisdead,"WhatNeed For Speedcould have been.All jokes aside, this game is really awesome. Fantastic physics and terrain deformation like I've never seen it before. It's incredible how the tires interact with the mud.Gameplay-wise I think you'll either love it or hate it. It boils down to collecting logs from A and somehow getting them to B with a vehicle of your choice. Which might seem quite boring to some. But believe me, I just ragequit this ♥♥♥♥ing game because I flipped my truck for the third time after having come very far.So far I have only two complains:First, the camera isn't all that intuitive and I wish I had more freedom to move or position it the way I want. Really can get in your way.Second, there's a day-night cycle which by itself is cool. You can switch on your headlights when it gets dark. Unfortunately you're better off without them because then you're provided with way too much ambient light that gives you a much better idea of your surroundings. I wish night would be darker and that having your headlights on would be a necessity and not just a gimmick.Anyways, get it, if you're at least a bit interested. It's even on sale now!"
76561198165369889,Recommended,263280,13157022,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,williamschaefer91,i dislike i cant play the game
,Recommended,263280,13160309,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sämmy 'bob' Moe,"Actually pretty aewsome. Not exactly a fun game as such, but really interesting. Who knew that mud and water physics could be so great? :P"
,Recommended,263280,13160342,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Weeman,We have had a fantastic time playing this game. It is challenging and frustrating but a riot all at the same time. We played for hours continuously.
76561198071005691,Recommended,263280,13521331,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,flattops,"Just be sure to play this on multiplayer, single player is no fun at all"
,Recommended,263280,13521554,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,AvenAG,i can not recmend this game enoght get a freind and play with them this game is a blast
76561198141910568,Recommended,263280,13488256,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ThePyroFrenchFry,"It is an amazing game, but I wish there was a more interesing task than just delivering lumber."
76561197968288183,Recommended,263280,13504001,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rato,"Fun and time consuming game! Mods should be easier to instal and they shouldn't replace any other vehicle, like they now do."
76561198069885380,Recommended,263280,13504308,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Beard of Hammer,"This game is its own kind of fun, its not fast paced but it keeps u interested.The challenge of the game is not getting things stuck, and keeping the shiny side up, and at times that can be a big challenge.I have been thru all the maps on casual mode, they need about 10 more maps to keep things rolling.I hope oovee didnt screw the fan base by what they did to the creator, would love to see a ton more content, like more trucks, more maps, more truck addons, and different objectives besides hauling wood."
76561198148783183,Recommended,263280,13506535,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SpecialKlutch,I got this game yesterday and I must say I am hooked. The easiness of modding and all the mods available. My only wish is that mods are supported online. great game would recommend to anyone looking for a good time in the country.
,Recommended,263280,13506727,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dragon,Great Game
,Recommended,263280,13507744,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Belabor,Best offroad simulator since Screamer 4x4
,Recommended,263280,13508755,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,AngelWorks,"Fun at first, but after a while there's really not a whole lot to do :/ - unless you really like driving in mud."
76561197994673311,Recommended,263280,10522990,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,christophehanis,"une vraie reussite technique._ graphismes_ physique des véhicules_ principe de jeuBravo malgré une quantité de véhicules trop faible ( une dizaine ) .On espère trés vite du contenu.vehicules ,carte,défis,etc...."
76561197962887393,Recommended,263280,10523032,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,JohnM_83,"Ok let's get this over with: no wheel support (I want to use G27 with this game!), not enough settings, tutorial / help is terrible, TBH it does not look like a complete game at all! Still in early access at best...But so is KSP which I love and same goes with this gem :)Graphics - great,Sound - great,FUN - extraordinary!"
76561198011738923,Recommended,263280,10523173,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,POWERSTRKE,"only thing it needs is some american 4x4 and this game will be perfect,hell of a good time"
,Recommended,263280,10523669,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mako Sato best character 2k17,An amazing game for those who love dayz and offroad and water combined this is a game you will want to set goals and challenges in i also recommend making routes and using that same route for most activities you do in this game otherwise you may get stuck and this game is moddable though the mods are hard to find at the moment they will be plain to see soon in which will enhance thise games gravitational pull it has towards humans everywhere.
76561198097935850,Recommended,263280,10525500,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mr Gary,"I have only played for 51 minutes at the time of this writting so I will give a review of first impressions.  I live in rual Minnesota and we do a lot of off roading with atv's and pickups so I know a thing or 2.  When I played this game it felt like all my experience with offroading was directly applied to this game. It is very impressive to drive offroad, through mud and through trees.   WInching is very fun.  I have not done much but explore with the bigger truck.  Just driving around is super fun.  Graphics are really good.  Camera is a little tricky.  If you move the mouse up and down it helps a lot with the camera.  I don;t think a lot of people know that.Really hope there is mods in the future. This game is great and has potential to be really great."
76561198021181951,Recommended,263280,10526326,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Sappy,Best game i've played this year.
,Recommended,263280,10526504,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,-i4Ni- Retaliation,"This game is amazing in many ways and will hopefully have regular patches.  The only things I would change are the winch glitch that sends vehicles flying, a better camera angle, and the ability to join in progress games since everyone wants to leave once they get stuck.  This is by far the most realist true offroading game.  I cannot think of another game that has the ground deformation that this game has.  I guess additional attachments for vehicles and a tire pressure setting would be cool as well.  If the developers keep up on the already known and reported issues, this game would be worth a full AAA title price."
76561198106337132,Recommended,263280,10526537,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,MAGIKHIPPOZZ,"very fun in my opinion, if you like a relax game and off roading this game is for you!"
76561198086917507,Recommended,263280,10527806,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,The Red Dragon,"Great game, one glitch/bug the GUI on the cost A-469 cuts through the building."
76561198027157015,Recommended,263280,10528179,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,FutureGunner,Its Good
,Recommended,263280,10528608,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ThexNegativexOne,If you have a sense of offroad adventure in you than you'll love this. Keep in mind it's not full power ahead all the time with high speed action.  Smart well planned routes are the key to being sucessful!
,Recommended,263280,10528852,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Pata,Realy fun game!!!
76561198046775268,Recommended,263280,10530462,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,dementedwarlok,oh man this game reeks of potential. I am having a blast.
,Recommended,263280,10533501,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,CosmicallyDecadence,I think you could improve the camera because it can get quite annoying trying to position the camera in the correct angle and it would be quite nice to put 1st person veiw but overall this one of the best offroad simulatars I have ever played I have eally enjoyed it so far keep it up!
,Recommended,263280,10541114,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Tabatchnick,"Ok I took the chance on this game after reviews and playing the demo.  It is totally worth the money.  You would think it would be very boring, but in fact its very challenging and time just blows by when you play.Now for a few cons:1. The camera controls areHORRIBLE.  It needs a MMO style camera control, where you can spin and zoom around the truck's center of mass.  The odd camera controls make using the various equipment very hard as well as navigating tight situations.2. Just a personal one here, the trucks seem a little too fragile.  Just driving the smaller jeep, it practically kills itself going over ruts and small rocks. For trucks that look to be former military chassis, they take a bit too much damage too easy.3. Not sure if it is just me, but you can't seem to customize key bindings\gamepad controls.I really hope the devs for this game keep updating and polishing it.  I am looking forward to future DLC!  I really love this game!"
,Recommended,263280,10542286,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Lord Sloth,The tires do infact spin would reccomend 10/10
,Recommended,263280,10542489,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Masked Slime,Who knew getting stuck in mud could be so fun?
,Recommended,263280,10542589,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,BadWolf,"Awesome Game to play with friends, only downside is the dame camera view"
76561198047173921,Recommended,263280,10543694,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,fretfret,so good camera needs a bit of work but other wise fantastic!
76561198016054425,Recommended,263280,10544931,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Baron Von Yolo,I've been waiting for a russian logging simulator that is actually fun for quite sometime. This is the best by far.
,Recommended,263280,10509035,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Stoops417,11/10 Would spin again.
76561198116827251,Recommended,263280,10509057,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,ManBearDonkey,"Love the game, but just curious if we can use mods"
76561197970943884,Recommended,263280,10509916,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Sir Moonblink,Need in vehical view and better camera support.
,Recommended,263280,10509950,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,dick facy,"I never thought I'd find myself playing a game like this, but I am enjoying it immensely. I've yet to complete an objective and haven't done much more except traversing the maps and trying different vehicles, yet I can't wait to fail miserably attempting to deliver some lumber! I would definitely recommend it. To me, the $30 price tag was gladly paid after just putting the first bit of playtime into it. There are lots of complaints about the camera, (and it can be a pain sometimes) but to me it was part of the short learning curve that included the minutiae of operating vehicles and their accessories. Once learned, the camera system was easy to manage and is just part of this particular game. Having said that, the developers have already taken suggestions from the community and are setting toward fine-tuning it or possibly adding another camera mode (I read suggestions about a view from the driver's seat or a hood-cam). It's a lot of fun and find myself trying to drive these giant machines without ever asking myself ""Why?"""
76561198083391687,Recommended,263280,10509954,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,jakefromstatefarm,Its the next Gen of off-road games! :)
,Recommended,263280,10457090,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Gaming4fun247,everyone must get this it's a next gen game
76561198024634414,Recommended,263280,10457134,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Grubbet,I got stuck in the mud and had no other trucks to pull me out. 10/10 Would struggle for hours agin ;)
,Recommended,263280,10457832,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Gordz,"Enjoyable, but its triple screen UI fails badly while the graphics are superb; however with the lack of wheel support I can't see myself playing it again until then. Needs fully analogue clutch, brakes and accelerator to take full advantage of these brilliant physics.  I hear wheel support is coming, so I'll wait until then."
76561198060548681,Recommended,263280,10458019,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,squideyo1,10/10 needs dlcs :D
,Recommended,263280,10481136,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Domian,"First: I didn't back this Game.I saw it on Steam and thought ""wow, that looks nice"".Now I played it for some time and still think: Wow, that's nice!Great simulation of tires, mud and water. You have to plan your routes and be carefull. The whinch is super nice and the game is overall a great experience :)"
76561198065047705,Recommended,263280,10481633,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,12VoltSandwich,If you are not easily frustrated this is a good game for you.
76561198028306061,Recommended,263280,10481691,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,josh1quattro,"Only a short review, because i want to get back to playing this game. But its currently the most addictive game i own. (I do like 4x4 games...) there isnt anything else out there like it. The multiplayer also works pretty well, still a few issues here and there but im sure theyll get fixed. You really do need a friend to play it with too though, as the full potential of this game wakes up with COOP."
,Recommended,263280,10482016,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Harry,Brilliant game!
,Recommended,263280,10482318,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Schmidt,"If yo're a looking for a fun time, this might be the wrong game for you.Even if you use the setting ""casual"" the game is to heavy, like i don't know i want to do fun stuff at somepoint.Just driving around, getting stuck every 10 sek. and when your not stuck you probably lose your load and you can start all over again.If you have time to wasted play it if not f*** it.I do see the point ""Yeah it's fun to rescue a stck truck and all but common you do want to finish the Objectiv at some point I just wish you would not need drive allways all the way to get everything.I've you wanna goof around for a bit it's allright for 20 bucks, but lets say, it puts the fun in dysfunctional."
76561198101881492,Recommended,263280,10482588,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,nstrike5556,i like this game fun driving game with a hard challenge the only bad thing is it needs for trucks cars to make it more interresting
76561197970834184,Recommended,263280,10482642,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,BenC,"I think it's fun and a fresh breath of air to the games that are coming out.Granted it's not perfect with problems with the viewing mechanic that everyone is complaining about. I find it's not too distracting actually.One other gripe I have is flashing shadow textures are a bit anoying, but again something that could be sorted out.I'm using ATI's eyefinity with 3 screens and it is mostly okay but needs some attention. Hint hint developers.Other than all my gripes, I'M HAVING A BLAST! :)"
76561198018236765,Recommended,263280,10482646,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Capzylen-Mexi,"It,s good but it,s not working. Because if i dont restart the computer all i get is ERROR CODE 51 and i don`t know how to fix itsombody PLZ HELP ME!!!"
,Recommended,263280,10482657,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,indepthqc,"this game is very fun. Recommended!The camera is glitched a little bit, but it is supposed to be patched soon."
76561198072096201,Recommended,263280,10483825,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,bluearches,"So far im really enjoying the experience and in the just under 5 hrs I have played I have hust tried to get used to the maps, which are massive and have so many different tracks to go down I would say it would take me another 10 or more hours before I get used to the first 3 maps. The vehicles are all empecable and in all I would say this is my GotY so far, and this can but isnt always a serious sim you can have a lot of good fun just messing around. Definetly Recomend This"
,Recommended,263280,10484637,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,[spelTV]killer81,Clearly worth putting money to buy this game to have some funn wid your friends. big thumbs up for this game. hope there will be more trucks end more maps and more mission Options..
76561198163028010,Recommended,263280,13568186,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Teza31,very gd game 5 star
76561198030068920,Not Recommended,263280,13600527,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,corrado.conti,"I have marked the game ""Not recommended"" for now due to the fact that after mapping all my pheripherals (Thrustmaster T500 + pedal and Shifter, a button box all mounted on a cockpit) All I have been able to do is get into an old Land rover, looking from somewhere behind it and to its left and rev the engine.Nowhere I have been able to find an explanation of how this game works with more advanced controllers.I will ty again soon, but for a modern game to giuve you so much trouble just mapping your controllers is a bit sloppy.Apparently, functions share the same numbers across controllers, so if I assign something to button number 8 on my wheel, I cannot assign the # 8 button on my button box or my shifter to anything else. That number is taken across controllers. It's the dumbest thing I have ever seen.I am more than open to give this game a thumbs up as soon as they make their controller interface more intuitive and better organized. I have never even seen a system setup this way.Imagine: I want to setup a H pattern shifter to the gears. I am takin buttons 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7. Now I want to assign something else to my wheel buttons. Unfortunately, I have a button 1,2,3,4 etc. also on my wheel, a completely separate controller. If I map those buttons on my wheel I have to unmap them from the shifter. It's madness."
76561198042394452,Recommended,263280,13601356,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mopheid,Lots of fun playing co-op.Could have better a better camera
,Recommended,263280,13584516,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Marlon,"As far as simulated offroading trucks and jeeps go, especially the old legends, this comes as close as I could get. The physics and mood is fantastic. There is sometimes just too much mud, and feels like you're continously in a recently-flooded area, but overall, having a good time. I definitely could not find anything this real, and I say this as a real world 4x4'er. Great fun."
76561198000695807,Not Recommended,263280,13585801,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Rygel XVI,"UNTIL OOvee addresses properly to the community that ALL is well and that the GAME is still going to be updated to level that would be standard in a game that a person has paid for. STAY WELL CLEAR AND DON""T PURCHASE.There seems to be conflicting versions of what has happened between the author and OOvee.I do like the game and i have praise for what it is, but atm after the last patch STAY CLEAR."
76561198166064141,Recommended,263280,13586300,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,bo3oof-qtr,very nice simulater
76561198072614432,Recommended,263280,13587069,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,villeboooi,"Good game, but can you add first person camera, then the game would be perfect!"
,Not Recommended,263280,13587255,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SK's,"Definitely do not recommend spending any money on this game. The camera was always an issue and the developer said that they would address it at some point but never did.Now the developer say they are mysteriously locked out and have flat out said no more updates for this.Apart from the fancy graphics and simulated terrian (It's pretty good), there is almost no gameplay story/motivation/element.No multiple profiles or multiple saved games - definitely avoid this."
,Recommended,263280,13588507,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Parvus Dominus,Love the game !!Singleplayer is boring but if you play multiplayer I have a lot of fun.
76561198084842861,Recommended,263280,13555766,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,FalloutGhoul,the best game ever!
,Recommended,263280,13557420,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Bob The Nob,Like a more extreme version of truck sim...
76561198168977922,Recommended,263280,13560760,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,breadpain,"This game is suprisingly loads of fun.  The graphics and physics are really great too.  With the multiplayer component, I would imagine driving as a convoy in this game would be cool.  If you like trucks, slow paced-simulation games, and driving in the mud, GET this game.  If you're looking for a truck game to speed through a delivery job and get from point A to point B on a paved road, this will not be for you."
,Recommended,263280,13560830,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ernie Potts,"When I got this game, I thought, ""Heh, how much fun can I possibly get from spinning tires."" Boy was I in for it. After a few hours you realize how much you really hate mud, and gain a distinct distaste for rocks. But hey in the end, you feel good you spent an hour moving a load of wood across hell mud, refuels, and high water."
76561198136405461,Recommended,263280,13560987,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,BassAckwards99,"I haven't played much, but it's really fun. It's really challenging on SinglePlayer (Highly Recommend haveing unlimited internet). I don't have unlimited internet all the time, only when I go to someone else's house. Multiplayer is the way to go. They could go a little easy on the mud, it's F***ing everywhere."
76561198121245351,Recommended,263280,13561066,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,FruitCake,"good game, loving the mud physics, 10/10, but it really seems that the devs abandoned it. either way, with updates not coming reguarly, its still a pretty sweet game. basically get mad and swear in russian as you crawl through mud and mountains, while hauling lumber for what seems like miles, before stumbling into a garage, only to find a crappy jeep. overall its a fun game, if you like off-roading bigrigs. would reccomend, although 30 for what you get is a bit steep, the $10 was worth it."
76561198141826600,Recommended,263280,13576004,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Britain guy,YES I DO
,Recommended,263280,13577116,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Defcon,"spent nearly an hour spinning in mud on christmas eve... nevertheless an awesome game, would reccomend."
76561198117813266,Not Recommended,263280,13577666,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,killemblake,f
,Not Recommended,263280,13578394,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,CPRTuning,Updates have ground to a halt!Only reason I bought this game was due to the Mods then I find out NO mod support at launch. Thought ok they will do it soon.8months later still nothing!!
,Not Recommended,263280,13173932,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ChrusPlays,"For everyone who is saying: ""All this game is, is getting stuck in the mud and just spinning your tires."", you are wrong. The game is great and I don't think there are any problems. The Graphics are really good (I have Intel HD Graphics 4000), which I am surprised that this ran. This game was on sale for 10.19 so I figured I'd get it because I saw other people play it as well.More coming soon.UPDATE: I do not recomend this game unless you want the creator to screw your save over. My game was saved and the recent update is making me restart. I am not happy right now."
,Recommended,263280,10492223,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,KiwiSmurf,"Very fun game and quite hard, but once you get the hang of it, its very enjoyableco op is even more fun!if you like offroading, you will love this"
76561198049359115,Recommended,263280,10492726,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,HyperionXFX,"I don't think there is a game out there like this one. The ground deformation and physics overall is probably the most important thing why this game is so good.It's so fun just to drive around with no purpose at all, because It's so damn realistic.For now every map has the objective to drive lumber from point A to point B, thats good enough for me, it takes me more than 3 hours to do that. Every map is different and fun, however I would like to see more content in the future and more mission objective like driving sand and other types of cargo.So far the game didn't crash once and it runs on highest settings. 1920x1200 on a bit older GTX 570 without any stuttering, It's really well optimized.Anyone who likes driving trucks and climbing up the hill with them or going through mud, water and rocks, this game is for you ;)"
76561197996914735,Recommended,263280,10492777,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,maffiamclaren,awesome game really challenging really realistic a real team game also good on solo A+++
76561198051556990,Recommended,263280,10493215,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,kalifek,Great example of phisics and graphic in real compact size
76561198003899603,Recommended,263280,10493922,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,kriss0710,Amazing game.I have been waiting for a real 4x4 free-roam simulator for so long and this is it !
,Recommended,263280,10494105,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Assault Ram,"best offroading game i ever played, i really hope they let u mod in lifted trucks and other vehicles so i can use it with a trailer to move around the logs and stuff it wold be so much funner espicially since i will get to roll coal in jacked up trucks ;)"
76561198130584899,Recommended,263280,10494207,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Will     1,most amazing game ever made !!!
76561198052336781,Recommended,263280,10494453,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Rocket Man,Physics 10/10Graphics 10/10Sound 10/10Interface 5/10Overall experience 9/10This game will keep you entertained for hours along with your friends!
,Recommended,263280,10496002,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Frans,My friend and I laughed our asses off when we both fell off of the first bridge and got stuck.10/10
,Recommended,263280,10728032,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,xj97xj,Awesome game great graphics and the deformable terrain is sweet
76561197992704748,Recommended,263280,10729434,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,xvpower,"There are tires, and they do indeed spin."
,Recommended,263280,10699033,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dr.PorkChops,"wonderful, offroad game very fun online"
,Recommended,263280,10713110,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Japala,"I tested out the tech demo when it was published couple of years back. The gameplay was nice even back then but I found the camera to be extremely annoying to control. Too bad that the same thing bugs me on this released version too. Can't understand why it haven't been fixed as I can not see a single reason why it works the way to does. Don't get me wrong, it is annoying but it does not limit the gameplay ""too much"".Graphics are nice. Can't stress that too much. GTX670 with max. details and all is fine.At this stage the main aim in the game is to deliver logs from point A to point B. Player needs to make certain amount of trips to the saw mill to complete the map. Usually 2-4 round trips. This becomes bit boring in time and hopefully in the future we will have move variety in missions.All in all, I do suggest this game as it offers an unique and I believe the best off-road driving experience to date. And I'm confident that the dev team will continue to improve this gem even further."
76561198011241925,Recommended,263280,10715804,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,John-J-Dunbar,What a waste of my damn money so dissapointed.
76561198132681116,Recommended,263280,10717699,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,53nd nud35,good game
76561197970694738,Recommended,263280,10705612,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,chris.rook,"This isn't a game for everyone, but it will suit you if you like something a bit quirky and enjoy simulations. The game is mainly about driving, but you usually don't drive for very long. Often you are only trying to travel a kilometre or so, and will get stuck  about three times in the process. Getting lost is also surprisingly easy over such short distances unless you use the map marker to help you. The water looks right, and the physics of the trucks feels pretty good, too.It's the mud that really makes the game - it deforms realistically and mostly looks great. You get used to recognising the different types of mud pretty quickly, since that's what the game is often about - picking your way over stretches of mud or rivers with the aid of winches, rescue vehicles and really big tyres. There is a puzzle/planning element to this as you are trying to complete your tasks efficiently. You have to move fuel and repair equipment around as well as cargo and trucks. Some puzzles are deliberately worked into the level design, but quite often you just create them for yourself simply by getting stuck and having to mount a rescue operation.There are a few downsides to be aware of. Some people seem to be finding the hardcore mode frustrating, as you can get yourself into a no-win situation without much warning. Picking up tactics on the casual mode seems to help, though. There are some things the developers could work on -  sand that's as good as the mud, clanky sound effects, better-looking winches."
76561198074473190,Recommended,263280,10706428,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,dbrowdew,"awesome game devs, realy nice"
76561198021328890,Recommended,263280,10706920,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,One-PunchMan,"Prettie interesting game, there is times where you can have some funtimes with the technologie :) bvut at tthe time i wish there would be more variaty. with maps, veichles, and gane modes. Or maybe atliest a more where you dont have to haul logs :)"
76561198132825223,Recommended,263280,10708704,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Matt,"good slow paced 4x4 cross truck simulator, goes well with a beer to make your afternoon betteryet spicy with other players"
76561198042375839,Recommended,263280,10710219,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,n0ah1897,"Wow. This game is absolutely stunning. If you feel the need to have a casual game where you can just sit back and relax while playing, this is the game for you. You can spend unlimited hours of fun with this game."
,Recommended,263280,13771298,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Suck My Duck,"Awesome physics, awesome gameplay, awesome graphics, awesome moddability.Not so awesome price."
76561198031545484,Recommended,263280,10471629,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,crazy_charlie321,"My first off-road simulator that I bought on steam is amazing.What to do ingame?Your job is simple, deliver lumber to a few different places on the map.. it´s however not really simple. You have to use various vehicles to accomplish your goal. It sounds quite boring but only the first map took me slightly over 7 hours in single player.Learning curve? Hmmm yes it has one.. let me explain:At first I didn´t really know how to do the lumber thing at all. Took me sometime to uncover all the vehicles in the first map. Not even to mention the shrouded minimap which I had to uncover with my Jeep.Anyway..My first go made me spill some lumber and not knowing in the beginning you can actually pick it up again, yes it´s that cool! Tow your vehicles if they are stuck in the mud or water, it´s possible. You can refuel and repair them with other vehicles, it is however a bit slow but it autosaves when you go out of the game and loads up as soon as you start it again. You can actually customize vehicles a bit, that´s handy really.What I like:These things that I written about made me apreciate: this game, trees and towing cables. It´s really nice and it doesn´t even take up a lot of space. The soundtrack from Spintires made me want the game as well, you know the one from the release trailer.. really really really cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Multiplayer?Sadly I haven´t played any multiplayer games yet, though it does support this. Something to think about.Not a race game:Bare in mind this is a simulation, not a racing game.. if you race your vehicles get damaged..Recommend it?Yes!"
76561197971775081,Not Recommended,263280,17773416,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,MonaTsbinde,"The concept sounded fun, it looked quite well and I genereally like plowing through things with heavy machinery. Well, you cenrtainly can do a lot of mudwrestling.The physics are great, the overall graphics up to par with todays technology. The maps are large and very diverse, objectives are there to encourage more muddy ventures. At first it was fun; after hitting the same ditch with two trucks, running out of fuel with the third and not being able to rescue any of the before with the jeep it can get frustrating at times. Oh, and for me, it also got a bit boring, winching my truck out of the next mudpit for the millionth time in 15 minutes...As others have mentioned before, camera controls are.... delicate, to put it nicely... quite often you have to pan around wildly to find a spot to tie the winch cable to... the soundeffects are ok, engine sounds sound rather beta...After all, it is a nice game but doesen't keep me motivated to play for more than half an hour... not enough for the money."
,Not Recommended,263280,17777773,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Bob... Just Bob,"Dont Buy, It ♥♥♥♥ing Sucks, You Get Stuck TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Easly, And When You Do, You Cant Even Move.Uility Cart, Tooooooooo Wide TOOOOOOO HEAVY FIX THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198083285487,Recommended,263280,17781340,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,☢-TheWeedBlazer-☭ CSGO500,Absolutely adore this game. This is the best offroad simulator I have ever played. You can do anything from extreme mud bogging to casual trail driving. Absolutely insanely well done physics. Overall a dream come true for offroading fans.
,Recommended,263280,17832970,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,1SG E.Gilmore [3rdID],Country Boy simulator 2015
,Recommended,263280,17834897,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Beast builds another PC,ALL GAMES NEED THESE MUD PHYSICS LIKE LOOK AT WAR THUNDER FOR EXAMPLE NEEDS THESE MUD PHYSICS
76561198182889151,Recommended,263280,17945266,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,"2jz,97",Favorites game
,Recommended,263280,17985245,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Todd McCuistion,Will there be any more updates? Or is Pavel finished working on ST?
76561197970550397,Recommended,263280,17986912,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Wolfgang5150,"i got this game for my son 4 yrs old, soon as we saw the video, and then i got my own copy to. {BADASS}"
76561198037828522,Not Recommended,263280,10458696,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,C. Black,"NEW REVIEW:Changed my review from possitive to negative and right now i give 4/10, do not spend £20 on something that looks and feels like a tech demo.Developers don't really care or are just not bothered enough to finalize the game and fix all bugs.With the last ""updates"" they actually regressed the game almost back to tech demo and the game really feels like one.Game has been out a year and promisses were not fulfilled, no new modes, no 1st person camera view, no new trucks, almost no improvement to the broken multiplayer, no mod support, and many more.The game has been out for far longer available as tech demo so if i am not misstaking its maybe 3-4 years and still isn't finished.Oovee should sell it to a dev company that has the money and manpower to finish this game, it had such a big promise, but for today's gamer with availabity of Steam refunds you cannot expect us ""players, customers"" to be patient.This game is one of the projects that will never see the light of its full potencial due to incompetence of few people.Should be sold as an ""Early"" or rather ""Late"" Access, i had such big hopes for this gameSteam gave us refund option so devs like these finally wake up and realize that this way they aren't going to make any money, you have to work in order to get paid!OLD REVIEW:First of all it is a good game with good graphics and stability, the physics are the most amazing part of this game and that makes it one of the best if not the best off-road simulator ever.As i said its still in development and it really feels like an alpha or early release, since there are only 5 maps and 7 classic soviet vehicles - Kamaz, UAZ, Kraz, Zil, Ural and 2x heavy MAZThe only objective at the moment is to take timber from point A to point B on the map or just free roam, compared to the technical demo i played about a year ago it does have some improvements but also some drawbacks.The game has a lot of promise, but if you buy it you really need to be patient with the developers, they are working to bring more both free and paid content to the gamegood points:-multiplayer and coop, up to 4 players per map can drive each by his own or help each-other out of mud-stuck in mud? get the winch out tie it on a tree and pull yourself out - amazing physics here too-not hardware demanding, never crashed on me so far and didn't find any bugs yet-detailed models of vehicles and detailed maps and as i wrote before great physics all around-diff lock can be turned on and off as can the all wheel drive, various attachments for each truck-the driving is really challenging and really feels like a simulatorbad points:-doesn't support mods at the moment-only partial controller support and only for xbox 360 usb pad, no steering wheel controller support-no interior view yet-hard to control camera, many times hard to see whats in front of you as it only rotates around the truck-only 1 objective yet and thats delivering timber-not much foliage variation of the maps, basically they mostly look all the same only have a different layout of the muddy roads, rivers and lakes-you only can save progress (autosave) on one map at a time, as soon as you switch to another map your progress from old map will be overwritten-only very basic contentAll of those bad points are planed to be addressed and also more content is promissed, but when it will be done i don't know, so for now i only recommend it to patient players"
,Recommended,263280,11058450,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Archer,"I love his game, but it feels like an early access release and until they get the camera sorted out and refine the controls a bit I can't really recommend it. If they do that I will gladly change this to a thumbs up.EDIT: Having reinstalled this after much time I was suprised to find the issues I mentioned in my earlier review have been addessed. I like to think I am a man of my word so this now officially has my thumbs up approval."
,Recommended,263280,16904552,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,(POC)spino REX,but crashes
76561198199408618,Recommended,263280,16935235,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,tristen218,how to get the add mods button in the top right had corner where your name is
76561198202325262,Recommended,263280,16942770,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Wackyraces69,"A must have for the offroad person in you, challenging and rewarding at the same time.Single player is a good introduction to the game and the more that you play this the more you get into the game.Multiplayer is where it is at, work together to get the objectives complete.As I have already said this game is challenging and you need to explore and push yourself, don't give up.I'm hooked :)There are some niggles in the game but this is to be expected as it is being updated as you play."
76561198084082189,Recommended,263280,16947668,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Proudyy,"Fun game, very slow paced.If you like driving vehicles offroad and seem to think you have what it takes to play for hours and not drive much further than your local co-op, this is the game for you. Drive about 10 feet in a landrover and your already stuck. Tow him out with the massive truck and its game on.PROS:Good physicsMUD is quite realisticFun with friends/onlineBad:Very slow pacedVehicles seem to do no more than 5mph, even on a road.Not much in terms of ""An objective""All your told is too drive around and find a garage with more vehicles.I have played a few hours for a bit of fun, not much point in playing other than if you cannot be bothered to play something that requires brain activity.3/5"
,Recommended,263280,16949022,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,marcus.,good
76561198040408911,Recommended,263280,16917063,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Aethax,pros:offroading funbig russian trucksmudwateracctual physicsgreat grahpichs that dont make your computer sound like a washing machine full of rocks(no lag)cons:bad camera angles9.999/10 :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
76561198106310175,Recommended,263280,16920829,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,LukeHammerheart,Great game if you love off roading of any kind! Huge mod cummunity support as well!
,Recommended,263280,17159292,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Sentinel,WTF MUD
,Recommended,263280,10503290,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Arion,So realistic I'm now called Sergei and drink Vodka for Breakfast!
,Recommended,263280,10488637,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,DonnE Starside,"This game is absolutely amazing. The physics engine is incredible and very realistic. If you would roll in real life, you're gonna roll in this. If you'd get stuck in real life, you better believe you're gonna get stuck in this and need to winch yourself out. It's incredibly fun if you like realistic off-roading. It's got cool vehicles in it, all very detailed. The camera is a bit of a pain at times is my only complaint with this. Well other than the fact that the devs have spoiled me with too good of a game XD."
,Recommended,263280,10488670,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,downtown,"Fun game, will be even better when it's out of beta! (Hopefully)"
76561197986420960,Recommended,263280,10488718,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Twitchy,the absalute best driving sim game i hae played. i hardly do the objectives i just have fun mudding
76561198024260243,Recommended,263280,10488891,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Siraxious,even though the game has some bugs here and there i can say im impressed. As long as there are updates and improvements im sure the $30 price tage wont be a problem for future players.
76561198002437318,Recommended,263280,10491412,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,[NED] rembo1992,"This game is just simply awesome. If you love off-road / mudding, than this is the right game for you!Hint use Diff Lock / All Wheel for the people who are getting stuck in the mud."
76561198057369211,Recommended,263280,10491472,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Ouzo (ούζο),Mud bogging simulator 2014.
,Recommended,263280,10492040,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,GeneralFord B),"Everything about this game is perfect. (exept for the camera, but you need to get used to it) For being in Beta this game is fantastic, and its by far the best offroad game/simulator i've ever played.My wishlist for future updates:- First-person camera.- More vehicles- Modding (Steam Workshop etc.)- More objectives and achievements.- Larger multiplayer lobbies.In my opinion this game deserves ""Game of the year 2014"", but whatever, bigger titles like Watch_Dogs and Wolfenstein will get it anyways. The physics in this game are better than anything else i've seen. If you're into offroading and realistic games, this game is highly recommended!"
,Recommended,263280,16077085,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,LEGENDARY,i love muddin and this game is fun not sure why the cloaks are there but other than that its fun i recommend this game to whoever likes adventure and risky and random♥♥♥♥♥
76561198158551501,Recommended,263280,16299686,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ryanlapp12,good
,Recommended,263280,16572558,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Gzoom,This game has charm also the truck are all ways in the mud meaning they rare ly go fast enough to brake the fps so fun for computers of all ablity'also a great game the open alpha was great and this is amazingtruck drivers will feel at home with the relistic truck mode manage ment.
76561198180026087,Recommended,263280,16278051,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,skylermacart,its great with mods but i hate that when i play with a wheel if i close the game i have to redo all of my controls
,Recommended,263280,16316079,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Devilstompa,Great GameHighly Recommended
76561198120401195,Recommended,263280,16371318,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,GTO2002,"This is one of the best offroad simulaters I have ever played. I really like the sounds of the engines and the graphics,physics,and details in this game are amazing.This game is totally worth the money"
,Recommended,263280,16374078,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Complex Shadow,i love this game. and love the devs. the publisher isn't so great. hoesntly its great small game worth buying whenever its on sale.
76561198148519319,Recommended,263280,16443102,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ddawg,One of the best off roading games I ever played
,Recommended,263280,16448454,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,REFiNED,"This has to be one of the best off roading games of all times, it's so addicting once you get used to it, and when mudding in a 8x8 the statisfaction level just goes over 9000. Best game 10/10, imma go play it now."
,Recommended,263280,16334075,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,|JTF| Thunderwolf47,"Nothing like fleeing from the cops after holding up a bank, their hot on your♥♥♥♥♥untill you ditch them in the woods. Laying low as a random woodsmen you ditched your nice Escalde SUV for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Opal that has transmission problems. You end up spending the money that you stole from the bank heist on getting carraiges for your trucks cause you need to act like a woodsmen. Your first journy out, you nose dive into what looked like a puddle but that puddle is quickly filling your truck's cab with water and mud......... Spintires, a driving game."
,Recommended,263280,13125931,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Moody,Ayy its like real life
,Recommended,263280,16366170,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,vektoren,So much fun -- it is a very nice game.
,Recommended,263280,16366703,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,zzubnik,"If you like the idea of taking varied vehicles through muddy roads, really muddy roads to get to a point on the map, this is the game for you. The physics are excellent, as are the mud and water effects. For what it is, it is executed superbly.However, there's not much more to it than that. Your objective is merely to deliver logs or uncover parts of the map.If the above sounds like fun, go for it.I completed the game, and I enjoyed it, but it might have limited appeal to some people. There is a demo, but the demo isn't quite as good as the released game."
,Recommended,263280,16368341,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Audiopulse,"The game is still early access and sometimes breaks. All in all its still a heap of fun though. Rather relaxing, too, if you know the basics and choose to go easy."
,Recommended,263280,16369262,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Crayzee,"Oh, so you almost made it to the drop off zone with your precious logs? Have a random ditch that'll make your truck tip over and dig itself into the ground like a mole seeking shelter for the night and make all your rescue vehicles get stuck in the mud as if the Grand bloody Canyon suddenly formed itself into the earth beneath your wheels."
,Recommended,263280,16377426,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SpaceLupine (quartic),The best Russian offroad vehicle simulator out there! It's very peaceful to drive across the countryside. Even if the countryside is trying to get your truck stuck or flipped over or washed downstream.
,Recommended,263280,16379636,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TheBlackMurko™,Best soft world physics so far
,Recommended,263280,16381208,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TheJamsh,"Quite fun, but whoever designed the User Interface and the Camera Controls should be shot, because they're both the worst I've ever seen."
76561198012989076,Recommended,263280,16382341,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,matt_1462,SO GOOD!
,Recommended,263280,15669084,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Stingray,"Mud physics, terrain deformation and big trucks. Although there are some occasional issues this game is still very fun to play with friends."
76561198063060927,Recommended,263280,16550468,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,shyska ronja,"The only problem i have with this game is the camera. It would seem that the creators wanted something cinimatic, but there is such a thing as making a game to cinimatic for its own good. I think the game has promise but it would appear that is just a lumber hauling simulator set in a muddy forest. I admire the physics of the game and the large vehicles but i wish there was more to the game than just dredging through mud to carry logs from point A to point B. Unfortunately this game seems to require the internet at times."
,Not Recommended,263280,15140898,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Sheepie,"31 MarchI recommend this game, as I have enjoyed a good 50+ hours of it. It is quite a challenge, and the teamwork and coordination required in multiplayer is phenomenal, and when you are successful you feel amazing.There are a few downsides, however, such as only 6 maps and 7 trucks, so the game often feels repetitive.If you join a public lobby (maximum 4 people), you'll often find yourself with people who don't speak the same language as you. Quite often, I am in lobbies with 1 english person (me), a russian person, a french guy and a german bloke, and nobody can understand each other.Updates were previously rare, but the developer has promised to bring out a new update at least every month, the next few including a cabin view and mod support.I would like to see steam workshop support in the future, so players can download user-created maps and vehicles quickly and easily.Other than that, a great game. If you like simulation driving games likeEuro Truck Simulator 2you should find a good amount of enjoyment out of this game.30 JulyOkay, so 4 months ago I thought this was great. The graphics are amazing, the gameplay is enduring and the game is quite a challenge, which is good.The reason I've changed by review to negative is because the game has gotten incredibly boring. Everything has been done. This may be because I've been playing it for 50+ hours, but no, it's because it lacks content.2 months ago the developers promised mod support, bug fixes and free DLC within 1 month. 2 months later, no update has been released and nothing else has been announced. This is appalling!I've been waiting for almost a year for a decent update to come out with lots of new content, but nothing. It's a real shame - this game had so much potential..."
76561198145461247,Recommended,263280,18010613,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,PizzaOfDeath,if your a huge 4x4 mud slinging enthusiast this game will make you happy.  If you add the modded vehicles this game will make you cry tears of joy!
,Recommended,263280,18004852,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,KawaRu  [BE],"Very good game, although it has some bugs..Playing online is only recommended with people you know as it is almost impossible to have a good connection/teamplay.I would recommend this game to my friends for sure!"
,Recommended,263280,17939811,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Warchild,good game its fun but all the mods you can do like like changing the trucks and things needs to be in steam instead of trying to track all of them down one by one
,Recommended,263280,17979390,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,thatdamnmel,"The game concept is simple, visit cloaked areas of the map to uncloak them map, once the map is uncloaked you can then see on the map any locked garages and vehicles, visit the locked vehicles to unlock them to give you a fully functioning fleet of vehicles, supply parts to locked garages to unlock them to give you a better foot hold on the game, then visit the lumber yard collect lumber and deliver the required amount to the sawmill (objective). Whilst traveling over dirt tracks, through rivers and flooded areas, up and down mountains in some of the most suitable and unsuitable vehicles possible. 9/10 for physics and general feel of the game, 7/10 for gameplay, if you like driving games an offroading then this is a game for you. If you know how and when to use all wheel drive and diff lock then this is a game for you. If you like a challenge and to plan a strategy then this is a game for you. However multiplayer mode is one of my favorite but most annoying parts of the game. You start multiplayer server, you and the other three players set off you get stuck in the mud/water, you ask for help to be winched out from where you are stuck, the person you have asked comes along gets stuck also and then leaves the server so you are left there with only two other players, another player manages to come along not get stuck and then tows you out. You then managed to complete most of the objectives, to then realise you are playing on your own to find out that you are the only player left as the others have left..... Or worse still the player who is hosting the game server decides to leave the game and you get kicked making the last hour delivering the lumber and getting other players unstuck a waste of time. Single Player 9/10 Multiplayer with good players 9/10 multplayer with not so good players 5/10.  That said I really like this game and I hope the developers can expand on this game to introduce more maps, a storyline for single player, and better camera control."
,Recommended,263280,17977088,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,KushMan®,its k
76561198067198869,Recommended,263280,17957486,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Monkey Mouth,"Very good game for those who like romping through the countryside window-deep in thick, glutinous, claggy and boggy mud BUT has 4 major faults.1: Annoying camera angles. The camera angles start way to the left and angle towards the rear wheels. if you manage to correct it, your FOV is reduced to pretty much the roof. If you want to see what the rear of your vehicle is doing or is lodged on, tough because you can't and if you have the view set up, you have to turn the camera with the mouse around almost every corner.Possible fix would be a new fixed behind mode (similar to exterior view in most driving games) or just raise the viewing height and stabilize it.2: Fog of War cloaking over maps. You have to find twister-like things in order to show a certain obscured part of the map which I think is quite anoying.Possible fix would be either only having it in hardcore mode or making the area you uncover by driving through it about 3 times larger.3: A 50 ton truck vs a small tree. Truck puts nearly full weight on the tree. Tree bends but stays strong. Tree glues itself to the bottom of the truck. Truck unable to move. Tree wins - seems legit.4: All vehicles - regardless of size, weight, terrain or speed - have the turning circle of a beached Cruiseliner.4 minor problems - not game-breaking but still quite annoying and coule be improved.1: Starting fuel is low even on Casual mode. Possible fix would be to have low fuel on Hardcore mode and full fuel on Casual mode.2: Winch option is impossible to find and there is no restart (though you can get respawned to the garage without your load) option when you inevitably get flipped by it.3: Too few maps and too little variety between them - I know there are mods, but to have more choice from the game itself without having to mod like a madman would be nice. Maybe they could add like a Rocky Mountain and a Saharan/Desert style maps for added variety.4: Lack of any free-mode option. A mode where you can chose your vehicle and find certain locations on the map or just go from a drive.Beyond that, it is quite fun actually. Not for everyone, but it is nice for those who like off-roading.7/10. Quite good - Nice graphics, good physics and quite addictive but has its fair share of issues."
76561198187722147,Recommended,263280,17971651,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,never change,why if we play with another pcit will start again from the begin
,Recommended,263280,18019906,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Ange1ofD4rkness,"What I tell people when they ask about Spintires. ""A developer found a way to make mud"".I don't know what it is about this game, but it's just fun to drive big trucks, hauling cargo, and trying not to get stuck or tip you rig. I also find it rather impressive you don't need some high end video card to run it. While you probably can't have all settings turned on, the game can run on Intel integrated video cards, they even won an award for it (and I have run it on my work laptop).I do admit I have only played a little of the multiplayer, but what I did, I enjoyed.The only thing that annoys me really, is the lack of being able to have multiple saves. Awhile back I was working a program of my own to fix that, just never around to finishing it. The other is the camera. I really wish we could get an in-cab mode. There was a modder working on it, but I never followed up to see what became of it.Never the less this is a great game, that allows you to pick it up and play when you want, and leave when you want, which is a huge plus in my book.So if you have the money, or you find it on sale, buy it!"
,Recommended,263280,16540735,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Shadow_Hazard,"I am really loving this game; the sound effects are great and the visuals are fantastic. It has the potential to be a 'dream' offroad trucking game. BUT, there are of course a few issues:1. The mud is WAY overdone, ridiculously so, to the point where if you see a big muddy area ahead you might as well just quit the level and restart and take a different route (especially if you're pulling a traliler). Even nice grassy areas turn to mud under your truck, where it should be solid ground, and your rig will sink to the chassis. The winch is a cool feature but it really seems like nothing more than a mechanic to allow you to play at all - because you'll probably need it every few meters, winching from one tree to the next just to keep your truck moving. The mud is great if you enjoy a truck swimming simulation, because most of what you do is more akin to swimming than driving.2. Small rocks and logs (even piles of branches and twigs) pose too much of an obstacle and can even stop your massive truck in its tracks.3. Simply too few vehicles and too few maps at this time, plus the lack of ability to select map to play based on what trucks are in it, or the ability to choose which trucks to use or to put additional trucks into a level.Other than those things, I'm really enjoying this game so far!"
,Recommended,263280,16423301,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,CoisasDoFabio,The tyres spin if you do not lock the differential - 10/10 CoisasDoFabio
,Recommended,263280,16423480,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bobblett,"More people need to play it, its terribly underrated and maybe add voice chat, other than that its is an epic game! It would be way better with workshop and other kinds of game modes but come on, its in beta!"
,Recommended,263280,16424575,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kronixx,"The controls are pretty abysmal, and the camera is overly complicated to control, lack of cabin camera built in is a little bit of a bummer, but only an hour into the game and it's surprisingly rewarding to do even simple tasks. Multiplayer is both hilarious and very cooperative with how often you get stuck in the most unforgiving mud on planet earth. This mud is not even joked about in the bible. Overall though, I would recommend it if you can snag it on sale and have a friend or two to play with."
,Not Recommended,263280,13620811,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dyllan,"Horrible dirt mechanics, gimmicky game.Please just don't waste your money on it."
,Recommended,263280,13623190,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,JohnC,I was waiting for a game like this for a long time. Thumbs up !
,Recommended,263280,13623837,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,dolphin facts,"this is a really good game. the graphics are really good and so are the physics, well designed maps, a large diversity of truck/ addon/ trailer/ wheels combos, who cares if there's no story whatsoever when you've got 8- wheeled behemoths,I haven't tried the multiplayer yet but it sounds really fun. the only reason i'm not playing right now is my truck rolled over and I lost my load of small logs. it's a fun game, but it needs cheese."
76561198093440955,Not Recommended,263280,13625728,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,derpstin,"Guess it's straight to the gulag for me... this is a hopeless, hellish experience, requires more patience than I am willing to muster for this ""game""."
,Recommended,263280,13604891,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,FLOBATHTHEGR8,"terrain deformation has been soemthing i've wanted to see in games for a while and finally havok have produced a game that does this, they have provided physics for other game si like such as red faction Guerilla and SpaceMarine."
,Recommended,263280,13610190,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Raptor Rango,Best off road game outthere
,Recommended,263280,13677012,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,getsome,"I am a great fan of driving simulatirs, particularly Truck Simulator but have always wanted something with some unusual terrain.  Came across Spintryes in the last sale, and have to say this is by far the best driving sim I have played and £6.79 well spent.I am on the game for hours, the update was great although dissapointed that my saved progress wasn't carried on with the update -  but I am sure the development team will  prevent this form happening agian, as it happened I hadn't completed any of the objectives anyhow at the time.For the future I would like to see mouse steering incoporated, this is a big ask and minor, if yopi want something with a bit of realism of some 4x4 action then this is worth every penny.Keep the updates coming team, look forward to the new year."
76561197970493750,Not Recommended,263280,13653970,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,svennoj,"Awesome simulation, flawed as a game.Mud and physics simulation are great. It's very rewarding to work your way out of a difficult situation, either by getting a tow truck, repair or fuel truck or by winching back and forth until you get unstuck.However limited frustrating camera control and the unfriendly interface get in the way of enjoying it fully. A tipped over lumber truck immediatley loses its logs leaving no chance of recovery. You can only start over. The worst is losing all progress on a map due to a crash and the autosave disappearing. You can't save manually.I would not recommend it as a game in its current state. But it's worth experiencing the simulation part if you can get it in a sale."
,Recommended,263280,13655280,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,BOND567,this is an outstanding game. physics are great pleanty of mods out there hopfully more to come multiplayer wise. would be nice to see diferent types of missions. more trucks of cores would be cool. the moded trucks just replace the current trucks not bad at all but there is plenty of potential. the detail is amazing as well.
76561198079378649,Recommended,263280,13657125,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Dr. Günglass Ph.D,"Camera angle wonky at times, but other than that it is an excellent game.9/10"
,Recommended,263280,11250100,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,FaWqs ψ,LIKE LIKE LIKE Awesome Game.
76561198020119451,Not Recommended,263280,13670138,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,MoonpigDan,great update chaps!! now it freezes on load up
76561198029177093,Recommended,263280,13168887,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fluffski,"Mud, mud and more..... mud. good fun but not so good cams.worth a buy in a sale"
76561197967541881,Recommended,263280,13168939,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Matt Nukem,"Mud and water have never been simulated more realistically in a game. It's a bit light on content, and can be murderously hard at times, but it's weirdly enjoyable all the same. I'm not sure what else to say about it; it's really one of those games you have to see in motion and/or experience.If you've ever had a passion to be a logger in the Siberian wilderness, this is the game for you."
76561198045638432,Recommended,263280,11306684,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ThatDrunkAussie,very fun game makes you think twice before choosing aa rout
76561198028608970,Recommended,263280,11338762,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,blue star,"Excellent game, thoroughly entertaining and immersive but would very much like to see additional objectives and the 360 controller support is great although the lack of the ability to re map the controller buttons makes winching almost impossible due to the fact that you have to try and drive with the controller while holding down the f key on your keyboard."
76561198040347577,Recommended,263280,11327786,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,scropioczn,Kills your time madly.
76561198137715487,Recommended,263280,11329594,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,lego4488man,okay graphics great modeling  highly realistic off roading all shoud buy
76561198143007048,Recommended,263280,11249930,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,lallybaba,The Game is great fun however my experience with STEAM has been abismal. I would definately recommend this game but would not do the same for STEAM.
,Recommended,263280,11250607,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Ashley~ ♥,Great game.
,Recommended,263280,11250621,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,NegroISO,If this is representation of Motherland count me in. 10/10 would used 200l of gas to rummage around countryside again and flip truck in mud then wench self out. If only it had big russian women to pickup at locations and haul them to destination.
,Recommended,263280,11391246,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,F!$h£r,"Needs more to it, then it will be amazing."
76561198027949904,Recommended,263280,11393056,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Techno78,"Yes, this is a very cool game. What do i like in Spintires; play together with friends, get stuck in the mud in fancy ways, see others fall over with all the lumber, find a way to solve problems on the go, and more. What do i dis-like; sometimes an error take place the trucks fly into the air and come back down again, and rocks get airborne sometime when a complex collision takes over, it does not support a steering wheel, it has no internal view which is a sad thing i mean how can you control a vehicle outside it would be nice to feel like a driver inside the cabin. Normally i dont play this kind of games but this one pulled me in. Good job this is how you make cool games!"
76561198068835007,Recommended,263280,11378060,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Nonprofit Kills,Oddly addicting. I've spent hours spinning my tires through the mud. I am looking forward to game updates and more excellent mods from the community.
76561198095123624,Recommended,263280,11411584,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Ben,amazing
76561198013675691,Recommended,263280,11412058,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Putts,If you like off roading man this thing looks great plays well
76561198069673078,Not Recommended,263280,11415347,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Big red,"This game can be very fun but there is very little to do, which can cause the game to get a bit old. I honestly dont consider this a full game and should be classified as an early access game. There is a great verity of vehicle that are fun to drive and the terrain reacts great to how the vehicles drive threw them but there isnt enough to do. The multiplayer is ok but could be improved greatly."
76561198110857324,Recommended,263280,11393538,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Candycane Wang,very fun and great for rednecks!
76561198032488299,Recommended,263280,11395769,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Simonize92,This game is great! many challenging trails and fun ojectives. Can't wait for more vehicules to be brought out.
,Recommended,263280,11398303,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Strayer_J,"While this game is fun and I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys a nice sim now and then, it has its drawbacks.The good:-Entertaining-Physics (as far as I know, I've never drove soviet trucks through giant mudpits)-MultiplayerThe bad:-Pricetag-Seems like an unfinished game, I would think this build belongs in early access-Controller Support.  While it does support controllers there is no ability to remap controller buttons making it very tedious to winch while using one.-Limited Content. While I see myself playing this game for a bit longer I feel as if I've done all there is to do within the first 2 hours"
,Recommended,263280,11400029,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,PYROMANT|C,"Spintires is a game that I’m sure will appeal to lovers of this genre as it recreates the experience of driving heavy vehicles through muddy terrain with a disturbing amount of accuracy. This shows through in several aspects of the game, namely the visuals and the core simulation engine, something which I’m sure many will appreciate. However it still seems to be suffering from some early stage teething issues and honestly whilst I can see the attraction to these kinds of games it’s probably not the kind of title I’ll find myself investing anymore time in. So if you’re a lover of all simulators great and small you probably won’t go wrong with Spintires.Read my full review here:http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2014/07/25/spintires-feels-like-jaynestown-around-here/"
,Recommended,263280,11529042,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Jizzles,"Honestly, as a son of a former logger, and a somewhat of a redneck. I enjoy this game genuinely, the ground deformation is terrific in this game and is what really adds a challenge to this game. Would you enjoy this game? I don't know, would you enjoy spending countless hours roughing the terrain trying to deliver your load to the next log yard? Do you want to brave a deep river or coast a big hill to make that delivery. This game is not for the normal person, but to a special kind of person it's amazing."
76561198020124249,Recommended,263280,11538991,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,finaltarget11,"8/10 if you listen to the complainers you'll miss a pretty good game here, the terrain deformation, physics, and the sounds are quite well done, sure there are a couple of bugs with it, the camera isn't very good, and it can be frustrating at times, but the game isn't supposed to be easy either (read: boring). despite its shortcomings, spintires is one of the best off road driving games available for pc right now."
76561198074579179,Recommended,263280,11540061,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Chompski LFT,"This game is very good and hours of fun but once you complete all of the levels, theres not much to do after that besides just driving around.... which is still a lot of fun. Multiplayer is a blast with three other friends and by the time you look at your clock, hours would have passed like they were minutes. Completely worth the $29.99 and with future updates, I cant wait to see whats in store! I recommend this game to anyone who has taken the time to read this."
,Recommended,263280,18098659,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Vargen,this is gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
76561198238373732,Recommended,263280,18183323,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,n.hamidi46,how can I add more cars
76561198233524132,Recommended,263280,18212277,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Dominator,really great game
76561198160211829,Recommended,263280,18116825,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,i like fisse,good game
,Recommended,263280,18150646,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Nurstin,"Ran over a twig, totalled my truck.10/10 would crash again!"
76561198167515876,Recommended,263280,18674675,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,thouraxe,Awesome game
,Recommended,263280,18673258,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Commy,"Beautiful game, runs amazingly, I definitely recommend it to anyone who likes driving games. Now that mod support it officially in the game, mods are amazingly easy to install as well."
76561198079431689,Recommended,263280,18687828,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dre,ABSOLUTLY AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198176212047,Recommended,263280,18688477,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,[IFN] McBugger [M],fantastict game to play even with a 10 year old computer as slow as a snail
76561198199052981,Recommended,263280,18686974,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,tlfeda,wish it was easier to get different vehicles
76561198086005541,Recommended,263280,18689136,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sk69,This game is pretty amazing the only problem i have is that the braches act like a unpassable object
76561198102143738,Recommended,263280,18128557,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Jarithom,I have been playing spintires for about 10 months now and i suppose that it has improved a HECK OF A LOT since it came out but i have hade a few problems with the startup of the game but its fixed now.WHEN ARE THOSE NEW TRUCK MODELS COMING OUT!?!?
76561198147888510,Recommended,263280,18650431,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,japb8,great game lots of fun
76561198090109199,Recommended,263280,10484137,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,beav1018,Hello i do like the concept of the game and i like all the mud .a couple of things that bug me is the camera angles if you could lock one camera at a time that would be great the othe bug is the damage of your vehicle damage is to fast on some trucks like the jeep version. tune that down and it would be great. also get rid of the cloaking or make it partailly visable on the map. i love all the sounds of the game. my best score for this game 1 being the lowest and 10 the highest i give spintires a 7out of 10.
76561198075421941,Recommended,263280,18062819,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,DaveyB85,Love it.
,Recommended,263280,18162315,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,matt.751,Couldnt be less stable. Might be ok as long as you do not try to mod at all. Any mod of any kind will cause this game to fail every attempt to launch. Needs alot of work. When it does work it is an ok game.
,Recommended,263280,18120920,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Mgamer372,varey fun keep updating it
76561198155779036,Recommended,263280,18140009,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Ninja,i play this evry day and it is a good game i like it olot i never play my other games now
,Recommended,263280,18142306,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Migi,Yes.
,Recommended,263280,18703866,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,METAInc,I LOVE! this game! It is the only pc game i found that realy understands offroad mechanics. I can play this game for countless hours and the new updates are great! I highley recomend this game!
76561198244938560,Recommended,263280,30582015,Posted: 17 March,all,polaris365,"this games physics are very realalistic, it is a little confusing on how the controlls work at first, but after a while you get used to it. There are a variety of vehicles to choose from and a test map that you can use to test out all of the vehicles. Side note, you can add mods to the game also."
76561197987350504,Recommended,263280,18712319,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,*UTA* SpandauRanger,"A very good game, with polished engine and good graphics. The gameplay could be better though. Still i would recommend this game, it's fun to play!"
76561198130547519,Not Recommended,263280,16864382,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Flipmode,"Such a awsum game to play 10/10 mudding, should be fun, right?.. untill u have to move the camera cuz u are stuck on something or u just want to have a good view on the situation.. Spintires say's NO, ill show u this tree !?! or u want to see whats happening behind the truck? O NO, lets just NOT show u that !?! THE RAGE I TELL YA, Pls Ovee do something just PLS. i can't play 1minute like this, im so sad, it makes it unplayable for me.."
,Recommended,263280,30572375,Posted: 17 March,all,Logic,Great game with awesome mods. But there isnt a large community so unless you and a friend buy it at the same time dont expect to play it with many people.
,Recommended,263280,16692497,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Scarlet Rabbit,"Spintires… a game meant for simulating the troubles of delivering lumber to the objective. Indeed I do believe that this is a fun game at first simulating the road conditions and the wilderness. I do think that it does get old after a wail like once I’m done with the planes map (one of the known harder maps within the game) I go onto the costal map and take one look at the in game map… “oh the same objective… and the loading port I see…” *even though some of the maps are indeed tiled once noticed *spoiler* * it then gets old really fast my suggestions to the developers include a map maker for the game let players create their very own challenges also at least try to implement a easier way to install downloaded maps and give some of the maps their own unique advantages too. Let the player feel a little bit more in control instead of “HAY!! Loading docks here, objective is here, here are a few fuel stations, and maybe an extra garage or two. Now play and hope you don’t rage quit doing the same thing” one more thing instead of having to go through the entire work making maps for the game. Just put all the maps found online that are topically moded in.But in other words I would give it 16-20."
,Recommended,263280,10506038,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,☻║Twigzlet║☻,"Absolutely epic! Can't wait for mod support, more maps and more vehicles... 5 out of 5"
76561198129250224,Recommended,263280,10467929,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Munch517,"This game is great. It's lacking a bit some areas. most notably the camera as people have pointed out. But in general the game really impresses, it has the best ground deformation and water physics I've seen in a game and the twisting bending and shaking of the trucks themselves is also nice. To sum it up, if  you want a sandbox off-road game or are impressed by some of the next-gen physics stuff, this game is certainly for you. It stands on its own as-is with the $30 price tag and I have every bit of faith that the developers will continue to improve the game further.EDIT: After waiting and waiting for an update, I feel like it's worth noting that this game is really lacking polish and content. I'm sorry to say that I have very little faith that this game will see any meaningful improvements despite the developers claim of a significant update within a month. Even at that I still cant ""not recommend"" this game, I would just strongly suggest getting it on sale and hoping that development moves forward."
76561198139084163,Recommended,263280,10990005,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dutchroyal45,ya this game is freat would like their to be mods on steam otherwise tons of off road fun
,Recommended,263280,10990495,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,CoNveX,THE MUD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,263280,10990962,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jordan Devault,i love this game because you can go mudding and get stuck with your friends in multiplayer.
76561198113538176,Recommended,263280,10994301,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Pandisa001,"one of the hardest games iver ever played,and as u can see in my profile pic i love trucking"
,Recommended,263280,11143441,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Pink_Beard,Great game & must buy !!
76561198072858310,Recommended,263280,11144076,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Garry Turbo,this game is super fun and its awesome to mess around with
76561198077788965,Recommended,263280,11144388,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,joe864864,"Amazing game!! Followed up through all the tech demos, great game!"
76561197978115103,Recommended,263280,11121959,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,~ⓀoⒻεⓎ~,"this is actually a pretty good truck sim , i wasnt sure at first cuz the game was so buggy at launch , but i've spent some quality time with it now and it's grown on me ."
,Recommended,263280,11140234,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Can_DougieBoy,"If your looking for an exciting intense game, this isn't it. If your looking for a ultra realistic simulation that can be very challenging, then I highly recommend this game.The ground deformation and awesome physics with the vehicles makes this game one of a kind."
,Recommended,263280,11141225,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,RoadRat,"If you have every been off road in your life and enjoyed it, do yourself a favor and get this game. It's also even better with friends!"
76561198121599795,Recommended,263280,11141495,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,i who made you,"I wasn't planning on buying this game but I thought to myself: I've already spent dozens of hours on the free tech demo, might as well go ahead and give them my money. But seriously, go play the tech demo before you buy this and you will definately know whether or not to buy it. Finished version is optomized better (same settings produced 35% lower load on my GPU)."
76561198085685512,Recommended,263280,11129719,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,ThatJeepDude,"I would recommend Spintires to anyone with an interest in off-road driving. If you don't like driving and getting stuck in the mud, stick to Forza or truck simulators. Spintires will certainly not appeal to everyone, and so I would highly suggest to check out the Tech Demo atSpintires.comif you think you're not sure.  I have been waiting a long time for a game like this and I knew I'd enjoy it from the time I viewed the screens and trailer.  I feel like I speak for many others when I say that Spintires has filled a pretty big hole in our video gaming realm.  A hole that some games had only dreamed of filling but didn't have the fluff.  There has been an absolute absence of off-roading games that actually portray the idea of being OFF the road.  We've played the games in which the dirt roads may as well be a mall parking lot, sure you might see your tread marks left in the dirt but you would never really have any trouble traversing the trail.  When you start playing Spintires you will find within minutes that you are far from that well kept highway or state road and become very skillful at planning your route to always be within range of a sturdy tree to winch yourself out WHEN you get stuck.  Each time you drive the same road your own tires dig the ruts deeper to make it more difficult the next time you pass.If you're looking for a racing game, this is not for you.If you're looking for a game with a in-depth story line, this is not for you.Currently the overall game play in game is rather short but they are planning to add more maps and more content in the future.The camera is a bit crazy at first but I don't necessarily think it's a bad feature. I think it's a great to be able to quickly look from were you're going to looking at your vehicle's wheels sheer through the mud because they've done an excellent job with the mud detail.  Add one or two fixed camera modes and leave the current one as a preference."
,Recommended,263280,11132773,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Snaggletooth,"I like the game, but feels rather unfinished.Also I really hate the fact that if you want to switch to another vehicle it has to be nearby, so you need to constantly swicth vehicles, just incase you get stuck! this needs to be got rid of! allow me to switch to any unlocked vehicle at anytime please!other than that, it is really a challenging game, first time out, I got stuck in less than 5 minutes, some of the controls are not exactly clear, but this is a minor gripe.It is a game that is very difficult to master, and will be frustrating, but it is rewarding when you manage to actually get to your destination, although it would be nicer if the 'reward' was a little better than just picking up and delivering logs"
76561197974518716,Recommended,263280,12305979,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Fritz X,If you like mudding and / or Russian trucks this one is for you... If you want to know how the German army fared in Russia in the 2nd WW... GET THIS GAME.
76561197991827580,Recommended,263280,12252886,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,JellyFists,"Sweet game, love the detail thats been put into everything.Give me a bull Dozer or grader so i can maintain my road and make rain a factor so your roads do get wet and need to be maintained..8/10"
76561198072125742,Recommended,263280,12233298,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,sam.verrall,great game  but needs better view like cockpit view and rocks not to jump up mor upgraiding like hight and tire presure and more cars and need to make it so u can use the winch when roalled or enigen is off but other than that it is a great game must get
,Recommended,263280,12226527,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,[CrG] Razzle Dazzle,Great game to kill time and play with others or by your self.
76561198151809240,Recommended,263280,12228834,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,ConwayTwatty,Can anyone tell me how to get more vehicles?
,Recommended,263280,11269608,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Mikebau5,great offroading experience!!
,Recommended,263280,11270259,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,SpackJarrow,Very innovative. The terrain dynamics are insane. Multiplayer is smart too! 9/10 As the camera was a little funky when I wrote this (being finicky).
,Recommended,263280,11079303,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Killgannon,"Slightly Buggy, but damn addicting. Would be great with a friend."
76561198057497717,Recommended,263280,11271111,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,TLove92,"Best off roading game, I ever played."
,Recommended,263280,11271999,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Shaine Plays,lots of fun
,Recommended,263280,11272212,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,SATTY,Good game
76561197971017608,Recommended,263280,11605272,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,-xᴎʏ⅃-,Games good but you shouldnt have to go online to download mods there should be a workshop for this game
76561198189032749,Recommended,263280,15641219,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,grimreeper,this is the best game i have although i dont have any other gamesand ido recomend this game to people other 5 years old
,Recommended,263280,14057826,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,PurifyHD-Old,"I have just started out on this game and I have to say that I love it. The graphics and physics makes me feel like I am driving those trucks in real life!But with every game, there are a few downfalls: There is a need for some more cars and maps. Along with that, the cameras do need some improvement.Other than that, I would highly recommend that you buy this game as soon as possible!"
76561198150266620,Recommended,263280,14060171,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,logancook5810,when i try to pay it says failed to launch plzz help
76561198202573696,Recommended,263280,14060248,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,sandmannas,"Very Impressed with this game! This is the best off road game ever, the free roam maps are amazing. The only thing missing from it is wild life. I am just impressed with the mechanics of the world that these guys have put together in this title. Bravo."
76561197999153820,Recommended,263280,14063839,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,PoTzy,"Absolutely love it, the phsyics are a joy to watch and the maps are challenging."
76561198151348068,Recommended,263280,14067774,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Nuttyste22™,sorry to be a pain in the but I have the game and i cannot get the mouse pointer up so i cannot play it .thanks .
,Recommended,263280,14069139,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,AND,Great graphics and very fun!
76561198078974464,Recommended,263280,14069469,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,joeybigspy,this game is so great if you have any kind of racing wheel it feels so amazinf with my g27 because it has the clutch and H-pattern shifter
76561198150381869,Recommended,263280,14048258,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,peter69worner,of road n♥♥♥♥♥♥fun team work timeness
76561198173990529,Recommended,263280,14052874,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,rookie31st,"Spintires is without doubt the best offroad driving game on the market since Cabela's Off Road Adventure. It was conceived in Russia like another relatively recent off-road game UAZ 4x4 (never published internationally as far as I know). However, UAZ 4x4 was about racing to the prejudice of realism, so I lost interest to it fairly quickly and had no desire to complete campaign. Spintires is different because it is all about real off-road challenges. It is mostly slow and often boring driving with rewarding sense of achievement at the end of your trip.Spintires is definitely a niche game far from mainstream. It is not about speed and reflexes. It is about knowledge and experience. It is about accurate planning and careful execution. It is an open-world game, so you can find your own way to complete objectives. During my first try, I lost both available trucks - one was stuck and damaged in deep water, another ran out of fuel - so I was forced to explore the world using remaining operational Type-A 469 and was able to locate and unlock two new trucks which saved my day. Joyful moments.In general, for any unknown map it is advisable to explore entire area and remove cloaking before making decision about your way to complete objective. Removing cloaking also reveals locked vehicles on the map, so it is easier to locate them. Use entire fleet of vehicles with many suitable attachments and trailers to ensure successful and timely fulfillment of the objectives. If your planned route from lumber to objective is far from garages and fuel stations, make sure to position other trucks alongs the route to provide repair points and fuel if needed.Although multiplayer is not as good as it could be, it offers a sense of collaboration with other drivers when they actually feel like collaborating and working together. Playing with your friends, knowing what you are going to do and doing it together by supporting each other is a great way to play this game. Personally, I think multiplayer would be much more interesting if players had to share trucks available on the map rather than having all trucks available to every player like doing single player mode simultaneously.Another great thing about this game is that the developers keep updating and improving it. It is already the greatest off-road simulator, and it is going to be even better."
,Recommended,263280,14053153,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Zenbeno,"Great game, really takes alot of skill."
,Recommended,263280,13778948,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,BurntCarcus,"Great game, Awesome graphics for such a small download. Not fast paced but thats the hole point. Will get many hours enjoyment from this. Get it!"
,Recommended,263280,14264609,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Little Wolf,Great damn game.  I never expected this game to be as good as it is!
76561198206314236,Not Recommended,263280,14271139,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mimbach,bad game want refund
76561198126024340,Recommended,263280,13874125,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,djmwell,good game ecept that it keeps deleting my save games so i half to start all over but other then that its a preaty good game.
76561198145228298,Recommended,263280,14374038,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,AKLegoBoy,This game is fun but if you are playing on a lower quality computer it gets to be a bit boring but still a very fun game other wise.
,Recommended,263280,14374080,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,GreyGoldFish,"Well... this game is unexpectedly fun! For a walking simulator, I mean.I love listening to podcasts while I roam around the maps, trying to not getting stuck or falling off a cliff."
,Recommended,263280,14376730,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,EvanTrow,great
,Recommended,263280,14377883,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Tim,"I really love the mechanics of this game, not to mention that its absolutely beautifull. The community made content makes it even more fun, as there are tons of great mods around."
,Not Recommended,263280,16608420,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cataclysmic Beefstick,"If you watch the movie and think you'd enjoy driving trucks through mud, flipping them over, winching them out, and attempting to haul loads over trees, through rivers, and so on, then you'd probably enjoy this game. But it is not a fast-paced game, nor are there a lot of thrills besides the slow, brutal environmental challenges the game presents. The camera  controls are a bit lacking; there is no cockpit view, and the roof cam is so bumpy it made me nauseous. The interface is functional but a little lacking in the aesthetics department. You definitely want to play with a force feedback wheel so you can feel those ruts."
76561197992953510,Recommended,263280,18466396,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,[FIN]JohnnyBDead,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEWThis is more like my personal overview of the game. I'm not gonna talk much about the technical aspects. More about the overall feeling of the game and it's current features.Now that the devs have lighten the future a little bit and confirmed the continued development of the game after 6 months of silence, I really can recommend this game. Almost lost all the hope for the future and felt sad for the wasted game engine never seen before. A huge relief that devs have come back to introduce a new big patch anytime now.So, to the actual game and gameplay:I was overwhelmed first time when I saw this game. Game physics and the mud crawling in dense Soviet forest scenery. Not the game I knew I had been wanting forever, but when I tried it, then I realized that this is something I've really been after for a long time.Game is best enjoyed with couple of friends working your way through the objectives and having a combined convoy of fuel trucks, log trucks and utility trucks. There really is multiple ways to enjoy this. Some might love just testing their skills and truck limits on the most deepest mud, others like to co-op their way to victory.Co-op aspect is really something what makes every player and their style to play count. Winching your friend when he is all around stuck in mud, truck upside down and engine stalled. Especially in Hardcore -mode where rescuing yourself back to garage is not possible. Last game we played with 2 friends of mine lasted 3h30min. We finished one map and had a lot of great moments, like always. Especially when one of the friends dropped out before finishing the map. He had the fuel truck close by the objective and me and my other friend were running out of fuel with our two truck convoy to deliver the last log load to the mill. With the friend gone with his fuel truck, it took me and my other friend more time to finish the objective. Had to leave the convoy there, to get another fuel truck all the way from the otherside of the map to fuel us up and finish the whole thing.There's much of variation each time you play, depending all the choices you make. Which truck you want to go first with, with which addons? Should you unlock the garages on the map first or uncloak the map? Which way should we take this time? Would the other be easier or shorter? If you take that truck, which one I should take to make this most effective?So many questions which you don't need to answer right away. Just go and try out!With the Workshop support around the corner, there is really no reason not to get this game. Currently it already has lot's of things to do and I've seen some Steam users hitting the 1000hrs of gameplay milestone with this game.I am really waiting for the next update, which will surely bring a ton of more fun in the game.For the end, here's a personal Pro's and Con's (Con's being more like currently missing features, which likely will be changed in the future updates):+ Game engine and it's physics.+ Gameplay: it really feels like driving a big truck on a 1-2m deep mud.+ Graphics. Maybe not the most stunning, but the atmosphere it is able to create on this game is so great!+ Co-op: Definitely the greatest aspects of the game!+ The oncoming Workshop support for community truck and map mods!- Current game modes: Only objective currently is hauling logs from point A to B. Don't get me wrong, there really is a lot to play for with the current maps.- Some gameplay elements, like rocks and small tree twitches, are sometimes way too annoying. Your truck will get stuck on those little things. Though I think devs know about this issue and it will be fixed.There might be lot more to say, what is wrong about the game. But so far, nothing major has popped up for me which would be worth of mentioning, or which is not related to the early stage of the development. I'm just ignoring most of the things which I know will be updated later on."
,Not Recommended,263280,10820949,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,noodles,"Well, the time has come to change my review to ""unrecommended"". This game was great when it came out. Good enough to justify the steep cost for game with so little content. But the development team abandoned the game, and every time they come back to make a patch they screw it up worse. Some of the recent ""updates"" (recent meaning within the past YEAR) have added some of the worst ""features"" I've ever seen in any game. I'm surprised these people even know how to code, because I don't think most of them have any game development experience. At this point I regret even purchasing the game. I wish my money went to a developer who deserved it."
,Recommended,263280,18465332,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Squash Banana,Dirt Dirt Drit and much more Dirt :DLove this gameGet it
76561198017271804,Recommended,263280,18359667,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Austin357,"for me, the gameplay experience is one in a million, epic playing with friends"
,Recommended,263280,18365952,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,FamousWolf,"One of my favourite games of all time, and it gets better with each update."
76561198082211046,Recommended,263280,18392093,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,LittleLordViper,its a fun real life offroad game
,Recommended,263280,18394992,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,R3dM4n23,Very Nice Time Killer.
76561198152256573,Recommended,263280,18404179,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,CHUR,anyone wanna play spin tires?
,Recommended,263280,18421935,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Pineapple,I have had this game for a while and i have4 loved it until tonight when it randomly crashed and will not open anymore. PLEASE FIX THIS!
76561198169397925,Recommended,263280,30561902,Posted: 16 March,all,AgentN3xt,good game
,Recommended,263280,18390657,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Doctor Diesel,"Very simple objective, beautiful graphics, awesome physics, best CO-OP simulation same, but yet challenging. Love this game and looking forward to see more updates and workshop enable as well as map editor."
76561198180676823,Not Recommended,263280,18389880,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,PROSYNC,it starts i move my car 1 ft then it crashes no matter what i do it crashes
76561198124893308,Recommended,263280,18438117,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,GreasyPowerRanger,great game
,Recommended,263280,18413766,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,[?] Parousia ネメシス,"Probably the most annoying, fun, irritating, nervewrecking game I've ever played."
76561198160451047,Not Recommended,263280,18410416,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,paul30093,been a year since release and nothing hasn't changed no mods nothing however the game is good but not worth 20 pounds  for what it is now ......
76561198252917274,Recommended,263280,18344627,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,njc1192,my game keeps crashing please help
76561198188891539,Recommended,263280,18310862,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,finnbharwylie10,great for people who like offroading and great mods
76561198183164782,Recommended,263280,19424441,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ToyotaKid95,Great game! You must buy!
76561198019815994,Recommended,263280,19444483,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ken87,"Fantastic game did'nt expect to much but, got a lot well worth the money ."
76561198216198672,Recommended,263280,19461372,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,BloodyBeast,Buy the really pays off. 100% outroad maps and super cool vehicles. But in handy would be a tracked vehicle.
76561198256946121,Recommended,263280,19491901,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,THEHUNTER778,highly detailed game
76561197994062754,Recommended,263280,19494253,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,soulreap,"I have spent soo many hours battleing through the bush in this game driving all sorts of vehicles, some modded some standard, the new mods function with the steam workshop is the best thing so far to be added to the game, the next big thing i think would make this even better then it already is, is custom maps in workshop, and there realy needs to be some more camera options and view points, but untill then you just have to get used to the current camera system, if you like four wheel driving in real life, or just like to play thease games, this is the game for you, in my time way back i used to play the original Insane 4x4 game, i consider this is replacement !id give this game a 8/10 so far, but i would boost that up to a 9/10 if custom maps where added to steam workshop so we can play them in multiplayer !"
,Recommended,263280,30620815,Posted: 19 March,all,on!,oispa kebabbia
76561198001443770,Recommended,263280,13951040,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,unit719,"It's goooooood with friends. And so much potential STILL, to get even better?! Ah go get the thing and get it dirty, then wash it in a river, then call your friend..."
,Recommended,263280,19507351,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Nugey,"I have spent hours driving around and getting trucks stuck and unstuck! This game is amazingly enjoyable, although some new trucks would be nice! 9/10"
76561198155423910,Recommended,263280,19271484,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,slayer0001,best offroad sim ever. plz get this game you won't be let down
,Recommended,263280,19464395,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,SkullDog15 Gaming,Amazing Game Love The Graphics And The Mud Destruction I Also Love How Easy It Is To Put Mods Into The Game
76561198206336848,Recommended,263280,19468329,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,akrinock,LOVE IT
,Not Recommended,263280,16399898,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,drewthevander,"Great game with many issues. When my connection to steam cuts out occasionally, the game refuses to play."
,Recommended,263280,19739462,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Thompson,This game is fantastic! I want more. A vehicle editor would be amazing. The ability to swap engines and adjust suspension and gearing. Any way love the game.
76561198136533107,Recommended,263280,19699494,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,-=[TLG]=- GhostCell,If you like trucks and mud this is a no brainer. No other game gives you the same quality of rock climbing and mud bogging. Crazy amounts of mods. It's great :')
,Recommended,263280,11273404,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,sChen,"funny game and for sure a challenge :)just.. and here i agree with the other people, the camera view realy need update. cotrol is hard and a ego-driver view will be great :Da small tip.... for player :D use the diff lock only when you realy need it hehe if you want to drive a way more times :D sure with diff lock you are faster.. but the way will be more and more dameged :D and next time you got maybe problems to drive there :D"
76561198203787905,Recommended,263280,19591843,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,jimmycrackcorn1989,awsome
76561198144141533,Recommended,263280,19607922,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Focus369,"Fantasticaly realistic driving simulator, the only driving game that moving twenty yards can take three trucks, two hours and a whole lot of patience!"
76561198258067135,Recommended,263280,19626066,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,mistral3,i have one little problem can someone help i purhased this awesome game about 4 weeks ago and dont play it because its in 3d how do i change Help PLease !!!!???
76561198258063957,Recommended,263280,19594939,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,wookiestomp1,the best as long as they keep it up
76561198189407475,Recommended,263280,19594967,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,gabriel2emil4,hi my spin tires maps aint loading can i get some help
,Recommended,263280,11291907,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Jam,Splendid.
76561198119548113,Recommended,263280,11384278,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Houndzz,"This game is a really good offroading game there is only a couple things I would wish for with this game one of the things would be 1st person view I hate the sideways view they start you out with. Another thing is if you get this game which you should the mud mounds up on the tires thats not realistic. But anyways those are the bad things about this game but there are so many oppertunties for this game to be in the future in my oppinion. This is an amazing game I had this game but the tech demo before steam had it on greenlight which in my opinion was better because you could mod that game so much with maps and other vechicals but this is a amazing game to play I would love to own this game if I didn't have it. You yes I am talking about you the one reading this message get this game if you like offroading, trucking, and mud get this game you will love it. Thanks for reading this review."
76561198094346005,Recommended,263280,11439192,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,new acc ANotSoHappyBear,very fun and game highly recommend it
,Recommended,263280,11446113,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,caolten,"Spintires overall is a really fun game but, there are a few annoying bugs in the game. So basically, in this game you drive various Russian trucks and you deliver wood and unlock garages. I think there are 5 maps. From experience I think the Plains in the easiest, but I am not sure which map is the hardest yet.Now I am going to talk about a bug that can be annoying but it is funny. The first bug is in multiplayer. Sometimes when your getting winched the trucks will sort of fly, this can be annoying but its funny. Some people say this is the tech demo with ""game"" sprinkled on top and yes not too much has changed from the tech demo but more was definetly added.Overall Spintires is and great game. With some bug fixes it will be more enjoyable.Rating: 8.5/10Thank You"
76561198048856324,Recommended,263280,11447308,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,IceCity,Good game for a challenge. Camera angles makes me wanna punch my monitor  but you get used to it after a while.9/10
76561198080690631,Recommended,263280,11450948,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Herra Jortikka,"Awesome game, Good fun and cool trucks."
76561198121733625,Recommended,263280,11011679,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,vincent.johnston1998,"One of the best offroading games ever ! no questions asked, if you like offroading and simulation games you should deffinetly try this!"
76561197988988333,Recommended,263280,11012976,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,CS-KPA3,impressive physics and a wonderfully challenging experience :D
,Recommended,263280,11017177,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Granite Octopus,Loads of challenges! Pretty graphics! Mud! Log delivery! More mud! Rigid body physis! A crane! Mud and lakes and trees and rivers and birds and mud!You really can't ask for much more.
76561198014312699,Recommended,263280,11004746,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Saltamontes,"This game is amazing! wrrrraaaa!!! so awesome!go watch review or something, then buy it! :)"
,Recommended,263280,11006443,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,FluffyHamster,"I am very impressed with this game. The mud physics are top notch, the graphics are absolutely beautiful, and the environment is incredibly soothing. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys the outdoors experience of trail riding. This is the 4wheeling game I have been waiting for!"
,Recommended,263280,11010528,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,WiserUrchin,I love playing this game it is the greatest off-road game/simulation everI one thing i wish they would do is make it for mac  so I cn play with my friends that dont have window computers
,Recommended,263280,11057617,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,themugg,I love this freaking game. Wish it had some more camrea angles for when you in a really tight spot hard to figure out sometimes. Really fun add more vehicles and maps.
76561198030526654,Recommended,263280,11061894,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,mobius128,"Plain and simple, its fun and addicting. It has it's problems, but nothing that takes away from the core gameplay. I would reccomend this to anyone who wants a great off road sim."
76561198067352980,Recommended,263280,11063951,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Carlos3000,"I found to be more stable in windowed view, dunno why. Best off roading simulator game to date!"
76561197997740086,Recommended,263280,11043864,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,GLaDOS,"This game is great. the graphics are good, water and mud effects are good. most of the physics are good. trees can be knocked down. I just have a couple of complaints: the camera movements are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the intertia of the trucks, which should be rather high because they'd weigh quite a bit, isn't really transferred into the mud or water regions. you may not stop immedietly, or at all, but when you're going really fast and plow into the mud, the truck almost stops, even in the Maz. which should slog right through and not even notice it, because its an 8x8. And even the small little jeep like truck should not get stuck that easily. and it should drive over thin lilttle saplings like nothing, not get pushed up in the air by bumping into it. and one more thing, not all the acheivements activate even though i have done everything. thats an error they should fix. ive missed about 8 acheivments because of that."
,Recommended,263280,11044298,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,RCSabre,"Great game, a few fixes here and there and this game will be worth more than what they're selling it for!!!"
76561198014227166,Recommended,263280,11046735,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Face of Insanity,"SO MUCH FUN!seriously, Off roading sim like this is hilariously fun, my first try i managed to get round a track then slipped down a slope rolling and then exploded.Graphics are okay, though there are some texturing issues, but they are minor and only to do with the mud and tyres and such.controls are fine, but the view angles are big enough and the scroll back isn't great either, but since i have gotten into it you dont tend to sit in the one view point much anyways.with a 250mb downlod its not bad for those on a low down rate.sounds are okay, but you dont tend to listen to it much as i have music playing in the background (Black Betty - Spyder bait = AWESOME)Physics, well i have to say they are good, but i have found some wierd instaces were im on a 75 degree slope side ways and not rolling over, and other times were i hit a rock i do a front flip, other then that its not to bad.over all i have to give this a 8/10 just cause its a sim thats completely different and is guenuinly FUN!"
76561198089611196,Recommended,263280,11047378,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,spinner,"Challenging , absorbing and very addictive. The hours just fly by playing this game. If you have other stuff you really should be doing , don't buy Spintires !"
76561198078693738,Recommended,263280,11050165,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Krombopulos Michael,Its a great game with amazing graphics and its ot like all the other off roading games
,Recommended,263280,19730626,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,JamesMc,Great game.  Lots of fun.  A little limited in what you can do but there are still endless hours of enjoyment for the off-road enthusiast.  By far the best mud physics around.
76561198141140187,Recommended,263280,20097094,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,rjcavender2001,this game is really fun if your into offroading
76561198007334556,Recommended,263280,20154013,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Zothem,The sad thing is that the most hours played and enjoyed were in legacy build and with mod vehicles and most importantly mod maps. But what things i did! Think that it is impossible and know that it is were i was 1 year ago. Nothing is impossible!And you make your own goals. Leaving is for ♥♥♥♥♥'s. 24 hours in 1 map is nothing if it is a good map.Driving around in silly tiny 4x4's is like PvP in other games and for the fast and stupid. Doing something is like PvE and really enjoy and be a real trucker.Add maps and saves in multiplay and I forgive the past year abandoning me to legacy and mods.level bax6 latest is a briljant one btw. I want such maps multiplay without external tools and saves.
76561198271682893,Recommended,263280,20152513,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Spoder Man,very great game. Absoulutly recommed. but how do i get more frame rate because it drops alot?
76561198068719835,Recommended,263280,20152548,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,flyinshreds,best offroading game ever
76561197982803321,Recommended,263280,20041634,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Moose Thirteen,"This is pretty much the digital equivalent of playing with Tonka trucks in a big muddy sandbox.  It definitely gives the feel of driving big, heavy, dirty industrial Russian trucks through some remote Siberian forest.  Having to move lumber around and figure out the right truck and route to do it provides enough framework to give all the playing in the mud some actual purpose.   Great atmosphere.  There's nothing like scaring a bunch of birds out of the bushes with a blast of the air horn, and driving through these dark forests at night, I almost expect to see Bigfoot."
,Recommended,263280,20039514,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Havvok_gaming,best game ever
,Recommended,263280,17471282,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,kombamwiko,now they update.. good
76561198092748476,Recommended,263280,20112068,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,DUKEYBABY,fantastic game!
76561198040833675,Recommended,263280,20123446,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,organiz3dchaos,"It's a fun game, but missing many things. Multiplayer needs work and would be nice if there was more variety."
76561198076175041,Recommended,263280,20073061,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Akira005,"Physics is awesome, strategy is there because you cannot just dash in there without paying the price! Needs several hours to get the hang of it, especially the camera angles and how each trucks can be handle. Could've been a bit more intuitive but all the same, it shows that this game is not based on your every other game out there. 4**** :-)"
76561198273399689,Recommended,263280,20138468,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,pooperdooper2233,best game EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
76561198147546475,Recommended,263280,20138550,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Bubster329,LOVE THIS GAME! It is so fun because of the realistic mud phisics. The only downside is the lack of objective.
76561197970494440,Recommended,263280,20140187,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ras,Fun Game with pretty good Graphics the physics are amazing could use some polishing but overall a really fun game to play.
76561198116936975,Recommended,263280,20139028,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,grosstyl0,really fun to play with frindes really worth it
,Recommended,263280,17855710,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ClusterEngineer,updating to reflect current state ... mod support is here ... truck editor is here ... map editor almost. we may finally see this franchise live up to its potential.
,Recommended,263280,20137164,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Qtip,"Fantastic Game, would love some more maps.Once you start Ignore the objective, just go check out a quick guide on the community page(the games tutorial is pretty lacking) and Go get stuck!"
76561198071098825,Recommended,263280,20100999,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,theCollector™,"Just amazing game, few people enjoy this genre of game so unfertunately this game it's not that crowded wich I'd like but, the physics are just perfect (with a bit of unnoticable glitches but who doens't?!) anyway, havinng multiplayer, mods and now on steam workshop, even easier to have a nice gameplay. More official trucks could be added, maps are just awesome.10/10"
76561198075541914,Recommended,263280,20102587,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,c.j.g,good game i realy like it. its very realistic and chalenging and the graphics is good to. i do recomend this game to anyone that likes realistic simulation games. the only problem with the game that you carnt have in cab veiw only side or above veiw.What i would like to no haw do you deleat your save game to start again to like when you first buy this game??
76561198151491974,Recommended,263280,20098134,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Crum,"I bought this game for my younger nephew (age six) so he could drive great big dirty trucks around great big dirty forrests.  So far I've played it more than him becuase I can't get enough of trying to plough through fast flowing rivers in my big yellow Russian JCB, or rescuing myself after having tipped over in a stinking mud pit!  So far though we both love it.  Especially for the sale price of £8.99!  It took a couple of tutorials to get the hang of it but it's great!"
,Recommended,263280,13573867,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,xfusionmecha,I find this game very enjoyable. The way the game works is brilliant. I would reccomened this game but in the future it would be nice to have some new maps and trucks and maybe a couple of different game modes as this could make the gamer's experience far more enjoyable. 9/10
,Not Recommended,263280,13575814,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Alle090,"DONT BUY,Its agreat game but due to the developer being ripped off by Oovee I cannot recommend anyone to buy it untill The Developer is satisfied with his payment."
76561198069451862,Recommended,263280,13575918,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,maddDogg33,"This game is really fun, but this new update screwed up the title screen and makes the game crash"
76561198104518922,Recommended,263280,13591469,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ThePerfectBidoof,"The game is very well rounded, But the new update lags, and froze so i had to restart my computer. I think this needs to be fixed but my dad plays this game as well and he loves it we have so much fun playing it together."
,Recommended,263280,13592270,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,NJFarrant,The graphics and the realism is very good! Only played a few hours of gameplay so far but it's worth the purchase. A brilliant game if you just want to chill out and relax for a few hours. :-)
76561198089147539,Recommended,263280,13596318,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mac,"This game gives a contrast to the childrens film FernGully, where you instead see the perspective of the evil smog spirit that inhabits logging vehicles.10/10 laughed like Tim Curry the entire time"
76561198122503510,Not Recommended,263280,16854085,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,^1Kiyoshi ^7U.N.,so i get the game i start it up! and i dont even have a cursor on my screen so i litteraly can even start the bloody game.
,Recommended,263280,16863039,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Mr.Rothwell,"It's a game with a pretty limited mass appeal, certainly it's not everybodies idea of fun. I quite enjoy it from time to time, it gets frustrating occasionally which is all part of the fun.It runs superbly on my machine (i7, GTX970, 16gb RAM) occasionally it does have the feeling of a broken game, stretched menus, random freezes, multiplayer is about a reliable as British public transport.The realism in this game is epic though! I love how bridges deform under the weight of your truck and it sinks into the mud."
76561198020762844,Recommended,263280,15841385,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,stevem3bii,WHAT A GREAT GAME HOPE IT GETS MANY MAPS AND TRUCKS
76561198111681145,Recommended,263280,15846002,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,ABLukas,by far the best offroad game this year though be prepared to spend multiple hours completing maps
76561198182758787,Recommended,263280,15847841,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,LoneW01f121,"Yes, I would recommend to others. I found spintires to be very fun and have great graphics and physics which i give a lot of respect to the developers for clearly putting in a lot of effort into the making of spintires."
,Recommended,263280,16283753,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Mavrick,"This game is not ONE of the best offroading games it IS the BEST offroading simulator i have ever seen. Cool trucks, cool maps, best physics, amazing driving! I just would like there to be an update to ADD more COOL trucks. VERY great game, love it."
76561198162759574,Recommended,263280,16267064,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,chucky gamer,LIKE TO HUAL TREE'S THIS IS FOR U PLAY IN THE MUD WITH UR TRUCK IT IS FUN TO PLAY I LIKE IT .
76561198045101883,Recommended,263280,16267711,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,whitlockec,"game is awesome, but more cars would be awsome, more maps too, but cars are a must"
76561197990730366,Recommended,263280,16271024,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,phreakyphool,"The funnest offroading game I have ever played in my entire life. If it wasn't for this game, I would of never driven through my first creek."
,Recommended,263280,11428467,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,jeremy,this game is truley amazing !
76561198007696234,Recommended,263280,11437397,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Gray Wolf,Did I just spend 33 hours hauling lumber through the harsh Russian wilderness?  Yes I did.  Did I love every minute of it?  Yes I did.  Can I wait for DLC or new maps?  No I can't.  :)  Excellent game if you like off roading sims.
76561198097885181,Recommended,263280,11415860,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Beefboss,Awesome game can't wait for the next update
76561198047760847,Recommended,263280,11421546,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Interceptar,this is the best offroad simulator i have played. love exploring around finding out where i can go and more to the point where i shouldnt have gone.Biggest downside is the camera controls are Terrible... and i mean TERRIBLE. like worst camera in any game i have played.but it's easily enough looked past once you start playing in the mud
,Recommended,263280,11287733,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Rob,Drove. Mud. Stuck.Would do again!10/10
,Recommended,263280,11476098,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Nibbler,"Genius.This ain't no baja-truck off-road game.Have you ever driven into a stupid place and tried to keep going?Ever managed to extract yourself with crafty maneouvering?This is ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥"" driving.With burly work trucks.The pace of Spintires is slow.This is not bad. It adds to the intensity.The physics, is excellent. You can dig yourself in good.Yet I managed to extract myself after a ten minute ordeal and resume my mission.That's ten minutes of rocking the truck, steering  to gain advantage, getting out of the bumper-deep mud and putting on the hand-brake to assess the next move.Not for everybody."
76561197993632034,Recommended,263280,11479322,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Glendinho,"It's a very small game with limited gameplay, but it's fun and good good.The problems I have with it are that to unlock new sections of the map you have to get to what can only be described as a ""black hole"", which takes away the immersion. Also as yet it doesn't work with the Logitech G25, but other than that it's fine."
,Not Recommended,263280,11479451,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,EpicGamer101 YouTuber,"If you like laggy games, this is the game for you! I have many Steam Games shuch as: Euro Truck Sim 2, Team Fortress 2, Train Simulator 2014 and Unturned and those games DO NOT LAG! However this game does. :( Why did I waste my £20, when I could of bought a FREE NON-LAGGY GAME!"
76561198082685704,Recommended,263280,11469361,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,JamieDnB,this game is amazing
76561198145215841,Recommended,263280,11473698,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,freerunner0117,i cant use the left side of the my key bord when in game can eneyone hellp
76561198047900859,Recommended,263280,11455450,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Kartoon,"Love this game.It's as simple or as involved as you want to make it. Do the objectives short and sweet, or explore, plan ahead a recovery with different vehicles when you get stuck (and you will)..... Look forward to add ons and more maps. A sit back and enjoy game for an hour or all day...."
,Recommended,263280,11455648,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Poesilly Chickadee,"takes too long to get anywhere, i dont recommend it but ill definetly be playing it"
,Recommended,263280,11276284,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Zarmon17,This game is great but terrible camera control.
,Recommended,263280,11077371,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Stampede,"Buy it. Tons of fun, great multiplayer, if you get bored with objectives, just rip around in a jeep or play follow the leader."
76561198068075081,Recommended,263280,11077703,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Ho,Really really fun game. It's exactly what the name says you literally are most of the time spinning your tires in some whay.
,Recommended,263280,11078736,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,sirrat,"I wasn't at all sure about this one when I picked it up on a whim (even after trying the tech demo and being impressed with the technical achievement of what it was doing) at full price.  That said, I've enjoyed it very much (albeit in the more forgiving ""casual"" mode).  There is a real sense of accomplishment when I fnally manage to clear a map or deliver some lumber, usually after making innumerable mistakes along the way.  The physics may not be exactly realistic but they feel authentic and convincing.  There are advantages and disadvantages to most of the vehicles, and they perform very differently.  The only real frustration I had was initially with the control scheme (the controls aren't very intuitive and take a little getting used to, I am using a 360 controller) and with camera control.  It is a very cinematic camera but it's not always possible to get a complete picture of what's around you--which can be a real problem depending on what you're trying to do or trying to avoid running into).Anyway, overall I recommend it whole-heartedly and not just because I want you to play so I'll have someone to play multi-player with, although that doesn't hurt either.  It's a lot more fun than any game where you drive at single digit MPH for extended periods of time in order to pick up and deliver lumber has any right to be."
76561198118643124,Recommended,263280,10982811,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Gunrangejohn,great game cant wait for more stuff.
,Recommended,263280,10987397,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,SqwirlyQ,It's the game you never knew you needed in life but must have. Loads of fun in co-op. Still fun in single player.
,Recommended,263280,11079039,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Harshf0ol,awesome game if you enjoy an offroad experience. totally different then anything on the game market. the mud physics are great and its a challange to get things done.  fun through and through thumbs up for creativity
,Recommended,263280,11079594,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Officially2004inc,I Love this game! I GreenLight it and downloaded All of the Demos and now this game has a Story! Hell Yes!~  9.8/10.0 => Due to some Vehicle glitches and some other minnor problems but with those fixed! = 10.0/10.0!
76561198060158945,Recommended,263280,11080171,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Lord Baked Potato The Third,dragged a jeep through putins backyard 11/10
,Recommended,263280,11082280,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Autophagous,"It's a love/hate relationship. I really love this game but man sometimes it makes me rage. For those of you like me, who a challenging game, check this out. Beautiful scenery and very detailed trucks, all feels really organic and true to life (not that I've ever driven an 8 tonne truck through 4ft of mud). The way the mud, ground and water interacts with the truck is amazing, never seen anything like it in a game."
76561198142381542,Recommended,263280,10956148,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tronald Dump,The least productive way you can waste hours and hours.
,Recommended,263280,10961116,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TourettesPanda,"When playing this game in the tech demo, I was amazed at how the terrain was designed and affected the trucks.Now that the full release is out, I'm astounded at the leaps and bounds the developer has taken to make this game what it is today.It is genuinely hard, certain trucks get bogged very easily.Only complaint is the multiplayer sessions can not be saved, so if you have other things to do you lose all your progress.Other than that, perfect game. 9/10."
76561198045081963,Recommended,263280,10961156,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DBSfan,"SPINTIRES is one of the best driving games I have ever played, and that is saying a lot because it beats out some of that in Forza and Need for Speed. While not part of the same type of game, where Spintires is a offroad games and the latter are Racing games, I still consider it a driving game. That aside, even with my computer not having a dedicated graphics card, the game still runs at about 40 FPS on my computer at medium graphics, and the game still looks great. The best thing about this game, though, is the physics. Your truck can sink into the mud, get washed away by raging water, and the trucks do not weigh too much or feel like they have too much power. Also, the sounds just add to the game in such a good way, because it sounds as I actually am driving a truck through the backroads of eastern Europe. This is one of the best driving games I have played, and also one of the best games I have played ever."
76561198014461056,Recommended,263280,10938352,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,baconbobby1976,"This is an all round good game. Only floor i have is being multi player is a bit buggy. either games dont start or you have to restart game cause you cant back up to main menu when it locks up.Other than than i cant really fault the game. Can be a bit frustrating at times when you get so far then either loose you load, beak down or run out of fuel. I feel some of the paths are too small for the trucks. But still all good fun."
76561198118946840,Recommended,263280,10939622,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Subaru,The game looks nice and runs nice. I like it.
,Recommended,263280,11027661,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,CrispyCoconut1,"Really fun and challenging,Kinda only fun with friends! yes this is 1 to buy"
,Recommended,263280,11039917,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,The BretMan,"Painfully addictive. Especially for those of us that have lived rural enough to go 'muddin' before in the 'ol 4x4 (yes, driving through a field of mud with a capable truck is something that we did for fun). Unfortunately you are not able to 'rock it' loose (where you shift quickly from reverse-forward-reverse-forward until free) which when driving a large truck, as in game, would be impossible, so is forgiven. The game has a point, to transport logs from A to B. It leads to some interesting circumstances and very time consuming, but I just can't stop! Bring the crane! Love it, definitely worth the price."
76561197971036074,Recommended,263280,11039955,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,River Hunter,One of the best games ive tryed lately
76561198032336252,Recommended,263280,11041093,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Highover,Love this game... me and my friend played for 8 streight hours the night we got it... only complaint is the camera...
76561197972180492,Recommended,263280,11066725,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Michaelix,"If you like Offroad sim, buy it, its worth it."
,Recommended,263280,11067159,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Shootter87,"SpinTires is an absolute blast to play, even better experience working together to get unstuck in multiplayer! 10/10"
76561198125104539,Recommended,263280,11233993,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,MODIFIED M4D,awesome game
76561197991315762,Recommended,263280,11237569,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,[TGERH] Schollo_90,Nice game hope you will go on working on the game :)
,Recommended,263280,11341060,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Tokin' Joe,"Great game if you like getting stuck in the mud, and needing teamwork and/or perseverance to get moving again.Couple quick tips, in hardcore mode; Diff. Lock cannot be found on the automatic transmission, manual trans. only!And to Winch, you hit F, choose an anchor point on your truck FIRST, then a tree or fellow truck. Then pressing F will then Pull on the winch, and leaving ""Advanced"" mode will allow you to accelerate and Pull at the same time.If you stick with it, this game can be pretty fun. I give it a 4.4 of 5."
76561198130482749,Recommended,263280,11344780,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,THEdirtMAN88,Great game love the detail on how the vehicles react in the mud and terran!
76561198033289995,Recommended,263280,11347374,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,FalseWarGod,Just dumb fun. Like driving? Like gigantic vehicles in off road settings? Then Creative Wench Simulator (AKA Spintires) is for you!
76561198013521158,Recommended,263280,11321800,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,MrCavity,"1) The camera is supposed to be fancy and intelligent, but it ends up being the most frustrating part of the game. It makes it almost unplayable.2) The game is awesome! Many hours of fun mud driving and cool challenges.3) It looks great."
76561198039980710,Recommended,263280,11323562,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Snow89,cant wait for the dlc =] love the game great job but needs more maps
76561198071309618,Recommended,263280,10526213,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,dichebach,"This game will not be for ""everyone."" I can imagine impatient gamers who are accustomed to fast-paced, action packed games, or games that do not require much thinking or delicate in-game action being (at least initially) quite frustrated with Spintires. Even so, I suspect that, given some time and attention, perhaps even the most impatient ""twitch"" gamers might enjoy Spintires. It is a rather unique experience, and quite well-done for the purpose it seeks to fulfill.Spintires is a difficult game to get going with and not what I'd call an ""easy"" nor fast-paced game. But quite unique and fun. It is in fact, so unique, it is bound to have great promise for expansions and additions that add additional elements. For example, if this game were merged with an engine like Arma or Day Z . . . wow!Basically, there are maps which seem to generally represent different types of terrain in a sub-arctic region. I suspect it is intended to be far eastern Russia or Siberia, perhaps Finland. The vehicles seem to be Soviet era military trucks, though no weaponry. There doesn't seem to be any fighting or combat in the game, it is strictly focused on driving, navigating rough terrain, and logging.Good game.It took me about 2 hours to get a handle on the basics: using the camera, controls like posi-track and 4x, parking brake, the gear shift, judging terrain, using the mini-map, exploring and finding routes around maps that don't destroy my vehicles, using the garage to repair, refuel and augment vehicles.In total I've played 7 hours, mostly on the ""Plains"" map (there are I think 7 or 8 maps it comes with: Volcano, Coast, the Hill, Plains, are the ones I can think of but there are at least two more.I have managed to net three or four achievements: Explore Plains (Remove all of the 'Cloaks' from the Plains level); Sisyphus (Drive a Type C vehicle with the Parking Brake engaged for 300 meters and Diff Lock disengaged); Explorer (Remove all of the 'Cloaks' on any level with the Type A-469 vehicle); Diver (Drive through water so that your vehicle is fully submerged and then escape without the engine stallin).I have yet to finish any map by doing any logging and transporting the logs to a dropoff. I reckon that will take me another 7 hours. It plays kind've slow, and honestly it is a bit of a 'fiddly' game that an instant gratification gamer might find quite frustrating.The kinds of challenges you face: Okay, I want to get over there to my northeast to clear that cloaking. I can't go straight at it because there is a forest and a creek. I'll try curving around to the south (20 minutes of carefully, in low gear with posi-track and 4x on navigating around bumps and rocks, and mudholes and trees) . . . nope that didn't work, time to back up and try curving around to the north (10 min of retracing your steps . . . then another 20 min of ambling around to the north) . . . Okay, now I'm in that open area just to the east of the cloaking, but I still cannot see it. Looks like if I go a bit west from here I can maybe get on an old logging road that might veer right and go toward the cloaking . . . (15 min as you navigate across the field, and carefully get onto the road, averting the steep embankment and trees, then another 10 minutes as you follow the rutted road careful to straddle the mudspots where they are bad . . .) Ah! Now I can see the cloaking. But it is in the middle of a pond. How am I gonna get around to that . . . etc., etc.Probably not for all gaming tastes but a fun distraction if you have patience and enjoy driving on rough terrain. Based on my experience driving in rough terrain, it seems surprisingly naturalistic. It is of course a game, but as games go this might well be the most ""realistic"" off-road sim so far.The camera is probably the most frustrating thing and when you get into tight quarters with lots of humps and trees and youare trying to navigate past an obstruction, the trickiness of using the camera combined with its inherent limitations makes it a bit less than ideal fun.Using the manual and automatic transmission settings, using the winch, etc., all a bit awkward to figure out, but once you do they are quite useful and allow you to adapt to the terrain much better."
,Recommended,263280,11347563,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Kalakurki2,"This is a good game for those who like simulators and travelling games, but it is a little expensive."
,Recommended,263280,11349946,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,imTheFatMan,This Game is amazing with multiplayer with it you can do all kinds of things me and my friend did a race on the hill to see who could get the logs to the objective and a i won cause he tiped over it was fun so i recommend spending your hard earned 30$ on it its alot of fun
76561198001012655,Recommended,263280,11353968,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,DigitalKibbles,Fantastic game! Highly recommend! Just frustrating enough to keep you interested. Good multiplayer with no issues. Easy to set up a game and invite your friends.
76561198081223478,Recommended,263280,11204155,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,EnvyOne,"Pretty sweet game for sure, nothing like getting stuck in the mud. ha"
,Recommended,263280,11206647,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,SkRiGeR,"This is actually quite difficult game. I love playing it so far. You must like free roam type games and simulators. There is some odd quirks with the code that causes odd issues, for an example, In front of my garage at one point got torn up so much from traffic, it caused a ""rip"" in the world and any time I woul pass that specific spot it would cause major damage to the vehicle. The level the mud can get is odd in some areas. I've had a major mud hole that would cause the vehicle to keel over onto its' side and visually the ground looked stable for passage."
76561198014631083,Recommended,263280,11209232,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,blackout360,great game to play lots of time spent winching and just makes you want to do more and more to see how stuck you can really get cant wait to play more of this game the start really drove me crazy untill i got the bigger trucks but was well worth the many  hours spent getting to them
76561198015395785,Recommended,263280,11209386,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,BlackpowderBob,Realized my truck isn't a submarine within the first ten minutes. 11/10
,Recommended,263280,11187453,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,codymullen55,"If you love trucks, offroading, and strategy, then this game is for you! Makes my work days fly by so much faster now!"
76561197990855491,Recommended,263280,11189752,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Kurraak,"Pretty nice game, it feels like you're actually driving these beasts, alot of fun!Only 3 things I'd love to see1-More activities (Not just logging)2-A (somehow... I dont know how exactly) camera that lets you see better.  (this one is not that big of a deal to me)3-Steam workshop :)"
76561198035031944,Recommended,263280,11149917,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Lasse Kongo,Very fun game with very fine graphics !! :)
76561198043137748,Recommended,263280,11152717,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,[AAA]Plathapie,Very Very Fun!!! Little bit of a learning curve though...
76561198066366639,Recommended,263280,11152823,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Space Monkey,"This Game is very good! I would recommend this game for any Off-Road Simulation fanatic. I havent put that much hours in this game, but it feels amazing. Its like your a tree trunk (since the main mission on the game is to deliver lumber) and as soon as you get chopped down (which would be start playing the game) you get grabbed by a crane and loaded on a truck ( you get addicted to the game right from the git-go). This game is very good at having you play it for quite a while. It not that game were you play it for 10 hours straight, unless you explore every map. Its one of those games were you play for 1-4 hours, take a little break, or play another game for 30 minutes or more, and in your head you start thinking about Spintires and the more you think, the more you want to play it.Then there multiplayer. When i would play this game in beta, i never imagined that this game would be AMAZING with it! Multilplayer is so fun, you can either go your seperate ways and hope for the best for both you and your friends (or strangers), or stick together and help eachother out. It is so easy to find a game filled with players! I opened up a server once for me and my Brother and as soon as i opened it, it was full with my bro, 2 strangers, and me in like 2 seconds! So you dont need to worry about Multiplayer being dead, because its not.Game Mechanics are very well done. I love the new winch they added, it can come in very handy when you get stuck, but if your experinced enough yet you might flip your vehicle over! The mud Deformation is beautiful as always. I dont really think you can get progress done in singleplayer because you have to load the lumber in the truck and so one. You can still have a blast though, exploring the whole terrain is fun.The only problems so far are-*Camera angle is a pain in the butt*no steering wheel optionBut the devs do plan on fixing it.Over all i definitely recommend this game!10/10"
76561197964226402,Recommended,263280,11154663,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Stig,Great fun but fast done!
,Recommended,263280,11155465,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Tyler Veloucci,Best game I have ever played! I rate this 11/10 Garry's.
,Recommended,263280,11156888,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,MdGeist 01,For the first time ever getting stuck is fun!
,Recommended,263280,11157544,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,MrQ,"As an avid off-roader I found the game to be challenging, but easily bogged down in physics and gameplay. The challenges are pointless.Pros:Real mud, changing terrain, tough situtations to get out of, real world physics, and decent graphics. I do like the control of the lockers and 4WD. The winch is cool too.Cons:Pointless gameplay. All the add-ons and customizations are given to you off the bat. You just have to find the vehicles on the map to use them. Hauling logs is great, but what's the reward? Map is tricky and not revealed completely. As no roads are marked, you have to guess where you need to go and try to get there without getting stuck. Interface needs a lot of help. Camera control gets tricky, especially when winching. Damage seems arbitrary, hitting one tree is 2 dmg while another at the same speed is 50 dmg?Possible Improvements:Better GUIController SupportGoals and ChallengesMore vehicles and customizationsAbility to select low-range and high range in 4WD modeBetter damage management and specific damage (bent a-arm, busted shock, etc)Engine Temp (Overheating when hauling or spinning tires?)Tire wear/Tire pressureIf you are going to make it an off-road sim, then go all the way."
76561198027408342,Recommended,263280,11158577,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,manowar,great game.
,Recommended,263280,11158854,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,ReV0,cant wait for mod support
76561197966279744,Recommended,263280,11159557,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,lorax108,I call this game Keanea point simulator during winter!!! awesome game! best driving sim out there!!!!
76561198000402607,Recommended,263280,11159792,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,TheAcu,"Spintires is a game about Patience and Thinking Ahead;Where Carefull driving is the key to success against theruthless environment and the ever changing terrain under your tires...NOTE:If you are specting a Fast Peaced Driving arcade, this game may not be for you.BUT...If you want to test it out before purchase, you can download the freeTECH DEMO from their Official site (96.8MB), just to get an idea of how it is,and how does it run on your system specs.Overall a Great game, and even better if you have a buddy to play withand have fun for many hours.PROS:-Graphics are awesome, and very well optimized.-Physics are superb, the terrain/water deformations looks amazing and challenging,and the vehicles behave realisticly.-Vehicles are very detailed, and varied.-Maps are the right size and the terrain is very challeging.-""Tha Winch"".-multiplayer with a buddy is a blast to play.CONS:-Camera is way to complex to handle, and it CANT zoom out too much,where it would be usefull. (Devs are working on this)-No Cockpit View. (Devs are working on this)-Game only Objective is just to carry logs. (Devs are working on this apparently)-No Multiplayer save.SUGGESTIONS:-Camera: It has too many movements per mouse axis (very messy),MORE ZOOM OUT, MORE VERTICAL ANGLE RANGE.-Crane Camera: fix it! it has life on its own, and its not fun.-Internal Detailed Cockpits.-CB RADIO as Main Multiplayer Coms system (and its respective in-cockpit usable model).-radio, to play a music playlist (and its respective in-cockpit usable model).-Cockpit flashlight, to light the exterior at night while panning the view from within the vehicle.-Weather (rain and storms please).-Snow.-Cockpit view usable-clickable Switches, gauges, BCradio, Cam-flashlight-More Winch nodes per vehicle, and a winch release hotkey.-More objectives and cargo types.-PRIPYAT AND CHERNOBYL MAPS!-Group price discount bundle please!CHEERS!"
76561198001623900,Recommended,263280,11159863,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Not From Canada,"It's a fun game if you want to drive, but I would love to see it updated and expanded a little. Currently, the objective is to get to a logging site, get logs, then deliver. More maps would be nice, but there's a lot of community suppost available for this right through Spintire's website, or a couple of mod databases. Already changed out a couple of trucks to make it more intersting. Needs a little more content to be long-term fun, but it's one of those titles I may revisit from time to time when I want to get stuck in the mud.Graphically, it's beautiful. Better than I expected, but not perfect. Overall, I enjoy it, but wouldn't consider it to be a long-term playable game as of yet."
,Recommended,263280,11162784,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Greuceanu,Best off-roader!
76561198073372220,Recommended,263280,11164061,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,ParadoX|Firepro,"I did not know what to expect buying this game. But after playing it, I can easily recomend it. With realistic yet still fun gameplay elements, great visuals and a compelling task system this is a great game. The developers should keep up the great work, hopefully adding ultra-realistc Nvidia Physx compatible mud in the future :)"
,Not Recommended,263280,12130724,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Hopper,"Game itself is amazing and worth the money, HOWEVER the devs have given up on the game, they don't update and it's pretty much dead, go buy something alive."
76561198022230345,Recommended,263280,12131820,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,PhantomWolf,"I bought this because I couldn't believe it was a game.  I have no interest in offroading in real life and had to wonder who would want to drive old trucks through the woods in a video game. (Aside from Hank Hill) At first I found it frustrating.  The ground is soft as baby♥♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere.  The actual objective is to deliver wood to different locals over the map and as you explore you find cooler trucks and tools to assist.  I found myself having fun and feeling a sense of accomplisment after crossing a particlarly dangerous river.  After awhile I started pretending I was Hank Hill.  This game gets two thumbs up for originality and mastering what it sets out to do.  Though it's goals were arguably less lofty than other games.  The point is, the trucks are cool, the world is beautiful, and the gameplay is entertaining."
,Recommended,263280,12134216,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Adolf Hitler,Its a good game for a semi-new game. and if you like mudding/offroading but you cant... this is your game.
76561198079103851,Recommended,263280,11219990,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,sights2012,"I love the entire game! However the lack of variety of things made me stop playing. An example would be maybe customization. I kow its been posted before but im sure a lot of people dont want to or are incapabe of modding. Another would be the saving kind of sucks. It would also be cool to have maps/ vehicles made for FUN. not just hauling. A quad, or maybe even a dirtbike would be outstanding."
,Recommended,263280,11223922,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,->FFF<- Baggi3s,"Not my normal choice of game but glad i tried it, Physics of the game are brilliant. Graphics & Sounds are life like....Well worth the buy"
,Recommended,263280,11210910,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,hawkeyeshx,Great teamwork game and great terrain deformation
76561197981519436,Recommended,263280,11213021,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,thejamesjames,"Somehow driving awful trucks on even worse roads becomes an enjoyable experience with this game. Make sure to stay close to winchable things though, getting stuck in the middle of a field is not a good time"
,Recommended,263280,11215497,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,DakarRider,give us a cocpit view badly!!
,Recommended,263280,11215771,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Hot Hands m8{Z},a good game but they should add a cockpit veiw you really cant see crap with the veiw they give other then that its good all around game to play
76561198078986768,Recommended,263280,10999122,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,emrezoo,"This game is awesome!Great physics engine, beautiful environment, real trucks, hard missions!Keeps me playing hours.If i would have a chance to improve this game, i would add a free camera option to see the truck from distance and drive like that.Congratulations to developers, well done!"
76561197977059333,Recommended,263280,10999834,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,PizzaCuh.tv,"it's a cool game, even if you aren't a dumb redneck that likes getting his truck dirty."
,Recommended,263280,11000914,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Icecold,"I love the physics in this game, the multiplayer is fun with friends, randoms tend to leave half way through which is a pain"
,Recommended,263280,11002631,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Andrew! ツ,Love it
,Recommended,263280,11051613,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,bowbow3210,best game ever
,Recommended,263280,11052158,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Reuski,Truck got stuck.
,Recommended,263280,11052355,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,stabzmcgee,"Got stuck in the mud for 5 hours. Dumped my load into the water and submurged my engine, probably drowning my driver. Most fun I have had in a while. Only thing I think needs some work is the help menus and a tutorial would be nice. That and the camera can be a ♥♥♥♥♥ to work with. Overal- I would give it an 89/100"
76561198112981059,Recommended,263280,11019256,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,choglit,"this is how you make a great little game, well done chaps"
76561197990539383,Recommended,263280,11019436,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Drew,I basically hate everything and I find SPINTIRES to be extremely enjoyable.
76561197992950700,Recommended,263280,11019985,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,tequilabato,am a mudmen some times i feel dirty my tires am a pigg driver lol .... buy this game you gonna love it .. tell your womans ..
,Recommended,263280,11022571,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,JUST_BE_FLYNN,"I never expected delivering lumber at 25 mph through some mud could ever be as fun as it is! Excellent physics, challenging objectives, and gorgeous visuals make this game a must own for any sim driving fan. Think of it like Euro Truck in the mud and have a blast."
76561197996950776,Recommended,263280,11023999,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,baby jesus,"This game is an absolute blast. I have had some serious side splitting laughs playing this game with a buddy.Very well made game for being early access. I am very excited to see what the future holds for this title.Pros: Amazing physics, Ground deformation, Super fun multiplayer, Good size mapsCons: Needs more objectives, Camera angles can be difficult to work with at times, Maps need more diversity.9/10"
,Recommended,263280,11025086,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Boxing_rex,"Everything in this game is amazing apart from one thing... The camera. It is alsmost enough to prevent me from recommening it to others. To make the game better a new camera needs to be implemented including different views (Cocpit, thirdperson, smooth follow.. etc)"
,Recommended,263280,11108802,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Caboose,Best played with C.W. McCall's Convoy.
76561198052892009,Recommended,263280,11924094,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,JimPrower,"This is a different game for a different kind of gamer. It's one focused on making sure you plan carefully and don't make mistakes rather than setting the fastest time. Getting stuck and losing loads, tipping over, having to deal with vehicles less than adequate at the job when you're starting, going into the wrong mud pit...it's all a part of the game, and it never feels unfair or forced like some...other *coughneedforspeedgridautosport* driving games. You screw up and it's your own damn fault. The graphics are well-rendered and at times stunning when it comes to visual effects and terrain deformation.Still, it needs a bit more polish, especially in the UI department. it's a mess, the camera's wonky, and it feels unfinished in this part of the game. more, different kinds of loads would be appreciated as well as more usefulness when it comes to the largest truck in the game. The saving system needs an overhaul as well, particularly for multiplayer.Still, this remains the best simulation of off-road, deep mud driving there is, and will (literally) provide hours of challenge for even the most seasoned sim driver. If you want something different, this is one that won't disappoint in that regard."
,Recommended,263280,11879344,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Staggy_1988,"Awesome game worth the money, can be abit anoying at first with the camera angles but if you simply position the camera where you want it then press the left mouse button for the cursor to show then the camera stays their.The mud in the game is realistic with getting sunk into it and trying to cross the river can sometimes lead in you being washed down streamAll i can say is its a must buy."
,Recommended,263280,11885270,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Whiney-0,Manliest game in the world only way for it to get manlier would be if the trucks had beards..First off-roading game i have ever played takes bit of learning till you get the hang of it.Physics engine of the game is terrific you can see suspension moving and the body of the truck flexing.And what comes to drving the trucks it's actually great fun and you get the sence of accomplishment when you pass trough muddy tracks or ford a river while carrying a load of lumber on your truck or tank of fuel.
76561198053264303,Recommended,263280,11537240,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,xami87,Awesome game! Co-op is good. More vehicles and maps would not be bad! :D
76561197979698800,Recommended,263280,11899552,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Hymera,"See beautiful landscapes,listen to the sound of nature anddrive like a maniac across country.Best offroad simulator 2014 10/10 points."
76561198021482048,Recommended,263280,11903588,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,forcemaster2000,"I absolutely love SPINTIRES! This game has amazing physics, and it's addicting to play, especially once you start trying to get all the achievements! The only two things I could complain about it are the camera and the kind of fundy user interface. Both these things aren't as bad once you get used to them, but I'm hoping the developers will fix them eventually with patches. I find it amazing how well it runs on my Dell laptop...I've even been recording some of my sessions with OBS, (open broadcaster software), and it still runs smoothly!"
,Recommended,263280,11857952,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,kloktek666,I loved it! No doubt that it is the only driving simulator that doesn't suck!
,Recommended,263280,11936188,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,OuchIDied,"Not really a steep learning curve in the traditional sense, but I typically don't make it to the lumber to pick up a load. Yesterday I played for about an hour and ended up having the incorrect attachments to pick up the short logs. The game with its terrain deformation is amazing, and a GTX 760 handles it easily."
76561198012477955,Recommended,263280,11938965,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,2medics 1cup,best gameplay for terrain hard physics to date
76561197992000180,Recommended,263280,11784363,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,-1PARA-McLuvin,"Only just started playing since i downloaded the Tech Demo and i'm glad i got it. I can't say i'veever had as much fun when i've got stuck in the mud in my own car as i do driving theseRussian beasts, looking to try some co-op when i get used to the winch system :)"
76561197971715334,Recommended,263280,11866112,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,minidaly,"Game physics good, and graphics.Damage to vehicles flat tyres etc is needed and better camera angles!!!!"
,Recommended,263280,11869823,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Frax,"It's a great off-road simulator with great physics. I had a lot of fun with it, and yes, I recommend it.BUT multiplayer mode needs a LOT of work. No saving in multiplayer, vehicle management is strange, you can't see lights, skid marks and smoke from the other players' vehicles... multiplayer is disappointing. I will update this review if and when the devs fix it.I can also benefit from a harder driving difficulty because it feels very easy... maybe a bit more control over the vehicle transmission and gear, or vehicle configuration. Maybe a garage with more vehicle tweaking settings would be nice.Still, I must recommend this game because I did have loads of fun with it. It's a game well done."
76561198144196440,Recommended,263280,11870188,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Shabadoo,good game but it needs more 4 wheel drives
,Recommended,263280,11853108,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Itsonlyjustagame,Although the game is still rough aroud the edges I hope to see some great improvements.  The camera angle takes some getting used too.
,Recommended,263280,11855167,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Disgruntled Fun,The purpose of the game? I am not really sure but do I care? NO! It's fun to take a truck full of logs and shove it through a swampy muddy mess to get to the other side of a lake. It's pretty realistic. Trucks get muddy and cleaned by water. You leave ruts in mud pits and you can winch your way out of a hole either with a near enough tree or truck. The controls are a little confusing but once you know them they become second nature. The only thing I don't like about the game is that the camera is a little funky. It does things that you don't want it to do at a crucial time which caused me to roll a truck being towed in a mud pit because the camera didn't want to look at the right angle. Over all I give it a 4.5 out of 5.
76561198111155416,Recommended,263280,11950168,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,dktaz91,fun game
76561198070874186,Recommended,263280,11950808,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,ThunderDash452,"Very good game for the price you pay. Graphics are great, very few glitches if any and they are not related to the actually driving and more so the mud as sometimes the model breaks and you can see  through to the base of the map.Also please fix the mod multiplayer and acheavment issue"
,Recommended,263280,11776979,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,cameron,URAL - 4320 best truck ever.
76561198064016791,Recommended,263280,11800671,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,The November Man,One of the best and most visually appealing simulation games out to date
76561198041641377,Recommended,263280,11803138,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,zdeixler,At first glance this game looke slow and booring but it presents a challange and is a fair amout of fun. 4/5 stars.
,Recommended,263280,16092549,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,josh_claws,"The simplest way to explain spintires is easy: Drive through mud the game.Might sound boring, but here's what makes the game great:-Mud deforms as you drive over it-Water is dynamic and damages your vehicle-You can get stuck in mud very easily-Your truck feels heavy-Good achievements-It's simple to just start and play (also with wheel)-The goals are hard, and achievable in different ways, you can either bring a lot of small loads, or one big one.-You can winch over trees-You can winch other vehicles-MultiplayerGenerally a great game to just drive around in, or complete objectives.I'd  recommend this game to everyone for at least a try, but I'm sure almost everyone will enjoy this game, because if you ♥♥♥♥ it up, the game is as harsh on you in the same way you are good at the game, because if you tip over at the beginning, you just rescue your truck and start over. But if you tip over near the finish, you also just rescue your vehicle and start over.So just go get this game, i't worth every cent."
,Recommended,263280,15627030,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,webbimato,At the  same time THE most suckiest game there is and the ultimate off road experience you can achieve without getting in to a real 4x4 and getting in to a mudhole.With mods it gets even more frustrating and rewarding.
76561198170870165,Not Recommended,263280,15207830,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DeathDream3,i bought this game about an hour ago and i hate it because it doesnt run fast at all. it is very laggy and i wish i could get a refund because i dont want to waste 30 dollars on a game that i will never play again.
76561198148084544,Recommended,263280,15457158,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ISLANDGAMING 25,this is one of the best off roading sims on the planet with good grafics and acurate simulation
,Recommended,263280,13117095,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Lady Harbinger,"It's a really fun driving simulator that combines the fun of driving and the fun of large trucks with the mix of planning, careful approaches and control of off road driving while attempting to explore the map and deliver various items to the objectives.Anyone who likes driving simulators might like it, and anyone who likes trucks and/or has driven off road or surplus type trucks should love it and can immediately visualize all the creaks and rattles these things have. The game is great co-op, you and a friend can explore these fantastic maps and mess around with an off road sandbox. Sure, it's not like the usual driving games with a dozen different cab over trucks that are hard to visually tell apart or fast cars on roads, these are big trucks made of steel with winches, possible wood paneled beds, many with more than four tires, all wheel drive and locking diffs. These things are old, slow brutes with usually massive wheels and horrible turning circles. There is no carbon fiber or aluminum here and no racing lines or three digit top speeds. Despite that, for anyone who likes vehicles the game delivers this immense satisfaction as you winch your eight wheel drive truck up a muddy hill at single digit speeds as you head out to rescue your friend in co-op in their stuck truck with a full load of logs on the back. The feeling alone as you're trundling trough mud and winching around, and then the diffs get locked and you pull it into the right spot, everything catches and the engine noise changes and the beast lumbers forward again is glorious.That being said, I have my complaints. The fact that the cloaked parts of the map all return when you start on a new map is annoying, as you have to find the cloak item and eliminate the cloak to be able to see the roads, and after spending a while driving around the map finding all of them, getting stuck, winching and repeating ad nauseum, the last thing you really want when you go to play that map again is to spend all the time finding the cloaks again, and driving blind is just as unappealing. It would be better if unlocked vehicles, removed cloaks and unlocked areas remained persistent on the map so future plays or multiplayer plays could just be able doing the objectives or playing around in the mud and on the trails, as chasing the cloaks gets really repetitive after the first clearing of the map. Having to go back and do it takes it from a great tool for exploration (and it is a great mechanic to force exploration of the map) to a chore that has to be done before you can do the objective.The introductory how to play section of the game is lacking, to say the least. It's essentially a single slide of a presentation with labels pointing at everything. You get to memorize that at the start and that's it for you. You can look at the controls later on in the controls menu, but the introduction to things is poor. The game would greatly benefit from a tutorial level introducing the various vehicles and attachments and their controls one at a time, making things a lot easier when you start the full game.The final complaint is when the game updates, you lose your save file. It seems the version may be coded into the save file itself, so it can be annoying to lose work on a map where you have the final load almost there and then the game updates and you have to start all over.All those complaints aside, you get to drive huge trucks off road and haul logs, ford rivers, smash trees and drive a wrecker and recover crashed vehicles you or your friend crashed. The fun is worth the price, although the presistent cloaks and non-storage of found vehicles and locations make a lot of the gameplay feel like a chore, even though the hauling objectives don't feel as chore-like. It would definitely benefit from persistence and more maps, but that shouldn't put vehicle lovers off.The game is full of awesome fun trucks that lumber around and over things, if you love vehicles it's easy to imagine the noises and rattles and shakes they have. Playing this game for long enough somehow results in the idea of ""I should buy a truck"" making sense."
,Recommended,263280,15484862,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Loyd,"If you like driving sims like I do you must try this one.  Focused on navigating some of the ruffest Russian terrain in the name of logging.  Puts a big emphasis on controlling AWD and locking differentials with impressive terrain physics, especially when navigating mud and flooded areas."
76561198088218049,Recommended,263280,15176984,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Fletcher,best mudding simulator i have ever played
76561197985850262,Recommended,263280,15525840,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,bnuts1014,Game is sweet wish there was more objectives
76561198139639152,Recommended,263280,16066477,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,ReflexKiller,"This game is a fun game for a little while. After so long it gets very boring though. Oovee really needs to update the game a lot. They need add new maps, and vehicles. What they should really do to improve the game is to add addons/DLC to the game."
76561198180660278,Recommended,263280,16181130,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,TBOSSX14,it is a grat game but if you do not have a good cuputer it will lag
,Recommended,263280,16051332,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Gage,One of the best off road trucking simulators around. Actually probably the best one around really.
,Recommended,263280,16071441,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,ProGrizzly,Awesome game absolutely enjoy it!!
,Recommended,263280,15150134,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,sugarloaf12346,Best mud physics of any game I have ever seen and masterfully optimized 10/10
76561198174571087,Recommended,263280,15160934,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,doowhat3182,This game is addictive and I can’t figure out why
76561198123298761,Not Recommended,263280,15126021,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,fitzyboy1997,"If you like the idea of driving back and forwards very slight amounts for half an hour just to get some logs then get thrown across the map and do it again, then if you do it you've gotta do it another 3 times just to complete one objective....... Most bored and frustrated i've ever been in my life ---___---"
76561198176903050,Recommended,263280,15143803,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,rwaltemate,Way too much fun!
,Recommended,263280,15145283,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,moso,"OVERVIEW:This game is slow-paced, I've had countless people raging because things are not going their way. This game encourages patience and out-of-the box thinking. Once you get experience you begin the look at the game differently. Mud in your way? Slap on AWD and DIFF lock and here we go! Oops, forgot I didn't have much fuel... (one example of stupidity). The physics of this game are amazing, and it's nice to play and completed game on steam with all the early access games now. You can play on ""Casual"" or ""HARDCORE."" I play on hardcore because it's a true challenge. Casual is good for exploring the map without any real problems. This game requires a special person to enjoy!!!PROS:Great PhysicsIncredibly optimizedDiverse maps encourage non-stupidityOkay Multiplayer support (few bugs but its really a singleplayer game)All trucks have their own PROS/CONSYou have to plan ahead!HUGE challengeCONS:Few game breaking bugs (ONLY IN MULTIPLAYER!!!)"
76561198085946621,Recommended,263280,15141934,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Sgt. Hammer,"Very cool game!  Fun to just play for an hour here or there while listening to music.  Hope they add more maps! Multiplayer is pretty fun, having other players tow you out of the mud is just plain cool!"
76561198152304809,Not Recommended,263280,15229957,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Lucah33,great game but multiplayer need mic and noone will stay a hole multiplayer game
76561198142729787,Recommended,263280,15194586,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,JoshBeck23,"Probably one of the greatest games out there, besides the lag."
76561198111091925,Not Recommended,263280,13483218,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,MechLen,This is still alpha Early Access just developers lies about it!!!There is tons of new maps and cars but you have to do really difficult manual work on files to level to make it work!And the developers? Just take the money and runned out leaving one person just lying about future plans (but none of them really comes true) ...
,Recommended,263280,14980491,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Silverback Gorilla,"fun to play with friends, nice to watch your friends tip over and scream"
76561198141869217,Recommended,263280,15101361,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,JDM_FOZZY,Awesome game made better by so many different 4wd mods.
,Recommended,263280,15069878,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Chewy,Good physics
76561198050462352,Recommended,263280,15071037,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Gender Bender,I highly recomend this game if you love off-roading it is great fun and really addictive.
76561197972205701,Recommended,263280,15056599,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,acc_acc,This was a pretty entertaining game until my saves disappeared. I was almost done with the Coast map (the 2nd map I had played) and I closed it as usual to do something else. The next day I started it up and it was as if I had never played it. No save data at all. I would play again if they can fix the issue.
76561198214032736,Recommended,263280,15058148,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,smirgyjoker,Very good game worth the 30 bucks i paid BUT one little thing that I ask why does the snokles don't work please make working snokles
,Recommended,263280,15072786,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,AL-VTC (EM) | Will Newman Sr.,If you looking for a Off-Road game then this is a great game.
,Recommended,263280,15214364,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Hentai Aesthetic,You get to drive a truck in the mud.
76561198133619555,Not Recommended,263280,15224080,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ksans24,"I never write reviews but this time...jeez. I am so sick of spintires not working. One day it works next day nothing. Just this morning I was mudding like a God but now, 2 hours later, the game has quite responding.  I bought this game way back. I waited my time, paid my dues, I have had it. The great mud god has defeated me. I am done. I would recommend you do not buy this game until they fiqure out all the bugs. I am so done. Can I get my money back? Its like you find the girl of your dreams just to find out down the road...what a @#$%!@# !@#$ she turned out to be. Pack your bags fellow gamers."
76561198192185067,Recommended,263280,15601318,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,barrylogan,I have played this game for 35 plus hours and find the play very challenging in all areas.
76561198036389236,Recommended,263280,15243767,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,rocket_man1984,Just can't launch the game. Got in touch with product support but could find a solution. I always get error 0xc000007b wich is related to redists. All suggested solutions have been tried. Too bad I was looking forward to play the game. I would still recommend the game cause it seems I'm the only one that can't solve this issue and I have tried the game on a friend's computer and it was lots of fun.
76561198123047237,Recommended,263280,14598227,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,TheInfidel {ΜΟΛΩΝ ΛΑΒΕ},"A very realistic and wonderful game, but the camera angle. It needs a first person view for realistic veiwing. I'm not complaining, I'm arguing that i'm right! Best Wishes,EthanSullivan210"
76561198017081945,Recommended,263280,15472168,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,PZXN,I have never spent so long cursing while trying to pull a fully loaded fuel trailer between two trees in my life without detatching it.This game is beautiful.  There are times that I just stop and watch the sun rise because of the sheer beauty of the game.  Well worth the price just for the fun.
76561197982120129,Not Recommended,263280,14648449,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Herra,"Finish your current game first before DLC and Spintires 2, this is disgusting business practice!!!!!!!!!!! BUYER BE WARNED."
76561198139315015,Recommended,263280,14649340,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TJ,very goood  game  lol    ll i do is drive around
,Recommended,263280,14411363,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Chris171,it needs chevy trucks
,Not Recommended,263280,14486521,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ozzuneoj,"Played the demo and thought it was very interesting and not that hard to get into, so when the full game went on sale I picked it up.Sadly, the full game is extremely frustrating. I just played it for over two hours and basically made no progress what so ever. The pace of the game is incredibly slow, so if you have limited time for games, I'd highly advise that you look elsewhere. Simply finding out that there is an impassible river through the middle of the entire map took me over an hour. How long are we supposed to sit around trudging through the mud down roads that go nowhere? Why in the world would a road go nowhere?? Shouldn't the lumber mill and the source of lumber be directly connected in some way? It doesn't even make sense...Basically, the physics and graphics and overall design are solid, but everything takes so long that it makes it feel like a chore rather than a game. Making an accurate representantion of something that people do for a job (not for fun)  and making everything take as long as the real thing just seems like a bad idea.I can see some appeal here for those that both like this kind of game and have the time to put dozens of hours into video games, but I don't have several hours per day to sit around and drive blindly through the woods like a truck driver that has just been dropped onto an existing job site without a detailed map (cloaking regardless of difficulty... really?). I can't see myself getting into this. Reading about game updates clearing people's progress is also pretty sad."
76561198054773013,Not Recommended,263280,14466486,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,robocop152,"This game is pants, I love sim games I have many types from subs, ships, planes to flight, racing, tains and trucks but this one is just plain bad. The camera views are bad with no cab view, I use a controller to drive and it will not let be change to how I prefere to use my controls."
76561198176874161,Recommended,263280,14471889,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,johndeereblake,coollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
76561198068045427,Recommended,263280,14425946,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ninjatrainman,this game is awosome%getting stuck
76561197972843674,Not Recommended,263280,14517589,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Homo Erectus,Extremely difficult game. Not much fun for the casual player.
76561198065486629,Recommended,263280,14629577,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Happily Ham,"This is without question the greatest off-roading game ever made.  Nothing even comes close to the realism of the mud, sand, and dirt physics in this game.  Many hours of fun to be had in this game."
76561198071642441,Recommended,263280,14613490,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,AccusedRocko,this game is very good the gameplay is solid it my only thing is that it only has 6 maps other than that its great and has alot of play time
76561198035526895,Recommended,263280,14614822,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,"Ja, eller nä","Do you like mud, getting stuck (a lot), having bit of a challange, beautiful sound of a old diesel engine and more mud! Then this is the game for you!Best simulation game i've ever played!"
76561198170129361,Recommended,263280,14615122,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,^5Hecto^3 Remix,downloaded the game several hours ago i loved it but please change the camera view
76561198129656140,Recommended,263280,14605033,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,AFROBUFFS69,THIS GAME IS AWESOME IVE ALMOST PLAYED 60 HOURS ON IT.
76561198086360111,Recommended,263280,14605170,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Flamingmarshmallows,it is a fun game if you want to play with your friends mod or just go mudding what ever you want to do in a truck you can
76561198111200339,Recommended,263280,14605948,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,prizedcoffeecup,"I would say this game is worth playing. On occasion an update will cause problems, but while they are sometimes annoying and sometimes not, they're rarely enough trouble to make the game even dissapointing to play. In comparison to the very first tech demo ever released for it, it is MILES better. The first ever tech demo had all sorts of bugs, like the transmission randomly becoming unresponsive, on occasion random game crashes, sometimes hilarious graphical errors with the trucks (although that last one could have been the graphics card I used to have as well), etc. But now, the game is a lot more stable, the user interface makes a lot more sense, the game runs a bit smoother and the ground deforms even better than it already did in that first tech demo, etc. However, this game still does come with it's share of issues. Number one, multiplayer can randomly disconnect sometimes with no reason. Number two, steering wheels have been having the most issues lately. The previous update had a bug where the split pedals function incorrectly worked due to a programming error, and they fixed that...only to now cause ANOTHER problem where the game is still trying to control the clutch pedal in manual mode at the same time as recieving input from the wheel, which causes the clutch to rapidly engage and disengage when you hit the gas and therefore can't be played with a steering wheel shifter for now. The worst part is that they are SOOOOOO SLOOOOWWW to update this game too! You can't have a game with nice physics and graphics if your player can't control the darn thing in the first place!Overall, though, I still like this game a lot. Aside from these flaws, the gameplay is still enough to keep me drawn in and everything looks absolutely gorgeous! If you are into offroad simulation, then what are you waiting for? Come join the fun!"
76561198044058502,Recommended,263280,14660066,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Jackass179 (AUS),very good game!!!
76561198009956832,Recommended,263280,14661340,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Vulcurdil,"This is an extremely specialised game, so all resources go into making that niche thing amazing; the graphics, physics and mud deformation is absolutely insane for a small indie company. The game is a little low on content with currently only 6 maps and 5 classes of trucks - which is fine for the moment but questionable at the £20 price mark. One downside is the lack of help you are given; just thrown into the forest and work things out on your own. The camera controls also take some getting used to.My advice, if you are into trucks and cool physic effects you could do worse, if you are wanting to try it just because it looks different I would say wait for a price drop as this may not as enjoyable for a none truck-enthusiast. A demo is available on their webpage."
,Recommended,263280,14539932,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Sateeta,"I for one enjoy all simulators(farm contruction euro truck etc)but I have personally not seen a good off road or mud sim ever,none that ive enjoyed anyway.The games mud physics and gravity and weight affects was spot on and now that their getting the dev team back to updateing and adding i belive the game is going to go further and has more potential.One thing i wish theyd add is more objectives i love logging and fighting the weight but id like more varity in loads(equipment tools supplys etc)the amount of detail put into everything is another thing i enjoy highly graphics are wonderful.It pushs you to your limit and puts you in a area your not quite sure what to do just grab a truck get some logs and drive to the logging company little map half way decent truck(sometimes)but overall great game has great potential caint wait to see where this game leads,happy hauling!"
,Recommended,263280,14545557,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ChaoticK,"This should set the bar for all driving games.This is the best driving game I have EVER played.  Recommend to anyone who enjoys realistic driving simulations. The COOP is just fantastic, and really makes for a good time.  Works very well with an XBOX controller if you're into that sort of thing, but also plays fine with a keyboard."
76561198089557591,Recommended,263280,14676618,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ecto.ecti,"Great game, hopefully there will be more map available. with more task to completed"
76561198064635896,Recommended,263280,13889087,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,tstorm5572,love it
76561198204049180,Recommended,263280,14008763,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Goguru,good game
76561198079772512,Recommended,263280,14002417,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,mman701,"Awesome game, really fun ecspecially with friends and a hooked up xbox controller. But, the recent update won't allow me to play it due to a missing file (Sorry, it's in Chinese) and now i'm very sad. Please fix soon."
76561198071313058,Recommended,263280,14019324,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,patrick,i love this game ive played some of the maps over and it never gets boring! would like some new maps though. i managed to complete the flood map which was quite a challange! i would recommend this game to anyone!
,Recommended,263280,14020989,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Deziel0495,"Multiplayer is alot of fun. If you like big trucks and mud, this is the game for you!"
76561197964320977,Recommended,263280,14006390,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Laggy,Outstanding game with great graphics and fun gameplay in single or multiplayer. 91/100
,Recommended,263280,14023402,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,TheKoopaGaming,"There is only one word to discribe this game. Amazing! It is super realistic, you have missions to unlock new custamizations, and get new trucks. I have been playing it from the tech demo to now and it has been amazing all the way. And with mods, the possiblitys are practicly endless. It has full support for Xbox controllers and wheels, and is a really well put thougher game. I would HIGHLY recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,263280,13992252,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,rorypasc,"things he needs to add is crash phiscs, mod support, and map support."
76561198051792555,Recommended,263280,10504067,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Cornbread,Amazing game. Many hours of work must have been put into this game. extreme attention to detail and physics. You can literally get stuck burried up to the bed of the truck. This game has so many little touches that you don't think about but they just make the game that much better
,Recommended,263280,11277532,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Rowjee,"Great game, but the camera RUINS it. It's so god damn stupid and overly complicated.Make the camera spin around one point instead of the fustercluck its doing now. - Or atleast give us an option to do that."
76561198159125613,Recommended,263280,16008677,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,vegetable,this game is amazing and everythings good but can anyeone who has this game add me because i need friends who will play this with me.
76561198110864349,Recommended,263280,15944452,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Big Daddy Devin,Amazing physics and driving. By far the best driving game by far.
76561198170159071,Recommended,263280,15965548,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,MclarenP1xXx,It is an AMAZING game. The mud and suspesion phisics is AMAZING!!!
,Recommended,263280,15965832,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Benis xD,10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,263280,15622619,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Col. V.Gambino | 303,"Very good game, Just need to play with friends. You may need a few mods too, But it's easy to install them."
76561197971978933,Recommended,263280,13423756,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,delkind33,Decent truckin sim.
,Recommended,263280,13425268,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,LachlanRGaming,"Oh sh*t, I flipped it by hitting a tree simulator."
76561198011444085,Recommended,263280,13428056,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,pullitz,"The simple complexity is drawing at first; then becomes boring. Lacks depth and versatility. After a game or two, the only challenge is found in hardcore-mode. Nonetheless, hours can be spent, trying to tackle various landscapes of sometime preposterous difficulty, for no reason whatsoever. I've played exlusively with Logitech G29 with H-shifter, and besides landing you a rare achievement for Manual Gearbox, is definately improves overall feel of the game!"
,Not Recommended,263280,13508903,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,iToaster,"I'm holding a ""No"" for recommending this until the publisher, Oovee, developer of the train simulator 2015 DLC for those who didn't know, gives the development rights back to the developer. He has clearly stated that the game SHOULD as of right now have been updated, and Oovee's claim that they aren't blocking him are false for that simple reason - if it can be updated, it should be. They plan to resume development themselves they say, and judging by what they've had in store for train sim, should that happen, this will REMAIN a ""no"" for recommending."
76561198095440459,Recommended,263280,11096031,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Zinon,"Pretty fun yet frustrating game.  I don't care for how the camera work in the game but you get used to it.  I haven't played it long and probably won't open again, first time I minimized the game to answer a chat box, the game crashed when I clicked to bring it back up.  Probably should have been resolved before a full launch."
76561198059870769,Recommended,263280,11099520,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,steelrat1970,"This game is incredible and wonderfully, refreshingly different.  There is something rather therapeutic almost about trundling through a quagmire laden forest with a load of freshly cut logs.  No time limits.  No frag counts.  No competition, just the challenge of navigating an unforgiving landscape in an all wheel drive truck."
76561198140945747,Recommended,263280,10943282,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,lobojones,"spintires is a great game. nothing else like it for sale. you can easily get lost in getting lost. which is saying you can enjoyably play for hours. the different trucks are all cool and you can change their accessories to better suit what needs to be accomplished. i bought it fullprice and i am not one bit sorry i did , again great game. great simulator . great exploration. great if you love cars but sometimes grow tired of the constant fast paced racers and need a little break to take it slow. controls are not  complicated , but the game does play better with a gamepad. that said , due to the ""speed"" of the game it can be played very comfortably with a keyboard. buy it"
76561198132749721,Recommended,263280,10948219,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,archangel141t,i like every thing about the game its all good
76561197998318543,Recommended,263280,10891912,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,billyclub,this game is dope but seems like its in beta
76561198049404250,Recommended,263280,10910010,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bladerunner220,"Spintires is a fun and unique offroad experience. Simple to understand but hard to master there are a variety of challenging maps and modes that can tailor the experience to the player's needs. Hardcore mode disables instant recovery options, requires the player to plan a supply network of support vehicles and makes tough stretches of road and river crossings extremely tense. The different attachments and modifications of the vehicles have realistic utility and are not just there for show.If I had to pick one highlight from the game it's terrain deformation.... each surface reacts and deforms differently (sand, mud, gravel, concrete, packed dirt, grass, root covered forest floors) the detail is amazing. Ruts and trenches build up over time as the hulking Soviet era vehicles roll through, tilting and shifting with dynamic surfaces. There is a real sense of weight with the vehicles. Even the tire pressure is noticeable. Co-op online is rewarding and definitely useful while attempting to unlock achievements. Anyway, I don't want to be long winded – check out Spintires for a detailed, rewarding offroad experience."
76561198014061683,Recommended,263280,10911583,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Duppadiudiu,such physics very wow
,Recommended,263280,10912434,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,AlbinoBear,"Played the tech demo before. Now that its out I'd highly recommend it. Although sometimes when you are playing multiplayer and people leave halfway through it can be frustrating at times. Yet when you find a good group, its all smooth sailing."
76561198001693161,Recommended,263280,10914150,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TachyonSigma,"The most fun you can have in a walking simulator, but without all the hassle of walking!"
,Recommended,263280,10915148,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,älgN =DD,its nice game and funny on online mod :)
,Recommended,263280,10922432,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Covert,I got stuck in the mud. 10/10
,Recommended,263280,10896610,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,robojeebus,"If you have ever owned a Tonka toy and enjoyed the experience of smooshing it through mud, sand, puddles and grass this is the video game for you.it has 360 gamepad support and works as intended from the get go, right trigger for go, left trigger for brake and reverse, learning the deeper controls and features is part of the adventure and its rewarding when you learn how the different vehicle modifications work and how that ADVANCED menu should be used.I quickly picked up the basics and now I am switching in and out of all wheel drive and toggling the split diff to suit my traction needs. Plus whe you screw up it can be spectacular, tumbling down a muddy tree strewn hill into a river with a full load of lumber. Fantastic!"
,Recommended,263280,10897936,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Hacks.exe,this game is very good and ill play this game anyday
76561198001480027,Recommended,263280,10898006,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Talking Donkey,"Wonderful game...Very funny and challegening even in casualmode... Very nice game, looking forward to more great things to do..."
,Recommended,263280,21261268,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Toshinba,awesome game even more now that multiplayer actually works and they have mods
76561198284067695,Recommended,263280,21214150,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,FaZe Rain,"Really Good game, keeps you intrested for hours, would be a 5 but being able to knock down trees would help :)"
,Not Recommended,263280,12316639,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,=<matt>=,"Posted 11/14/15 (when the game was good)The game is absolutely amazing. If there were a first person view i would have quadruple the amount of hours into the game. The graphics are amazing and so is the engine. With ever-changing challenging maps, you will always get stuck in the mud somehow. Every turn there is something new. deep river or mud, or even a house. Even the co-op play is great.  Having to help other players is what makes this game intersting. if you get stuck with them, you gotta bring a whole  army to get out of the mud. I was surprised when i tried out the multiplayer. The servers werenot laggy at all. although one thing that I find bad about multiplayer is, you get see anyother deformations other than your own. This would be even better if there were different resources for objectives like fuel.EDIT 6/28/16 (when the game was sh*t)This game is now a waste of time and money. The devs have now gone several months without any official word to the community. The game is left in a buggy and unstable state. Multiplayer is completely broken now, and signleplayer with mods isnt the best after a ""Timebomb"" incedent. Now all we can do is wait for Oovee to get off their♥♥♥♥♥and start working on this game again."
,Recommended,263280,10459192,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,peter199022,best offroad simulator for me
76561198238496988,Recommended,263280,23626404,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Rossinall,very good game.... recomend to anyone who likes wheeling.
,Recommended,263280,23627829,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Ning☭,went Truckin with my freind and got all of our Trucks stuck apart from 1 witch i stuck i the closest lake then we got killed my gabe for not Truckin goodthen he got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198090482265,Recommended,263280,23624684,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Borglit,"This game is fun at first, but after a while you will need mods to keep the gameplay fresh. dont expect a very fast paced game your average speed will be 2 mph on a good day."
,Recommended,263280,23620538,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,59th Danish,Really good game just a little to exspensive and just refunded it so i am still waiting for a sale or discaunt. But gameplay wise its really good with realistic grafics and sound if you have a desent computer or you just have to play it at a little bit lower settings.
76561198004331309,Recommended,263280,23622604,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,PassionCrush,Best sim i've ever played...10/10 true slav experience
,Recommended,263280,23616010,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,JointHorse,"Ever wanted to be a russian log driver? Go and get yourself stuck in mud, drown the driver in river, and roll off hills with full load of logs, and curse when your only truck left is on the other end of the map without fuel."
,Recommended,263280,23660316,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,{LPT}lRACER,it is fun the best game ever I laggy but that's just me cos it dos that to ats and ets2
76561198056979021,Recommended,263280,23651119,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Xavier,"Spintires is a fun game. Has awesome physics, beautiful graphics, runs great. Very addictive game. The only problem for me is that updates are not as frequent as they could be."
76561198190297246,Recommended,263280,23693981,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Natster,the off roading action
,Recommended,263280,23702137,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,AtreX,"This might look like one of the most crazy ideas for a game, but in some wierd way it actually works and is really fun in multiplayer. I'd say it's a tad expensive in it's full price, but if you see it on sale it's worth a try!Controllers are a bit different from what you're used to (probably), but give it an hour or two and give yourself five minutes to go through which keys does what. Also try clicking around with the mouse when stopping at points of interest to intereact with them and you might end up having a much better time than you thought possible in a game of mud and trucks in the most remote parts of Russia.The mud physics is better than anything I've ever seen before and I warmly reccomend trying it out from the start with 2-3 friends on voip as it increases the experience by a lot."
,Recommended,263280,23702684,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,マリアナの栄光,"Interesting game, optimized graphics and realistic sound/vehicle controls, unfortunately some workshop items don't work at all.I'd like to give Spintires 8/10."
,Recommended,263280,23677064,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Douglas_G,"This is a relaxing title where one can drive around in manly vehicles, overcoming the environment in a manly struggle to get from point A to point B."
,Recommended,263280,23612361,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Candied Lemon,Your winch has more pulling power than your truck.
,Recommended,263280,23612521,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Sighman,"I played 20 hours of this using keyboard and mouse. I enjoyed the game, but I felt there was something missing. Then I hooked up my Logitech G25 with 6-speed shifter, and oh wow, Spintires is a whole new game. Manually selecting gears just makes the whole game so much better, and I'm really, really enjoying it"
76561198047214627,Recommended,263280,23598799,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,neosporin 00,"Such a great-looking game with realistic physics. I can almost smell the mud as I'm slogging down the trails. I also find it relaxing and a nice break from high-intensity games, but the simplicity of it doesn't get boring. The modding community also has an enormous affect on replayability as many high-quality vehicles are just a click away."
76561198282960702,Recommended,263280,23605269,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TrickyxPotxHead,"Well to start off, a very good game. i play a lot. its just i cant use the workshop vehicles anymore. i dont even have an option to change to the standard vehicles anymore. so now because of this i dont play a lot anymore. Also how do i play the coustom maps?"
76561198151314898,Recommended,263280,14500072,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ccso3,This is the best offroad game that I have seen so far. The only problem I ever had was modding. Modded maps never work. The game says Files are Missing/Old. Anybody have any suggestions?
76561198034760724,Recommended,263280,14551513,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Hasta,"+Great graphics+Fantastic physics+Great idea behind the game+Beautiful truck models+ Nice, compact maps- Will get boring with time due to lack of objectives- Extremely hard- Often feels rather pointlessOverall ok game 6/10. Bye mates!"
,Recommended,263280,14554212,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Nicho96,mine keeps on crashing can someone plz help me
76561198159224291,Recommended,263280,14569643,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,cjcool990055,love this game sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much
,Recommended,263280,14589211,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Rocotaco,"Pretty damn fun game. I've enjoyed it and I really need to give the multiplayer mode a try and REALLY have some fun.It may just seem like ""oh great, another simulator game...."" but it's really not that bad of a sim.I definitely recommend it."
76561198157449570,Recommended,263280,14571647,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ReapeR ツ,really fun can download mods on oovee to make it way better or even play multiplayer
,Recommended,263280,14577180,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Avec,- Differential lock should only be enabled while standing still- There are two types of differential locks. Between axels and inside one axel. Diffs inside an axel do not like turns and should almost always be used straigt forward or backwards since the wheels are moving with the same speed.- A bit to much mud I think. Some roads or parts should be easier to manouver. The normal is low land and wet lands are muddy while high ground is dry.- The game is buggy here and there- I like the consept and are looking forward what more the game will bring
,Recommended,263280,13232029,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Col_Crashalot,game is only fun when playing co-op
,Recommended,263280,13232627,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,C2 Foxy,the game is not the best but its alright
,Recommended,263280,13237686,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,НФСфан,10/10 would SpinTires again...
,Recommended,263280,13238296,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,JontzBreadMaker,11/10 Would winch a fully loaded eighteen wheeler thru a river again.
,Recommended,263280,12239780,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,gameboy2011,I think spintires is epic and anyyone who wants to get it I think you should.
76561198046316288,Recommended,263280,13262539,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,airsoftman321,"Lets put it this way... If you enjoy driving old russian army equipment across rough terrain, mostly mud, delivering logs, from one side of the map to the other, getting stuck in every way shape or form, sinking trucks under freezing russian water because you drove off in thinking it was shallow... then this is the game for you. simply put, A CHALLENGE. HOWEVER, if driving fast around in la la land is what you seek you will not find it here. I waited until i completed all 5 maps to write the review.  I enjoyed the game, not quite worth the 30$ IMO so i waited until it was on sale. You have to be a certan type of messed up gaming person for this game, like me, I mean i play farming simulator lol.graphics 8/10gameplay 6/10realness 10/10price 1/10P.S. the plains map may look easy, its not. The hill was by far my favorite."
76561198083675493,Recommended,263280,13263649,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Nitroman42,*I got stuck in the mud and spent 2 hours trying to get out*never got out* ran out of gas8/8
,Recommended,263280,13252515,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Turtle Beach,It is a very fun game. But when u get the 8 by 8 truck and the Long log trailor It can be VERY VERY difficult to turn around in the log yard or even get logs in general. But besides that this game offers a offroad Adventure And is very fun. It can be hard to understand at first.... but when you get use to it it's very fun. So if u do not own the game yet go try to demo first to see if you like it. If u do go buy the Full version!
76561198015843845,Recommended,263280,13352912,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,BenHewitson,Fantastic game. Stunning graphics for what it is. I just cant put it down.
76561198058298035,Recommended,263280,13357382,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Hawk,"Best physics with the winch, 12/10 game of the year <3"
76561198011553969,Recommended,263280,13358659,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,markbrad,"Spintires has to be the most frustratring games ever to be made for the PC!The graphics are beautiful, the way the terrain deforms and the mud and earth pile up when your trucks tyres displace it is a wonder to behold! The trees look fantastic and small ones can be flatten in front of your truck as you make your way to the objective.Even the trucks models look brillient with the way their tyres actually deform as you make your way across rocks and the occasional tarmac. The exhustive effects give a real sense of an old diesel engine.The game play is unique, I've never played a game with vehicles which didn't involve a timer of some sorts which is refreshing and allows a relaxed and unrushed approach to achieve your objective, you're fighting the terrain not the clock. The objectives themselves are normally to take an amount of lumber (wooden logs) from a logging camp to a specfic location. To do this you have to search for and unlock other vehicles. The maps are clouded by a 'fog of war' type of affair but instead of becoming unvieled as you travel you instead have to make your way to a specific location in order to reveal a map section. Which itself adds sort of a sub-objective as these locations are often in hard to reach places you'd never dream of actually navigating to to achieve your mission.In short there are a lot of great things about this game, it's been very well thought out. Except for two important elements. Firstly, no first person view inside the cab. Well I can understand if the designer wants you to mavel at all the deforming terrain etc you can't see all his hard work. I still would like a cabin view though. But even the third person view and the way it's connected to your truck defies any sort of logic or sensible thinking. I can't only suggest it was designed especially to obscure your view of anything you'd actually want to see at all times...or at least make it difficult to get the camera into a position where you can see. And this is where the frustration begins.I must have re-started the same level 50+ times because I end up in a position (normally with all wheels pointing skywards) because I couldn't see enough ahead. I have literally driven off the edge of cliffs and steep hills to my doom simply because I can't get the camera into a position to see where I'm going, which seems ridiculous for a driving game! Truck is at the bottom of a valley, damaged and can't be driven, oh and lack of savings means you can't track back. Progess lost, start again! I'd say after 2hrs of of play I've seen about 5% of 1 map. Not because they are so large, but because I've been playing the same bit over and over again.Not making progress and failing at what should be simply tasks (like crossing a small bridge) just makes you head for the Exit button and reach for the valium! I even got stuck in the mud in the 'safety' of my own garage not 1 minute into a game and couldn't do a thing about it (no trees to attach the winch to). Stuck AT MY OWN GARAGE! Seems ridiculous (again)?The second frustration are the controls. There is no support for steering wheels game-controllers. Controlling ANY car or truck in ANY game is a pain with a keyboard and when your main enemy is the terrain about you control over your vehicle is a must! If you put these two main points of frustration togther and try and 'decompile' the intial planning process of the devs, then it must have been something like this:""Lets made a driving game! But we won't add the two main things you'd actually expect in a driving game. 1.Using a steering wheel, 2. A view from the actual position you be in real life. Leaving out these two naturally expected features will give our game an edge over any other driving game on the market""Would I recommend this game? Overall I've got to say yes, saying no would suggest it's a bad game, which it isn't. It's just missing what is small but import piece of the puzzle. Being able to see out of the front of the vehicle and control it. If you can wait then I'd suggest adding to your Wish List and wait for a sale, add it to your library and hope that there will be a future patch to add the lacking features."
76561198141696551,Recommended,263280,13379524,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,l.smiffy11,VERY good :P :)
,Recommended,263280,13373831,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,towlife,absolutely love this game. complete free roam on every map. very challenging and extremely realistic detail to vehicles and ability to navigate terrain. if you like challenges with goals driving mudding logging free roam and multiplayer this is what you want. the vehicles perform and act like they would in real life with detailed wheel spin sinking in mud/muck and explicit detail to what supsension and engine components look and work like
,Recommended,263280,16215906,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Strip Weathers (Dinaco),Just absolutley floggin
,Recommended,263280,16395669,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Conan4Life,"Drop The jacks, Drop the bass."
76561197969803513,Recommended,263280,16397170,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Comm.Luc,"Crawling through mud in big♥♥♥♥♥machines, do I need to day more..."
,Recommended,263280,16402824,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MP1NL,This game has quickly become one of my top steam games.4+ hours on a map slowly spinning through mud to deliver a load of logs.  Bring it on.
76561197969984517,Recommended,263280,16403444,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Remo99,"Great work guys! I bought this game in early access last year. It was not in a very finished state, no wheel support, various bugs, gameplay not quite there.Well, now I am really impressed. Graphics have been upgraded, my 3d Vision Surround looks gorgeous, and my G27 wheel works. I have only played a few minutes of this version but it also has different missions and trucks it appears.The only problem so far I have noticed is the G27 shifter doesnt have a default setting for the H pattern shifter + Clutch, the shifter buttons are mapped wierd but I guess I could maybe manually map them.Overall, great progress! I was worried the developers wouldn't listen to the fans but I was wrong. A very original, beautiful looking game (hopefully the gameplay/missions are also up to snuff)."
76561198027625195,Recommended,263280,16403618,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Muted,GET IT!
76561198041862261,Recommended,263280,16386472,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Troglodyte,Fabulous
76561197963509096,Recommended,263280,16388302,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BigHit,I hate Mud....
,Recommended,263280,13497469,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,The_Auzzinator,"This is a great game for anyone who likes trucks, mud and a challenge. I got this game when it was first released and I have no regets about it. Definitely worth the time and money."
,Recommended,263280,13503270,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,RoboKast,"Can be a great game at times.....Pros:Great GraphicsAMAZING PhysicsGreat terrain deformationMost realistic offroad sim availableGood modding communityTrucks have quite a few available upgradesCons:Trucks turn wayyyy to slowMud is everywhere (Like the devs just slapped down a bunch of mud and called it a gameThe trucks you start out with are crapNot many available vehiclesDevs seem to have abandoned the gameOnly 6 maps.. So once youve completed them it gets boringI mean its a fun game, especially in multiplayer.. But it needs some updating...8/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_s--MYK66c"
,Not Recommended,263280,13289174,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Tinman,I strongly advise you not to waste your money on this game. Its a very slow and boring game!!!!! The trucks have no power and the maps are very small and nothing to do on them. No real goals or anything to strive toward. Limited number of trucks and loading the mods is terrible. half the time they are missing parts or colors. Its more like a $10 game.  If you want a good game go with Euro Truck simulator 2 or Farming Simulator!!!!!!! This game is a huge disappointment.
,Not Recommended,263280,13532943,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dr. SeReB,"+ nice initial idea+ nice graphics, sounds- totally mad physics, unrealistic vehicles' movement, not even close to reality- no profiles, no single player career, just one save slot for everything- mud everywhere, the terain responds like a gel (everywhere!)- weird keyboard controls (mainly advanced controls and gearbox)- mouse can leave full screen on multi-monitor- poor way of switching vehicles and viewing a map- ""fog of war"" elements, day/night cycles and a fuel consumption during time shifting just do not fit into the game- the most terrible camera movements and controls ever- almost no difference between casual and hard difficultyI'd call this game ""in early stage of development"".Nice tech demo, but not a retail game worth 10 €."
,Recommended,263280,13533400,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,SYmonator,"Not bad, but needs alot of work...but it is quite fun for a time waste anyway."
,Recommended,263280,13533774,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Something creative,"Great game, fun getting around but also challenging because of the terrain (I guess that makes it more fun). The only thing I would like to see in this game is a cab view but this game is amazing as it is! :) Really recommend."
76561198169128202,Recommended,263280,13534487,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Joey starz,Fun but you need friends to survive
76561197965946399,Recommended,263280,13536684,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Firth,"The best mud simulator going - 11/10 (seriosuly, put's all other mud simulators to shame)."
,Recommended,263280,13539094,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Heckflosse230,I loooooooooove it!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,263280,13539452,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,lithophile,Drive Russian trucks back and forth through realistic mud simulation. Has online play. Buy it and we can haul loads together.
,Recommended,263280,13539633,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,mr_cale,Got stuck in the mud. Got unstuck from the mud. 10/10
76561197961558880,Recommended,263280,14234439,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,MingusAmongUs,I highly recommend this game
76561198042179296,Recommended,263280,14272339,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,moonfox120,"this game , like arma is not very forgiving but very fun for that fact"
,Recommended,263280,14356058,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Lexus GS430,"Amazing fun. It's a slow-paced game, but it's still very fun. It has possibly the best off-road physics of any game, and it's really easy to sink hours into it."
,Recommended,263280,14359528,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,tormit28,This is a game with best soil physics ever.Looking forward to see new updates. Worth buying.
76561198165916854,Recommended,263280,14362453,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,capt0v3r,This is an great game. It is relaxing and fun. The locations are open and it's up to you to decide how to solve the challenges. And the updates keep making it even better.
76561198165382843,Recommended,263280,14380036,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Awesomeboy,its a great game if you like offroading. it still has some glitches but i love the game
76561198176756033,Recommended,263280,14383986,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,gundamfighter32,great game to play
76561198100523132,Recommended,263280,14766165,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,stoddard_derek,best game ever
76561198155084896,Recommended,263280,14769174,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,FADEDHART,ITS SO FUN
,Recommended,263280,14771383,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Sheen,Russian Redneck Mudding SimulatorDon't let the money fool you. It's worth every penny
76561198155801788,Recommended,263280,14752239,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,potatobaked420,"i really like spintires!!! the graphics and physics in it alone are enough to keep me coming back for more, and the trucks are alot of fun!! the only constructive critisism i could offer is; it would be nice if there were more different types of objuectives. like on one map, say volcano for instance, it would go along way for replayability if you could do lumber one time and say maybe do like gravel haulin or rock haulin. i was also thinking it sure would be cool if there were more trucks. i know it's about the soviet trucks but i dont know if there were a ""recreational"" map with just fuel and a garage or two with a bunch of trucks or trucks you choose....great game idea and well done too, just saying anything and everything can always get better..."
,Recommended,263280,14753707,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,chasemcknight88,"Awesome game, great gameplay and hours of fun. The missions are difficult but alot of fun."
76561198050975772,Recommended,263280,14755121,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,US-Gamer09,"The Realism is unbelievable to begin with... Really good Game to play... Thumbs up, big Time..."
76561198021645595,Recommended,263280,14755303,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,[FURHQ] Ryanny Dragonwolf,"The best offroading game i have ever played atlast a game that shows mud ruts, 8x8's and a ton of fun."
,Recommended,263280,14759661,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,SenseiDave,I love this game..... but for the love of SPACE CHRIST please fix the camera controls for the 360 controller.   I mean the controls work fine if you account for the camera zooming in asm much as possible whenever you change direction and with no way to correct zoom on the controller i am constantly stopping and re adjusting the camera. It wouldnt be so bad if it didnt happen every 30 seconds
,Recommended,263280,14814008,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Boomraider,Just drive around in the mud. what more do you need?
76561198070742406,Recommended,263280,14726301,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,TheDrizzle,"And you may ask yourselfHow do I work this?And you may ask yourselfWhere is that large autombile?And you may tell yourselfThis is not my beautiful mud.And you may tell yourselfThis is as much fun as watching virtual grass grow.Letting the days go byas you play SPINTIRES.No seriously, took me 3 hours to finish the first map on multiplayer.And you may ask yourselfDo I like simulation games that focus on a specific genre?And you may ask yourselfThis games has objectives but no hardline storyAnd you may tell yourselfThat previous question was as statement rather than a question that needs an answer.And you may tell yourselfIt's got multiplayer that makes it 10x more entertainingGameplay 8/10Same as it ever wasMod suport 7/10Same as it ever wasFun 9/10 if simulation games are your thingSame as it ever was"
,Not Recommended,263280,14808182,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,IsOver9K,"- I Recommend Buying Spintires ONLY If You Like Paying For The Whole Pie But Only Getting One Bite And Being Promised Again And Again The Rest Of The Remaining Pie.(Only read on if you can handle the full rant, don't care about grammer/spelling/punctuation, and care enough to know whats going on or rather whats not going on in the world of Spintires)Love the game and the idea behind it and all the potential that it has... Unfortunately I hate the dev team and it has wrecked the game for me. I've played Spintires since the Tech Demo lauch and was hooked I just wanted it to be polished just a bit more few more trucks, better in game camera, more interesting maps.The reason why I don't recommend this game is because when I purchased Spintires there was small changes happening here and there but still enough to say that someone from development was at least looking at the game they made, however thats not really the case anymore as the developer has made small improvements over the span of months always promising and never delivering and then coming back at it's gaming community with sob story after sob story of how they can't get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and communicate amongst themselves. I've had it with this game and I'm giving it one last chance as the developer has promised modding by early April. If modding isn't put into Spintires at some point in april I will uninstall this game and make sure that others know enough not to waste their money on this broken p.o.s."
76561198160944749,Recommended,263280,14782931,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,knghtncc74656,it is a off road game that is reely cool and I recommend it.
,Recommended,263280,14833841,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,HackedAndroid,"Spintires is an excellent game.  I have gotten many hours of enjoyment out of it and I am going to get many more.  Once you get started playing this game, it is hard to stop.  The vehicles are fun to drive and the terrain is fun and challenging to navigate.  If you think you're on solid ground, you probably aren't and you will sink your truck to the axels.This being said, I would still call this game a beta that is in its late stages.  The way the camera operates is horrible, the ingame menus are bad, and every update to the game erases your save data.  There have also been some issues between the community, Pavel (lead developer/creator) and Oovee.  At the moment, things seem to be sorted out and Oovee has promised more updates, features, and transparency but we will have to see.In conclusion, if development on this game was halted today it is still a very fun and enjoyable experience.  I have played for almost 45 hours and I have not yet to even try the map added in the latest update.  The modding community is amazing and thriving at the moment.  Kind of treat buying this game as buying an early access game.  The development plan and future of this game is a little shaky at the moment.  So if development suddenly stops or major changes come to the game, be ready.  But overall, you will not be wasting your money and will have a great time playing this game."
76561198069169204,Recommended,263280,14852256,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,|MDҚ| dave,good game
,Recommended,263280,14847664,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,jedwardsj84,"SpinTires is a great game with lots of potential. Great for modding and making it your own. Overall great time playing it, would recommend to others."
,Recommended,263280,14825116,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Melinko,♥♥♥♥ing UAZ
76561198071894532,Recommended,263280,11427545,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,General Fodder,Awesome Game cant wait till they get the in cab view worked out and in the game.
76561198046406209,Recommended,263280,11314504,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,aussierolla,great game
76561198158959830,Recommended,263280,12687909,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,h0llyw00ddreams,"This is a very fun game. I play this game alot. I am a mechanic and love offroading. This game fills my need to go out and break things on the trail. My wallet is very glad I bought this game because if you are like me then 30 dollars is not that much compared any new jeep part. Hours of fun. beautiful graphics, and definatly replayabe. it is the most fun online because your trusty friends can pull you out in case you get stuck. i has its bugs and puts a load on my laptop but really fun and over all a very well thought out game"
,Recommended,263280,12688523,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,"slow is smooth, smooth is bugs",Imagine big no-nonsense trucks hauling♥♥♥♥♥and off-roading carrying big stuff.Imagine a bunch of scantily clad women wrestling sensually in a giant mud pit.Imagine the deep stoic timbre of the Red Army choir singing the Soviet anthem.Welcome to Spintires.
,Recommended,263280,12688797,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,SkunkSquirrel,"The physics on this game is asimple amazing. Breath taking. The water flows, the mud sticks and the lorrys roll and bump about.BUTThis isnt a action packed driving game. This is a off road simulator. There are tasks to do, but mostly its fun to pair up on multiplayer and race to a finish line."
,Recommended,263280,12684844,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,EPAR GROGKNAK,"good dirt, dirt 10/10 would dirt again, but very few diffrent types of dirt to play in, and very little incentive to play in the dirt other than the dirt is good. 6/10 good dirt tech demo."
,Recommended,263280,12689958,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Papa Bless,Great Game. Got 25 hrs on record and i have loved every single minute. From the fantastic but annoying mud to the weird camera it is all great. It still seems to be in the early access game category even though it has been released. I would like to see more maps and more trucks. also a 1st person camera would be nice.I would recommend this game because it has high potential to be one of the great sim games.
76561198087823968,Recommended,263280,12690329,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,andrewnelson012,A bit slower gamer but certainly worth the money. I defiately enjoyed it
76561197989965395,Recommended,263280,12690457,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Angrypencils,"Lacking content, but overall fun. Wait for a sale, you'll be satisfied."
,Recommended,263280,12690826,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Impulse buy from OfficeWorks,Soviet Mud Simulator 2014
76561198061010805,Recommended,263280,12691565,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Liquid_Kitten,Got stuck in the mud... 11/10
,Recommended,263280,12692122,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,dognoodles,"If you want an 'ultimate' offroading game, This is undoubtfuly the game for you..."
76561198056380123,Recommended,263280,12695333,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Dave,"ye, its alright ygm."
,Recommended,263280,12695339,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,SolidSnack,"Hard to describe how I find this game fun, basicly it appeals to the Tonka kid in me, playing in a sandbox.  I love the exploration, and planning involved to treck though the maps. Tools involved, machines break down, the planning to drive out another support vehicle for repairs.....Vehicles are varied and fun, The Jeep still seems useless, but forces you to use the wench pully system more often.  The physics though... the PHYSICS are awsome, I find myself stareing at my tires how they affect the gound, or relief you feel when you finally pull your vehicle over that next hill.Havent tried the multiplayer yet, but other guys have posted on youtube and it looks fun ( tip to do some of the tasks and to make sence of some of the tools, YOUTUBE IS YOUR FIREND)Right now Graphics seem stable on my machine but shadows still seem to blink erraticly .To me right now, its one of those games that none of my friends would find interesting, but I love it .Suggestions : TANKS , Winter mode? , TANKS"
,Recommended,263280,12695701,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Smitty,This game is AMAZINGENOUGH SAID!
76561197961264306,Recommended,263280,11575423,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Rifled,"You've just spent the last hour fighting slogging through the deep mud trying to get your last load of logs to the drop point.  Your almost there and it is going really smooth but then you start to see the rear trailer tires sink. The trail here is getting really bad from the multiple runs you have already made.  You've always made it before, why should this time be any different?.  The trailer starts to lean heavily to one side.  If you stop you will probably get stuck. There are no trees near by to winch from and getting stuck means going back for the other truck to pull you out and will mean at least another 30 minutes lost and it is getting dark.   The trailer is creaking and moaning under the stress.  You are so close, only a couple hundred meters out. You hammer the accelerator and the rig groans through the mud but then the whole rig starts to sink in deeper and deeper.  You might be able to stop and reverse out but it may already be to late as the truck grinds to a halt stuck in the mud.  The tires are spinning trying to grab onto anything solid but it is of no use.  Your stuck.  Going to have to get a rescue vehicle now.Spintires is not for the faint of heart.  It is tedious, long, and downright frustrating at times.  But when you are driving the big MAZ 537 through the deep mud making huge ruts with a load of long logs and you see the beast pull through into the drop off point it is even more rewarding.  It won’t give you a bunch of money to spend on upgrades or unlock some super high tech vehicle.  It is it’s own reward. It is that good feeling you get when you know you conquered the terrain and did not succumb to all the hazards of it.  It is about taking on what seem to be insurmountable odds and still beating them.  Its about having fun and seeing how bad you really can bury your truck and then figuring how to get it out.Spintires has two game modes.  Casual and hardcore. Casual is much more forgiving and great for beginners.  You can instantly rescue any vehicle back to the shop, have lower fuel burn, and can lock the differential on the fly in automatic on the transmission.  In hardcore more, there are no magic vehicle rescues.  If you want your truck back, you will have to get it yourself.  You still have an automatic transmission but if you really want to get there you better learn the manual one fast and start figuring out how you will get fuel to your truck out in the middle of nowhere. And there is no magic little red line to follow from your planned route on the map.  Hopefully you know the terrain by now.Spintires is a completely open world.  There is no one route to get there. Its about planning and knowing the risks.  Take the beaten, torn up roads, or make your own trails to cut time and find virgin ground to trample on?  The trees on the map look really thick but if you could squeeze through there is a paved road right on the other side.   Routes that seamed impossible at first because they were so difficult and at times seemed impossible to scout sometimes become your best avenues of travel.   There is a learning curve but there are numerous guides to help you get started.  Learning the maps and the vehicle characteristics is just trial and error at times. Expect a few hours on each map just learning the general layout. There are some guide maps that tell you where things are, but they won't tell you how bad the mud is, or where the hills are, or how deep the water is.  The in game camera is not the greatest but it is not bad as most say and is very manageable if you play on a game pad.This game is a ton of fun if you have some patience and can laugh when you see your truck disappear into the water depths knowing you drove it there.  And then can laugh again when you get your second truck struck while trying to pull the first one out. This is not a game about driving fast.  It is about crawling through the mud.I highly recommend this game.  If you like hard core, off road, real life simulations, you can't do better than this. With its real time terrain deformation, you can watch as a new trail will start to deteriorate into a slop pit as you drive on it again and again leaving huge ruts that will still be there when you come through again."
,Recommended,263280,11619513,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Hash,"Very Fun, unique game. One of the best trucking games out there.However it does not feel like a finished game, there are still some issues.BUT... if you like trucking games, this is a must have.For the game thus far 10/10."
76561198148403285,Not Recommended,263280,11619727,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,popsicle3133,this game is f****** b***s***
,Recommended,263280,11620408,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,ETJ,"Great game, can be very hard work at times when you're stuck in the mud. Definitely recommend to anyone that loves off road driving games :D"
76561198099878762,Recommended,263280,11621666,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,DOA_DoubleAAron,Great game is you like Big trucks and mudding.
76561198027770426,Recommended,263280,11668236,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,n2airbrushing,Graphics are really Good!!!!! This game is going places!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,263280,11652387,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,LyNx HITW,Simply the best off road simulation i've ever tried!
76561198040956170,Recommended,263280,11498300,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Skulltron59,Amazing game!
76561198116339778,Recommended,263280,11551204,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,franklin.trey,"If you think this game will be easy to complete and without challenge, then you are in for a big surprise. There is mud pretty much everywhere on the map, which makes it quite difficult to drive, much less drive quickly. Most of the vehicles have 4 or 5 gears, but most of the time you won't get out of second. The rivers ARE deep. They aren't impassible, but you will probably suffer some damage to some of the smaller vehicles, such as the jeep and the pickup. Each map is not a quick endeavor, at least a few hours is what it usually takes me. The game is very enjoyable if you like off-roading and a good challenge. Each vehicle has its strengths and weaknesses, so it's best to use each for its strengths instead of only using one to do everything. One peice of advice: It is best to uncloak most of the map before trying to deliver the lumber anywhere, otherwise you can get lost and stuck pretty easily. Also, the winch is not that intuitive to operate. You have to go to the 'advanced' tab, select a winch point on your vehicle, select a point to winch toward (such as a tree or another vehicle), exit out of the advanced tab, and then press and hold""F"" on the keyboard to start the winch. The engine also must be running in order to use the winch. There doesn't appear to be a way to do this from a controller. If you have reasonable expectations and realize what this game  is, it is very fun!"
,Recommended,263280,11555557,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Pakmanious,"Love this game, it's something different and looking forward to DLCs/expansions.Best part:The almost meditative nature of the gameplay, at first it's tricky to get the hang of and then it just comes naturally.Worst part:Need more things to do! And a more accurate damage system.I'm sure the devs know what needs to be done and are sorting the studio out since this game has been an absolute explosion."
76561198027583508,Recommended,263280,11568186,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Apone,Best offroading sim.
76561198070269043,Recommended,263280,11571866,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,59718098,best offroad game ever! just wish it has more cars and maps.
76561198092239431,Recommended,263280,11583421,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,parajared,"The PREMIER oh sh#@ I’m stuck in the mud simulator.-I fixed a problem where you can’t bind the winch button (which you will use a lot) to the gamepad using a program called xpadder-I fixed a problem where you can’t save your game then try another map. I used the spintires launcher modThis game is fun because of the risk/reward associated with trying to haul as much lumber at once as you can possibly muster without getting stuck. You can use different types of equipment to get the job done and your tires cut deep ruts in the soil making the easy route the hard route after a few passes.This game has some problems, the camera is terrible, the rocks are just plain silly because they will get nudged into and get launched 50 feet into the air or sit there and dance, the mud should be thicker/more challenging in the mud puddles and water logged sections of the road, the fuel tanker should be able to be fueled up at the garage, there should be concrete in front of the garage as the frequent trips means this area gets torn up, and I think instead of earning achievement points you should be earning cash to buy new trucks, attachments, garages and pay tow truck fees. The developers put a really cool crane in the game, but it's only really useful for retrieving toppled logs. I was really hoping to use the thing to do a mission where you build a bridge or something.All in all it’s a really solid game and even as a guy who is not really all that into mudding per se I am having a blast playing spintires."
,Recommended,263280,11704386,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,matias,"Nice game, they should add more cars & maps tho"
,Recommended,263280,11707659,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,HeWhoDies,"This  game is frustrating, but in a fun - hard to stop once you start - way. Recommend it to anyone who enjoys just driving or completing simple yet difficult tasks. That mud will get you."
,Recommended,263280,11735766,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Δtriangle,I find myself crashing a lot simply because I get hypnotized by how good the graphics are and am too busy watching the mud. Thank God for winching.
,Recommended,263280,11507103,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Squash625,Its really cool and would be better with friends!
76561198037823709,Recommended,263280,11510029,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,turboslav,best game eu
76561197993473943,Recommended,263280,11510175,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,broozar,"So much more fun than any trucking simulator has any right to be. The graphics are stunning, the physics amazing and the gameplay challenging. The only 2 gripes I have with this are the missing driver seat view and the atrocious chase camera. But it's nothing you can't live with."
76561198098407155,Recommended,263280,19574641,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,bbikerjob,Game rocks and is getting better all the time with mod. Cant wait for the map editor to come and get some custom maps.
76561198255972363,Recommended,263280,19573920,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ford52515,i think its a great game would love to see new maps and trucks i love the russian type trucks but i love the real looking pick ups jeeps and crawlers
,Recommended,263280,19575945,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,YA BOI MOSQUITO,"This is a really fun game, the graphics are nicely done and the physics are highly realistic.  This is the type of off-roading/open world vehicular gameplay I've been looking for for years.  Spintires won't disappoint you and will keep you busy for hours at a time. I am however looking forward to the possible addition of tractors to help smooth muddy roads I've ruined with huge trucks lol."
76561197993358731,Recommended,263280,19632956,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,TheNeilJ,"I delayed buying this game for months as I thought that I wouldn't like it, however after watching a friend play it, I regretted waiting so long to get it! Amazing game, a lot of depth along with a high level of realism involved, especially with the physics.  The only thing lacking in my opinion are more maps, although the laps are limited in a singel player play through I was averaging around about 2 hours per map to complete... That plus a few failed attempts makes it not a quick game to complete. Very enjoyable, don't do what I did... Buy it NOW!"
,Recommended,263280,19675002,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,James,"This game is great if you like driving arounnd an open world with some mud. If you like driving fast, try another game."
76561198263464713,Recommended,263280,19673058,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,thwy2004,soooo goood
,Recommended,263280,19657995,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,No4hOG,Could use some multiplayer work but all round great game
,Recommended,263280,19672469,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,NC.Reem,"best value for money game,with hundreds of hours of gameplay and steam workshop its hard to pass this offer at $25"
76561198110600888,Recommended,263280,19667457,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Zack Moggy,omg this game has to be one of my favorite games i just love it thanks so much can anyone recommend similer games like this?
76561198137697794,Recommended,263280,19807470,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Tempest,yes
76561197974210670,Recommended,263280,19791824,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,mahoodlum,"It's like Euro Truck 2 Simulator in mud....Lots and lots of mud.  If you've ever ""off-roaded"" you'll appreciate some of the mechanics in here.  This review is for build 16.12.15Pros -- Fun in mud.  Slightly less fun than watching mud wrestling, but fun nevertheless- Physics Mechanics seem alright so far - lots of mud = slow; truck capabilities differ- Achievements - THIS is how you show you have ACHIEVED something... Nicely done. (and by god you'll feel like you achieved it...)- Excellent modding community.Cons -- The camera utterly sucks - you can't move it where you want to. You can't easily see what you want to see when moving and It flips randomly over the vehicle.- Controls.  What controls?  When in a garage, getting the right menu up seems hit and miss (and when refueling, and when loading logs, and when unloading logs) This needs work mr Developer.- The whole premis needs better explanation - the manual does not seem to be up to date with the current version; How do you actually load logs? what equipment do you need? how exactly do you unload logs? This game needs a bit more to help casual gamers through a potentially STEEP learning curve.  I've played 10 or so hours and not even scratched it - but 5 of those hours have been needlessly FRUSTRATING.....TL;DRWorth it if you want to get imersed into it and think you might do so.  Don't forget, despite the appearances of shallowness to the games, there's quite a lot to get immersed into (mud, lakes etc) - for casual gamers however, it's quite frustrating given the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor controls, poor camera and lack of real tutorial / outdated videos on youtube that don't really explain the what and more importantly the how.  If you can work your way through these issues without ragequitting, it's a highly entertaining game.Nevertheless, a pretty fun game driving slowly through mud carrying trees. PROVIDED the idea of driving slowly through mud carrying trees appeals to you, otherwise get your ""thrills"" elsewhere.......Thanks :)"
76561198197707022,Recommended,263280,19822774,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Starboost,"Spintires is a great game. The only thing that I don't like about it, is the fact that who i the hell shifts on a muddy hill. If it was me, i would get as much speed as possible to just zoom up the hill, But whatever still a good game."
76561197999415719,Recommended,263280,13138156,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Leapord,amazing
,Recommended,263280,13140092,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,omony,"A nice game for multiplayer. Cooperate with friends to deliver logs from one place to another (2-4 players). You may drive a log-delivery vechile, repair vechile, fuel vechile or ""garage point"" vechile. All these possibilites may change the tactics you choose. It is not that simple as you may expect since vechiles could really stuck in mud, fall, sink in the river, get brocken (all these things happen to us several times in 3 hours).The game runs smoothly (I faced one single critical bag during first run - and no bags futher). Pretty beuatiful and relaxing. However there are several minors in the game:- Few maps. I hope there would be more, including shorter onces. These huge maps are too long for a casual multiplayer game.- The single task you have is to deliver logs. Not a simple one, still.. I hope develpers would add more tasks like delivering different items, collecting or searching for something on the map (space mission?), basic crafting like building a bridge, delivering raw materials to the factory and delivering final goods back, mining, searching for gold, ore, oil, transportation of people - this engine allows to create a really good game.- The mods (lots of vechiles) do not support Steam workshop and in-game setup.So you would not play this game really often (if you are not a truck maniac). The gameplay is polished, still, it is poor."
76561197962786498,Recommended,263280,13140637,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kolster,"I absolutely love this game. It's so much fun to watch the trucks plow through the mud while black puffs of smoke are coming out of the exhaust. The gameplay is simple, but fun if you're into simulation-style games.I bought this while on sale, and I wll say that the game is well worth the 8.49€ but perhaps not the regular €24.99."
76561198007204489,Recommended,263280,12998663,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Ace,Really good game I recomend to all
,Recommended,263280,12975639,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Pr0Wolf29,"Getting Stuck in the Mud Simulator 2014. But really, it's a nice driving/puzzle game. There's a lot strategy invlovled, as far as finding vehicles and cloaking locations, planning routes, planning fuel usage, and other such things. It has a lot of ""edge of your seat"" moments when you're trying to get unstuck. Very fun."
76561198126586080,Recommended,263280,12976729,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Captinteddy,IT IS THE BOMB DIGIDY DONG
,Recommended,263280,12976795,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Clint Eastwood,"Now i've never played a game that simulates terrain Physics like this, or a game that has you moving logs etc. with trucks period, but this game has lots of potential. if you aren't a farming simulator kind of guy, and you rather drive around doing something productive all the while having a challenge, buy this. this game has some mod support, but it is fun in it's self. the game is currently in one of those early release-type phases like DayZ, but this game is constantly being worked on by the Devs and such, and with every update, comes brand new and wonderful changes. its worth the $30 guys, i guarentee it."
,Recommended,263280,13149284,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Griffith,Its has a very realistic approach. If you like offroading you should definetly give it a try.
,Recommended,263280,13149567,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,CzaO ✌乡,"Toooooooop ! Divertido demaaaaaaais, principalmente multplayer com os amigos"
76561198058614571,Recommended,263280,13154611,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,OSD,Fun until you get stuck in the mud.Unless you have a mud fettish.Then it's always fun.Stay dirty my friends
,Recommended,263280,13155657,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,TheVeteranGamer,"i once had a 50 ton truck, who i called big D**k, long story short big D**k never got stuck and was always over coming even the most crazy challenges."
76561198036905164,Recommended,263280,11076016,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Tiber Septim,"To all my bretheren out there and in here. If you have seen the advertisments for ""SPINTIRES"" and are considering investing in this game but not sure about spending your hard-earned $'s on a game that you're not sure if it's going to be a LEMON, or a SMASH-HIT. Just consider this. If you like simulation games or realistic driving games, this one is for you. I was really suprised at the level of detail in this game. The detail of the vehicles, and the muddy roads that have been rutted out by HEAVY MACHINERY is just awesome. And when you see trees snap at the ground, ruts cut into the soupy swamps, and mud accumulate on your tires and then seeing Rooster-Tails sling off your tires, or you just bury the truck that you're in up to the fenders. NOW YOU KNOW YOU'RE IN FOR A RIDE!!! The game seems simple enough, select your vehicle, your options for said vehicle, and you take off. Scout the flooded swamps for fuel stations or logging camps. Reach certain areas to unlock ""CLOAKS"" on your map. Put it in 4 low, set your differetial lock and slog your way to the top of the hill. Or if your in The 6X6 Kraz/Ural Soviet all Terrain Vehicle, attach the added fuel cistern and go for the long haul and refuel the trucks you've located. Got one of 'em stuck, hook on to it and whinch it out with The 8X8 Maz (BEAST) with the utility winch. Or you can tie off to a tree or a stump and winch out. That's if the tree you're tied to dosen't snap. This is a game for ""Good 'Ole Boys"" and ""LadyRednecks"" and those that love to Get Dirty!!! Try it out, because you're gonna have one HELL OF A GOOD TIME!!!. I know I did. The game isn't perfect by anymeans, but it is worth every $ I spent.Mods are available, but not in the ""Workshop"". That's really the only downfall for me. Manual installation is just a little more time consuming and convenient. So in conclusion this is a game that I will continue to play for a long time. As long as it will run on my PC, I'm as happy as a pin in SHXT"
76561198105794786,Recommended,263280,11733504,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Moist Melons,"If you have the money to spend get this game it is fun but gets old fast, this game just needs first person view and maybe snow and ice climates. All in all i like this game get it if you can afford it"
,Recommended,263280,12991209,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,AppleNoonga,excellent game
76561198072004384,Recommended,263280,12991587,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,mango,this game is the best off road game i have played by far. But my logitech G27 stearing wheel and the brake comes on when i take my foot off the throutle and i don't think it should because it makes it harder to change gears. Can you guys fix that at all it would be verry helpfull.
76561198115631990,Recommended,263280,12992043,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,luciozorte,Really enjoyable. Gives a strange satisfaction to deliver the cargo.Very nice fisics and graphics.
,Recommended,263280,12965424,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ultralight,"i must say that this game is good to get into and is a lot of fun, especially in multiplayer where people repair you or pull you out.Just driving around with these massive vehicles is alot of fun 10/10"
,Recommended,263280,12972216,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Shazzerack,"I love it. Its fun, it looks beautiful. The only thing that is missing is the point. You deliver logs. Thats the point. I wish there were objectives like, getting another truck unstuck, or hauling various other logging machinery to an objective. It is difficult, which is awesome, but I think it would be even more awesome if you could level up, and upgrade your trucks and things like that. I think that it would also be neat if there was a first person option.tl;drIt looks great.I love it.Wish you could customize your truckVaried objectives would be nice."
76561197961270513,Recommended,263280,13184769,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Lord_Bolter,this game is awesome in multiplayer  i love it
76561197969501587,Recommended,263280,13185912,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,BorisTheBulletDodger,"Old school type of sim game. Very detailed soviet vehicles and mud tracks/roads that degrade with use.Quite hard to achieve objectives even in ""casual mode"" and this game is not for the arcade lovers :)"
,Recommended,263280,11005431,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,DanaRedfield,"Digging in the Dirt, i like this Game. It's not easy to drive through the mud, but with some practice, i was getting better."
76561198075166481,Recommended,263280,12573801,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Michael_Zixx,"This is a very good game, the only thing is that there is only one type of objective. hauling lumber, it would be nice to see some more in depth stuff, like the ability to actually cut trees down and make a path."
,Recommended,263280,11094133,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,duddly25,"Great game, really wish there was a 1st person in-cab camer though."
76561197978436274,Recommended,263280,11095524,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Crush,"This game is an absolute marvel, not only to look at, but the physics as well.  The tires deform over the rocks, mud snowballs on them too.  The way the machines react to the terrain or how the trees bend, awesome.Wonder if we could see loaders. skidders, excavators somewhere down the line :)...that would be awesome, thought i'd mention"
76561197976481378,Recommended,263280,11225884,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,PaNdA HuNtEr,This game is awesome!!! You get to haul lumber in Russia in the mud!!!
,Recommended,263280,11226608,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Bexar,"Really fun game - did not expect that.It's about medium difficulty to jump straight in to. After getting frustrated and stuck, you being to experiment with the controls and feel of the game. By and large the game is definitely something that is learned through mistakes and experience.The multiplayer aspect is mega cool, but the devs really need to work on the details such as in game chat and voice communication. It's still a ton of fun, especially with friends.Overall, it's worth the price for now. I hope the devs continue to support and tweak the game, as it's fun for hours on end.Recommend this game if you like challenges, trucks in general, mudding, or just want a change in games.Pros:Easy to play once you get the hang of itQuick download and load upSingle player and multiplayer optionsI see good things coming from this game in the futureExtremely unique gameplayDevs show willingness to listen to the communityGreat looking graphicsCons:Multiplayer needs to be refinedOnly about 5 maps to complete at this time"
76561198020830422,Recommended,263280,11229072,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Bring The Rain,like the game. Want more trucks. The only problem i have is when the loby leader leavs then you have to exit the game. It wont allow you to leave the loby.
,Recommended,263280,11229694,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Lemmingski,"I have a strange fetish for things that do a good job of simulating the outlandishly mundane.... if that makes sense.  The comparison I would draw is Viscera Cleanup Detail.  That and Spintires are games I am happy exist, and will spend many hours enrapt in.  Screw grammar!"
76561198141717540,Recommended,263280,11230174,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Matt,"I saw this game last year and I didn't think much about it and didn't think it would amount to anything. Hand on heart, I am 99% of the time correct and, happily this time, i was wrong. It is such a good game and I spend hours playing everyday and would happilu reccommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,263280,11231086,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,sealMcBEIL,"mad game bro, MAD ♥♥♥♥IN GAME ENIT !!!!!!"
76561198127955535,Recommended,263280,11231519,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Death wish,"i love this game!!! the grafics are great. there are some little bugs but thats normal. multiplayer is also great, you can make your own server and invite your friends to join and make a convooi. or you can do it all by yourself.LOVE IT"
76561197998453578,Not Recommended,263280,11231816,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Muso,"The idea was good, but the execution fails in my book. Sure its fun to explore and get a bit stuck and then free yourself, but every 5 mins you try go somewhere and you get stuck, then you get bogged, and you can't winch out and you have to reset...I am sure there are safe paths but how boring is that? I think they made it too difficult to roam about at the moment and generally this is not really a simulator as it is un realistic. As I said the idea is good, the physics for the ground getting churned up etc is very clever, but as a game I think it fails. I do regret spending money on this, I wish there was a demo because that would have given me enough of the whole game content to say 'wow clever here and nice looking there' and thats it.I do encourage further development though and I think if this ever were to be the kind of game people love, I think some more 'game play' needs to be thought through and less clever physics focus."
,Recommended,263280,11217398,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,GiantsCheated,"I can't really put into words why this game is so great. It just is.  The concept seems simplistic and repetitive; explore the map, find vehicles, unlock garages, get lumber, deliver lumber.  However its easier than it sounds as the challenge is actually doing all that when your 8 wheel drive vehicle is buried halfway deep in mud and your winch cable can't reach any anchor points.  Rescue your stuck vehicle to a garage of send another vehicle(s) to try and rescue it?  For me the challenge is to never have a vehicle rescued to the garage.  Stuck? Pull it out with another vehicle. Out of gas? Find a fuel truck and deliver some.  Extensively damaged and not drivable? Send a repair truck.  Just hope they don't get stuck too and make sure you know how deep that ""puddle"" is before you attempt to drive through it or how deep that river is before you attempt to ford it!If you like driving games you may or may not love this game.  It's not fast paced, it's pretty slow and methodical but there is a lot of strategy involved and patience is definitely a virtue here.  The world is permanently damageable so if you dig up big ruts in the road and knock down trees you better believe it'll be the exact same way when you drive through there again hours later.  You'll know pain when you drive clear across the entire map with 6 loads of lumber only to tip the trailer and lose all of it only meters from your destination.  Yet somehow, turning around and getting more lumber to try it all over again, as frustrating as it may be, is a welcome turn of events."
76561197964684691,Recommended,263280,11483623,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,wT,Nice!
,Recommended,263280,11487056,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,D-EMERALD,Game is awesome
,Recommended,263280,11487843,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,fueledpassion109,"The view needs help... The ""camera work"" will test your patience to a whole new level. Overall game is very fun, quite addicting.You can NOT configure multi button mouse for faster control, which is not a big deal since there are not alot of controls but still would be nice someday. the only reason I quit out of the game is the view, it is honestly the most horrendous view system known to the gaming world.  I will continue to play SPINTIRES, but will hope for View update."
76561198102011914,Recommended,263280,11425216,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[270]Derplax,This game is amazing!  The best game I have EVER played! great job guys...
76561198064624605,Recommended,263280,11464184,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,mrgoodbytes42,Its a fun game but the slow updates and tiny team behind the game makes me worry about the future of the game.
76561198141108290,Recommended,263280,11466691,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,bcartmilldrift,how do i install mods
,Recommended,263280,11466770,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Tight Backhand,"8/10Good:-Physics-Real Time Multiplayer-Lots of different situationsImprovments:-Camera Angle (cockpit view, behind vehicle and upwards, etc...)-Larger Maps and larger lobbies in larger maps-New Maps ie. Bayou, Artic, Mountain, Swamp etc..-New log sites, they all look the same-Maybe a random map generator?-More vehicles (duhh)-New mode harder than hardcore? Maybe Extreme Simulation? Longer Mission time? Hour long missions?Fun Game 8/10"
,Recommended,263280,11299383,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Bob_da_builder,Great game. love it
,Not Recommended,263280,11299688,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Marlin,I downloaded it run and then it said preparing to launch.... and would close and start close and start! VERY VERY VERY FRUSTRATED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197970293231,Recommended,263280,11233521,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Krodge,What this game really needs is a map where you get to play as Roy Scheider transporting nitroglycerin through a South American jungle to an oil well.
76561198109619480,Recommended,263280,11172282,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Creepy Cooter,BUY THIS
76561198039224296,Recommended,263280,11177141,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Jake6795,"I love this game so far.  It's surprisingly addicting.  It has cool physics and gives a great challenge in my opinion!  It kind of reminds me of Cabala's 4x4 Off-Road Adventure from way back when, but quite a bit better and with big vehicles instead of pick-up strucks and SUVs.  It has a slight learning curve but it isn't too bad.  It would be cool to see a few more vehicles on here although it does have a decent selection.  I would give it a 7.5 or 8 out of 10!"
76561198057553704,Recommended,263280,11179070,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,CHRIS(UK),"Amazing game,no regrets getting it and it is worth every penny :)"
76561198127312833,Recommended,263280,14822747,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,jlewis1440,Great Game. Lots of mods i was able to download all of my wranglers and use them in place of original cars. I have more fun just driving around than doing the missions. Still havent played online but i need to since you can use mods online now
76561198108041815,Recommended,263280,14857814,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Jake_570,Honestly Spintires is worth the money. It's a wonderful offroad mudding delivery open world simulation. i cant wait for in cab cameras but its honestly the best driving game ive ever had.
76561197976247375,Not Recommended,263280,14858675,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Giuseppe,"Great idea. Very interesting and tough to play. Physics are great. Trucks are awesome. The nature is exact (I was born in similar area). Thanks for authentic blue moss. Flood map is awesome.Awfull treatment from the develpers. My saved games got wiped out a few times. New update added stupid camera above the trruck. Instead FIX THE DAMNED saved games!!! I lost my money, they lost me as customer. I do not want any third party crippled solution, just a normal in-game saving interface. Clearly, there was nobody to test the game before the release. Very sad."
,Recommended,263280,11747324,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,SpicySweet,"Strangely and surprisingly addictive!I had been watching videos on Youtube about this game for a couple days, namely the Yogscast mini-series with Sips and Simon during the Trucking Tuesday episodes.This game is a blast!Just like my dad told me when I was a kid, ""If you get stuck in a 4wheel-drive, you're really stuck!"""
,Recommended,263280,14666436,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,^4XxPREDATORxX_B,this game is amazing all aroundi rate 10000000000000000/10defintily would play all the time if i could.
76561198154497341,Recommended,263280,14666533,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,JandJguss,"First, like many others suggested, try the demo first!Also watch some gameplay on broadcast or other similar places.This will not be a game that everyone enjoys.The concept is very simple: Take logs from point A to point B. But you can spend hours doing just one map and playing through it again is a whole new experience. With 15 hours gameplay, I have done only two maps, that's more game time than many other games!The game is never boring, even though all you are doing is transporting logs. Anything can happen, a little distraction and your truck is stuck, or submerged in the river, or you flipped it on it's side, or just out of fuel. Additional challenges will pile up as you play.I had my eye on this one for quite some time and it did not disappoint.Great game!"
76561198050339025,Recommended,263280,10881684,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,CPT_BLACKBURN,The best game ever
76561198084709808,Recommended,263280,10882180,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TheGreatEagle__,This game is most injoyable with the diffant car/trucks
,Recommended,263280,11591500,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Spooky-cornhub.com.,Brilliant game! Great graphics and physics. The only thing I could fault is I cant MOD The gamebut the game is one of my favourite gamse on steam
76561198142978590,Recommended,263280,11594117,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Blockmasterops,i like it but we need more vehicles it got dry and barley play it make dlc soon
,Recommended,263280,11745781,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Gurry,NOT WORTH 30 bucks wait for it to go on sale
76561198068864008,Recommended,263280,11772684,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,"""The Road""",I love this game 13/15
,Recommended,263280,11768855,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,kevin,friggin' amazing
76561198099782707,Recommended,263280,11841223,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Spartan_1A07,this game is amazing it has great graphics and animation its is worth the money and the wait
,Recommended,263280,11841750,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Steve Christ,DIS GAME IS DRYVIN FUNZ
,Recommended,263280,11842155,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Cheeky Headshot,This game is really fun and really good quality for only being released in June 2014!! BUY THIS GAME!!!
,Recommended,263280,11561230,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,SzTimo,"Amazing what one dev can create. I love this game and its fun to play with my friends. This game has a great future. I support any indy game. Good for you buddy, good job."
,Recommended,263280,11562443,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Phantom,Something about crawling through mud at 2 kph in a truck full of logs is strangely satisfying. I somehow can't stop playing but I don't know why.
76561198021747401,Recommended,263280,11674904,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,[DD] Duff,"Awsome game , i wasnt expecting anything this good when i purchased it .. its so addictive  10/10"
76561198148412793,Recommended,263280,11676641,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Jimmypop,***Literally the best game ever***who thought getting stuck could be so much fun :D
76561197991756476,Recommended,263280,11680475,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,HittyHitman,"Spintires is a hilariously frustrating driving game. No game is ever the same and you always will encounter a different problem. Getting stuck in the mud, taking damage from hitting trees, and getting unstuck with the winch are some of the daily occurrences you will run into. I love this game, even if it sometimes makes me angry."
,Recommended,263280,11556416,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Tiger Bazooka,"Multiplayer game kicked me out, could not rejoin my partner's game but other games were available. It would be nice if this game allowed rejoining of servers."
76561198080006184,Recommended,263280,11815347,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,KiteRider,This is def a niche game. If you don't enjoy simulation games then you probably won't enjoy this one. I really enjoy this game and will continue to play it.Pros.Awesome graphics and details of the game. The trucks looks and sound amazing. When you get enough people on the map it is a lot of fun. You can only have 4 total. It is a slow game but still fun. It takes a little bit of skill to drive the trucks. People were commenting saying how they got their trucks stuck all the time. If you don't use the right truck or you try and go to far off the path you will get stuck. With a little bit of effort and some manuvering and/or wenching you can get yourself out. Def recommend the game to people who like this stuff.Cons.Some how everywhere in Russia is a giant mud hole. I understand that is one of the points of the game but it is frustrating when you drive over one patch of hard ground and then later on you drive over the same patch of hard ground and it is now a giant mud hole that you get stuck in. I do enjoy gettin unstuck but it is frustrating when you previously thought it wasn't a huge mud hole. When you beat a map on single player nothing is saved. If you want to go back to play it you have to unlock everything again. I enjoy single player and some maps more than others and having to unlock everything again is frustrating.Overall I really do enjoy this game. I hope that the devs make it so that the single player saves the unlock and that the mud holes don't just randomly appear.
76561198119613692,Recommended,263280,11815777,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Joe Dirt,The best Russian Logging Sim in the world
76561198148511239,Recommended,263280,11832201,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,samxproskils,eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
,Recommended,263280,10980349,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Edds,"Not a whole lot of hours on this game yet, but I'll say straight off the bat that this is one of the better driving simulations I've come across recently.Points I liked:+ Large Maps and quite a few to choose from+ large choice of interesting russian vehicles* Which are also highly costumizable+ Very pleasing graphics+ A convincing physics engine+ Multiplayer! Yay!Points I didn't like:- Certain mechanical systems are a bit glitchy (log trailer, crane)- No time acceleration choice (I find the game runs too fast, time wise)- Camera system is a bit dodgy, especially on bigger rigs. Would like to see it a bit different.- No 1st person view (yet)- No wheel support. I so badly want to try my g25 on this without the need for emulators!All in all above points are points I think can still be changed and for anyone that enjoys offroad driving, and big russian trucks this simulator is for you.As far as my judgement goes, this simulator is worth your while!"
,Recommended,263280,10980658,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Matumbu,"While I am marking this review as ""Recommended"", I want to say that it is NOT for every one.I recommend this game for people that like slow paced games, strategic thinking and in-game physics, because that is all you will get. If you expect action, history, carrer mode, etc, this is not for you.In this game your objective is to deviler wood logs from point A to point B. That's it. It may sound boring, but it is not. The challenge is choosing the right truck for the job, planning the best route and trying not to get stuck on mud. If you get stuck, you can use your truck's winch to pull itself out or bring another truck to help. If you flip your truck over, you can use a crane to collect the logs from the ground and repack your cargo to continue the journey.There are currently 5 maps to choose from and 7 different trucks. In my opinion there should be more content for the price asked, but the DEVs are working on adding more content.If you want to try how the game plays before buying it, there is a free Tech Demo available on the developer's website. I recommend doing that."
,Recommended,263280,10981078,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,[DURP]Zabulon,Loads of fun!!! Highly Recommended!
,Recommended,263280,10982198,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Squeeky,great game if u want a laugh with mate its not one of those that u can play by urself cuz it will get very boring very Quickly.. not much to a good time waster
76561197997420609,Recommended,263280,10982239,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sean memester,i love spin tiers beacaue it help u somewhat klearn how to drive and also see how wieght and mass volume effects your truck :)
,Recommended,263280,11820377,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Leopold,Soviet labor has never been more addictive.
76561198150457762,Recommended,263280,11824165,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,luigi11581,really fun
76561198073177948,Recommended,263280,11824092,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,JZRNinjazz,amazing graphics but unfinished. NO SAVES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! offroading graphics are amazing so its worth the money. vehicles could have more POWER.
76561198147029339,Recommended,263280,14954788,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Agent_Charlie,really good game. Lots of fun to be had with friends. Needs to be in the workshop so that mods are easy to install. Overall good fun if you like getting your truck in some mud.
76561198070159955,Recommended,263280,15120971,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Twisted,"Great game need more players though, would be fun to play with allot of people"
,Recommended,263280,15123244,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,sb-vladmir,but i dont now how to have a mode
76561198052037098,Not Recommended,263280,14928394,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ChaoticLiquids,"Not what I had hoped, very disappoited."
76561198044166536,Recommended,263280,14926849,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Masterturtle10,I really like this game but the thing that realy shuld be added is a workshop for maps and for vehichle. Otherwise i think that this game is a realy good game.
,Recommended,263280,14500504,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,NIKO,"This is a good game with two major flaws,  the camera angles... no matter what you do with the camera the game will give you the view it feels like showing you.secondly the controls.....the people that decided on these exact controls were obviously on serious hard drugs....this is the only game were i had to watch a video on how to play....very stupid controls.this would be a 10/10 game if...I could change the controls to what i wanted, like in nearly every other game out there and,If the camera angles were fixed/made so they are useable.the camera just does not stay where you put it, plus there isnt really an angle that is any good.please spintires sort the keybinding and give me a decent camera angle.. you know..in car/ just above car...not just off to the side where i  carnt see..."
76561198169969327,Recommended,263280,15087180,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,shoking0764,great 4x4 game to test your skills at driving.
,Recommended,263280,14977663,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,lrmthebossofboss,the best game for me
,Recommended,263280,14980398,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Back On My Bullshit-onion,"If you like driving games this is good, realistic & boring as ♥♥♥♥."
76561198184570687,Recommended,263280,14894240,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,scarletkobradye,"i would recommend and have recommended this game. the only down side is the save files dont always save and on steam you cant use mods, like cars and maps on steam."
76561198069229301,Recommended,263280,14980984,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,zxach,One the better off road games I've played
