user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,263200,8872110,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,QuadroNips,"I've seen the game about on the web for a while and decided to buy it purely because of my love for games such as Starbound and Terraria.I was not disappointed.SoL doesn't feel nearly as expansive as Starbound (Which i will try to avoid comparing it to, though the two are very similiar so this will be hard) however what it lacks in explorable planets and the like it seems to make up for in crafting content and the amount fo materials you can collect.One handy little tool that you have when starting SoL is the HTWLT or Hight-tech-wrist-laser-thingy (I'm almost 100% certain this isn't what it's actualy called), which functions as all the basic tools you need to start out: pickaxe/axe, flashlight, map, object grabber and a lovely home for the AI companion that accompanies the player and provides a few tips. One thing worth mentioning is that your character won't actively pick up any objects you mine or get from a kill, this has to be done manually, an action that is default bound to the middle mouse button. In my opinion this is a good thing, as it means that your inventory doesn't have to get clogged up by dirt blocks being hoovered up by your player's legs. Unless you want it to. Weirdo.Whilst I haven't amassed a huge number of hours on SoL (yet), it feels far more realistic in some of the systems that it has, for example your inventory. In games like Terraria or Starbound, you have a grid based inventory where every item is stored in a 'slot', in SoL however you simply have a backpack in which everything you pick up is thrown, which leaves in up to you to jig it about and make it organised.The combat also feels vastly different and improved from similiar games, as the player is able to attack in a full 360 degree circle and left clicking will perform a slash attack whilst right clicking will perform a thrusting attack. You will also find that different melee weapons have different effective ranges and that they all feel weighty and satisfying to use. The bow (I haven't tried any other ranged weapons yet) also feels just as satisfying, almost as satisfying as watching a sheep run in fear as the first arrow hits their backside.The crafting is pretty similiar to any other game, with one key difference: you can actually take things apart and use their pieces in other recipes. I can't really say much about the building side of the game as i've spent a vast majority of my time hunting chickens and cooking their flesh, though i still have no idea how to eat it (you do HAVE to eat in this game, in case you were wondering).Also, BACON.If there's one thing i'd have to pick on it would be the level of guidance for new players, some actions such as eating and destroying background blocks aren't covered in the few tips your AI companion gives you and I have yet to figure out how to do either of these things. Having said that, this is the first time the game has been playable by the public, so i'm sure the Devs will be adding more tutorials as the game progresses :)Overall SoL is definitely worth your time if you're a fan of similiar games as it feels familiar enough to not be daunting, yet it has quite a few nifty features that help it feel fresh and new. Please don't be put off by the people that say this is a Starbound clone or anything similiar, SoL has its own legs and it stands on them perfectly well.Great job Devs, keep up the good work :DEDIT: I figured out how to eat, you right click on the food and a stomach icon fills up, though the stomach icon was hidden behind the inventory screen so I had to drag that out the way. Still, BACON.EDIT: You can't destroy natural spawning background blocks at all, but you can place your own over them :) Oh and the HTWLT is actually called the 'Meg Tool'."
,Recommended,263200,13654987,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,fader48080,"""Controls are disgusting.the text is too small to read easily.and in general I am less then impressed""this was my initial take on this game but since I posted this the developer has asked me questions about my experiances and has been incredibly helpful. if a single man can take the time to do this why can't our AAA titles?"
76561197984600319,Recommended,263200,8939849,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Technosapien,"Yesterday I decided to purchase Signs of Life on a whim. I mean, at $8.00'ish dollars it's not a tough sell, really. I have to say that Signs of Life has impressed me greatly so far. I definitely LOVE the very colorful, beautifully crafted world, and already I can't get enough of this game.I loved discovering that I could bash stuff with a torch. I laughed when I found out that I could 'suck' an item towards me, and watch the item launch somewhere when I let off the 'suck' button too soon. I found that if I sucked up the Impaler Spikes and let the button off to quickly, it would actually impale me. Tell me that small pleasures are the sign of a small mind, but either way, sign me up. :) I love that the Pickaxe has a more realistic approach to swinging in a true arc than any other 2D miner, and using the right button gives you the ability to do the little tappy-tappy semi-swings that let you work in smaller areas. I am discovering silly little things all the time, and it's great!I own and play Starbound, Edge of Space, Terraria and Craft the World. As I've noticed, a lot of people are comparing this game to Starbound, so I'll work from that common perspective. So far me (and my kids) have put 142 hours into Starbound. But it's missing something. Perhaps there is just SO much randomness to everything in Starbound that it's difficult to identify with anything in it. My kids grew bored quickly with it, and I was trying to figure out why. It may have to do with dated graphics, which seem very washed out, but that's the art style they are going for and it doesn't bother me a whole lot, especially after growing up on ASCII games. The only thing I can speculate at, is that there is so much to do in Starbound, but not much reason to do anything. Hunting for food is a chore, and killing the 4-5 monster types on a planet gives me high marks on the yawn scale. And 'treasure chests' often go ignored because I know it's just gonna contain another Tier 1 weapon, or a copy of Tech I've already received 5 other times.Now with the few hours I've had with Signs of Life, everything is fascinating. I want to discover as many new things as possible to see what I can build. AGIS (Aegis?) has a low and wicked sense of humor for an AI, and the creatures of the world feel life-like. Chickens lay eggs (and even have the animation to prove it!). The bugs( insects) are so happy being in the game that they do flips. What more of an endorsement do you need?! The monsters begin to differ as you dig deeper into the world, and they get tougher too. Every time I stumble upon a new life-form, I think, ""What little surprises do you have for me to discover, my pretty?"" The only thing that truly rings false to me so far, is finding sheep and goats living down deep inside the supremely dark and oxygen deficient caves and caverns. Perhaps that is a bug that may be fixed later.Anyway, to sum up this extremely long post, Signs of Life has some serious promise, and for the few hours I've played it, it has been very enjoyable, fun, funny and I can't wait to put some more time into this game, to see what other simple pleasures I can discover in this beautifully rendered game.Keep up the great work!"
76561197999725847,Not Recommended,263200,32781220,Posted: 25 June,all,Nightwalker,"This is basically different spin on Starbound, with a slightly better interface, but much less that you can do game-wise, and zero replay value as the maps are static. If you had to choose between this and Starbound, get Starbound. Granted, the game is still early access, so maybe that'll change, but doubtful. Sure, there's a ship, but don't get your hopes up about doing anything with it (spoiler: you can't, you can just walk around inside and dig through peeps underware drawers and find their secret diaries).Unfortunately steam's rating system is merely yes/no. This kind of binary rating system is inherently flawed. Since I can't fully recommend the game over another it copied, I have to give it a thumbs down."
76561197969268136,Recommended,263200,8885757,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,finalatk,Video Review:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0UXFWStuysSigns of Life is a side scrolling exploration sand box.  The player explores the world and mines resources to craft new items.  Items range from armor and weapons to tools that aid in the crafting of new objects.  The exploration is great.  It's as fun and exciting as it can be in a 2d world.  The crafting is rewarding and the new equipment looks awesome as you equip it.  The gathering of blocks needs to be more stream line though and the fighting/motion is awkward.    If that gets fixed it will be a really fun game.  It's a decent value at less than $8.
,Recommended,263200,8931443,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,whythrowstuff,"My intial review was overly harsh, and lacked proper insight to be helpful. ( I was really wrong.) You should totally check this game out, Reason why below:Quick And Dirty:The game is a must play, it is superbly refreshing both visually and game play-wise to anything in the  survival miner adventure game arena.Full Disclosure:Like other games of the genre, your object is mostly to survive your harsh new world.  You mine ores craft armors and tools to your delight, and build yourself a home or fortress. That's about where the similarities end.The game has a Flash-like graphics look to it. Do not let this deter you at first sight, it's gorgeous. From the fire effects, to the smashing of eggs on enemies, to the felling of trees and leaves falling about you, the beauty and dare I say simplicity of it will draw you in. Did I mention you can light sheep on fire?I'm still not too big on the controls, a tad of a learning curve to them, mostly muscle memory though, so once you got it, you're good. But the actual movement of the player and and other mobs is really awesome and fluid. Like the ability to crouch, and still and attack and function normally allows you to build these small winding passages that your character fits through, but not for the deadly aliens looking for a meal.Oh you have this like AI-Guide like thing, that's farily whimsical. I would like to see/hear more from him. Kind of like your best friend, who's sole purpose is there to troll you, and revel in your misfortunes.The death mechanic(On death all items and equipment is dropped) is a little harsh in my opinion, and I would love to see hopefully an option for maybe like a casual and normal difficulty, and Normal being the game's default mechanic. That being said is does not take away from the fun, it further extends the dire situation your character has found themself in, and ensures a thrill to your mining runs, as there is no warp to surface or death port option, and forces players to more carefully evaluate mining situations with safety in mind, to ensuring a Spitter (Alien critter that spits some kind of corrosive acid at you, not good with children) can just drop in on you and wreck your party. Hell and if one does, time to test out them emergency protocols, otherwise known as Kill it, Kill it with Fire!So the game is definitely worth the pennies, if surviving on hostile planets is your thing, but another thing to mention as it's a sore spot for me with a lot of these Early Access Games. This was released end of January, like 27th or 28th, since that time there have already been 10 updates pushed to address everyone's concerns and feedback, and they are very active here on the Forums for developers.  Hell, typically the Nerd Rage rants go completely unanswered and just lost to the interwebs, yet within hours of my nasty review, I was contacted and nicely mind you to address my experience. Like I wasn't told to go complain about Early Access nonsense elsewhere, It was justa simple hey, you seem to be having trouble, let us know we'll get it fixed if it wasn't already updated."
,Recommended,263200,16731948,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,STORM,"I purchased this game after reading through the negative reviews and seeing the developer personally answer each.  That says alot about the interest the developer has to his player-base.  Thanks for that.  In terms of the game itself, it doesn't seem like much when you first see the online video and feels a little ""strange"" when first playing.  However, the game is carefully crafted and well designed.  What takes the most time is the controls.  But hit ESC and select ""Keybinds"" to see them all.  Also, the environment is wonderful.  I love the way each sprite is rendered.  It has a simple system for these sprites and focuses on the main goals of the game.  I love the amount of content.  Literally everything has a purpose.  The building mechanics are simple enough and well designed to give you exactly the immersion needed and nothing more.  Also, I LOVE that the games make no *elaborate* claims.  The game is exactly what the description promise.  Additionally, nothing ever feels monotone and the game lays out a well defined goal.  And, this game has no MODDING capabilities yet (still a work in progress).  This I LOVE!!  Because it means the developer actually built (is building) this game, not relying on his users to create new functionality or add new content."
,Not Recommended,263200,34042891,Posted: 5 August,all,azarel13,"Alright, so we have here Signs of Life. Same genre as Terraria and Starbound, but with similar elements trying to spin it off in different ways. The manipulator tool requires gem fragments to use better and better, which is a nice element. The background story is relatively decent enough, and it has been a fun game. Getting suprised by a giant robot chicken is always interesting, and it put up quite a fight. (The mech though..huh.) As long as this game has been around though, I normally would expect way more to keep me going.Its a tough call to recommend or not, but i'd honestly wait until more is added at this point, because the ""whys"" drop off tremendously after a time. There is basically no real reason to use a lot of things.-Why build bigger tiers of things?-Aside from the mech...why build better armor? Decent enough weapons..hell, Steel is basically the cutoff point.-There is no real endgame as far as i've been able to see. Terraria had all kinds of bosses and regular progression. Starbound had other worlds, and Crea had alternate universes and gateways. While Signs of Life has some nice POLISH to it, the substance is incredibly lacking. Not enough to demand a refund over, because ultimately it DOES play well, but its like going to a fine dining establishment and all they have to serve you is rolls. They look nice, smell nice, and taste great..but you didn't come for JUST the rolls.And that for me is what really kills it. It looks great, plays well, and the little tinker things are decent enough, but it doesn't ultimately deliver. It needs more content. It needs a reason to keep pushing. The devs need to play their game from the perspective of a player and ask themselves what makes this fun. Base defenses? Okay, but why would I take the time to really make them? What is there to defend from? (Nothing) New weapons? Um, okay..but is a new damage rating really all there is to fun? Granted I can keep killing things and that's nice. I can move deeper down, but even getting the Steel stuff..there is some hefty imbalance there and the difficulty to acquire the needed substance ramps up a bit much and a bit too deep. Objective..move on. Objective..move on. Ultimately, what I care about is...is the game fun? Past a certain point..it stops being fun. Its just a grind that drops off. Learn from other games in the genre, and add to this game. Give us a real challenge, not a time-enducing headache to get the next tier to dig deeper..to get the next tier.The game has been out a long while now. This kind of stuff aint gonna fly. Take notes on other games of the genre, again, as a player, and see what fun you can bring to the table to keep your players engaged. Fix that, and i'll be happy to change my review because I really would love to promote this game. I just can't especially given the time table to promote something that leaves a lot to be desired."
,Recommended,263200,17457867,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ant (Spearhead),"Summary: A solid engaging, and thoroughly enjoyable experience; definitely a purchase for anyone who enjoys games of Terraria’s kind. The complaints I have with this game are not too noticeably and will hopefully be fixed as it heads closer to completion.Long Review: At first glance it looks like another Terraria clone, which I’ve played but never hit off with. Signs of Life is similar in the aspect of Terraria, but possess a more serious theme with a heavy emphasis on exploration. The game is tough in the beginning due to the lack of a tutorial and new users might be deterred like I was at first. The only source of information was AGIS the AI which squats in your wrist device, and he is about as helpful as he is insensitive. Alright, I’m being a little harsh. He’s my only companion and I depend on him to discover crafting recipes. For that I can overlook his jabs and would-be-delight at my coming misfortunes. However I must put a negative on his dialogue. Some parts feel too much like no writing effort was made and instead was just words slapped together to convey the basic intention of his attitude. Tsk, tsk, shame on you developers.The graphics are pleasing; bright and vibrant. I enjoyed the design of the characters and environment. It has more realism than you would expect from this type of game; none of Terraria’s pixelated approach. A plus in my books.The crafting system made my brain twirl a bit in the beginning and AGIS being the help he is, only kept piling more recipes for my brain to work out, into my already flooded list. Though once you learn how the gears tick and get the basic tools up and running, it is bloody damn enjoyabe!The soundtrack I hardly noticed. So far the songs I’ve heard when I pay attention to it, fit the whole atmosphere quite well; Peaceful and lulling, perhaps too much so as it tends to flow in one ear and out the other. I actually heard more of Terraria’s music than I did here. The lack of combat oriented soundtracks for when you engage monsters makes me give this edge of the game a slight negative.The monsters are interesting and for the most part, well imagined and thought out. Some are the only source for certain crafting ingredients thereby forcing you into the dark reaches of the earth to hunt them down. I have my issues with their current behavior in combat. They can be a threat, especially in the early stages where you’re just learning to stand on your feet, but once you get decent gear, it is disappointing. They are also encountered sparsely, this makes it easier for new poorly equipped players, but subtracts the danger feel as you explore. However they do spawn in more numbers as you go deeper, but not enough to make you feel satisfied. The lack of types, numbers, and ease of which you can eliminate them as you get better gear subtracts from this aspect of the game. Now while I’m being a spoiled kid and bashing the hard work of the poor developers, let me just add that the lack of dangerous creatures above ground, apart from that one special chicken, is disappointing to me.Now onto the developers, the charming creators of this experience I am so enjoying. I’ve read a number of negative reviews and nearly each of them they have responded to with grace and factuality to the criticism and gripes people have of this game. They are also active on the Community Hub and welcoming to ideas. Get ready because I will hit you with a list of mine as well as issues. Ugh, when I’m actually energetic enough to write it out. Currently they are my second favorite, a big round of applause to them. Their involvement with the community was a factor in encouraging me to buy Signs of Life.Now the game has some lore which adds a nice touch. In a way it helps drive you on to discover the full story as you explore and craft. However it is currently lacking in content. Understandable since this is still early access, but please bear that fact in mind. Newcomers, if they are slow minded dimwits like me, can expect to have enough content to work through and learn the ropes for 24.8 hours before it gets dull. Progression till then is perfectly enjoyable if you’ve managed to work out how to proceed. Good news is that a tutorial is in the works. This will transform it into a smoother experience for rookies. However, currently there is only one world, or in Terraria terms, one biome. And that is the green lush forest grassland. I do hope more locations with varieties in animals and flora will be added later. Fingers crossed.Now that Signs of Life has had Co-op multiplayer added, it is even more fun. This game is another little gem lost in the swirling mass of titles being thrown into Steam since the Greenlight feature, and I find most of them to be very dreary. Don’t pass Signs of Life up if you are into the style. Perhaps genre would be a better term, but oh well.PS: It is a pity you don’t know how lazy I can be. That I managed to force myself to write a review of this game means it is worth having a gander at. Oh well, oh well. No one will believe me. That’s fine. I know myself. That’s good enough."
76561197998784855,Recommended,263200,13915721,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,ShMo,"EDIT: Review updated to acknowledge Update .9!TL;DR: Contains a lot of unique ideas for Early Access, but progression via trial-and-error is prevalent.Inevitably, Signs of Life is going to get compared to Minecraft, Terraria, Edge of Space and Starbound for being a sandbox game where you build up your shelter and arsenal from scratch. However it's got enough unique features and ideas for being Early Access that a $10 pricetag can be justified.Pros:-Developer(s) is/are responsive.-Many small details in the game. (hit detection and headshots, boots boost kicking damage, basic metallurgy, etc.)-Very clean and pleasing art style. (crisp detail in the foreground; soft detail in the background)-Armors aren't linearly better or worse. (i.e. damage reflection V.S. mobility V.S. energy regen)-Organization is very easy and convenient with crafting worktables, container placement and sets of material pouches.-Your wrist-attached ""MEG tool"" is versatile. (light, mapping, ore-scanning, mining, collecting,grappling hook) and convenient-Most enemies are exploitable in some way. (again, your MEG tool is versatile)-Achievement hunting is amusing.('Me Time')-Saving and exiting leaves you exactly where you were on that world and character.-ADDED as of July 27, 2017: the option to drop nothing on death is available.Neutrals:-Currently no intro/tutorial feature, but it's planned; once implemented, should help players with game progression.Partial fix: get a friend or check out the community hub.-Fairly strong ""grind"" factor (a love/hate relationship, I'm sure) comparable to Minecraft. Not as rough as it used to be, once you get your hands on mining upgrades.-The music isn't terrible, but it isn't terrific either. Probably a matter of personal taste on this one.-Inventory management is mandatory, you've got to check out your options ASAP.-The trailer's first 30 seconds, as of June 27, 2017, is somewhat misleading - though the developer(s) are definitely headed in that direction.Cons:-As of Jan 9, 2014, overall weak Wikia and Steam guide support, requiring players to figure most things out by themselves.3 years later it's definitely better now.-Locational progression is confusing at first.This has been improved upon!-No ""Trash Can"" slot to recover deleted items from, creating the potential to completely delete items by accident.FIXED!-Ranged options are weak and/or expensive until late-game.As of June 27, 2017, not anymore, even bullets are easy enough to craft.-No liquids in the world whatsoever.Still no water in the world as of June 27, 2017, but there's a buff describing a resistance to ""liquid poison"" so either I haven't found it by late-game or that's in preparation for liquids in a later update.-By default, font size is a little small and Auto Run isn't on.Tweak your settings to fix!-Some details are too small and require squinting at.After 3 years since my original review on January 9, 2014, I still recommendSigns Of Lifeas it boasts enough novel ideas, potential and active development that it's worth the $10 pricetag, or at least given a close eye for future updates."
76561198043366266,Not Recommended,263200,22882815,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,CueDash,"It's difficult to review this game as just positive or negative.  It's for times like this that we need a ""Mixed"" button.  I don't hate this game, nor do I love it.  I'll just judge it as whether or not I'd recommend it.  At this point in time, the answer is no, but it mainly comes down to your personal choice and willingness to wait for more content.*  I looked online to find out whether I should buy Signs of Life or Starbound.  Everywhere I looked, Signs of Life won in a landslide, saying it was more ""Signs of Life = Something an adult made.  Starbound = a 2 year olds plaything.""   What I actually saw in playing Signs of Life was more opposite than not, not that I'll go *that* far and say 2-year-olds created this.  However, a giant mech chicken?  That sounds like something out of old school DragonFable.  Also, the conrols are counter-intuitive and it needs controller support (or better mapping).  I think I was expecting more from this game.  Yes, it's in early access.  I'm happy to support a developer.  But to find out we can't even go off planet in this game?  It's a deal-breaker for me, at least at this point in time.  So I guess it boils down to: do you want a game where you can mine and build and explore buildings left by previous inhabitants but not talk to them?  Great!  Do you want to support a (judging by other reviews) helpful and attentive dev team?  Awesome!  But that's about all you can do.  Personally, I don't think I'll play this game until it gets something I can sink my teeth into.  I'm excited to find out what the devs will do with this game, though.  It has great potential.TL;DRProsInteresting story so farExtensive craftingNice character customizationAttentive dev teamGreat potentialConsCounter-intuitive controlsNo controller supportCan't go off planetShort storyGet it if you want to support a promising game, but as is, I can't recommend this game except to people who love sandboxes.*  I'm excited to see where it leads in the next few updates.*review subject to change"
76561198096556728,Recommended,263200,20003137,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Eldwen,"This is mostly a cut/paste from a feedback post I made on the discussion boards. Feel it has enough merit to share as a review. Hope you find this helpful:-Graphics: 10/10-Audio: 10/10-AGIS: Epic. (Your trollish landing pod A.I. that is hell bent on shaming you into accepting responsiblity for everything that isn't your fault. He/it is mostly helpful, but offers a great distraction to early game failures. Such as when you get murdered by space goats like a newb.)-Game Content: So WOW. Much YES. I watched the trailer, looked through the pictures. Hit up the youtubes for a few and still all of that didn't prepare me for the amount of fun and excitment to be had. I'm writing this, and then goiing back to playing I'm having so much damn fun. The ability to transfer my character between worlds is an amazing feature I've enjoyed in other titles, and I am very thankful to have it here too! (Replayability! 10/10)-UI: Responsive and extremly user friendly. Buttons do what you'd expect them to do. There are also some you didn't think you would need, but are thankful to have! (+10 for being able to move every window!)-Crafting System: Feels mostly balanced thus far and very easy to use.The right click to change to a sub crafted item makes this system flawless. No digging for a thing to craft a thing. Just click and AGIS is your uncle you have a new shiney. Little to no tab swapping for detailed crafts. Carry (most of) your crafting stations with you!? (Thats right, smelt ore while slaying aliens in the same mine shaft to craft more ammo to slay more aliens.) Perfect. 10/10-Inventory Management 100/10. (My inventory OCD is blown away by the work invested to keep my gear/mats/junk orginized and readily available. Bags, boxes, crates, furnature galore. Great work on this system!!!) (!!!!!)-Progression/pace: After playing titles that have similar systems I started with some understanding of how progressing would no doubt work. I wasn't wrong. Very fluid transition between armor sets. Almost never felt like I was grinding for anything. Just exploring for the underground stations passively gave me the materiels I needed for each upgrade to armor/tools/crafting stations. All while ENJOYING the game. Well done.The weapon progression did seem to be a bit lacking, but thats only because I refused to waste early mats on ammo and I thought the Leaf Sword was too damn cool looking to replace. Once Steel became an abundant item in my bags, the OP cave clearing began!(And then I built a Material Printer and learned how to farm for Power Cores. I own my planet now. All aliens have been served eviction notices and I am currently selling mining rights to intersted buyers/fellow crash landers. Alien slave labor packages available to serious investors.)Tons more to be experienced in this title that I haven't mentioned. Exploring and discovering those features will leave you feeling rewarded and 100% satisfied with your purchase even as an Early Access game. This belongs in your library.-Eld"
,Not Recommended,263200,12258372,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,LtKillPuppy,"Don't recommend.  Maybe it will get better as the EA progresses, but so far I found myself binge playing this game once then putting it down and never picking it back up again.Why?  Is it a bad game?  No.  But neither is a very engrossing game.  There really isn't much here that's new and unique.  It features a few small touches that are intriguing (such as the wearable holographic mini-map that must be filled in by manual scanning), but largely none of these made me really feel all that engaged.The art and presentation is fine, if bland.  Only real complaint I had was that the high-rez, high-saturation pixel art made it hard to figure out what is an actual user interface element and what are just little visual doodads that serve no purpose.   But you learn quickly enough what is clickable and what isn't, so it's not like it prevents you from playing the game.  It's just a style I don't particularly care for in a game.  (Starbound had the same issue, though it featured low-rez pixel art.)The trailer showed all kinds of nifty items, such as lasers, flying ships, etc.  But after seven hours of play, I had nothing to show for my time save the same standard progression of items that you find in these games.  I had yet to craft anything that was cool and exciting;  All I saw in my future was an ever-progressing grind.  Replacing my copper items with iron, and so on.  I'm sure I'd get flying laser ships eventually but the incentive isn't there for me to try, particularly when you die very far away from your spawn and must back-track quite a long way to recover your items -- Without even a marker to indicate where you died.  A lot of work for too little reward, IMHO.Crafting is okay, and like that it's implemented via a list.  (Though it's annoying that you cannot mass open or close categories.)I think this has signs of life (pun!) but for now I would recommend you wait."
76561198027874005,Recommended,263200,14355640,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,PavlovGW,"(Written during Version 0.45)Through making some poor choices, I've learned to be incredibly specious of Early Access games. I've purchased quite a few that have looked promising (and even WERE promising), only to find my initial investment squandered due to the developer(s) not following up on their initial design ideas, or, in two cases, all but abandoning their game completely.To add to that anecdote, I never caught the ""Minecraft bug."" I'm not very artistic, so the idea of an open world where you just GO did not appeal to me. Terraria approached the middle ground that I could see myself enjoying, but this...Signs of Life is my mecca.There are some very unique, well thought-out aspects of the game that really lend to helping it carve out its own identity in the mire of ""sandbox"" games that have been popping up as of late. From the clever M.E.G. tool that you use to collect resources, to the trial-and-error method of discovering new items to craft, Signs of Life very aptly toes the line between being accessible to the player and patronizing them.As you progress throughout the game, the developers have managed to create an atmosphere of discovery that is almost completely organic: the more you do and the more you explore, the more you will learn. That being said, there are a few aspects of the crafting system that aren't very intuitive (@Devs: perhaps a classification system for certain items could help new players to know what can and can't be used as fuel). This is, of course, where the Early Access part of the game comes in, and community involvement is a crucial part.The developers are, thankfully, not at all like those mentioned at the beginning of this review. I have seen developer responses within the *HOUR* of an issue becoming known on the forums, and that in and of itself is one damned impressive feat.IN CLOSING:+ Wonderful art design; color schemes are fantastic+ The soundtrack is haunting, hypnotizing, and cathartic+ Excellent flow in the crafting system, save for a few bumps here and there+ The world is alive and makes you naturally want to explore- Some clipping issues in the terrain (my head would get stuck in 99% of cases)- Dodge / roll mechanic can be bothersome when trying to make minute adjustments in positioning- Overlapping inventory system DRIVES ME ABSOLUTELY BANANA SANDWICH I WILL TYPE IN ALL CAPS FOR THIS- (This last point isn't a negative, but it is because I want more story, please.)For $10, you're making EXCELLENT use of your money."
76561198030374060,Recommended,263200,16464588,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nukealope,"This game is a side scroller.  A super deep, and very atmospheric side scroller, that let's you kill, build, and dig your way to complete domination of your little section of the world... which is pretty big, actually.The combat in this game isn't too engaging, although it can be pretty funny to kill a chicken with a rock.  Actually though, this game is more about finding and crafting the plans, metals and machinery to build a really cool laser rife to seriously kill that chicken... and anything else that comes your way.  Careful for the huge, metal, mechanical chicken that you may run into later on, though, as he'll probably be looking for some payback for all those dead chickens.This game will keep you guessing for some time, and you'll probably need some cheat help to get you moving along at times.   It will keep you entertained for hours, although the long term replay value may be a little lacking.  I played it for over 40 hours before losing interest.... so it was definetely worth the money to me."
76561198226152136,Recommended,263200,32035309,Posted: 28 May,all,Sector 17,"Great game well worth the buy even now, dedicated devs who listen to player feedback and ideas.  This is now my number one platform crafter on steam, used to be Darkout.If your looking for something better than terraria something with a bit more effort in detail sound and effects + story this is the one.- A huge ammount of crafting recipes which continues to grow- Build your own base even miles underground- Very active dev's with regular communication to the community- Game story and lore being added as updates rollout- Aliens? :p- Alot of creativity and thought put into many craftables- Can change ammo types on some weapons- Launchable craftable fireworks for when you just gotta have some fun- Many secrets to discover with a growing list as updates are added- Do you like chickens :p- Has multiplayer which works, possibly buggy but improvingI guarantee you'll still be playing after 2 hours if you enjoy platform crafters :p  This ones a no refund haha."
,Recommended,263200,15588965,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,[FSG] Apache49,"The Good:-Graphics and animations are gorgeous-Handheld multitool you start with feels like something a crashed ship survivor might actually have, high tech without being game-breaking, and scales up nicely over the course of the game-Imaginative enemies with an AI that, while simplistic, knows what it can do and how to accomplish it, and will even outmaneuver and trap you-Story (what there is of it, I'll get to that in a moment), while not all that new, is handled better than most triple-A titles do it, paced so you learn more as you advance-Tech scales up nicely from primitive constructs assembled with sticks and vines to plasma cannons, and the transition actually feels pretty naturalThe Bad:-Not much variety.  It's very easy to reach a point at which the game has nothing new to show you, or where there is more content but you're completely stuck as to how to advance or just plain don't realize there is more.-Rare updates.  It was doing very well, but the last update was two months ago, and didn't add much.  Even if it's just the odd new weapon or another bit of the story revealed, I'd love to see more frequent updates.The Verdict: If you like Terraria, this is like Terraria but in my opinion better fleshed out.  There's less content than in other games, but what there is has been polished to a mirror shine, with the promise of more on the horizon (even if that horizon is sometimes frustratingly far away).  A brilliantly executed take on the sci-fi survival game that I sincerely hope will keep growing and realize its potential."
76561197987350411,Not Recommended,263200,23537883,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Shawn of the Dead,"An interesting game, but one that seems to be going nowhere. Right now there is too little in the game to make it a worthwhile purchase, and after years of development I have seen very little significant change. Here are the problems as I see it:1. Too little content. I know this is early access, but, seriously, only one surface biome?2. So many animals wandering around that I feel like I must be stepping in sheep dung with every step.3. The limb movement system, while nice to look at, makes combat seem a little wonky. (Bow combat is the worst.)4. There's no reason to build anything more than a one room cabin. In fact, just put up some walls and a roof to keep critters out while you craft. Back walls are optional.5. The inventory system is messy. It looks like a throwback to Ultima 8, with everything piled on top of everything.6. Survival is trivial. Food is unbelievably abundant.It does have some nice features, such as a radar map system, and an actual plot (not finished.) And, to the devs' credit, they were quick to help when I had an issue with world generation that made my game unplayable. They do seem to be actively working on the game, adding new features occasionally. (Usually new weapons/armor.) But the games needs more to it. Right now, you will lose interest fairly quickly.If/when this game ever gets better, I will change my review."
76561198003595821,Recommended,263200,12753516,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Thalelith,"At first glance, Signs of Life looks like another shameless ""blocky sandbox pickaxe terrria/minecraft ripoff"" to be tossed on top of the ever growing pile of said games. Yet, while only being single player, it does a lot more than other titles trying to cash in on this theme.This game does a fine job standing on its own in this theme, though like everything in beta, it has its own share of problemsWhile the game does a lot right, I feel like the game doesn't know what its doing with itself, as if its trying to be a comedy, and yet take itself seriously.  I can't help but feel like the developers were trying to achieve that quirky balance borderlands 2 does so very well.  The game unfortunately the game never captures this balance, and instead falls flat on its face with its story.It however does do an outstanding job with the crafting system, and the many gadgets you can make with it.The game has you start off landing on an unknown planet with minimal survival equipment, the clothes on your back, and an AI partner with terrible dialog.  You then set off to explore the planet, looking for equipment, useful materials and as the name of the game suggests, signs of life.The top of the world looks like Willy Wonka exploded, painting everything in bright colors: its cheery, safe, and it counteracts the rest of the game in terms of atmosphere.Dig down, or explore one of the abandoned stations at night, and the atmosphere does a complete 180 degree turn.  The atmosphere is dark, dank, empty, and devoid of all human life.  As you explore deeper, the atmosphere of the game gets even more creepy, with alien tentacles raining acid on you, floating sacks of puss that explode, and large vicious looking aliens with scythes for legs.  The further you go down, the more dangerous it feels, the atmosphere does a very good job of this.Unfortunately the storyline can't seem to latch onto what the atmosphere does, and write a compelling narrative to motivate the player into finding out what happened on this planet.Instead the storyline tries to play it silly, inside of a dark, unlit station, with human corpses strung about.You find E-readers in these stations, with some of the articales writen in them hint at where items of interest to you can be found.  However, you will mostly be reading about some doctor acting erratically (the game tells you he is afflicted with ""Space Madness"") and as a result, everyone around him, including his CO's, are implenting EXTREME measures to keep the space madness doctor from rifing through their property.(minor spoiler here) One such example was the leader of the installation, She finds good doctor madness combing through her pantie drawer.  Instead of sticking the guy behind bars until they can send him into the place with padded walls, she demotes his access, then processes to bury the device that promotes keycard access, several hundred meters underground, just for the hell of it.(end of spoiler)Your only form of story content besides the e-readers, is your partner AI, AGIS.AGIS is suppose to be  malfunctioning, and yet, he says nothing you'd think an AI would actually say. He constantly makes useless comments that help in no way, and when he does actually say something somewhat useful, you've already tuned him out.  He's basically a watered down, forgettable version of claptrap attached to your wrist.  Hes annoying, but you can forget about him, so that makes him slightly better than claptrap?Where the game actually shines is the use of the M.E.G. your wrist mounted multi tool.  This thing is sweet, and actually puts all the other multitools you see in other games of this theme to shame.  It functions as your map, your scanner used for updating your map, an autolooter, and of course, placing and breaking objects and blocks.  All of these functions can be upgraded to improve them even further, everything besides AGIS that is...  Honestly, all this thing needs is a blade attachment and it'd put the omni-tool in Mass Effect to shame.The crafting is very strong here, making use of resources constantly.  In Terraria, theres a point where you stop gathering copper, because you have no more use for copper, unless you maded to make a copper castle, using copper blocks.  Here, copper and most everything else constantly has a use, so your always gathering for everything.Guns felt kind of lack luster, the game makes you jump through hoops to get your first real gun besides the 9mm pistol, and most later on enemies are resistant to your bullets.  The Laser gun was my go to weapon, as it could kill anything, although waiting on your energy to recharge was a ♥♥♥♥♥, but you never truly ran dry, where as bullets actually use materials.All in all, I enjoyed the game, even though when I played it, there was no final boss fight, or at least I couldn't find one.  My only worry is that they keep rolling with the shallow storyline, and make the final events of the game lackluster, making you feel like you wasted your time, as a bad ending has that effect.Conclusion:Pros:- Strong crafting system.- Lots of interesting materials to scavange.- The M.E.G. Tool does an outstanding job for its intended use, as a multi-tool.- Enemies look interesting, and later ones look imposing.- Loads of weapons to choose from.- Certain areas of the game deliver an erie atmosphere, supporting the actual title of the game.- Graphics, while looking the part of a flash game, actually do a pretty good job.- The inventory system is reminiscent of the old Ultima games, which I love.  The autosort works very well.- Retrieveable arrows and bolts.Cons:- No Multiplayer- Weak storyline (its a bigger deal, brought by the fact of the first con, no multiplayer.)- Gunplay doesn't feel very rewarding, since you need to scavange for both the materials to make the gun itself, and its    ammo.  You are more likely to use ranged weapons with retrievable ammo such as bows and crossbows, or weapons that use your energy.- AGIS has to be some sort of spawn from claptrap- Lack of boss fights (though it is still in beta)- Lack of tutorial on how your M.E.G. is upgraded.Final verdict:  Would recommend, but only to those who can't get enough sandbox, blockfest, diamond pickaxe goodness.If you are tired of these games being perpetually in beta such as *cough* Starbound *cough*, then stay away until 1.0."
76561198013657414,Recommended,263200,17029592,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Pudgy,"Signs of Life is a game very much focused on exploration and creation, and it does both very well. You start off in a pod filled with only the basics(such as a gun and a single bullet, if being the only one on a planet gets too boring) and a sassy artificial intelligence that doesn't quite understand the meaning of empathy. From there, you must run, punch, and scream your way to a better home.The graphics and soundtrack are both very pleasing, the crafting system is delightful once you build yourself a nice workshop, and the general building mechanics are pretty well executed. The combat, however, lacks in a way that most sidescrollers do: It's not very dynamic. Despite this, the enemies, or at least the ones that are a threat, are well designed. You can power through them, but their gimmicks enable you to employ some neat tactics to make it a bit more fun.Signs of Life also does not hold your hand. There's no real tutorial and you're mostly left to figure out everything yourself. Most people I've seen get confused with(what I'd call) the story progression of the game, though there are enough hints left about it to where you can eventually figure it out, and be mad at yourself for not doing so sooner.The developer is fantastic. They're very engaged with the community, and get right on any issues you may be having. It's worth noting that I had no issues at all until I opted into the beta, and the issues I had there were patched an hour after I contacted them. For an early access game, Signs of Life is incredibly stable and well thought out.Overall, 9/10 Easily."
,Recommended,263200,12753549,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Joseph Frost,I resorted to cannibalism faster than I thought.
76561198053291408,Recommended,263200,12989669,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Mako Heero,Metroid meets Minecraft.It's all about discovery and enjoying the enviroment.The crafting system is very intellegent.It's a got a hard science fiction tone.The game is constantly being updated.The develepor listens to the players and responds right away to any issues or suggestions.It has a giant mechanical chicken for no reason.
,Recommended,263200,21377171,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,✜ Clawnoob ✜,"*EDITED REVIEW*Alright, at the start, really wasn't fond of this game. Felt it was underdeveloped and extremely annoying. Really just thought it was some cheap game trying to make a cheap buck. To be honest, not a great game...yet. The developer(s) seems to really actually care about their and work with the community. I mean, bloody hell, I wrote an angry and rude review yet they actually spoke to me and spoke calmly. The game may not be at it's peak yet, but the developers are working hard to make it something desirable and really step up and communicate with their community. (Hey, maybe they won't have a set play style for a long time then drastically change it like Starbound has...TWICE! tbh these guys would probably ask before butchering an entire play style. gg)"
,Recommended,263200,24956721,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Nerdoelle,"Being a huge fan of crafting/survival and in particular Terraria, Minecraft, and Starbound is what brought me to Signs of Life. As a rule, I tend not to buy Early Access games, choosing instead to mark them on my wishlist, however I couldn't help but purchase Signs of Life and over a year later I am still quite glad I did.What I found was a game that had an amazing groundwork laid, but little to fill the time ones I had gotten myself to the highest tier of gear, but such is the case in Early Access games. As time has passed and the Dev's continue to make updates to the game I am more and more reassured that the amazing groundwork they have put in place is going to eventually become the fantastic 1.0 that I look forward to for SoL. And if any of my friends were looking for a crafting/survival I would most definitely point them in SoL's direction if they're willing to be a bit patient.But even so, this is perhaps the best place to highlight both the positives and negatives of the game, so here I go:-I love the graphics, pixel art is rarely given so much high fidelity, and I always felt that it fit the game far better than a more 16-bit esque style, similar to Terraria. Sci-Fi looking Hi-Fi is important to me.-I am intrigued by the story although I will admit ignorance on any new additions to it. The planet is infested and a lot of people are dead and/or missing. I hope I can make a ship or something to get off this crazy planet before I join them, I'm just saying.-There's a myriad of items and weapons to craft, letting you have a goodly amount of variety when it comes to your favorite monster killing weaponry.-I actually really like the MEG AI character, I can't put my finger on why but he just manages to toe the line between funny and annoying for me and do so in a way that just makes him more enjoyable. I'm dying horribly and all he has is a pithy one liner, like please I will drop you down a hole the moment I have all the recipes, just you wait.Cons (these are longer but more due to wanting to be detailed in my constructive criticism than anything else):-Lack of Difficulty Settings: Call me a baby, but most of my play sessions of Signs of Life come to an end when I die. The punishment of losing all of my items and having to spend the next 45 minutes chaining deaths as I attempt to run back down to whatever pit I lost them down is really frustrating. While the loss of items in Minecraft was also an issue (that many people modded around to be fair), part of what always softened the blow for me was that any items, or armor I made had durability and thus would eventually have run out anyway. This is not really so in Signs of Life, so the need to dive down 4000 feet in only my undies is tantamount, and I've often resorted to console commands just so I can get to the items without dying.-Lack of Fair Fighting: So just gonna be honest here, my go to strategy when fighting monsters is to build dirt walls around myself in a fit of panic and then stab or shoot them through a hole while they ineffectually try and destroy my hideaway. If this strategy was the one you wanted to encourage in your players then this is not a con (I actually don't dislike doing this), but I always felt that the monsters were far too effective at wrecking my small, shipwrecked♥♥♥♥♥for any other strategy to be viable. Hopefully in the new version things might be different, and I am not suggesting for this strategy to be removed so much as, well, it to be easier to kite or go toe-to-toe with these underground goons.No Tier Gating: So currently, while there is a wealth of items and tiers of items to experience, I tend to skip right past one or even several of them at once simply because it is practical to do so. Why should I make leather armor when after 15 minutes underground I've enough for copper? Why bother with iron, gold, or silver when I can just spelunk down and get the materials for steel? No solution to this comes to mind really, besides somehow gating the access to higher tiers behind some sort of technology that must be gathered from bases.-The UI: I'm sure this is a complaint that you have heard often, since your redesign of the UI have been some of my favorite updates to the game, and I feel like you have made some really good choices with the redesign, so I am only here to ask you one thing, please let me control what is on my hotbar. I understand wanting the first button to be on my tools, but I can't count the times where I've been happily mining away and then I accidentally touch my middle mouse button and now I have an axe. Or when I pull out my shotgun in battle but in my panic I accidentally am unleashing flares at the enemy due to fat fingering the middle mouse button. Or even the number of times I have pulled out both my sword and my gun before actually getting to the mapping tool that I wanted. Just an option to either have the hotbar like it is now, or in a more customizable way since I don't really need to always have food readily available to chow down on, but I could always use more melee weapons at the ready, or the ability to swap between MEG and pick without having to scroll through axe, hoe, and who knows what else first."
76561198026225060,Recommended,263200,13303742,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Botchoi,"If you like survival craft games and also like a good story to go along with it, than you have found the right game. This is easily the best value I have ever gotten out of a Early Acess game."
76561198058231910,Recommended,263200,14476655,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Zephyr,"A great game with lots of terraria/starbound(ish) concepts.I've had lots of fun with this, however i've got just one complaint.Please fix the goddamn spawn caps for animals/neutral mobs on the surface... Every time I leave my house for 10 seconds I come back to find a friggin swarm of those blue-flying things smashing their heads into my door. So If I open the door, of course the house gets flooded with them.Or when I'm trying to do a simple task outside like cut down a tree, or mine a block, something always has to get in the way and get hit and then get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at me and attack me.Overall it's a fun game, it could just use a bit of multiplayer, and fixed spawns for animals."
76561198052032850,Recommended,263200,10700955,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,bounding star,Fantastic game with intuitive and original mechanics and lots of neat ideas. Deserves a lot more attention from fans
,Recommended,263200,31581195,Posted: 6 May,all,Droopy The Dog,"Signs of life is an absolutely fantastic find and I'm lucky I gave it a chance.I've tried a lot of the various terraria successors on steam. From the dumpster fire that was Edge of Space, to the mild interest followed by long periods of boredom that was Starbound. They've invariably been disapointments.Except for Signs of Life. I've binged it over the last few days and enjoyed it immensely--=Warning, mild spoilers ahead, no secrets outright blown, but I'm going to illustrate lots of general possibilities you might otherwise have to learn about yourself in game=--It does the basics incredibly well.The combat is very good! The best in the genre, well above Terraria standards. There's locational damage and armour ratings for every enemy, the enemies actually have multiple varied attacks and a good chunk of personality. Combat rewards lateral thinking incredibly well, there's one particular mechanical enemy you can use your crafting tools and an electical interface to disable rather than destroy directly. Although destroying directly is definitely an option, the most obvious one infact.The bosses are great too, there's not many yet, but the ones that there are are lovingly well made. There's a real Monster Hunter feel to them, where you tend to tear them apart piece by piece, dissabling and enabling new attacks on the way, and depending on how you cut them down you get different loot to craft unique new weapons. There's one particularly slimy boss that must have 16 different destrucible elements of, which makes for a fun variety of ways to take it out. (And packing high-explosives especially satisfying).The mining is satisfying in speed and constantly upgraded as you go, and the different various options you have make it less than mindless thankfully. And the generated cave systems are expansive enough that you can spelunk around and mine the much quicker ultra-rich deposit props. Downward exploration can get be a real chore to return from in the very early game, but you get lots of tools to make vertical traversal a doddle later on.Game performance is great, no stupidly long loading times or frame hitches or issues with large numbers of objects on screen. Not much else to say, but in comparison to some other titles, it blows them out of the water.And what's more it does things a little differently and miraculously it well too.The procedural stuff, I cannot emphasise it enough! Enemies are suceptible to friendly fire and environmental damage. Mining with explosives is a little more detailed than normal, it doesn't just blow up blocks in a set area, they travel further in soft materials than hard ones, and damages the the layers underneath those blown clean-off to make excavating them much easier too. You don't just automatically suck things up around you, you can either manually pick them up with your cursor or use the little tractor gun built into your tool to grab things around you, but if you move quick enough the momentum will send the item sailing past you, and if that was something like an egg it will splatter on the nearest wall, and if it was a rock or an arrow, it's now a damaging projective. I was so impressed to discover that as I upgraded my tool I was even able to to litterally pluck enemy incoming projectiles out of the air to be fire right back at them. And with the critical damage locations built into the enemies, the procedural animations make melee combat much more entertaining, stepping and aiming just the right way and doing a thrust into just the right place is much more entertaining than just swinging wildly. The detail in everything is just sublime.The UI, in keeping with the game, is incredibly procedural. Storage containers aren't cells they're just contiguous spaces you can spread your items out in, a la the old Ultima VII/Ultima Online style. With the much needed auto-sort fuction button built into the game to spread everything out evenly, thank god. Storage containers don't mean much on their own, but that approach to everything makes the game so much more immersive. You don't just drop power cores on your high tech machinery, you open them up and drop them into the power socket. You aquire some unkown alien artifacts, and instead of getting a ""You don't know how to use this yet"" dialogue, it shows you the surface covered in strange symbols that you can search for clues in and spin dials on until you get it to work. It works fantastically well to make you really think about things in a less ""gamey"" way.The game rewards, and in fact requires, so much lateral thinking to solve all the little mysteries hand crafted into the otherwise proceedural world. There's the sealed human craft and facilities built into the surface, which are impervious to your lower upgrade level mining tools, but you can enter yourself much sooner by a little exploration and unconventional tool-use. Then there's the alien artifacts, which you have to go full xeno-acheologist to figure out. You don't just find a magical alien rosetta stone and can suddenly read everything, you have to examine the symbols across various sites and figure out their meaning, and test out your theories until something finally works. Even throwing food to distract wild enemies is fun.Ok, so that a lot of gushing. Time for the reality check, here's the bad:The AI, it isn't bad, but nothing groundbreaking. Which in a game where it's possible to quickly build fortifications on the fly, makes it easy to game the basic enemy types. If you put yourself just out of reach, they'll keep impotently attacking beneath you, and pretty much everything can be neutered by boxing them in dirt, then mining a tiny hole to stab them through. The boss AIs work a little better at this, with either terrain ignoring or terrain destroying attacks to make them more difficult to box in.Content, it got some obvious gaps still and a couple of placeholders. It's not bare at all, but after a little cheating with the built in dev-tools I think I've basically seen all there is for now.Lighting, it's annoyingly dark at times whilst you're mining, the built in light on your tool is exceedingly weak, even when upgraded, as are the basic torches. In retrospect I probably should have used the flare gun more often as there's not much else to use sap for, but I wasn't sure if I might need it for something later in the tech tree. Which meant I spent a lot of time underground barely able to see a few blocks ahead and naviagting by the scanning laser and the minimap.So my opinion overall is very positive. Signs of Life still has room to grow in content, but what there is is brilliant, and the quality of the game mechanically and the polish of some of the content already put in fills me with confidence that further content will be top quality. And even in the few days I've owned the game I've seen multiple posts by the dev's responding to players and teasing future updates, so I'm not worried about abandonment either. The only other early access game I've been anywhere near as pleased with is Starsector, which has been the gold standard for me.So if you like 2D exploration/combat/survival games, get it. It's got some great gameplay and at $10 it's worth it even as-is, so no early access remorse to haunt you."
76561198026701476,Recommended,263200,14215518,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Onikage-056,"Compared to other games I've played, Signs of Life is both more simplistic, and more complex. Simpler in that construction of a base doesn't take 5 days, and that hordes of enemies are, while a possibility, not likely to simply turn into a never-ending swarm that'll override any defensive measures in a couple minutes.The complexity comes from the mid and late-game (for now) crafting, where you need to use literally every crafting station/system you have on hand to build things like the rocket launcher or the Jewel Bow. Even some of the earlier recipes can take 4 or 5 differing components to make, and at least 2 crafting stations to make the parts in the first place.Honestly, I don't find it a problem. I find it a nice change of pace from the more ""grind it til you have it"" tendency of more than a few other games (World of Warcraft, for example.).My only real issues stem from just how much digging you're apt to do just to get enough resources to build that fancy Material Printer or that last box of rockets.I would rate this game a 9/10 as it is, if only because the game is incomplete."
76561198089645223,Recommended,263200,18982945,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Slightly Moist and Slowly Dying,"What is it?Signs of Life is a sci fi Metroidvania sandbox game that involves lots of digging and collecting resources in order to craft better items.How are the devs?The developers do read the forums and often comment on feedback and questions.How much content is there right now?There's actually a pretty good amount of content for an Early Access game. I was able to complete the amount of story there is right now and get to the high tier items in about 20ish hours.Is there multiplayer?Yes. I haven't gotten a chance to test it out yet but it was added recently.Are there Steam trading cards and emoticons?There sure are.Is it worth the cost?I suppose it depends on what you think of Early Access games. If you're okay with purchasing the game and playing it with the possibility of encountering bugs and before all of the content is added, its a fine purchase imo. If you don't like that idea, maybe you should just hold on while it develops a bit more."
76561198194240037,Recommended,263200,16090864,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,SpOOdErMAn,this game is really cool. It reminded me of terraria and was really hard the first 10 mins. But you get the hang of the controls. sucks that its not multipayer
,Recommended,263200,13451730,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Fox,"Temp review... will write a better / longer review later.This game is like Starbound, but it's far more grindy (right now, soon to be better balanced). I've already spent enough time into the game to notice that the threats are almost non-existent (aside from the bosses which currently can be exploited). Armor currently just feels optional. Getting ores takes forever currently, but again, the dev says it'll be improved next update. Mining with a pickaxe is a bit clunky cuz it requires so much space, so you're likely to use the MEG tool which can also be upgraded to be superior in digging speeds anyways.Overall, it's an interesting new game with new ideas and everything, but it being in early access, it's just not quite there yet with the finished games which compete with this game.EDIT: I'm giving this review a thumbs up based on the dev's replies here and in Steam Discussions. The dev communicates with us all the time and is very appreciative of suggestions and feedback unlike most other game devs out there. Also, I do see this game being an awesome game, potentially even better than all the competitors out there."
76561198035039004,Recommended,263200,28230899,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Atech66,From someone who has spent many hundreds of hours in SB and Terraria  etc..  this game feels different.The environments are beautiful and alive with color..  much more detailed than i expected.The crafting is hands down the deepest most detailed down to the finest part in any game of the genre I have played.There is just so much to see it kind iof amazed me how the Devs really thought about the world..  shelves with a bottle of shampoo in the bathroom of a base you can take..  a boom box in the barracks you can take that changes the in game music when you click it.. you can gather so much its crazy.. take it home and horde to your hearts content.Add a nice sound track and not one glitch so far...  its a winner all the wayBuy it.. its worth far more than the asking price.
76561197986715648,Recommended,263200,17936280,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,KaossoaK,"I recommend this game, but really, I would wait till farther down the road. You run out of things to do extremely fast. It will be a great game when it is finished. Just not enough content for the price at the moment."
76561198072264793,Recommended,263200,17066122,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,oedipexgalaxy,Worth every penny.One of the best sandbox building crafting games out there.Better controls.Better looking.Better building.Better item storage.Better crafting.Better UI.Easy to dump tons of hours and good luck crafting everythingthere is ATM and it's still in development.10/10BTW you can store bags in your backpackand fill each one. Easier to find your things and ifyou die you pickup alot less and have less to sort.You're Welcome.
76561198154419865,Recommended,263200,15748063,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,WillKhitey,"I absolutely love this game.I never played Minecraft so I was kind of new to the crafting genre, but I had played a few survival games so I was not completely uninitiated. This game has a whole less dimension than Minecraft but I have devoted so much time in the last week or so that I shudder to think of what Minecraft would have done to me.If this game is not a pinnacle of the genre then I would like to know what is. Even in Early Access it has so much going for it. Also, I am going to try not to spoil anything here but there is a lot of evidence to indicate that there is a lot more danger and plot developement to come. I just put a power core into the Pioneer Base and it has driven me to heavily fortify my base. I now sleep on a raised platform lined with turrets. I also have a block of solid marble filled with guns and trap rooms with turrets that I will teleport into if my base falls. When those guys come into the game they will not take me alive.God I love this game."
,Recommended,263200,29552859,Posted: 28 January,all,Owly,"Ниже русский текст. Русские - смотрите в конец обзора.Hi developers. I had a little money and I decided to buy this game, as it seemed to me very interesting, even at the design stage. I very much hope that you will make a masterpiece.P.S. It will be very good if the game will be added to the Russian language. Russian players are very fond of the sandbox. A lot of Russian will buy this game soon, I'm sure of it.If you need help in translating games into Russian, I can help you.Ребята, игра в раннем доступе, и уже выглядит очень интересно.Не ставьте негативных оценок, чтобы разработчики не расстраивались и не забивали на игру. Я хочу чтобы игра получилась очень хорошей.Помогите поднять этот обзор в топ, чтобы все его видели, и разработчики скорее доделали игру до конца."
76561198043654518,Recommended,263200,17278370,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Thomas,"I was very skeptical about buying this game. I wasn't sure if I should buy this or not.I love games rpg/sandbox/crafting/etc. games and this was one of them. I was so use to the pixelated versions. This is more realistic. It's also in very early development. Then I check the forums of the game and the devs are really up to date with the game and communicates with the people. Devs like that will surley bring this game into stardom.That was one of the biggest reason why I bought this game. Other than it being amazing.Pros/Cons-ProsFor an Early Acess game, It is really fun with quite a few content that could last you hours.Devs keep game updated and communicates with the community.Hotbar- (Organizes tools into one bar and allows you to scroll through it.) Kinda like 1 is for mining, scroll through that one bar and you can switch from laser mining to pickaxe to etc. 2 is for melee weapons, etc.-ConsTakes a while to get basics down considering the texts come up at certain times or random times.None others.Robot Chickens exists to kill everything.My ExperienceExperience 1 : Crash on an alien planet. Learned how to mine. Laser mined a tree. Couldn't pick up the materials it dropped. Fustrated, I committed suicide by trying to kill a bore. I respawned in a base which I am guessing is a Pioneer station. Kept trying to pick up the mining pickaxe and mining clothes. Still couldn't. Fustrated I Made a new character.Experience 2 : After creating a new character, I repeated the same process EXCEPT, I found the Pioneer station. Took me forever to mine under it to get inside it. Still couldn't pick things up. I looked in the chests, but too conflicted to bother taking anything. I returned outside and found the alien fighting with the bore. I somehow got caught in the middle and joined war between the two breeds. Sheeps were dying left and right as the bores and alien fought. I died soon after. I deleted the character and tried again.Experience 3 : Repeated the process up to the Pioneer station. I FINALLY FIGURED OUT HOW TO PICK THINGS UP. It didn't tell me until then. (I will let you guys go through this as well.) Excited, I decided to cut trees and mine ores. Died by running into a mantis alien.Experience 4 : I tried to go and find the Pioneer station along the way I made some things finally, but I ran into some other base that seem to have no entry point. At least none that I could find. While trying to find one, BY MY LUCK I FOUND A GIANT ROBOT CHICKEN OUT FOR BLOOD. YES I SWEAR TO YOU I WAS STUCK AGAINST THE BASE TRYING TO JUMP UP RUNNING AWAY FROM IT BUT I COULDNT. IT KEPT SHOOTING AT ME . I died a terrifying death."
,Recommended,263200,29562228,Posted: 29 January,all,Crisen,"I bought this game on sale a long, looong time ago. Never made time to play a bit of it.I started, got the hang of it and just got hooked, those seven hours are just from today, I am a sucker for this kind of games.I'm not a fan of pressing the middle button to pick up stuff, as I scrolled through the reviews I saw a dev's comment that It can be toggled off so it can be automatic, so that's a plus, I would've liked ingame info about that though.So far so good, I like the art style and how my character moves, when he runs, FINALLY I sense that my char is running not walking fast like in other games, the jumping animation looks cool, once you get a backpack to glide with, traversing the map is really easy, if your base is tall enough.Excelent work from the devs and I've noticed they answer the questions, reviews, etc.What I would change is, the pick axe, and the axe do way more damage than the melee weapons, I'd change that, since there's no point of having a sword when you can use your axe or pick to destroy the mobs.If you got money to spare, and you like Terraria-like games, give this one a try, is well worth it."
,Recommended,263200,8902208,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,LordChambers86,"Love, Love, Love this game. I bought it today (29/01/14) and have already sat on it for 8 hours without noticing!I love everything about this game and it has lots of promise.Yes you could compare it to Starbound but they both are great in their own rights. Yes, in Starbound you can fly to different panets and you can customize your spaceship but in SoL you feel you can do alot more. For one it feels more realistic compared to Starbound and less cartoonie. The crafting system seems endless and more rewarding.I could go on and on but you'll just have to trust me and get this game while it's as cheap as it is."
,Recommended,263200,10194305,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Baby (B A B Y),This game at First is a little confusing with the Menus and Controls but after getting used to it you can have tons of Fun I just bought it today and Love it!
,Recommended,263200,31161640,Posted: 15 April,all,Zavender,"Signs of Life is something that you.. Really don't see too often. Yes, it's a 2d sandbox-y game with weapons and physics and bosses, enemies, you name it. but out of everything I've seen or played, SoL is really.. Unique.To start simply, the controls are wonderful. Yes, youwillhate them when you first start, but once you get used to the sorta.. Flow and feel for the game, they're quite nice. Fitting, at the very least.Next up, the game has some very.. Unique things. The art style, for one, is genuinely interesting and allows for some funny things to happen. The physics (while the concept isn't new), are pretty well done, and with the throwing mechanic it makes for some fun things you'll have to figure out for now. The weapons, which fit the theme and work pretty well, are generally well balanced, and not one really makes the game too easy. Crafting is actually a fun system in some ways, and though inventory management isn't always easy, it really does work well.But, theres one thing that really makes me reccomend this game. While exploring I came across aREDACTED, and having zero clue whats going on, I.. Explored it. And I found aREDACTED,REDACTED, and someREDACTEDthat was hinted at being used in theREDACTED. Slowly I started figuring out this abstractREDACTEDREDACTEDand it was.. Amazing. Going in spoiler free just made it that much more fun, and its laid out in such a way that you really can figure it out pretty easily. It's an experience I'd kill to have again, and with the planned updates? I'm entirely happily paying for what I have now.Which brings me to that early access tag. Honestly, yes, it does still feel a little unfinished. It's openly unfinished, and I think thats honestly a good thing. If it takes time to get this game going far, so be it, it'll be worth it. Buy for you and a friend to mess around with, then fall in love with it and wait eagerly for the next update. Considering how little exposure there is for this title, I'm entirely happy buying if just to support the devs."
76561197992783885,Recommended,263200,14738865,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,UniversalMan,"I'm liking the comfortable paced, highly interactive way of Signs of life. Many intricate details to admire along the journey. The delevelopers have a unqiure gem here in mind, with my recommendation to keep as is, adding details without changing the core foundation much. I especially like the giant robot chicken, through initial apprehension before I found it was friendly. Yay!And the way I can 'snake' over the blocks mining them, is the kind of fluidity done right.For new comers, give this game some patients. I nearly quit playing in the first 5 minutes before deciding to give it a longer chance. I am pleased with the gameplay now."
76561198073233501,Recommended,263200,8942465,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Grandmamascooking,"SoL is real fun to play. I know that the game is in early access still but it gets kind of sad being alone all the time, but thats probably what the devs are going for, but i think companions in this game would make this game better taming,companions and yeah the multiplayer is being worked on soon so it wont be as lonely anymore i guess. This game is awesome though!"
76561198031355593,Recommended,263200,25396594,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,jeffsullins,"Great game, and the devs are active and responsive. Lots of little details that show they care about the game.Pros:+ Good balance difficulty-wise. Not too easy nor too challenging.+ Interesting mysteries to explore.+ Polished game, especially for early access title.+ Fun :)Areas that could improve:+ Larger world.+ More bosses."
76561198052006169,Recommended,263200,13945721,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,goldbergeri79,"I love all kind of crafting style games and well i saw this game a time ago and well it did not look that interesting. Well i stumbled again on this game and this time i looked some videos from youtube and i got interested and bought the game.I was pretty surprised that this game was this good and considering its still early access. I did play terraria and starbound that are closest games that you can compare to this. But for some reason this feels a bit better somehow. Signs of life tryes to do things a bit its own way and not copying straight from similiar games and seems its a good thing because it feels a bit better.I like that this game is more scifi oriented and not much of fantasy at all and i hope it stays that way.Crafting system is very easy to use and it got categories and a search button that i have to use a lot. Lots of items need other crafted items so thats where search comes handy. Could be easier if there was possibility like double click on the required items on the crafting recipe so you could jump straight to making those and skip the search button that way.One thing more thing i like about the crafting is that when you find new resources lets say a new ore you learn recipes when you pick it up. Nice way to avoid confusion with massive recipe list at the start.It took me around 20 hours maybe to go trough about everything the game has to offer at this point. There are tough some stuff i still could get and will because it's hard not to play this game. There is just something that pulls into this game.But its not perfect game tough, it got bugs. I've stumbled on two so far, one was game crashing upon death. I've not died in a long time now so not sure if that issue is still in game.Second i found was that splitting items from a stack makes the whole stack gone all together. Other than that it worked pretty well.Can't think of much more negative to say other than its not finished and need more content in the game.If you like terraria and starbound i think this should be one to keep an eye on."
,Recommended,263200,9014593,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Straker,"I've spent the better part of an afternoon/evening playing Sign's of Life, and I'm loving it!  I've spent many a days playing Terraria and Starbound, and I found myself at home when playing Signs of Life.  Personally, I like it more than Starbound, and feel the crafting system, so far, to be VERY deep!  I'm looking forward to what this game will eventually become, but even as it stands right now, I'm having a BLAST playing it!  I've definitely gotten my $10 worth of entertainment out of it, plus a whole lot more!"
,Recommended,263200,14725142,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,iMonters,"My interest was first peaked when I saw Survival with Aliens, so I thought I'd have a quick peak at the game. What I thought was 30 mins of my time was actually 3 hours!This game is very addictive and you get sucked right in to the game. One of the cool things I ended up doing was crafting a Bow & Arrow, then creating walls for a penn where I could just take out animals from a distance to collect materials.It took me a while to realise, but holding the mouse wheel down to collect items IS AN ABSOLUTE GODSEND! Thankyou for putting that in!!I'm still trying to figure out if I can install some basic lighting in my mud house at this stage (for night time, which is pitch-black), but as a bottom line comment...... If you like sandbox vs survival vs aliens and you don't mind every hour of your life feeling like 5 minutes, then you must try this game."
,Recommended,263200,17190202,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Promethean,"I've only started playing, mainly due to what I've seen as the developer's genuine care and involvement for their community. I've been burned out by other EAs where the devs seem to just drop out, even if it had such a good foundation, and this has happened frequently in 2D side-scroller crafting/adventure games. The devs (I don't know how many there are, if there's multiple) seem to frequently update, are involved in the community, and don't come off as defensive rather open to anything. Even negative reviewers have commented positively on the Devs.Now, onto the game in a simple pros/cons list with overall review:Pros:-Simple, yet lovely graphics. This is a smooth looking game for EA, nothing exceptional, but its extremely easy on the eyes.-AI isn't aggressive at appropriate times. I don't feel like I'm constantly under danger, which I appreciate when I'm trying to build/explore.-The technology in the game, although I'm barely in, seems great. As you come in a landing pod, you can guide it to land, and (as per story) the battery begins to die out, I landed on top of an animal splatting it. I actually laughed out loud when it happened, I'm not the type to laugh, rather smile at these situations, and I've come across a few more like it.-I think the Devs listening to feedback is obvious, in other reviews they talk about crafting issues, and as I've just begun to play this game, every ingredient you get opens a recipe, and it seems rather clear cut. While there is some struggle, (pickaxe, for example, I though I'd know how to make it from copper ore, but it took making boards to open the recipe), its not really a pain at all. Its an effort, as I feel there should be with some games. They've also included what seems to be a basic tutorial, again compared to other reviewers, there may've not been one before, and this is representative of the Devs involvement.-Ton of potential, for early access, its incredibly well-done, and considering they just added multiplayer, I think there's a ton of room for this game, and as the devs have proven themselves with this, I look forward to other games from them in the future. The pricing is just right for this.Cons:I'm only early on, I haven't really seen as many, so this is a nitpick attempt.-You start off with a multitool that can mine blocks and cut down trees. This isn't bad at all, I like it, but there's instances where a pickaxe or an axe may be necessary in the future, and that kinda gets lost on me. I've come across what seems to be deposits that I can only mine with a pickaxe (I haven't even gone really underground yet), but I don't know what the significant difference is. Again, this is a nitpick attempt, and nothing really critical of the game. As I advance in the game, I may add more cons here, of which I'll note it was edited in, but otherwise.. Not much. Its a really solid EA.Summary:This is what I had wanted from my other sidescrolling sci-fi EAs, except not only is it being properly and consistently executed, its being done so by an engaged Dev who seems to care for community feedback and does it at a extremely decent price. For thsoe who've been burned out by EAs that may've fit this bill, I can only try to assure you in that, I feel this is the one sure time we won't get burned. I'm crossing my fingers, but the devs are making a reputation for themselves and have passion behind this game that is all ready a solid foundation."
,Recommended,263200,30351321,Posted: 5 March,all,Illokonereum,"I really enjoyed this game, and hope to see the finished product when it's released. In the early game, exploration was really fun, and reminded me a bit of Terraria in that aspect. Just exploring, learning more of the backstory, and encountering weird creatures and upgrading your gear all felt like things Iwantedto do, and it wasn't until I started making the highest level armor, Jeweled at the time, that I began to feel bored.With more gear, bosses, and story content, the game will be great.EDIT: I had previously had issues with new engine, but reinstalling the game fixed it.I definitely think the game is worth the price tag of $10 if you enjoy 2d sandboxes, especially since it's still in early access."
76561198050304016,Recommended,263200,8910535,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,"This game is awesome!! I was recently playing Starbound and though ""oh another clone""....Not at all this game is a world of its own very cool graphics, awesome inventory system and so many other differences, it is not a clone!! Also has a hitchhikers guide to the galaxy humor vibe that I like + a suicide button if you get tired of living. So far the story line is really good and the game is fun. It is being updated all the time unlike some other beta/alpha titles on steam that only get an update once every millenium."
76561198082371504,Recommended,263200,10327338,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Ross,"This game is great for an early access game, and pretty well polished compared to other games of this type.If you're the kind of person who enjoys exploration, quirky humor, or just a new experience, this is for you.I really wouldn't say that this game is a Terraria clone (This game has way better controls and animation)And Imost certainlywould not assosiate this game with Starbound, those developers kind of got their money and slacked.I'll get downvoted for both of those, but it's an honest review, accept it.These deveoplers are dedicated and push out constant updates, do polls on their officalwebsite,(www.playsignsoflife.com)and ask the players 'what should be added next'? This really expands on early access' letting you watch the game evolve, youhelpit evolve, though that is contolled so the game does not turn into a mess of features.Lastly, I'd like to comment on the lore, as you cannot just have the whole story written up when a game releases on early access, they leave small hints telling you what happened, letting you piece the story together yourself and leaving intreguing cliffhangers to expand upon, allowing you to get together with the rest of the community to converse about it and really boost the feel of this game, and the community's interaction.It does have it's bugs, but they're very minor, and there is just a bit of missing content; those holes are being filled pretty rapidly, however!All in all, I'd give this game a 9/10 for now, of course this game could take a turn for the worse at any time, like any early access game."
,Recommended,263200,27685015,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zaloko,"A strong, albeit lesser known, title in the Terraria genre.  Polished combat mechanics and solid character progression raise this above many of the others in it's class.  The game offers a good bit of exploration as the player tries to solve for all the unknowns on this alien planet.  The story isn't fully finished (as of this review) but what is in kept me intrigued.  While the game starts you out with little more than the clothes on your back, progression is still made fairly quickly.  The inventory system is a bit of a throwback to the days of Ultima Online but gives strong enough inventory filtering to make it easily manageable through early to late game.  At such a reasonable price I'd say it's a must buy for any fans of this genre."
76561198081566781,Recommended,263200,19184243,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,knightowl,"I love the game so far with over 35+ hours invested and look forward to future updates with more content towards release, please keep in mind this is an early access review of the game in it's current state. As well my personal opinion and first impression, as I only write selective reviews on refreshing game experiences. So the only real issue that I have encountered is the fact that the world is a small place after all and loops around back towards the players starting position, which can be completed around ten minutes or less. That aside it is large enough in terms of depth, the surface world as well an ecological underground world where time has no meaning. I have also been informed  by the developer that ""world-generator"" is not limited to the previously mentioned constraint, and that is temporarily due to creating quality content to fill the void.That fact aside there is plenty of content to keep the player occupied for many hours. As a game about exploration, this allows the player a rewarding experience. I dislike the linear trends of most games, feeding the player non-vital information through tutorials leaving nothing else to discovery. Games only need a few mechanics to be great, a storyline is just the icing on the cake. The game starts abrutly as your escape pod crashes downward into the atmosphere of an unkown planet with a limited fuel supply, you land safely upon flattened terrian with nothing remote of a civilization around as you gaze through the glass upon your new surroundings, you step fourth...AGIS, your ""friendly"" artificially ""intelligent"" friend! This is your A.I. companion, and although it's moral programming is limited, AGIS will allow you to learn crafting reciepes,and reverse engineer as you discover new resources to survive. You will find from time to time, that AGIS is able to lighten your mood during convexing times upon the desolate planet, that or you have gone past the breaking point of your sanity. :DAGIS is part of your MEG Tool, that's the name of the device attached to your wrist. This multifunctional tool will allow you the player, topographical mapping functions, illumination, traction beam, and laser extraction, powered by a battery capacitor and lens. All of which are upgradable through precious gemstones, and salvage discovered on the planet.(Sapphire, Topaz, Amethyst, Ruby,etc.) in varied conditions affect functionality of your MEG. If you so desire, forgo all of the techology as decreed by the gods! And manually work the planet with your barehands (pick axe, gardening hoe, regular axe, shears, hammer, and seeds).If your preferred genre of gaming and in general is sci-fi, for $10.99 you won't have any regrets, especially for a game that's currently in the early stages of it's development. Do not try to compare this gem to what's available on the market. If there is an aspect of the game you wish to have included, removed , or improved upon, offer a suggestion on the forums for the game, I'm sure the developers would appreciate it. I whole-heartedly recommend ""Signs Of Life"" if you are looking for a 2D side scroller with simple build and exploration mechanics. On a personal note this game satsifies my missing nostalgia for the 90's (SNES,SEGA,ETC.) .If you found this review helpful, please help further the development of this game by rating this review, +1"
,Recommended,263200,24038238,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Steplar98,"This game is absolutely amazing.  The aesthetic is awesome, with the graphics and soundtrack really making it an immersive experience.  The story and message is driven by mechanics, with player exploration playing a large part in progressing, and it feels entirely organic.  More people need to play this game."
,Recommended,263200,8884350,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,gpspake,12.9 Hours on record. SoL is totally addictive. I love the humor and the artwork is interesting and original. The crafting is excellent and has kept me entertained for hours but there's also a robust story line to go along with it. Watch out for the giant Chicken.
,Not Recommended,263200,33012051,Posted: 29 June,all,LurchingRex0667,"So I'm just gonna start flooding the problems of this game. The controls are incredibly strange, the ""learning curve"" is rather intense due to the severe lack of guidance, and while they try to be funny, their jokes fell flat. I attempted to play this game 5 times, and every time I got bored to quickly to continue playing for longer than an hour. This price is ridiculous for this game... 4/10, not waste my money again."
76561198025051541,Recommended,263200,8901974,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Warpuppy,"I love what I've seen so far, and can't wait for the final result.  :)"
,Recommended,263200,12331927,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Dat Sheep Named Johnny,"A very great and realisticly unique in a way! I love playing this game, its step by step, fighting for survival to thrive, though it would be more challenging to add hunger  or atleast the option... and water... ok off topic here, we gotta understand that it's still in EARLY ACCESS, sorry. I personally enjoy playing this game everyday... Seeing myself progress... finding more and more discoveries ""Ive seen things...creepy things..."", still on the planet. Those things though... the spitter killed me once. Progress might be slow but you'll feel so succesful and proud once you have improved. Ate a human, killed an alien (kind of) and took a♥♥♥♥♥♥twice in my pants and in the toilet... and still don't know how to go to space yet. Adventure awaits you space :P 10/10 for an Early Acces Game."
,Recommended,263200,8893361,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,⊙‿‿⊙ Einafets Notgnirrah ♋,"This game is incredibly fun. Though it may appear slow at first, it quickly speeds up to interesting interactions between you, the AI, and what you may find in the world you are stuck on. I only have one problem with it, and it is the level design of the station. I was stuck in a room and had to wrestle my way back up using a table and the tall dresser, I honestly suggest there is an easier way to get out of that particular room, regardless it's very entertaining and I recommend this game to those that enjoy games such as Terraria and Starbound."
76561198009802264,Recommended,263200,8945085,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Sharpe,"An incredible game, i've been playing for a little bit now  and it already has most features i love in a game, and probably more to come soon. Sandbox Survival game with Crafting, building, Hunting, Exploring. Its just amazing, I recommend it for everyone and the price is just perfect for it. It may be a bit difficult to start out and learn all the controls and different things about the game, but once you pick it up you'll be playing for hours at a time. (Hopefully they add a Tutorial of some sort in the future for new players)A combination ofTerraria, Starbound, some of NEO Scavenger maybe, all into one game. Amazing."
76561197989449898,Recommended,263200,8917780,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,|OO| Ser Jorah,Awesome so far :)
76561198056347312,Recommended,263200,13931928,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Tasive,"Very good game for early access. I put quite a few hours into it and it was enjoyable. I like the UI how you open up the bags and you see all your items laid out inside. Although this can get very cluttered. I started playing a week before they implemented the auto organize feature, it does help alot but items overlaping eachother doesnt look that good. Also some item icons are huge while others are so tiny you can barly see what they are. Hopefully this will be addressed. I also wish they would make it so you can dig deeper. Even though the total depth is pretty deep. It does feel like it doesnt take all that long to get to the bottom.Overall: I cant wait to try this game again when it comes along more in development. First impression was i couldnt belive how much content actually was in the game for being a almost brand early access game. Compared to otheres ive tried out this game has much more items,monsters,recipes to craft, etc. For a $10 i whole-heartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,263200,15259231,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Skawty,I love the idea of this game and im a big fan of starbound... but this ticks all the boxes!Theres tons and tons of content in the game already an d there just getting started i love the crafting system and the way you place items in the world!And for the price this game is great value and offers  tons and tons of gamplay im hooked ive been play for the last 17hrs...8/10   but only because its still early access!
,Recommended,263200,16473570,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Klawd,"Great job devs! Played 10 hours and found it very entertaining, and very close to the fun I experienced with similar titles. I'm gonna wait till multiplayer is released to give it a more serious go. ;)"
76561198000765631,Recommended,263200,29090671,Posted: 7 January,all,Hashshashin,"This is a very enjoyable game, even in these early stages of development, the devs are active and listen to feedback. It reminds me of craft the world a little and serveral other 2D survival/exploration/crafting/building games. It has a very indepth crafting system and a good sense of humour as well, something missing in a lot of games these days, it will also not hold your hand, death is a pain and even with a respawn function you will need to go back to get your stuff. Overall I'm enjoying this game and I am looking forward to seeing how it evolves and what it looks like in the future when Iit hits gold, until then I'm happy to play whats there over and over, as each time I leaarn something new. I still have to explore the underground alien bases and everything else under the surface as I have only just scratched it, thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,263200,29794097,Posted: 8 February,all,Doe,"It was fun. . . For about 15 minutes.If you're looking into getting this game,get starbound instead.(Edit)During the summer sales I decided to re-purchase this game and gointo it with an open-mind and so far I'm enjoying it."
76561198074848525,Not Recommended,263200,31989269,Posted: 26 May,all,Some'ingStupad,"Before you buy it, wait a while untill the Devs start to be a bit more active, and get out more content, I wanted to make it positive, but, there really isnt a whole lot to do other than explore and kill stuff. Otherwise, I Thought it was fine, scanning was fun, and exploring the abandoned facilities, it seemed lacking."
,Recommended,263200,8913865,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Lord Commissar Alexer,"Yes, i know it looks like a rip-off of Starbound, Terraria, Mainecraft and, and and....But honestly, i love these kind of games and for that price a must have.If you loved Starbound and the other Sandbox Games then i can only recommend Signs of Life for you.It still in Alpha but has quite the content and there still much more room for more.A difference between Starbound and Signs of Life is that SoL goes more in the realistic path. You have plenty of stuff to craft and diferrent monster to hunt.Overall, if you like Sandbox then get it, especially for that price."
76561198134717697,Recommended,263200,17293259,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,The Glory In The Grey,This is one hell of a good game good idea behide it not sure if you can build a space ship but that be a good thing to add in the game and it will be nice to find like space shops or bases of AI or NPCs to trade with or buy things just ideas not saying do and one more thing that would be cool is when you start on the first plant you must build up until you make a space ship and it would be nice to get a space crew of AI or NPCs and freinds well I have no freinds to play this game with so it would be nice to have a NPC or AI crew and go on plants and build space base just a idea very nice game.
76561198114472474,Recommended,263200,9023638,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,RussianSanta556,"Signs of Life is an excellent game. I can recommend it for several reasons, and those will be listed.It has a wide array of content, even if it is early access. I haven't played long, but I've already seen four fully (And beautifully) textured armor sets, as well as various different weapons and tools. There's a decent array of creatures, and more will hopefully be added. There is a good elemnt of exploration, even if the world is limited. Furthermore, the world is well designed and constructed. (There's a difference there)It has a... servicable survival element. If you die, you lose all your items and there are a multitude of ways to die. The qualms I have with it is how easy it is to gather food and kill monsters. The fighting is also simple, which is perfectly fine, and in this case, good.The game's controls are... Fine. You can rebind keys and all that, and the game is easy enough to figure out after awhile. However, there are a few minor problems with it. E.G. If you rebind a key, it goes back to default when you leave the game.The game has good textures and a decent aesthetic. However, if there was one qualm I had with it, it was the voxel-based terrain. Some games do well with it, but those games (Like minecraft) usually don't utilize good textures, they're trying to instill nostalgia. In my eyes, voxels and lifelike graphics don't match. Still, it's still only a minor qualm, and many people enjoy the voxels. I might just be the black sheep.Overall, I'd recommend this game for the above reasons. It has a great concept, it has great playability, it runs fine, and a fine aesthetic. Buy Signs of Life, it's well worth the price."
,Recommended,263200,17434765,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,HellFencer,"Having put 27 hours into the game now, I think it deserves a review.Even though this is in alpha there is still a good amount of content to play around with. You can make all the things, dig all the tiles (minus the ""bottom"" of the starting planet. Not sure if that will change later), fight all the creatures and feel cool doing it. My favorite thing has to be the laser digger; you can upgrade it to the point where you literally just pass over tiles and they are already dug. This is awesome.The data module that talks to you (Agis its called?) its rather amusing, talking to you like you would someone over the internet rather than an in-person conversation. I laughed outloud a few times at its responses.Its still got a ways to go but I feel like this game could be a real gem with the kind of developers it has. Good job guys and gals!TLDR; If you like Starbound or Terraria at ALL, you'll enoy this game."
,Recommended,263200,9111165,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Starwars2711,Signs of life is a creative survival crafting very much like starbound terraria and a little bit like minecraft except you are in 2D and i recommend people this game because it to those gamers who like being trapped in a hole waiting till morning or maybe risk your whole inventory just to kill the magical beast or mob's  these are proablly the reason you play these type of games or maybe your own reason but theses are my reason but i really enjoy this game and i think if your that type of person you should buy this. (KEEP IN THOUGHT THIS IS STILL AN ALPHA)
76561198018578688,Recommended,263200,8946802,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,JauntyElf,This game is pretty sweet. Still in early access but lots of content and fun to be had.Edit: I havent played in a long while but I just watched the new videos and a TON of new content has been added. Going to have to get back into it!
76561198072238232,Recommended,263200,25515647,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Sycoperson,"So I've had this game since around Christmas of 2015 and didn't start to actually play it until very recently. And I wish I had started back when I first got it. This game is a LOT of fun. The crafting is simple and diverse, fighting monsters is difficult when you first spawn, but as you progress (get better tools, armor, etc.) they become much easier, but to keep the challenge aspect the game has minibosses, bosses, and the monsters get progressively tougher as you dig deeper. The game also has a story that you can follow if that's your thing, which I recommend as it leads you to some good rewards. The devs are also pretty active too which is always a plus. Overall I rate this game a 9/10 and highly recommend you get it."
76561198080489924,Recommended,263200,9025620,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,ProjectPat333,"So fun, can not wait for the full game!"
,Recommended,263200,16462888,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,FilthieFresh,"First encounter with a spitter...peed my pants/10. I definetly recommend this game if you love terraria and or starbound.One of the reasons Im loving this game is because it has a ""realistic"" feel to it. Mostly just the movements of your character. Its a challenge at first, frustrating even, not a bad thing! You get a feeling of accomplishment when you craft some hard♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm excited to see what the developers will come up with next! For the price it's at, it's a steal in my opinion, this game is, and will be a grade A gem when it's fully done! Fantastic game!"
76561198103188739,Not Recommended,263200,33758110,Posted: 23 July,all,║²¿»♥TerraRia♥«?³║,"It has potential, but until it has more content, No for me...Glad the Developers are hardly working on it."
76561197999176938,Recommended,263200,8873836,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,LegionErebos,"So far its pretty good, I find it delivers what it sets out to do and that is to make you explore. Its got interesting controls, mechanics and a nice UI. I for one am a fan of these types of games and each one always brings its own unique ideas to the table. Looking forward to future development. (^_^)/"
,Recommended,263200,32487484,Posted: 16 June,all,darkshadowflower,"I really like the graphics of this game and it is very terraria like.  I do think some of the monsters could be a bit more obvious or avoidable, I would also Love to see a bit more description of what it takes to get into some of the alien temples you find and what the materials you gather can be used for.  I have so much junk in my cases I don't know if I will need any of it or should just trash can it.  For an early access this is a really good game over all though and Yes I would and have recommended it to other people I know play similar games."
76561198027450214,Not Recommended,263200,31447929,Posted: 29 April,all,Cherono Lord,"So far I've only wrote one other comment on a game in Steam, and that game was Spece Engineers, and I only did so well after 1000 hours of playing.With that said, don't let the few hours I played Signs of Life to fool you.I like the graphics, I like the idea and the mining and gathering of materials.A sarcastic AI with foul mouth is really fun but here the downfall begin.It took me way too long to understand the controls, I've had to google just to understand how to use the mining laser.The UI need alot of work and improvment, in particular the inventory system.Having different bags to hold different items, I like how some bags automatically take certian resources such as food, ores or plants, but the big problem is that every inventory container take up huge space on the screen, while the icons of different items can be often too small.Another problem is that many items are most likely overlap each other, making it difficult to find what I'm looking for.Having the containers interface take smaller space on screen and the items arranged in grid like fasion, with fixed size icons and a number to represent quantity will be much better than the current way it is now.On that note it seems that except of few items, all the stackable items don't have limit to quantity per stack.Eating is only needed for auto health regen, and maybe I understood it wrong but maybe the character should suffer damage from starvetion?And how come I haven't seen yet some kind of med kit (other than food that is) to restore HP?On scale of 1 to 10 I sadly have to mark it with 5 at most and so far can't really recommand it..This game has promissing potential but it need to be refined."
,Not Recommended,263200,18335101,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,some guys friends friend,"I can't recommend this game, especially when you consider its price. If you wanna fork out that kind of dough you're better off getting Starbound or Terraria.The game has a very clunky feel to it and it's obvious that it's early-access.Maybe it won't be so bad when it gets out of early-access but I'm doubtful."
,Recommended,263200,18005709,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,<Blank>,"A 2D survival sandbox with new mechanics, very good shaped.You can build your base finding materials and mining with a laser or make a pickaxeThe monsters are a good challenge, but i think we need boss eventsThe controls aren't hard to learn, and we have weight for armors(yay!)The history aren't done yet but looks goodYou can upgrade your mining laser by crafting better gems and you can break more powerfull blocksWhat we expect to comeExploration in SpaceBigger WorldsNPCS and Civilization betwen himBetter Weapon Crafting(Like in dead space 3)Diagonal blocks(Smoothing the world, not only blocks `-´)"
,Recommended,263200,8894442,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Dr.Wild Card,"So i play very little time but from what i play it is a good game, so give it a try out"
,Recommended,263200,9222993,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Xeyo,"This is a great singleplayer (and now multiplayer i belive) game for the price, the developers frequently update the game when really they dont have to as i would now classify it as an ""old"" game and has made probably 80%+ of the revenue it ever will so that shows promise.I would reccomend this game to both ""casual"" and ""hardcore"" gamers. :P7/10."
,Recommended,263200,9788078,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Terry from the Gasworks,"Very nicely designed and put together (considering its still in early access) there is a very in depth tech tree, some epic mobs and bosses so far, nicely thought up and designed storyline (whats done of it) and overall just loads of content to get lost in for quite some time and the best part, ITS NOT EVEN HALF WAY DONE YET!. If your looking for a singleplayer (possibly multiplayer in the future) sandbox game like terraria, spacebound, Edge of space and the likes, this one is well worth the few dollars for hours if not days of entertainment."
,Recommended,263200,17551706,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,xX_generic.usrname_Xx,Great Game lots of content commands are fun to mess around with but the games story kinda hits a dead end. but the game is still very fun and i would definitly reccomend it to anyone who likes terraria or games in the sci-fi genre
76561198013028763,Recommended,263200,12174836,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Raj,"Alright my hat is off to the Dev(s) for this game! It is truly the most fun I have had since the chemestry portion of System Shock 2. Now that’s not a comparison but Signs of Life does have this in common with that title; no hand holding. Please don't change this, guys. That one aspect is where so many other designers take their game down a few notches by dictating to you exactly how you will spend your free time. In its current state Signs of Life walks the fine line between ""How the F do I.."" and ""Why did I pay for that?""Here a bit of practical knowledge in how things are made and critical thinking of how to solve problems will enhance the way you play this game. You don't know how to make alloys? Read the Wikipedia page of how it’s done and you will more than likely be able to figure out the approximation within the game.""But Raj I'm dumb as FK and the only way I can afford to play games is because people on the street pay me to eat rocks and stuff. Why do I care about this game?!"" It's cool man, one: Get a factory job. Two: you can strike creatures until they die and then eat them in this game so you are covered. Many flashing lights with pictures and sounds of outside things in here.There is so much I could talk about my experience so far that I would be here for another eight paragraphs when I know you guys won’t read it and I would rather be playing the game some more. So I'll just say this:If you think the industry is dying and there is nothing (good, original, fun, engaging, immersive) left out there and you WISH there was.. BUY. THIS. GAME. RIGHT. NOW.Dev Team: I will blindly buy your next title."
,Recommended,263200,9168127,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Regicold,"Kinda something great. It's got mix of story, scripted and random. It's pretty different which makes it good."
76561198135125214,Recommended,263200,15131799,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Santtupoika,"Awesome survival game, awesome content. Just missing some stoyline, but is probably being worked on. Probably."
76561198005803180,Recommended,263200,20675660,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Redwind24,"This game is obviously a work in progress and is lacking in some areas noticably the story which sets a damn good background but ends way too soon (Early Access and more due to come later). The crafting system is well thought out and your avatar has a genuine weight behind it which is lacking in other similar titles (looking at you starbound).Early Access though it may be there is still some content here worthy of the price they are asking (bout £8 at the time of this review) and I can heartily recommend this game if you are a fan of survival, crafting and terrraria/starbound."
76561197970371516,Recommended,263200,14068171,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Mavor,"Just a few hours in and I already love it. The art style is captivating and fresh - the animations bring alot of life to your character, something these sort of 2d games arent really known for.Im a huge fan of the 2d survival/adventure/metroidvainia/crafting/mining (lol) genre, played pretty much all of them - and I have to say Signs of Life really feels and look great - a fitting addition to the library.Looking forward to more! =)"
76561198032080065,Recommended,263200,31330838,Posted: 23 April,all,Dave-Grigger,"Game is awesome, and adult, and the characters arent microscopically small on the screen. Could be amazing, ive played though the content once a yearfor the past two years. Best of all the side scrolling crafting games ive played. I have this fear though, that its never going to be finished,Edit 4-27-2017Very pleased to have the developer respond to my comment, this is one of the few games that I have loved for the past many years, if you are considering this game at all, buy it, it is increidbly polished and fun, with great mechanics (the wrist lazer and upgrades are so fun) once its finished I have no doubt this game will be on my top ten favoites of all time, right along with games like FF7, Ocarina of Time, RE4 etc. Its a fresh expereince with great story and mechanics. Exicted to see it finished, cudos to the devs, so glad you havnt cut and run like so many other, best wishes to you.For the price the game is amazing and ive enjoyed it infinitely more than triple A titiles that ive spent 60 plus on, to anyone interested, buy this game and support the devs, we need more games like this. Very well done"
76561198006148422,Recommended,263200,19786124,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,JonnyD73,"Ok, for those of you who like this style of game, and are looking for something new, this game has some very fun aspects. The game does bottleneck at the mining restrictions like most of this type so progress is limited to perseverance. It is not quite as good as some of the other titles in the arena, but it has potential to become very interesting. It is worth the price they are asking and defenately worth it if you can find it on sale."
76561198269659466,Recommended,263200,23677614,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Fujion Reviews,"Fun game, storyline and good sprites, good buy"
76561198022597011,Not Recommended,263200,29654850,Posted: 2 February,all,Centurion,"Game needs content beside digging and rarely crafting something.From my 10 hours of playing 9 was digging down down and down to get some new ores to smelt - lead or silver or else.Nothing really happens, alien bases are just empty or drones there. I can't see any reason to build home at all (as you can smelt everywhere).Great idea with bracelet upgrades, but I was able to find 1 red gem for all 10 hours in the box at alien base - never found it while digging. So how much rewarded should I be improving my bracelet mining power after xxx hours of digging? That doesn't feel right.Game seems boring and what should be fun (digging, building) seems rather punishing, when you need to spend several hours to dig down to get lead or silver. If you are interested, I would advise you to separate 'digging layers' not by huge length as it is now (instead you should reduce it at list 2-3 times), but by filling each 'digging layer' with unique and really dangerous enemies. That would make a reason to smelt / craft 'all that' - and you know, preparing yourself for danger & fighting it or be smart to avoid it and get rare resources is 100 times more fun then just digging one extra hour"
76561198078143273,Not Recommended,263200,31636145,Posted: 8 May,all,Mouful,"This game has potential, so much damn potential but right now it's not exactly worth buying due to lack of content especially with what the trailer promises. Although I like the mechanics like the scanning, collecting resources using your tool, and the sort of dungeons you have to go through underground, there's not much to do in the game other than build meaningless structures or kill stuff."
76561197970755392,Recommended,263200,28615971,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,OPUS,"Well, not the most user friendly game so far.  I spent a short time getting used to the interface and controls but have already found a couple of issues.I changed the Font/Text Size in Optioins to Large but there is still alot of small text around, especially in some of the pop-up boxes.More importantly, I tried to change one of the key bindings and it doesn't work.  A certain action is defaulted to the middle mouse button, but I prefer to use the Right Mouse Button...but no dide.  It would not accept the RMB as valid!?  I'll check with the Devs and see if that can be fixed.To game looks great and you get some useful tools right off the bat.  So while the keybinging issue is a bummer, I'm still giving this game an Early Access Rating of TBD... (To Be Determined)"
76561198126404018,Recommended,263200,17802308,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,hairyballbastic,"this game really ♥♥♥♥ing nailled it... except the story, it felt like a custom map on minecraft to me, but still its a really great game ( the 3d printer is the coolest because it actually shows you it making the item... )"
,Recommended,263200,20913879,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,M3Tank,Best game but no lava and water
76561197995321987,Recommended,263200,9133009,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,KO,"Really enjoy playing this game. I am a big fan of Starbound. This game is very immersive also. I really like the progressive learning that is evident in the game. And thus far the mystery surrounding the game via messages is great. Did not really know if the map device would be useful. But it is proving to very important to the games progression. All I have to say is keep the content coming. I also really like the crafting involved. Also like that combat has many ways that it can be resolved, not forcing one into just one solution. Thank you also for the console toggle that lets you determine if you want to lose all possessions or not. You give the player the option to play as one pleases instead of being forced to only what the developers or just a select group of people would want."
76561198097391335,Recommended,263200,9248740,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,warlock,"after my first review,i decided to rewrite.this game , to put it simply is very addictive. multi player woulnt go a miss though"
,Recommended,263200,10685383,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Scar,"This feels like its going to be an amazing game out of early access. I have to say, I enjoy the graphics, and seems to have plenty to do. Very fun, good graphics for a side scroll game. Music is well chosen, keeps you immersed in the game. I find the game very similar to starbound, but with graphic improvements. There are obvious differences, but has a similar feel."
,Recommended,263200,9470509,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Platy✬,"OK. WOW! im not sure how many hours i put in. but i bought this game this morning. and havent been able to put it down since. i dont think ive eaten today either. this game is early access, and so far, ive seen almost 0 bugs. and those are just silly visuals that dont take away from the game itself. the open sandbox and ammount of things you can do just by standing still and crafting is astounding. i am really impressed. im an avid sandbox gamer. (minecraft, tererria, rust ect.) and since its only 10 bucks usd, i KNOW im going to get my moneys worth. i cant stress the beautiful graphics even on a 1080+ just stunning. for all you sandbox fans, this is something to get while its only 10 bucks.the downside is people who are new to sandbox games might have a difficult time gettin the grasp of it all in one go. i would say intermediate level of play. but again, ive barely scratched the surface of this gem.BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME OR THE ROBOT CHICKEN WILL SHOOT RPGS AT YOU AND YOULL DIE AN EMBARASSING DEATH. MWHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Graphics amazingStory- Confusing, but good.Would like to see: Some sort of tutorial and an advanced tutorial maybe?who gives  a♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥up."
,Recommended,263200,9021286,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Xoyv,"it's quite interesting. the character feels more ""alive"" than just a 2d iamge, and there's a big crafting stsyem avalible with various weapons, clothing, armor, materials, and much moreoh, and your ""Assistant"" is quite hilarious too"
,Recommended,263200,11123616,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Quest,"If you are fan if Terraria, and it got boring for you, try this game. It's very good :)"
,Recommended,263200,11977985,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,BoneProcessor,"Awesome game! I would definitely recomend this game to anyone who loves sandbox games.  I've become addicted!  I also find that I have not had real buggy experiences with the game, and it has never crashed. I expect some issues as it grows, but so far it has been cool to play!  It has  the right amount of everything, I am looking forward to new updates!"
,Recommended,263200,9600671,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,ChapsDungaroo,"Other reviews have already said most of what I want to say so I'll just say this: Signs of Life is a freakin' steal at 10 bucks. The developer is one of the most active dev's I have seen on an Early Access game (not saying others aren't. Just saying that *I* have seen) and truly wants to have the community shape this game. Craftables, combat, humor, sound design, all of it is fantastic.Also giant robot chickens.GET IT!"
76561198038046971,Recommended,263200,17279349,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Tony [Actual Skeleton],"'Signs of life' is another one of 'dem ol' Sanbox games. But unlike most sandbox games, Signs of life has a lot more of a better feel to it, such as characters bending this way and that to look in the mouse's direction, pickaxes colliding with rock in it's swing arc regardless of whether or not that's the one you aim your cursor at, running and walking aminations are great, and all in all it brings a lot of life to the character. You're not some blocky dude, or a sprite that looks like it was ripped from Final fantasy, you play as a detailed human being.You begin your journey alone, save for your trusty wrist device's AI (Whom may or may not have zero sympathy for human life), aboard a pod freshly landed on some alien planet that isn't too different from earth, save for the fact that you can probably walk along it's surface in like, 15 minutes. But you aren't quite so alone, with sheep, tapirs, and other generally peaceful wildlife decorating the planet's surface, while deep underground, you'll find things that you'll need to shake more than just a stick at.With plenty of weapons, armors, parts, items, objects, and basically a whole metric sh-tton of other stuff, this game is packed with crafting materials. And you don't just use some logs to make things like a chair. No, you saw them into planks, use cotton and thread to make padding, and craft nails that you require a hammer to use to assamble the entire thing. Crafting isn't just slapping a few pieces together, you craft all of the parts needed to assemble what you need. And there's lots of things to be made. Need guns? SMGs, handguns, shotguns, rifles and more are a lengthy mining trip away. Want to hit things? Swords, clubs, bats, and even weapons made from pieces of your foes can be made to give your target a good beating or cut them down to size. Want to protect your delicate babyflesh? Armors can be made out of anything, from wood and twine, to bone, to iron, to silver, to some of the rarest minerals you can find.The game is still in alpha when this review is/was made, but it's still a fantastic game so far, with multiplayer now built in and more amazing things on the way. Keep it up, developers, this one may just set a trend for a whole new generation of sandbox games."
,Recommended,263200,25358445,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,True Reclaimer,"Pretty good game.Its like Terraria and Starbound but more fleshed out.Coop is kinda a mess due to loot and quest items not having separate drops per player, so it can ruin the game."
,Recommended,263200,15504865,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Geneticus,"It was fun for a while, but missing multiplayer and the ability to travel to other planets/biomes made me lose interest after about 60 hours of gameplay.  Still a good buy compared to how much some new titles cost for the same amount of game play hours."
,Recommended,263200,31460435,Posted: 30 April,all,San9uine,"I haven't played the game pretty long. I've played it with together with my brother. The game itself is very good for its price. I love how much effort is put into the whole details of the environment, the animations, the fighting system. Everything fits very good together and also looks very good. The story is very short so far. Will not tell any details to this, because the game is not finished now. The only ""disappointment"" so far is, that the developing-progess is quite slow. As an IT-Trainee I fully understand this, especially when you're not a crap-AAA title studio. There were times where I though this game died. But then, an update releases! I really hope that the dev/devs continue to develop this masterpiece, because there is a LOT of potential in this game as far as I've seen it. Have a look at starbound or terraria, those games are as well still played and in a similar genre. To compare it with those two titles, this game is similar to those two titles, but its more deep and immersive, feels more realistic and the atmosphere is totally different. I hope the development on this wonderful game is going to continue and maybe one day, this game will be at least as fameous as Starbound and Terraria!"
76561198011190679,Recommended,263200,14079089,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,oneill,"wonderful game, plenty to do and explore the only fault i can find with this game and its not a bad one is theres no multiplayer would have been nice to play with others but regardless thanks to the devs and keep the good work coming :)"
76561197972321908,Recommended,263200,17971636,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,zyl0x,"Decent Terraria-type sandbox game. Leans more towards a realistic feel than the other games in the genre. Has a goofy sense of humor, but doesn't feel like it's overdone. Developer has stated they are focusing more on an enriching story than a free-form building game. Already has some interesting plot elements, but still feels a little shallow right now. Lots of construction options, but a lot of them feel kinda pointless at the current time - feels like a work in progress, which is only a bad thing if the developer doesn't follow through.Overall at this point in time, a good game for maybe 10-15 hours of playing. I think it's worth the current asking price of $11. Looking forward to some future updates. especially the continuation of the story, and I'll probably come back and check them out."
,Recommended,263200,17496029,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Lukxx,"Simply amazing! If you like survival exploration games like Terraria or Minecraft, you will surely fall in love with this one."
,Recommended,263200,8903778,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Aaltopahvi,Scroll bind key made by request for scroll handicapped. 'nuff said.
76561198012957029,Recommended,263200,16751189,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,danderson_,"I give this game two thumbs up!Basically finished all the progression/story content in about 30hrs and I can hardly wait for the complete version. WAY more fun than Starbound. The writing is funny, and I really liked the designers approach to mining/exploring.Now, there were a couple things that bugged me, but they are so minor that they aren't even worth listing. Great job dev's, can't wait for 1.0!"
76561198128953345,Recommended,263200,29809946,Posted: 9 February,all,Flinger34,"It's a nice game even though a small one, but there's still plenty of stuff in it and more coming in every update. I just wonder if there's going to be a space travel update."
,Recommended,263200,9132884,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Quentessential,really good game with top notch devs that love the game and the gamer community that make it happen
,Recommended,263200,15647093,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,D3SYNC,THIS GAME IS PURELY AWESOME!i bought it last week and cant stop playing!
,Recommended,263200,16495250,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Narak,"I have the game for quite some time and I haven't played for a while now, but just today I was looking at the patch notes and saw some cool stuff.It's obvious they aren't a big studio and the updates take time to come out, but the game is looking great and they really listen to the community.Do buy."
,Recommended,263200,29952038,Posted: 15 February,all,JestfulHam,"I got bored witht his game kinda quick...(yes i am aware of the early access of it). I havent touched in idk how long. I feel there needs to be an element (which could be on the ""todo list"") for Space. Something like Starbound esk maybe even alil more involved than starbounds. Maybe actually control the ship, fly it around aimless, find messed up crafts or full functional and habbitated space stations etc. Thats just an idea.The game has potentual to knock starbound/terraria (spelling) Of there 2d pegs. But they need to expand their reach and dream big"
,Recommended,263200,17081266,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Microsoft Word,"sure, terraria 1.2.4.1 allowed me to download it, terraria 1.3 did'nt howeverso ive migrated to this game.for once, the graphics are better than most games.the gameplay is phenominal, and the real life terms are amazing."
76561198146569858,Recommended,263200,18027675,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Angry Marine,"I like this gameIt has a good mix of ores and weapons and armor but maybe needs an extra ore or two.Its combat system works well and i love the fact that there is different facilitys for you to explore.And you do run out of thengs to do but im sure they will fix that. I like the idea of still having human animals but it needs mre life and more mini bosses like the robot chicken. And im confused about the story line, Are you trying to survive or get off the planet?, Weapons are good but maybe could do with a few more. But if you like sci fi side scrollers this is for you.I reccomend this game for all and i enjoy to this day and good luck with future development and updates developer."
76561198184493778,Recommended,263200,25034822,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Super Comrade,More people should play this game. It's very good but needs more content like biomes and more.
76561198041509901,Recommended,263200,10724054,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Totally Sane Swedish,threw a brick at a chicken and bats swarmed in to kill me10/10
,Recommended,263200,12395807,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Populix,"Signs of life. The title of the game explains exactly what this game injects into the Open World/ Survial/ Building hybrid genre thing that a good few games have going on. A pulse in the almost ""Beating a dead horse"" game style. A sign of life that is! Puns aside. I don't compare games. Signs of Life lands you on an alien planet, that isn't too alien. It's like Earth in ways, thats why it was chosen. But like Earth it's got it's own life forms and plant life. This of course means some will be harmless and others want your sweet meats! Gravity is still a thing here, but your guy jumps like it may be less, or he might just be robot from the waist down, I don't know IT'S SPACE AGE FUTURE STUFF!Onto the game itself. There's a story, but it's being worked on of course. The crafting is pretty solid, a component you might need to craft makes sense. One thing about it, is you're gonna need to take steps at times. Take Dynamite sticks for example, you need cotton and wood to make a spool of cotton fabric, then you need the fabric AND more cotton to make cotton cushoining. But that's still only 1 out of 4 items you need to make Dynamite. This isn't really a problem with how much the game provides you with! Sure you think it has too many things around, but you're also on an Alien planet that hasn't been overrun by humanity so supplies abundant! And you're gonna notice you wished you collected more before trying to craft, trust me.This is a good game. I can see it going in a good direction and the scale being wonderous. Buy it for a breath of fresh air."
76561198081110011,Recommended,263200,30183425,Posted: 25 February,all,N7Pork,"Awesome just awesome, played for almost 20 hours before realizing theres no water anywhere"
,Recommended,263200,12884097,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Sandwichman,"I am now recommending the game so please disregard what I wrote below about the controls, as the Dev pointed out in the comments, you can press down the wheel button to grab things instead of having to use the tool bar and you can use tings from the inv instead of the tool bar. That was completely my mistake. That actually changes a lot of the issues I personally had, and this is now a YES RECOMMEND game now.I've saved the original review below for context with the dev comments:------Previous review--------I cannot recommend this game at this time. It's too early to buy.I think a lot of the problems I had were with the early access so don't take this as a complete no on recommendation, just no for now.  It's a bit clunky and counter intuitive, the controls are not optimal and the toolbelt can be frustrating. I think it's just too early right now, and it's clear there is a lot of work to go on the game. I'm not sure if I have a lot of faith in the controls getting better because they're so bad, but hey anything can happen from now and the time of completion. So take that comment with a grain of salt. On a more positive note there are some really great moments to this game and it shows a large amount of potential.I will review this again at a later date as the game is more complete and hopefully upgrade it to a recommend. But for right now, I can't recommend it for the state that it's in.----------End of old review------------Thank you so much to the Dev for responding and clearing up that issue with the game, turns out it was me. I can tell that this game is going to be good, and the fact that the dev took the time out to help me with my specific issue is beyond awesome. Thanks Signs of Life!"
,Recommended,263200,14293365,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Zander,"SOL(Signs of Life) is an EPIC game! It's so fun to play!SOL has many things to craft, create, build and fight. This game is well programmed and has great performance on all my computers and notebooks, I can't believe it's still in Alpha its more like a full game."
,Recommended,263200,14039846,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Llyagushen,A nice sci-fi Terraria-like game. Has intriguing enough story (not finished yet). I liked it. I'm waiting for the full release.
,Recommended,263200,28931839,Posted: 1 January,all,Mockya ♊,"Im in love with this game,waiting for the new updates because i already done everything i can do in this game, very hyped for the new updatesEDIT:i feel like the game is abandoned, i've waited for too long and all i got is a grabbling hook which i must say it should be a rare thing to find because it makes the game too easy, not that rare but just something that you find by exploring"
76561198029647236,Recommended,263200,20762460,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Foxtrot39,"So far I don't see much bad to say on this game beside that's its only in alpha for now and therefore have to wait for new contentNote aside : for those who complain about the game as abbandonned : its a 2 man team project, and its aiming pretty far: it will stay in devellopment hell for quite a whileExpect to get about 5 update per year (content update, not holiday update)Pros-Good animation-Good graphic style-Good gameplay-Just enough story to keep things interesting (more to come)-Relaxing music while playing-Dem stupid archievements ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Cons-Lack of content (because its in alpha, but you are going to sink quite some hours before you think you seen it all)-Enemy AI mostly shooting in straight line whenever they have ranged weapon, making it easy to defeat most of them-Map is pretty small for now, you can run for 40 sec and reach the other side wich is looping you backOther info-When you start, you have a 9mm gun with 1 bullet, a flare gun with some flares, a random auto sorting bag and a GPS beacon in your rescuepod in a container-No item droped disapear over time and when you die the GPS you carry with you emit a signale visible on your minimap-The Grinder turn some useless junk into interesting stuff, making grinding less grindy *pun*-Avoid shaving sheepsLooking foward to new content"
,Not Recommended,263200,34077403,Posted: 7 August,all,Сarn,"The fact that game is quite short (one planet) is OK for now, early access game.Inventory at first confusing, but it's better than Terraria - you can bring any amount of signed boxes with you and stuff you are picking up will be piled up with same stuff you have in the box.There is some interesting enemies, but mostly they are like nervous dummies - stand right under you, or before high blocks. Robots fire with their guns right in front of them, although you are not standing in their way.Crafting tree is quite ok, it could be larger (as there is nothing falls out of turtles - it must be larger), but it can cause a lot of trouble to find needed recipe - there is no way to see a list of goods that can be made from some material (as you can do with the guide in Terraria).I haven't find no NPC in game - there is no need in house in the game, all you need is crafting station.A good beginning, but the game does not pull."
,Recommended,263200,23540752,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Ashrai,"Hey Devs, I'll give you this positive review as motivation & thanks for the good work so far.But I have a question: where are you and how will developement progress? This game is lovely, but if the updates keep coming in the same pace as currently, 1.0 will release in 2019 at the earliest. :-/"
76561197992223767,Recommended,263200,23530034,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,greenmancurt,Truly a fun game. Been a long time since an update. Hope it doesn't die. Has a lot of potential.Thanks devs!
,Recommended,263200,12744489,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Qabu,"Great game so far, i can't wait for them to go on with the story. I've finished most of the game throught creative. I would recommend this."
,Recommended,263200,9625282,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,WD-40,"Good game,in spite of alpha version"
76561198253561173,Recommended,263200,29232351,Posted: 13 January,all,Phoenix700,Was really fun at first but it got boring after half an hour because there wasn't really a clear goal. I have refunded it but I might buy it again if it comes out of early access.
,Recommended,263200,9152405,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Yoda,Great game. Cant wait to see whats next :)
76561198081873854,Recommended,263200,12699824,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,DeFiLogos,its an awesome game but i want to know are they ever going to update it......?
76561198121061279,Recommended,263200,17420393,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Ozdogatron III Esq,Excellent game with loads of content. Looking forward to the next update. 10/10 :)
,Recommended,263200,8986499,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,SmokeyMcP,"Having alot of fun with this game. For being in its early stages is shows it's got a lot to offer. building, crafting, exploring, and chicken hunting. (and being chicken hunted) I can only see this getting better with every update."
,Recommended,263200,14275706,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Gnugfuriuz,Though it looks like alot of games we have all played before. The animations and story so far is entertaining. Cant wait to see wich direction the developer takes this.
,Recommended,263200,17669119,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Clarin Krystal,"This game is actually very fun.  For being in early access still this game has so much to offer.You can mine, build, upgrade, hunt and much more!To get better gear you have to collect all materials you come across and to access certain stations you may have to even explore deep under ground or break into other buildings just to get the ability to access the stations.All in all - I love this game and I look forward to what else they have to offer."
,Recommended,263200,20376016,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Morally Bankrupt,"This game is really good.  The controls are tight and the artwork is very pretty.  It's like Edge of Space except this is executed properly.  Both games have similar descriptions but 'Signs of Life' has the fundamentals down pat.  If you were apprehensive about buying this game because of past disappoints with other games in the genre, don't worry.  The Devs are focusing on the right areas for this game's design and will put more of the content in later, as opposed to some other games out there with all the bells and whistles but have artwork that clashes and mushy controls."
,Recommended,263200,23007079,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Jeremy VII,Awesome game. Lots of things to do. Vast world many creatures to encounter. BUY IT!
76561198008079951,Recommended,263200,9258748,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,KaasuJalka,"Good game. Refreshing design. Some minor problems with UI, but it does not effect gameplay too much. Now my score is 8/10, in the future... maybe 9/10 :D"
76561198027298307,Recommended,263200,9272466,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Gwave Lowd,The only thing that will make this game even better is some kind of meat tree.10/10 would jerk it again
76561198056282332,Recommended,263200,8959377,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Clonex 101,"I have starbound as well and clocked a lot of time on it, Signs of life is quite diffrent really. Very clunkly seeming but I know its a early access, very enjoyable though and the reason im up at 6 am on my first day of holiday. ^^"
76561197994456713,Recommended,263200,9010657,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Mookalakai,You can eat chicken wings and fire a crossbow while laying in bed in this game. I recommend it to anyone who can no longer do those things in real life for whatever reason.
,Recommended,263200,12237445,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,VanWinK1LL,"Early access Terraria-like game. So far it's fun, but has a ways to go development-wise. If you're into early access stuff like me, go for it. Otherwise, wait it out."
76561198007098206,Recommended,263200,12311146,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Lolomancer,"It's like Darkout gets pregnant from Terraria... Well, baby might be very talented."
76561198051183593,Recommended,263200,12431056,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Dextran,Very nice Terraria-like game!! Nice graphics for a very small game ( little more then 400Meg ).
76561198134821348,Recommended,263200,17054648,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,csbrodie01,Very fun game and say you should really check it outbut have to say may not be your prefrence
76561198030958733,Recommended,263200,18341613,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,AAA,"This game is great, go ahead and play it. I only wish it had more content, but since it's early access, I'm sure content is coming soon.But goddamn, this game really feels like an incredible adventure!"
76561198089989828,Recommended,263200,9223646,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,floboug,"You tried starbound ? This one is 10X better. Buy it ! It is a fun and clever game :- Nice features, blocks realistic and lovely (not the painted ones of starbound)- An amusing story, yes you red it, a STORY you discover reading data-notes- A real crafting system (and a real scavenging) No you will not copy stuff, you will have to craft them !- Hard to progress if you're not carefull (as in minecraft). Advice, first stay in surface and craft at least a bone armor.- Challenging mobs with their differents strenght and weakness. Don't try to attack the armored one with bow/sword- Even the mining or fight animations are nicer than the Starbound ones ...You will enjoy it.Some time after :It seems i geared my character to the max and killed any kind of mobs ... I still can built an house. There is only one kind of planet.  I wait updates, the creators are very actives  ;)"
,Recommended,263200,9309051,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,tac.dragonrider,"The game is great at it's current level of development. Though the game can be frustorating when it comes to finding certain resources, like grey stone to make a campfire, lack of clear objectives and directions, and the very small hit boxes on the creatures (talking about when you try to kick a creature), I really like the game. It has pretty good controls and a really good concept. The theme of a sifi, sandbox, building game really fits it. Despite some difficulties navigating caves and the other frustrations, i can easily see this game grow to multiplayer game that almost loved by all. As the game developes, I bet a lot of the games current tools, like the mini map hologram, will change and upgraded to even better tools (couldn't think of anything  better to say there). At it's currently an alpha game, i give the game a 6 out of 10, because I know others might not be as patience and understanding of its alpha gameplay. To me personally though, I give it a 7 or 8."
,Recommended,263200,30023179,Posted: 18 February,all,Arturo,"I've had this game for too damned long without doing a proper review. I got this game pretty early in its dev cycle, and with every update it just gets more and more fun. It's one of those games I keep coming back to. Tons of weapons and tools and... quite frankly, toys to play with. Kill mobs with swords, a whip, aluminum baseball bats, bottle rockets, party snaps, firecrackers, a blunderbuss, a heavy duty laser cannon...Definitely a game with a sense of humor. IMO, it's a bargain at twice the price."
,Recommended,263200,10406993,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,studlycuddlybuddy,"This game is awesome! wow! Where to begin? So much awesome stuff to craft. It may be a little slowpaced and you won't get alot of recipes at first, but in all fairness the game is in Alpha and it is very awesome for being in Alpha. I have committed 70 hours to this game so far and I hope to commit many, many more!Yes it does need fleshing out, BUT the Develepors actually listen to you. You can vote for items on their homepage and make suggestions in the forum. Hell, they even talked to me a couple times when I posted problems I was having with the game and pointed me in the right direction. What else can I say?Do you like rocket launchers, cool snazzy threads, giant chickens that rain hellfire( ok its only one giant chicken so far and dont think there will be any others but he is supposed to play a more important role later), machine guns, dynamite, whips, chains? oops, no chains. sorry. Anyways. Get this game and help us help you help us help you all by posting in the forums and helping the devs."
76561197996796661,Recommended,263200,10466292,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Razes all,Though Signs of Life is another 2D sandbox it stands out from the others. It has more of a serious sci-fi survival experience rather than the toony features of Terraria and Starbound. The environment is very divers and full of creatures. Some familiar and others quite alien (and terrifying giant robotic ch---- well I don't want to spoil it). If you like Terraria or other 2D sandboxes this game is a must-have.
76561198053351215,Recommended,263200,14090769,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Jackie Moon,Very fun. Polished looks great. Guarenteed to be great when fully released!
76561198090246485,Recommended,263200,9165985,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sir Tricky,"Without a doubt this does have the makings of a great game, however a lot of tailoring is required to make this game better, at the moment it is a lot like the free internet game epic inventor, which is not a bad thing. It is most definitely worth the investment for the time you will lay it, also a challenging game to play as it does not hold your hand"
76561198015676527,Recommended,263200,14120938,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,diaganos1,"I haven't thought of playing a platform like game before.  But this is really great.  The exploring, crafting and hunting are fun.  Looking forward to many hours of play."
,Recommended,263200,17186097,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Hotcrotch,A great Game! Deserves way more credit!11/10 would murder Robotic Chicken Buff WreckingtonI do wish it had more acheivments tho!
76561198072195140,Recommended,263200,24660509,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Parallax Core,"I love this game so much more than Starbound, even though it's still unfinished... sooooo much smoother, a lot more immersive, better UI... what a shame it's still not finished :/"
76561197993727910,Recommended,263200,21344189,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,RockNoggin,Best game since Minecraft!  I would like more ranch/farming options even if I dont actually need the food :)
,Recommended,263200,34137902,Posted: 9 August,all,Kavrick,"First of all, i'd only recommend this if you dont mind steep learning curve. I'm gonna start off with the bad stuff and the glaringly obvious first problem is that the game gives you very very little direction. Although i kinda like being left to my own devices, it feels like a lot of basic things you need are pretty hard to find, mining traditionally just simply isn't worth it, as the stuff you really need isn't easy to find just by mining tiles, your best bet is smashing diposits you find in caves, which is kinda tedious to go around and find them. The second huge problem this game suffers from is the UI is terrible, it looks nice, i like all the bags and how they sort themselves depending on what kinda bag they are, but the items are so small that it's hard to find what you're looking for.Now i'll go on to the good parts, the biggest thing i love about this game might be weird, but i love how great this game controls, all the movement and animations are really smooth and just feel great. And to go along with this game having a steep learning curve, it has tons of stuff in it, loads of stuff to craft and read, but of course this also means that the amount of stuff is kinda overwehlming, there's a lot of stuff with no direction.Overall, this game plays great and has a lot of content, although you can go through the content rather fast and the dev team seems to be rather slow with how fast they make content for the game. Fighting is pretty basic in this game but it's far from clunky, i feel like melee weapons are just way stronger than ranged, i understand that this is for balance, but running up and hitting them with your sword is way less hastle than crafting tons of ammo and slowely chipping away at enemies, as ranged weapons seem to do less than half the damage of melee.As for if i'd recommend this, if you love crafting games, i would recommend this, it's a good time sink for just running around fighting, building and mining, the crafting can be a bit tedious with certain recipies needing a lot of small and rather trivial items which seems kinda unneccessary but overall i'd say it's a good game."
76561198053925279,Recommended,263200,18283333,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Fire,This is a fun game for all the Family to play.
76561198106479521,Recommended,263200,29881714,Posted: 12 February,all,Jarrenation,"When I saw this game on steam and saw the trailer for it, it looked like something very unique so i bought it. It was confusing at first but when you get the hang of it, it's really fun. Something that happened this update (0.8) that broke my heart was when I was physically unable to launch the game. So when I pressed launch, it started loading and then it says I need to update my graphics drivers and that i need to install a driver providing OpenGL 2.0 or higher. Now all of this is because you changed the engine.Hope you find this review helpful and fix this."
,Recommended,263200,32690164,Posted: 23 June,all,Wutnold124,"This is a very good game, but there's not as much content as say, Starbound or Terraria. I can't wait to see where this will go."
,Recommended,263200,14059288,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Mr Retro,although I have not put alot of time into this game yet I will give my first impressions. Although one might think this is a Terraria clone at first glance. This game has alot of cool stuff and it takes alot for a game to catch my attention within the first 15 minutes of playing but this one did. Once you figure out how everything is supposed to work it gets better and better. I wish that there was a way u could zoom the camera in without sacraficing my 1080 resolution. Also its only 10 dollars
76561198122981305,Recommended,263200,14403968,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,"Doc,Blackriver",BEst 2 d game on steam
,Recommended,263200,16803071,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Lynncornon,"THIS GAME! THIS GAME!! Is a Sci-Fi,Terraria,Starbound AND Edge of space like game (Although I have NOT played Edge of space I saw trailers) And I LOVE Terraria (And LOVE Starbound also) but unlike Terraria it has more hmmm Realistic feel like the movement and speed of attacking and moving all together OKAY Pros and cons time!Pro's: 1. there is a humorous A.I that is in a Pipboy on your arm (not really a pipboy)2. You can kill random chickens3. When you swing a sword,pickaxe,axe,etc. it bounces off the wall (REALISM!)4. There is a giant robot murdurous chicken to the far right side of the ""Alien planet""5. MANY MOAR!Con's: 1. Yes I will name 5 each2. Do I have to name con's?3. But there arent that m---4. OW!5. err okay. When you first die you spawn far from your landing pod... (I do not really care because you will nothave much stuff) BAI!"
,Not Recommended,263200,20460895,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Shoes,"I have a feeling I would like this game if I didn't find myself fighting against the controls every step of the way. They're clunky and unnecessarily complicated, which means half the time I'm doing something I didn't intend to do and the other half of the time I'm going through the game's menus trying to look up that one keybind. Hopefully the devs will revisit these at some point."
,Recommended,263200,14374685,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ertik,Really fun game... I do recommend this game. From the explorations to story.  and building.......... this game is fun
76561197993670834,Recommended,263200,29806870,Posted: 9 February,all,Zeph Grey,"I generally love the game.  While still clearly in early access, the graphic design is solid, and gameplay is getting firmer every day with no crashes or game-ending bugs I've found!  A lot of mechanics are still under construction, but the devs are dedicated, active in the communtity, and seem to be ever moving in the right dirrection.If you're willing to wait a bit between updates, and put up with the usual occational early access issues (and starting your game over on a regular basis to see new content), it's a solid buy."
76561198065631974,Recommended,263200,34692569,Posted: 2 September,all,Hozgen,"need more improvements and new adds, but the game is really interesting and has amazing atmospheric backgrounds and foregrounds, also game is sedative."
76561198219485192,Recommended,263200,23723465,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MelonFox,very fun but its REALLY complex i couldent get the hang of it for a while
,Recommended,263200,17168399,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,bob the tomato,Amazing.
76561197962337132,Recommended,263200,26746888,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Mansack,"Lots of content and things to do so far.  Still in development of course, but even so I'm glad I purchased it.  Really looking forward to how the story plays out and what new things will be added in the future.For now, I've played about as much as I'd like to... but I'll be coming back after a few more patches."
,Recommended,263200,23301578,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Amygeddon,Absolutley addicted to this game. the material printer etc are a bit too difficult to craft. as i cannot find any of the resources needed as yet. but overall an awsome game!
76561198195184757,Recommended,263200,18781846,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Deadsince1979,"Very nice game, with interesting mechanics. I enjoy the movement system animations. Combat is difficult in certain situations though."
76561198152319155,Recommended,263200,19202713,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,^SYP^ MonkeyDude29,Great game! Terraria on steroids!
,Recommended,263200,20361545,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,IraenShift,"If you played Terraria or Starbound, then you'll feel right at home here.  The mechanics are pretty similar with the occasional tweak here and there. There's a fairly typical mix of old and new weapons, swords vs guns and so on. It's nice that to have an early armor options that require minimal killing of things, although some of the plants can be deadly, since some of the critters that drop leather are kinda dangerous.At this point (0.6?) the limited story is a bit of a downside in my opinion. It feels disconnected, kind of like my experience in Starbound up to the initial starbase and thereabouts. Terraria has a stronger, but looser narrative. I think it'd be nice to tie the player in a bit more, since whatever the lore is aside, it feels like the player crash landed and then stumbled into stuff. So, there's not much attachment or concern for the back story people except to hope they had some good stuff you can loot and take not of any warnings about what to avoid... Not sure why I've crashed on a planet in an escape pod.Regarding the UI:I do think that the inventory is not a strong point as is. It's interesting, but stuff visually overlaps, which is a little annoying when you have to click on things and having to manually request auto-arrange/auto-sort can be annoying at times. The auto-bar which groups items into a small set of categories and provides access via scroll to all items of a certain type through a particular bar is, however, a nifty feature, even if it occasionally leads to unintended shooting (you know, like of your foot!) and food consumption... One of the more interesting notions is how the map works. You don't get a map by default or even by passive exploration, you've got to actively build one with the scanner. I'd strongly recommend upgrading it at least one step before engaging in a serious world mapping attempt, though, it'll make it a fair bit easier.TL;DRFun to play and fairly engaging, but there's not pressure to build anything more than a minimal shelter before heading off to explore. The AI communications are annoying in a way, but a nice touch even if it's kinda of telling you that you're an idiot the entire time and implying that you wouldn't even survive without it's help. Some things to get used to with the user interface (UI) and movement. Also, try not to fall too far, it's kind of painful.P.S.Giant Robot Chicken is a plus. Surprised that it's peaceful if you don't attack it though. Might be funny if there was a base in the game somewhere that looked like the chicken gave it a hard time..."
76561198138307338,Recommended,263200,11242292,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,winger.the.lizard,ok fine game but very buggy i lost a ton or coal a furnace a door and copper for clicking them to use
,Recommended,263200,15618334,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Blacksmith,Trailer doesn't represent ingame real content.
76561198027132766,Recommended,263200,9240020,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,bolbie plz,why is it so laggy
76561198073177390,Not Recommended,263200,22255066,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Bentarius,Nothing but Starbound/Terraria clone with UI issues.  Don't bother with this one.
76561198325714563,Not Recommended,263200,29738064,Posted: 6 February,all,littlelegs654,"Not crazily keen on this game, was good to start but eventually gets boring :/ not recommended I'm afraid, sorry!"
76561198271929433,Recommended,263200,22341377,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,xxxshadow72,its fun fresh and great graphics and its still in its delvelopment stage it has potiental.
76561198089834956,Recommended,263200,22636858,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Gav Indie,"Very unique gameplay, story, and items!"
,Recommended,263200,34314542,Posted: 17 August,all,DiBBz,"the amount of people hating on this game is unreal.let me start of by saying. yes i got this game in a summer sale of 2015 iirc. and played it last year and then again this year roughly march/april time. for £7 its honestly not half bad. could it do with some inprovements here and there.. yes!does it suck for what its currently worth... no. not really!will it last you as long as terreria or starbound... not exactly no!people need to keep in mind this is a very small dev team that is working on the game. content is going to be slow but at least its activly being worked on. The full animations the character give as well as crouching to increase accuracy of a weapon etc. it makes it alot more slower paced. and if youre not careful you will die easily. But all that is a good thing. because unlike terreria and starbound you can progress quickly and kill things regular widlife etc quickly. its a nice pace for what its worth because it actually make its more survival focused which from the opening droppod scene becomes quite clear youre going to get stranded.with more exansion in story as well as the game world hopefully coming soon as has been discussed many times on the games discussion forums on steam. its certainly going to get better and better. but the devs cant go any faster than they all ready are. funding is still needed!im not going to forcably tell you that its worth getting becuse, after all. its your money... its you'r choice and if you would like to get it as an investment for future play then go right ahead or you could wait till another sale happens and hopefully SOL is one of them being discounted.overall the game has enough content for id say 20 hours (IF) you take your time with the ocasional building shelters and outposts along the way :Potherwise if youre just pure bum rushing the storyline its maybe under a couple hours at best.6/10"
,Not Recommended,263200,20533896,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Stungun,"Version reviewed: 0.6.I understand this is early access, but I was still expecting a lot more from this game. A few things in the trailer don't seem to exist in the current version of the game (e.g. starting in a base, a jump-jet with unlimited fuel, a moon environment... it actually looks like the early parts of the trailer... that's supposed to be backstory, but presenting it in the form of actual gameplay that we the players don't get to experience is a dirty trick. Though there is still a very playable (if incomplete) game here with most of the demonstrated features. I still, though, have other criticisms.First of all, the inventory management system is a serious pain. With no auto-organizing, optional snap-to-grid placements, and the inefficent sort/organize functions for containers... at least being able to carry an unlimited number of nested containers and label them though, helps organize things. But something tells me the final version of the game is going to do away with that.Secondly, the controls. In addition to the difficulty of successfully picking up smaller/thinner items, there's also the awkward and clumsy movement that gives me lots of frustration trying to make jumps. It's also hard to attack exactly where you want to attack. Singling out the right item you want to use in automatic mode takes a long time if you've got a lot of stuff (and an effective unlimited inventory means you can and should get as many toys on your person as possible) and manual mode is impractical since the hotbar is limited to seven slots plus two quick slots.Thirdly is the fake difficulty. Death is cheap (you drop everything and respawn, and I don't think items ever disappear from the world) but it can be really irritating to get back to where you dropped all your stuff -- especially when you respawn with a partial bar of health, an empty stomach (you only regenerate health when you've had something to eat), and no armor. And many monsters that stand in your way can kill you in precisely two hits in that state. And then there's the frustration of having to re-organize your main inventory -- since whenever you pick something up with the grab laser (the fastest way to pick stuff up) it just gets thrown into a random spot in your bag.Fourth -- the progression. It just doesn't feel right. This is clearly a space-age survival game, but the metals available to use don't even include titanium. Steel is the second-best metal there is, with the tier after that being practical post-game equipment. Also, why the heck is bronze stronger than iron?Fifth, everything that's missing. No music. No way to quickly switch ammo types on a held weapon (you need to select the item in question which you probably have in a nested container in your inventory to change its used ammo).  No mechanism wiring systems (no designing elaborate traps or light switches). No liquids (water/lava/etc).I haven't even tried to build a base of my own because the game gives you a prefabricated base from the start, and building structures is made a lot more complicated than it has to be as every building material has like 8 different types of blocks, and the clunky interface and crafting required would make it more of a chore than it's worth. I dread having to build anything creatively in this game.I've clocked 31 hours into this game (as of this writing) and I feel like I've basically seen everything there is to see. That's depressingly low for a survival game. You're better off going for Starbound -- this game has a long way to go before it can even hold a candle to it.Maybe I'll check back in a few versions and see how it's advanced."
76561198037018029,Recommended,263200,13263248,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Biowolf80,I go around flinging dung at the wild life 10/10 would fling it again
76561198006889979,Not Recommended,263200,20649025,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Pops,"Steam recommended this one.  I bought it because it seemed like Starbound, both in graphical style and in game content.  But as it usually is on Steam, let the buyer beware.  Because this game is a frustrating mess that anyone would be better to avoid.At first glance, the game is pretty and detailed - graphically the game works...however...Altho the game doesnt state it, this is a digging game.  You dig...and dig...and dig.  The game only progresses when you dig.  It slows the game down to a boring crawl.  Can't make steel until you find anthracite...and that one is VERY far underground.  Funny thing - you can build a laser pistol, but you cant make steel.Combat just plain ole sucks.   Weaponry, when you can make something useful,  is laughably  underpowered.  Three shots from a pistol to kill a crawling slug,  anything bigger and you better be climbing...if you get caught on a straight run, you're dead.  Not because you dont have something that will do the job - you just can't access it fast enough in the clunky UI before the monsters kill you.Crafting recipes, while seeming to be balanced, hit an invisible wall because of two things: a required ""Project"" and the correct materials.  Recipes show up based on what you pick up, meaning that you may get a recipe you can't use, because you're not sure what the resource is from.   Add in that you may have the materials, but can't use a recipe because you can't complete a required Project, and frustration ensues.Also, prepare to restart again and again...with nothing.  When you die, and you WILL die because of the poor game mechanics, you drop everything you own.  Everything...right down to your sandals.   Then you get restarted back on the surface sans anything.  Which means totally resupplying yourself and a long run back to where you died to reclaim all your swag before you can try anything else....which is totally unecessary and totally boring.  And of course you can't build anything to help with the restart process because the resources are too rare.  Catch-22.  For me, that was the thing which made the game more trouble than it was worth.Go spend your ten bucks on something else..stay away from this one."
,Recommended,263200,18847160,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,JKP9,"A fun sifi game, but I might wait for it to get finished, and hit the follow button, so you don't forget it existed.|8/10|"
,Recommended,263200,30301027,Posted: 3 March,all,Lone wolf,realy like it
,Recommended,263200,21395863,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,da_gamer,"Absolutely recommended if you like minecraft, terraria type games, graphics are absolutely gorgeous in my opinion, dig/build system is superb, very believable game world that draws you in, im looking forward to playing this game."
,Recommended,263200,19085221,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,zLacuna,"Amazing survival game. One of a kind. Definitely worth the ten dollars I paid for it. Don't anticipate buying this, if you want it, JUST DO IT!!!"
76561198074483826,Recommended,263200,16445020,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Punished Chara,"Gud.9/11-IGN""Would do again"""
,Recommended,263200,10246708,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,legoclone09,"The game is completely amazing, creative mode is awesome, and defeating the enimes is fun, best of all, it's not the now annoying 8-bit graphics that are ""cool"" which makes me not get Starbound. This is one of my favorite games I own."
76561198304095688,Recommended,263200,23059498,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,SRXaraith,"perfect! i figured out how to get the multi-pass aswell! (if you want me to tell you, email me at olle@rehnquist.se) and how to upgrade it to level 1, in the [removed for spioling where it is] base.i greatly recommend this game for people who want a realistic game, (not like  my broter, who chickend out, and got dig or die instead)."
,Recommended,263200,21653301,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,_Chronic_hentai_addict_,i think that they should add a timer to confirm your resoloution settings because i changed the resoloution to the wrong one and im trying to figure out how to fix it
,Recommended,263200,11453492,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,ŁIØNCLAW,Bad.Lack of enemysMining is Boring
,Not Recommended,263200,19958793,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The Friendly Neighborhood Dirk,"I am not recommending this game at this stage of development (while taking into consideration it is an Early Access title).The progression in this game feels disjointed, the crafting system has a very uncomfortable UI and the inventory system is reminiscent of Ultima 6, complete with tiny icons in a large bag (but thankfully with drag-and-drop functionality, unlike U6). Also like U6, everything has the same kind of ""polish"" so it's not always clear what buttons do what on windows (the minus button was not apparent as the 'close window' button, especially with what appeared to be a button [but wasn't] in the very top right corner - where the close button always is in modern UIs).The game feels clunky in the UI and in how your character moves and interacts with terrain, and the animations add to the clunky feeling. This is part of a disconnect that I'm experiencing  I am not compelled to explore or figure things out, and when exploring it's not apparent what I can do with the things I mine/gather or how to do things with them. The game is clearly meant to be very open, but it is too lacking in focus at the beginning.However, this game is definitely not the worst in the genre, and I would still put it in the top 25% of this style of game. My recommendation is to wait until later in Early Access when more of the game is finished, and check reviews then. I hope the devs continue working on this game because it does have potential."
76561198198016206,Recommended,263200,22854698,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,GreenArcher007,"this is a fun game, the have put in alot of work in to this game. CANT wait intell we leave this planet."
76561198265182446,Recommended,263200,22015835,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Zolytaryo,"Is a really good game I am very pleased with their project the developers they seem to care about how we feel about this game is really nice to feel that way , I hope they keep improving this game in many ways , if you like terraria this game is for you ,   please support the developers they deserve it buy it."
76561198119560290,Recommended,263200,29449999,Posted: 23 January,all,michael4C,cool and fun but that robot chickin thing freeked me out the first timeXD
76561198261066527,Recommended,263200,22382263,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),more single player content    ..
,Recommended,263200,18651726,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,chris45724,"grate game, i love drinking the explosion potion, very helpful to your long term survival."
,Recommended,263200,21717945,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,nordthe1st,This game is really fun it will keep you playing but there are little bugs i give this 10/10 on my top games
76561198040680096,Recommended,263200,25089405,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,MacgruberKent,"o.k, great conceptnot greatneeds workgood for betaonly buy if cheap"
76561198037370792,Not Recommended,263200,23010371,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Infinite,"For now... Great potential, however buggy. For example, Items dropped from breaking environment don't get picked up sometimes when playing multiplayer (the item has been picked up on server side, my friend can't see it, but it's still there in my game, on the floor but I can't pick it up, gets annoying after a while, especially since now the planet floor is littered with items I see but can't pick up).Also not enough content in game, and no updates since december of last year!? (written in May)."
76561198006263863,Not Recommended,263200,13604924,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,napoleon,"its a cool game unless you dont got money to spend on a unfinished project. updates are periodical, very periodical. Content is sketchy and a lot is still subject to change. Its pretty clunky, messy, crafting isn't confusing but it isn't as straightforward as it needs to be either."
76561198039909911,Recommended,263200,19794558,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,vitowns,"Best fun i ever had in multiplayer, we both ran away from a giant scary robot chicken of doom after i stupidly shot it with a crossbow"
,Recommended,263200,12691644,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Staberind,"So, I stepped out of my space capsule to see sheep, chickens and some moving things that Old McDonald would not have been particularly pleased to see on their farm.I had decided upon a casual hairstyle, I would not have looked out of place interviewing the wildlife.I set off, after having a look at my rather blank map, were those dots signals, I had better go have a look..."
76561197980337103,Not Recommended,263200,23863886,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cutterjohn,"I cannot honestly recommend this game ATM.  It's not a bad game but w/Steam's up/down review system I must err on the side of caution and give it a not recommended.The graphics are decent and the game plays fairly well once you get into it BUT there is very little to guide the player as what to do.  The crafting system is on the complex side with new recipes randomly(seemingly) popping up but they seem to be more tied to resource gathering.Resource gathering: a PITA.  While there is an autogather option that can be turned on, it SURPRISINGLY does NOT use the grabber tool and so only picks up what is on the spot that your character's feet cross.  The grabber used manually is easily blocked in ridiculous ways forcing more mining that one might want to do just to get at the originally mined resources.The game menus are a complete and total mess.  Honestly it's the best way that I can describe them, illogically organized and arranged.  e.g. when wanting to strart a new game with a new world instead of offering a NEW FSCKING GAME menu option you are presented with CREATE AN FSCKING CHARACTER.  This as you might surmise allows the player to create a new character which is just a name  and very few character depiction options.  To create a new world/map in singleplayer(SP) you must dig down into the SANDBOX menu(WTF?!) where you will find the options to generate a new world.  THIS IS ALSO WHERE you can DELETE OLD FSCKING maps/worlds.  Yes I would've though that would be my first place to look.  This menu madness continues EVERYWHERE in the game.Controls: while they work, they are clunky and dissimilar to ANY OTHER similar game.  Apparently like the menus they don't have a clue...Development: EXTREMELY sssslllllloooooowwwwww...If these things end up being correct upon release or close to it(as that's when I'm likely to bother trying it again), I'll update the review accordingly."
76561198085944967,Not Recommended,263200,18179782,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,fireidar,"I have never rage quit so hard IN MY LIFE as I did with this game. Gameplay is clunky, slow and gives you NO hints on battle\fighting whatsoever. What sort of game starts you out with an gun with like two bullets on an alien planet and after that has you fight SLLOOWWLLYY with nothing but fists and feet?! By the time my character's facing the right way, close enough to stomp and in line, the b&*$@y 'crawler' has already hit me three times! THEN dropping all those items I took an hour collecting on death?! THEN having to spend another half an hour to dig myself out of the respawn base because I 'don't have a keycard' for the doors! THEN ending up dying twice more to the damned crawlers and AGAIN loosing all my new items!!!!! Only to dig out again!!! No, I played it once and am NEVER playing ti again!!! Waste of god*&%$ed money!!!! 0 stars!!!!"
76561198301059246,Not Recommended,263200,23711028,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,dylan.harrison,"Update the ♥♥♥♥ing game already, second time playing i've already done all there is to do when i first played and i come back a year later and barely any content was added."
,Recommended,263200,26826528,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Philip,Very good game. Mine rock. Place Rock. Get more rock
76561197968539342,Recommended,263200,24094854,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jade_Alpha,Like Terreria or Starbound but for adults.  Worth giving it a try if you are into this genre.
76561197995268369,Not Recommended,263200,19100572,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Layla,"Slow development, devs barely speak and the game is not great, buggy & not very clear, and super tiny text, its just bang on annoying,"
76561198077318059,Not Recommended,263200,19162216,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,MilkyWay,i wish i could reccomend it its fun but they havent updated it in so long i just cant reccomend it while it isnt being updated
76561198130869394,Recommended,263200,23146853,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Moon Truther,"i don't care for it. there is no real tutorial. the movement is really bad. and you are thrown into it. they expect you to know how everything works.but other than that i havn't found anything else that is annoying, i enjoy the face that i downvoted it before and now the developers made it so i could enjoy the game.6/10 gameplay 11/10 developer support ;)Edit: Because the developers helped me with these problems i'll upvote. i don't think the game is good at its current stare. but the developers seem like they care about peoples thoughts. and they helped make the game better to enjoy for me."
,Not Recommended,263200,18732063,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ExVasterist,"far too easy to die. Crashed mere minutes after starting new game. Pick axe doesn't work. I got trapped in a WALL.I've never been to the station, respawned at a place i've never been, now i lost my pod. Went looking for pod since I first died by it, but a tiny bug killed me.Getting refund..."
76561198032544488,Recommended,263200,28898660,Posted: 1 January,all,Ghastly_Grinner,fun game tons of things to do
,Recommended,263200,23867905,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ButtBiscuit,In the loading screen it said ''Useful Fact: Everyone should eat their fair share of hair.''10/10
,Recommended,263200,25463124,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Lo0pyJas0n.( ಠ ಠ ),This game İs very Cool and good pls uptade becuz soo many bug's in this game :/
76561198023690281,Not Recommended,263200,30362879,Posted: 6 March,all,Kolljak,"Do Not GetThe game was just another genaric sidescroller nothing like starbound terraria or even other look alikes. this game is bad.- too many items to keep track of including items with no use.- too many crafting items [just to much stuff that will mostlikely never be used.- not very big worlds. its hard to setup ur house or even have a FEEL of progression from wood to stone to iron to space stuff, everything is just gona crowded by quest related structures.- no sense of purpose just a snarky robot saying rude to you the whole time.played 8 hours or so trying to see if it gets better ... i regret it now i cant get a refund."
,Not Recommended,263200,23515116,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,⍟ Varen ⍟,Wtf am I supposed to be doing?
,Recommended,263200,33579336,Posted: 16 July,all,Igneus Tempus,Its Basicly like the game Terraria but in a more scifi style. If you like Terraria I recommed checking this out. My scoreGameplay 8/10Graphics 8/10Sounds 8/10Summary 24/30
,Recommended,263200,12604398,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,WhoWhatNow,"Hey. Buy this game, jerks."
,Not Recommended,263200,23716586,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Danny the Barbarian,"The game is just way too complicated, for me at least. The bag is also IMPOSSIBLE to use, since whenever you try to put anything at all in there it doesn't work. Starbound is much better, and is much more simple."
,Not Recommended,263200,25796526,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,space llama,"this game is ok but there isnt much storyline and it dosent last for long, i wouldent pay for it"
76561198143216788,Recommended,263200,32060450,Posted: 30 May,all,BladeMoralusVEN,"PFFT, Fail. 10/10"
76561198037080732,Not Recommended,263200,15764237,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Gentleman,"i cant play this game with this gameplay, and by gameplay i mean the way that the guy is moving... Terrible, worst in its category so far. i cant grade this game with more than 3/10.... Starbound is 10000% better than this one"
,Recommended,263200,29303639,Posted: 16 January,all,TLOG,"THIS REVIEW HAS BEEN EDITED! So when I first got this game, I thought it was very interesting.  It was like terraria and starbound, in space obviously.  At first, in around Janurary to Februrary, I bought this game and started playing it.  I played it for a couple weeks, then got bored of it.  The lack of content just made this game boring.  Then I got interested in playing this again, and saw that there was a huge update that added a ton of stuff.  Then i started playing it, and now it became my most favorite steam game.  Although it is in early access, it currently has a good amount of content.  I say get it and play it, then watch it progressively grow.  I love this game and I hope it gets more popoular and the devs don't abandon it.  I definitely recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,263200,17778675,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Cirtrax,"Its Terrible.Trust me, its a more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ rip-off of Terraria, and even then, its terrible"
,Not Recommended,263200,12704465,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Nines,"Ok, so for few hours I liked playing this game but eventually got bored because I never found that much to to in the game. the bases on the planet are more or less in the same spot every time you make a new world, I tried going for a GPS location which took at least what felt like an hour only to find that I use it to mark a map location. No the game is not bad like some other games I have seen on steam, I just didn't like it that much."
76561198065950476,Not Recommended,263200,10796513,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hashtastic,"do you remember being a kid and seeing a commercial for a toy that blew your mind? it could fly, shoot missiles, light up and do all sorts of cool♥♥♥♥♥♥ but then you get the toy and its just some cheap piece of crap that makes you feel like you got ripped off... well, thats how i feel about this game. im only about 100 minutes in and ive seen pretty much everything interesting and crafted pretty much everything i wanted to. i thought about stretching out my playtime by doin some survival stuff but there are animals EVERYWHERE so theres no need to venture beyond the edge of the screen. but its not all crap, i did like how you cant just swing through blocks with a sword or pickaxe, whatever blocks in your way gets hit.  but until they add more content and done some balancing ive got to give a big thumbs down"
76561198197519002,Not Recommended,263200,33797219,Posted: 25 July,all,inragementchild:D,plz fix ur inventory and infinate storage problem cause it makes me and my friend think were overpowered
76561198015124934,Not Recommended,263200,22289711,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,wolverine5pl,game left by dev? no updates since DECEMBER!!
,Not Recommended,263200,14119587,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,vBrandt,"I'll admit, when I first saw this game in the steam store, it looked a little fun, but when I bought it and installed it. I wish I could've gotten that $9.99 back. The general mechanics are a little sloppy, there are also other games like this. Like: Terraria, Starbound, etc. This is game isn't the best. I wouldn't recommend this game. Yes, I only played it for an hour, and that hour consisted of trying to figure out how to actually play the game. That's an hour I'll never get back. Do not buy this game!"
76561198042675335,Not Recommended,263200,22009327,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,BrandonSX,My friend got me to play this game and needless to say were not friends anymore.
76561198112792224,Recommended,263200,30928154,Posted: 3 April,all,Seppo Taalasmaa,Buy it to support itits not really finished yet buy to support
,Not Recommended,263200,11337751,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,That moment,"I will say this: THIS IS TOO CONFUSING!If they made this very simple, Then it would be nice + They need to put a tutorial on this game! Not a ball hologram thing to tell you what to do! its boring if they do that!They thing they got going for is respawning and fluid gameplay."
,Not Recommended,263200,35088712,Posted: 20 September,all,Ex Nihiloish,Signs of garbage.
,Not Recommended,263200,8955143,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Kount Kancer,The idea of this game seems promising. Hopefully new features will be added soon.  The biggest problem for me are the controls. I found it very awkward to control the character and tis has put me off. Also the way the enemies move seem awkward. I have since brought Starbound which in my opinion is a better game. I hope this game moves in a different direction to Starbound as the way it is right now it simply cannot compete. I am glad this game was relatively cheap priced as I would have felt very ripped off if I had paid anymore.
,Not Recommended,263200,31286647,Posted: 21 April,all,DoggoMonggo,"This game is not very fun, it took me more then an hour to do/figure out 1% of the story. So i would NOT waste your money on this game spend it on other games"
76561198030320307,Not Recommended,263200,10350860,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Trueblood30,"Unfortunately signs of life is a mediocre attempt at a minecraft replica. It all seemed so promising, graphics felt like old skool 90's stuff, we could mine, we could build, we could grow, we could zap things with our gunz.....Besides this the game has no story, no real introduction, no learning curve at all, just mine slowly down the way...By the time you have defeated the big chicken, all the robots, beasties, mined down to the core and found all the keycards... theres nothing....Empty expanse, plus the lack of several necessary items for crafting stuff like black powder doesnt help. A shame because it had so many possibiblities.Still 4-10"
,Not Recommended,263200,28164824,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,SandTag,"if this game is ever close to being finished i might change my mind, i waited too long for another failed beta project, i will wait no longer, it was mediocre at best and to be honest it will just end like edge of space, once the money is made the developer dissapears."
76561198157058458,Not Recommended,263200,25454755,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Ratchet,i didnt like this game at all. it was very laggy and boring and i was not satisfied with it. its worth checking out but i just did not like it at all
,Not Recommended,263200,28110126,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,DragynDance,"Still a ♥♥♥♥ing ""fall in invisible hole and get stuck down there"" simulator.  Whats with the devs and filling every map with holes?  IS the bumshit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing country you live in look like swiss cheese or something, so you just assume every place ever should look like that too?"
,Recommended,263200,26257059,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GOM,what is this game
76561198262016850,Not Recommended,263200,29803026,Posted: 9 February,all,Maitolitra,buys the game on a windows xpdoesn't work anymore because they changed it from windows xp to windows 7i want my money back
76561198041282479,Not Recommended,263200,10154854,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Dorian Jay,I feel like it has been forever that they have updated. It's A DEAD GAME
,Recommended,263200,17373283,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Lotevenstar,"This game has a curious quaint style that starts to draw you in.   The crafting is fun and interesting,  showing promise at release as long as more content is added,  as crafting is currently a bit limited.   Ingesting ideas abound,  but again need a little more polish,  as enemy ai is easily tricked,  and is even simpler on multiplayer. The current final boss of the game is challenging on single player,  but doesn't drop aggro on the primary target, allowing a friend to stand behind it jabbing away. I really enjoyed the experience,  being a bit slower than similar titles wasn't a detriment,  and can't wait to see where the development takes this game.   Optimistically 8.5/10 for future game, current version 6/10 for small content/unfinished and low challenge through the material placement system."
,Recommended,263200,18660857,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,vvrockerdox,"I would recommend trying the game, it may be for you if you like Terraria, StarBound, and other games that are similar.My only complaints are:the block sizes relative to the character are off - you have to dig extra blocks to maneuver even though it doesn't appear visually that you would need tothe graphic animations have a feel of a flash-based game - pay attention to the arms and legs of your character and i think you'll see what i am referring towhole lot of digging the same stuff without the feel of changing biomescombat is clunkyRegardless, it's worth some hours to check it out."
76561198071763200,Recommended,263200,10270014,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Noah,i love this game but when i try to to play it it keeps saying your game resolution has been reset to the default what do i do?
,Recommended,263200,15550436,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Baseplate23,"This game is like Terraria and Starbound had a child, but also looked lige Happy Wheels.I don't know how else to put it, other than an emersive game experiance. There are elements from Terraria, and Starbound that are prevalent, but with some great looking animations that verge on cartoonish."
,Recommended,263200,14318212,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Stargirl,"I cannot play this game. I increased the font size but it everything else is tiny on my screen. The ""map"" shows up on my wrist. I can't see that! How can I make it zoom in some?!5 FEB edit: The developer contacted me and helped me make it larger (playing lower res but full screen). Thanks so much! That helped a lot. :)"
76561198119614661,Recommended,263200,12264854,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Trout,good game hope they update it to have more planets you can explore instead of just one
76561198036997719,Recommended,263200,10351802,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,dustfang61,"i love this game but i think itll be better with starship crafting and planet exploreing, but otherwise that this is still better then terraria ;P"
,Recommended,263200,10267066,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,OW Ban | Majorly Disruptive gg,Awesome Gunpowder should be easyer to obtain.
,Not Recommended,263200,24521879,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,XboxOneNoob,Not my cup of tea.
76561198045341687,Recommended,263200,15823627,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Ancient Ways,"The first two early access games I got into were the early access versions of Minecraft and Terraria. They were both great in their own ways. I've since tried other early access games and have had many disappointments.Fortunately, Signs Of Life did not disappoint. There is a lot of exploring to do, many things to do in this game and a lot of things to make. The game is stable and the gameplay is very smooth and polished.Development is a little slow, but it is steady. As of this review, I think we've been waiting on the next 'big update' for maybe over a year now. However, the devs are active. They chat on the forum. Occasionally they've put out an update which adds something interesting. I should probably add that the dev team only has a few people. So, progress is probably good and steady for a team of this size.Overall, the $9 price tag is well worth it. This feels like one of those games that someone made because it was something they really wanted to do, not just to make a quick buck.Also, there has been an Alien Artifacts update which is pretty nifty."
