user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,263340,8544544,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Kerma,"Before we continue we must ask ourselves: what is an experience? Not what is a game, because that is almost too broad to bother trying to put into words. But what is an experience? What is something you enjoy experiencing?I cannot define this for all of you. An experience changes for each person- it is a variable that makes each person who they are.Continue?9876543210 (wow that was fun to type out on the keyboard, I slid my finger down the number keys like some sort of badass) is definitely an experience. Whether it is a good one or a bad one is up to you. I personally felt like it made me think a lot about my life and what I take out of it, but I personally do not feel that much of the game other than the thought it provokes lives up to the price I paid for it, even at this discounted price of 8 dollars I paid for it. I personally think thinking should be free. What should be paid for is how the developer makes you think- either through visuals or audio or even story and gameplay.The gameplay in this game is very basic. You run around and talk to people who usually just jabber on about strange things, but sometimes they open doors for you, and sometimes they sell you things. You are able to choose ""lightning"" or ""prayer"" when you enter these doors, and what these mean are up to the player to interpet, but what they do is either randomly spawn lightning to clear the path ahead or spawn a house in a town that is crucial to survive the later stages of the game. After 45 seconds to a minute though, garbage collection or something similar runs and takes you down to play a combat based minigame. After too many of these though, your game ends- but progressing to the next area resets this. So you are in a battle against time to progress to each area.This gameplay sounds fine, but it is very repetitive. I was about to quit and take a break after the third one of these, but then I realized that there is no save feature in the game- the point is to play the game in one sitting it seems. And so I druged on (and how fitting to relate to the plot of the game), hoping the game wouldn't be TOO much of this. While the gameplay is unique and quirky, after the 3rd or 4th time through, it just gets old.The music and the graphics are fitting to the theme of the game, but leave much to be desired. I found the graphics and music just plain boring to look at and listen to, and while there are some flashy scenes and very well done graphical choices during cutscenes, the levels look somewhat all the same in exception to a few that look amazing (the level where you're chasing down your reflections in the sea comes to mind) and in the end I just grew tired of it all very quickly.It's very ironic that a game where you have to find peace with yourself grows harder and harder to get through. I found myself getting very bored with this game very quickly. But it's not about the game right? It's about the experience!Well that my friends, I do not think is worth my 8 dollars. While it made me begin to think, I feel the game ITSELF did not make me think but rather the themes of it did. I apologize if that may be a mouthful, but it is hard to describe a game like this into words. In simpler terms, I feel like I could have just poked around the website ofcontinue9876543210.comand gotten the same feelings I did instead of playing the game. And for that, I do not give it my personal reccomendation.But experiences change for everyone. Who knows? Maybe you will enjoy it more than I did."
,Recommended,263340,8540573,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Zolkowski,"A rich experience focused on the inevitable. You follow your main character's journey on the acceptance of his deletion by traveling and consulting with the inhabitants of other locales moments before their Garbage Collection. You have two primary options when speaking with the villagers, lightning or prayers. Lightning will help you escape the current level, or access secret areas that will aid you achieve your closure. Prayers will create a shelter based in your own town, which will protect the player from the deletion storm - literally lightning that deletes objects. Your ultimate goal is to survive long enough so the main character accepts his fate. The attitude at the time of their deletion depends on which villages you have been to, how many, and any ""secret"" areas you have been to which includes objects from your past and present.The combat is fairly varied, but not overly complex. It does require skill, and this is certainly not a game you can skate by on without thinking what you are doing. To receive lightning or prayers from certain people, you might need to remember a fact about the town said by another villager. The combat can vary from side-scrolling challenges, to zelda-esque dungeon crawling, to arena ""kill-house"" style challenges. Depending how well you do can give you bonus lightning or keys which open doors in the villages, which allow you to speak to more villagers. I would advise against those who think the combat itself is the only reason to get the game- you will be dissapointed.In addition to the combat and memorization, the skill of time-management is needed as well. Each village only has a certain amount of time before it's expiration. You have to prioritize what you need done. This is indicated by a countdown timer in the upper-right, once it hits zero there is a ""stage"" of degradation (Which varies how many there are by village). You will then enter a random combat scenario. Upon completion, you will return to the village which will have become slightly more hostile. Deletion monsters will roam the village which will delay you in your quest for shelter and closure.It's an emotional ride that is open to your own interpretation. It does a grim subject matter well and was emotionally captivating enough to tug me along. And for that I am thankful.Edit: Just would like to clarify on something some reviewers seem to have missed (Even though it's in the instructions). This game does have an auto-save feature each time you load a new area."
,Not Recommended,263340,8731204,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,The Spoony One,Continue?9876543210 is a remarkable milestone in the history of gaming: the videogame equivalent of Vogon poetry.
,Not Recommended,263340,8551203,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Dr. Fortyseven,"I'm a sucker for the TRON-like digital afterlife concept.  So I went into C?9-0 eagerly expecting a deep, affecting experience.  And for the first five or ten minutes, it seemed like it just might deliver on that...Sadly, it very quickly descends into a qurky, poorly designed pile of...bits. Instead of feeling like a solid, well-thought out game, it feels more like an overly ambitious Digipen student project.  The biggest problem is, you're thrust into a bizarre, abstract world without any sort of guidance.""DEAREST FRIEND, YOU WILL BE CONFUSED AT FIRST, BUT BE BRAVE, IN TIME YOU WILL UNDERSTAND."", the game assures in a large, ubiquitous, fatiguing-to-read typeface.  Part of me wonders if this line was a lampshade put in at the 11th hour of development to assuage confused newcomers.I've spent more time than I'd care asking myself ""what the hell is going on?!"".  Given the concept, this MAY be a conscious choice by the developer, since you're no longer in a 'game' and you're figuring it out as you go along just like the main character, Maggie.  But as a player here in meatspace, I still need some sort of graceful introduction to the concepts.Like, what the hell is 'Foo'?  Apparently it's money.  It says 0/5 RAM on the status bar.  What does that mean?  Oh, now I'm suddenly sucked into a Zelda-like overhead persective and attacking chattering teeth?  Whoa, now I'm in a platform section where I have unexpectedly acquired a jump key, slaying more chattering teeth.  Aaaand now I'm back to the Indian trailer park, talking to Juggalos.Seriously.To be fair, there IS a clumsy, minimal in-game manual to ham-fistedly explain some of this stuff, if you deicde to ""spoil the mystery"".  And the more you bang your head against the wall, things begin to slowly connect together.Unfortunately once you begin to weave together a vague notion of what's going on, you begin to realize that the core gameplay is not nearly as complex or interesting as you'd hoped.  As an outsider, this has been an incredibly frustrating, confusing experience.  Abstract concepts are great, but they need a clean and well-thought out game design to prop it up, more than most.It's clear from other reviews that some players got a lot more out of this game, and I'm sure if I magically ""got it"" from the outset like they apparently did, I'd probably like it more, too.  But as it currently stands, I'm confused as hell, and -- the bigger tragedy -- I feel no overwhelming desire to invest more time into understanding it further.  In some ways, that's a worse failure than my benchmark for bitter mediocrity, ""Thirty Flights of Loving"".  At least I was compelled to finish THAT, such as it was.  But also, like that game, reviewers attributed to it a great weight of intellectual complexity that, frankly, I had a hard time giving it credit for.Save your rupees, gang, and simply enjoy the lovely developer-provided screenshots.  Imagine a great game built around those images and know that the game you have imagined probably DOES exist somwhere, out there, in-between the bytes of your computer's RAM."
76561198041996652,Recommended,263340,8541216,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Nisk,"Despite the big thumbs up, I wouldn't recommend the game at its full price. It's good but you can get a lot more with $10 on Steam.As for the content itself, its atmosphere sort of reminds me of a 3D Sword & Sworcery. However, I found Sword & Sworcery to be little more than a collection of pixel art and mysterious but ultimately meaningless dialogue whereas I found Continue to have genuine meaning that you can connect to your own life. The gameplay is not the focus in either game, but it is at least entertaining in Continue. Where it really excels is in its metaphorical meaning,It is more art than game, designed to make you think as you race against time to build up what resistance you can to a fate you ultimately cannot escape. There is little replayability; you will discover most of what the game has to offer in a few short playthroughs. But I wouldn't call that a fault considering the goal of the game is to explore a theme, not to provide hours of entertainment. If that doesn't appeal to you, then avoid the game; otherwise, it's something to look into."
,Recommended,263340,10053425,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,AestheticGamer,"Continue?9876543210 is a surrealistic adventure game that is somewhat stylized like an old RPG game. Or something like that. Continue is a very strange game; The basic idea is that you play as a video game character who is at the end of his life. The classic, 'Continue?' screen of arcade games of old has passed, and no quarters were inserted. And so, you have 'died', and enter into a realm where all data from a previous game goes to be erased, wiped clean for the world to start anew again for the new player, and New Game option. In this desolate space, data is assimilated into bytes and data, and you having not made your peace yet struggle to survive in a climate made to delete you.In the game, you start on a level that is representative of some gameplay trope, IE town, field, ruins, etc. There are a variety of NPCs and locked doors. You can talk to the people, who will either try to sell you something, give you a hint of some sort in the level you're currently in, say something about the story of the game, or say some rather useless blabber. NPCs phase in and out of existence, however. There's also monsters that spawn on the level, and wander around. Touching them triggers a battle scene, that transitions to a different scene like an RPG game. However, the battles aren't turn-based, but real-time, and work more similarly to a Zelda game. However, what they exactly are changes per encounter. Some are top-down, some are side-scrolling, some make you defend something, or you just have to fight all-out. Winning battles or doing things around the level usually get you a key, which you can use to unlock one of the various locked structures around the level. Inside the structure you'll either find a shop, something to push the story, some sort of side-quest, or a person who will either build structures or cast lightning.Now building structures and casting lightning is important. The game has a sort of time limit, both in levels and the overall game. The levels you go to are randomized, and each has differences to each other. However, you have a certain number of 'rounds' that will pass before the whole level is eliminated. If you're in a level when it's eliminated, it's game over and you get a bad ending. There is a time period you have to do stuff in the level, and then the round ends and you face some kind of challenge. This can be like a tricky level, a boss fight, some kind of puzzle, etc. They're random. If you win, you get a big benefit to your cause of survival, but if you lose you miss your chance for some aid. Aid for what? To exit the level, you need to get people you encounter to cast lightning, as casting lightning will destroy some of the blocks randomly blocking one of the several exits out of a level. However, you also need to build structures. After every two levels or so, you'll be in a sort of 'storm' you need to survive, or else its game-over. In the storms, you're in a town that is formed of the buildings you have made people build in the normal stages for you. A storm hits, and the buildings are stricken by lightning. You have to hide in a building and wait for the storm to pass, though if your building is hit and destroyed you have a certain time limit to quickly scamper around the town to another building. If there are no other buildings or you run out of time, it's game-over.You will always be given a choice of either Lightning or Building Structures. Lightning will clear a path to the next level after a few lightning strikes, while building structures will create buildings to hide in during these 'storm' sections.Basically the game is all about time management and succeeding in the various challenges that both the monsters, NPCs, and Round End's bring, for doing these allows you to gain chances at either Lightning or Structure Building, to make it past the individual level in time and to build structures for the storms that happen every two levels or so. You'll either like the game or not, it's a bit complicated to understand at first, and won't be fun for everyone.Also there are side-quests you can do that effect your story. The game has multiple endings, possible level paths, and more... What you do in levels, what level path you take, and the like effects the ending you work towards. The game is kind of made to be played multiple times, as its not very long and you won't go to many of the levels or see the whole game in a single playthrough.And the game gets weird. The story is told in a very indirect way, and some of the events that can happen are just absolutely bizarre. Honestly the story feels most similar to something that David Lynch might of concocted up if he were to make a video game about video games. Depending on who you are, that might either be a good or bad thing.The game's oddness is supplemented perfectly by its audio department. The game has a haunting soundtrack, interesting but odd sound design, but it all fits the weird atmosphere of the game perfectly.And there isn't really much to say. The game is deceptively complicated, but actually rather simple when you get down to it. It strikes me as a huge love it/hate it type of game, and something that'll divide people's opinions on whenever it's good or not.My stance is that it's interesting. The game itself is okay, but the atmosphere and some of the surreal elements I enjoyed. Of course, if you're less fond of such things, there will probably be less to enjoy in the game for yourself. Basically said, while there is a game here, the game is more about the experience. And depending on who you are, that experience will either be worth taking, or it won't be.Continue may be worth it if you like experience-based games with a surreal and strange edge that are open to interpretation. If you don't like that, you probably won't like the game. Like the game itself, it all seems so complicated but it's so simple, really."
,Not Recommended,263340,8556792,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Drafty Backpassage,"Not worthwhile. As much as I like strange ""artsy"" games like To The Moon, Antichamber, etc., I found myself struggling to like this one. I was really interested by the initial idea of Continue?9876543210, but in the end it delivers nothing but a load of horribly vague, cryptic, ""2deep4u"" nonsense with an absolutely bizarre excuse for a playable game. Very few things are explained or made to make sense.The idea of ""shelters"" being the worst as far as the gameplay goes. How many of those freaking things do you need? I ""died"" from having 4. Okay, then I'll just go for more. But having over 14 shelters didn't save me from getting zapped. And then I had to sit through the agonisingly long cutscene yet again, to start at the beginning again. To do what differently, exactly?This is far too ""contemporary art"" for me to think that it'll be enjoyable for most people. Whatever this is, the artist has picked a bad medium for it. If you want to tell a story that can turn out differently or have different meaning, tell it in a different way. A multi-choice visual novel would have been a far better medium, for example. Not a game that punishes the player for their expected failure by giving them an absolute waste of time of a story/experience."
,Recommended,263340,10853102,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Vulgar Mandala,"Emogame and Emogame 2 were staples of my adolescent experience. They turned me on to a slew of music that I wouldn't have appreciated otherwise and managed to be both hilarious and thoughtful throughout. When I saw that the creator of those flash games, Jason Oda, had developed this odd-looking title, I was intrigued. So, I'll lay out the negatives first: unskippable intro (that you will have to sit through many many times), boring and awkward combat, unintuitive gameplay mechanics. With that in mind, the game is a remarkably beautiful meditation on mortality explored by proxy through slain video game characters facing deletion and finally oblivion. If you go into this expecting a hack and slash dungeon crawl, you will be sorely disappointed. This is more of an interactive poem than a game, and it excels in that respect."
,Recommended,263340,13373404,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Draconic God of WTF,"Not everyone is going to like this game.  I can guarantee you this much.  I, for one, love this game very much, it's a very metaphorical experience.  Take note, this game has a bit of an arcade style to it.  You play until you die, then start again from the beginning.Yes, the game saves, automatically at the beginning of every level.Yes, you can skip the introductory cutscene, you have to click somewhere and a box appears in the top-right corner saying ""SKIP->""Some people will not take appreciation of the metaphor used in this game.  Others might, but will not enjoy the gameplay for some reason or another."
76561197975689717,Not Recommended,263340,8561271,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,SkaBob,"I bought this game hoping for a trip through the existential quandries in my mind (from the description it seemed it would be just that).  The problem is, the timing is so forced, and the game is so disjointed and random that the message can be totally lost.  I really, really want to like it, but there's just nothing in it that leads you down the path I was hoping to find myself on, and that's a really unfortunate let down..."
,Recommended,263340,8540743,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Lt.Krunch,"This is a tough game to describe in a review, it's not really like anything I have played before; But in a good way. This is the type of game you have to experience for yourself to truly understand it and even then it takes some time. At first I was lost, the game just kind of throws you into the world and asks you to figure it out on your own. It took me a good 30-45 mins of playing to start to understand that a lot of the things shouldn't be taken quite at face value and most things seem to have a deeper meaning than at first glance.It's not an easy game, but it's not a hard game. It's a game that require's player mastery through experience. You won't ""complete"" this game on your first go at it, and likely not your second or third either. The subject matter keeps you interested and often times will make you think. It's really a journey for the player character to make peace with the fact that their death is inevitable.This certainly isn't a game for everybody, but I say if the game's premise intrigues you; then give it a go!"
,Recommended,263340,30806568,Posted: 28 March,all,Palshy-kun,"Existential Crisis: The GameNo really, this game, while legitimately good in how it delivers its message, is one of the most depressing games you'll ever play. It's a game about a game where your character dies, and its programming object is freed from active memory, and that videogame character is desperately trying to buy a few more microseconds of time to make peace with the inevitability of being premanently erased by the system's garbage collector. Yes, this is a game that pointedly informs you that, some day, you will die.I considered it edifying as an experience to have through games, but consider this both a strong reccomendation and a legitimate warning. It's hauntingly beautiful in its effort to gameify the final journey we all must take some day."
,Not Recommended,263340,10989098,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,failsure,"The intro is the best part of this game.  The gameplay itself is fairly repetitive, and when I had reached the point of repeating levels or scenes, many of the sequences cannot be skipped even when I had seen them a number of times.  I really like the concept which is why I bought it despite the poor reviews.  I do not really care for the execution and was quickly bored with the title.Additionally the Linux port is not very good.  No resolution/fullscreen configuration without finding the config file and editing it, unlike the Windows launcher.  It also does not handle widescreen aspect ratios unlike the Windows version."
76561197981747830,Not Recommended,263340,8738118,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Saint Andrew [xNMT],"I believe that an idea is much more important that how the idea is expressed. As a conseqence, I am almost always willing to overlook bad gameplay provided a game has substance. Contine?9876543210 is the exception to this.Ostensibly the game is a contemplation of death, but the gameplay is so awful that it ruins anyting that the game is trying to communicate. Specifically:-The instructions provided are totally inadequate.-The controls are unredeemably bad.-Most sections of the game have arbitrary time limits. These appear to be included solely out of spite that the developer has for you.-A substantial portion of the game is composed of unskippable cutscenes.It seems like the total length of the cutscenes for the total game is probably less than 20 minutes, but thanks to the awful controls you will have to replay most of them for hours before you win. Given this situation, it is probably only a matter of time before some masochist posts them online. Since the main point of the game is for you to contemplate the cutscenes, if that happens you will essentially get the substance of the 'game' for nothing.Finally, do not be fooled by the trailers, they do not accurately represent the game. If you are truly interested in buying it, wait until some gameplay videos are posted online before you make your decision.The only positve aspect of the game was the music."
,Not Recommended,263340,11073939,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Gentleman Death,"When I first saw this game in the Greenlight queue, I was astonished.  The trailer looked wonderful.  An action/platformer that is esentially a deep meditation on the existence of video game characters, with a simplistic yet stylish look, and not to mention, a great track to accompany the whole affair.Once I saw it available in the Steam market, I bought it immediately (this never happens).What I got was a little different than what I expected.Yes, the deep philosophical message was there.  The eerie, ethereal atmosphere was there.  The melodious, calming soundtrack was there.  But gameplay was not.  At least, not what I was expecting exactly.The game opens with a very beautiful sequence of death and transcendence into the after life (In terms of a defeated video game character).  As wonderful as this opening is, you will get very sick of it.  You will die quickly from the get go, and you will see this long cut scene each time you restart.  But the first time around, it really sets the tone and feel of what is happening.  Very melancholic and simple with an underlying complexity.  From here on out is where my feelings for this game took a turn.From the trailer, it looked very Zelda-ish (to which I'm a sucker for.  See my review of ""Anodyne"").  This was certainly not the case.  You did not really have freedom to explore.  By freedom, I mean with enough time.  As soon as this starts, you are on a kind of timer for each world.  After a certain amount of time, the world around starts to fall apart and glitch; the system is essentially trying to delete you for good.  You have to do a lot of walking around, talking, while every once in a while being subjected to a rather lackluster battle sequence.  The point is to get out of the area you are in and move to the next area.  Now, there is also a small town in another area of the game.  It is here that you build up buildings which will also be subjected to termination.  At some point in the game (I forget when, as it has been some time since I've played this game) you go into the town.  The program starts systematically deleting the buildings.  If you get hit by a lightning bolt, you are deleted, and this results in a game over.  Then, it is time to start again, from the very beginning.The game is rather difficult, and when I played, I found it annoyingly difficult to survive inside of the small town you construct.  No matter where I went or the buildings I had, that bolt found its way to me, resulting in an instant game over.I might give it another go another time, but it was a big disappointment.  I like how they tried to really do something different, but in the end it wasn't fun.  I give it a perfect ten for style and music, but for gameplay...let's just say I give it a much lower score.  Maybe if it had been more free and open world, then it would have worked well.  I don't expect a Zelda knock-off AGAIN...but Anodyne seemed to manage being Zelda without being Zelda.Sorry creators of Continue?9876543210....Great concept.  Not so great execution."
,Recommended,263340,9252434,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Keverot,"More of a $4.99 game, but still very enjoyable.I've played through it a couple times and found it pretty deep. Reminds me of Skrillix Quest (Which is no suprise considering it was made by the same person)."
76561197970574735,Recommended,263340,8658071,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,iwillnotlive,The vibe this game puts out is like Ico + Silent Hill + Actraiser. I'm in love with the writing.
76561198134913244,Recommended,263340,23847834,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Skullkid,"It was not entirely what I expected from the trailer, but it is a great game. It is somewhat depressing, but it tells a good story of accepting the inevitable. I have been a fan of this game's creator for a while now and bought this game because I want to play all of their games, and I was not dissapointed at all."
,Recommended,263340,8639220,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,♥ Gremlin D.va ♥,"Death is merely the beginning in Continue?9876543210this game is moreso a great way to shed light on something everyone thinks about in those deep moments of thought. I reccomend this game to those who are interested in more than just a game. this is a dive into the end of ones life, and youll definately get some feels along the way.Continue? because there is indeed life after death."
,Not Recommended,263340,8582145,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Mean.Cloud,"One of the worst purchases I've made.The game has awful play control, awful storytelling (with lots of forced ""cutscenes"" that are both repetitive and uninteresting), and awful direction.  I say ""cutscenes"" very loosely because the scenes are regularly just a face or unmoving model with lots of text.  At no point do you really understand what you're supposed to be doing, yet you suffer consequences for failing to do those things.  There are also choices you're forced to make without any information about those choices (including thirty seconds into the game when you're asked if you want to change your character from one nondescript pixel man to another).The underlying idea of a fallen video game character trying to live again is actually compelling and the developers had a great mind to play with concepts like garbage collection and memory dumps, but the actual execution is... awful."
76561198034990004,Recommended,263340,8625799,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Darkvader,"The most creative game i've come across for a long while.with it's incredible humanity and soul this game won me over within 2 seconds of reading the steam store page, which is a rarity in this age of Call of Duties and Minecrafts.obviously that being said i don't mean to disown those games as they are solid and deserve being put in a good light for but they deffinetly don't have the soul this game possesses which is something, in my humble oppinion, is grossly lacking in video games in modern times.would i reccomend this game?, in short, hell yes!"
,Recommended,263340,8612291,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,_Icarus,Wow. A truely powerful message.
,Not Recommended,263340,10397668,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,1c0n,"The idea is entertaining, the first moments of gameplay is fantastic... but you do get bored after a while. Sadly, this game is quite repetetive and isn't even that challenging. You could easily finish this game within moments. Perhaps it would've been better if it had a larger variety of gameplay, and more places to explore. Sorry, but this is a thumbs-down from me."
,Recommended,263340,10774049,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SaNiTy,"I am very much in love with the 'Indie' genre of games. It is inspirational when I hear a group of only a few people who go through the effort of making a game all by themselves. This game, being my game nomination of the year, has amazing art, an amazing soundtrack, a great storyline and decently appealing gameplay which makes for a fantastic game altogether. The only difference is, it was made by only one man."
76561198080233917,Recommended,263340,25916141,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Monotone Echo,"The game is short and artsy. Only get it on sale (irts not worth $10.00), its a interesting game. Also read the instruction book in the pause menu in game."
,Not Recommended,263340,10401655,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Otto,"I really regret buying this.. It is confusing and really irratating being in the same places over and over...and over.. The font is so robotic I cant even read some of it, but it might be my resolution. You could get a lot more with $10.00 outa steam."
76561198064527406,Recommended,263340,8791100,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,TeeLight,"This game feels like the kind of game I would bring up if I were trying to impress some one with my intelligence and good taste. I do like the game I don't necessarily love it though.The game play, especially when I'm trying not to be deleted, is pretty fun. It's interesting to build a shelter town through prayers and unblock the exits through lightening. The variety of the minigames is pretty cool too.My only problem with this game is that there isn't much point, or at least it ends up feeling that way. No matter what, the game ends in the character's death. Which is fine, but it's that knowing it's the only way to play the game makes everything else feel a little bit empty. I still enjoyed the experience. It just sort of left me with a feeling of ennui.Even with the ennui I would say this is a fun game. At the very least it got me thinking. It does need some achievements though. Usually it doesn't bother me whether a game has them or not, but this one pretty much needs them. The entire point of the game is to go around and try to find some kind of value in the short time the character has left. It would make sense to have achievements that mark those moments.I say give this one a try. If nothing else you'll end up playing a game that you could bring up when artsy friends start talking about Melancholia or As I Lay Dying."
,Recommended,263340,19545634,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Shadz,"This game is not for the ""average"" game player. I love this game, however!!!"
,Recommended,263340,8579648,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Ruben McNoobin,"While the gravity of mortality and existential crisis isn't a topic that runs well with many, this game and its purpose target a specific group of players, not because they're any ""better"" than others, but because of its intention to incite thought and definition in the player's idea of purpose and life. The real success to gain from this game isn't from experiences all the areas or player, it's to take time to ask yourself questions and have a genuine answer."
76561198025907979,Recommended,263340,8558094,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Maloy20,"Great game and I know from reading the forums of this that a lot of people are debating getting it, well let me tell you how you can tell if this is your thing or not.I like the game, it is deep, reflective, classically designed, and obviously is a reflection of events in the author(s) life.The combat is incredibly simplistic, just like old button pressing games, but it stays interesting a varied by the variety of puzzles and combat scenes you do. You won't get bored of combat quick.The story is very good if simple, and is as the description says the story of a man trying to come to terms with his death, while also trying to complete his original quest he was designed to perform and locate a woman who has also fled from deletion.Now here's the thing if you only like games for their story and not difficulty you will struggle on this one, because the very simple combat also makes it challenging at times, and so you really have to work at getting towards the precious story.If you're solely looking for a combat game you are in the wrong place, the strongest parts of this game are its puzzles and memorization stuff, as well as deciding whether to invest in more lightning or prayers.I like to make mods for video games and honestly this is the kind of thing you can find a mod for, but that said I am still glad I paid for it and recommend it"
,Not Recommended,263340,9914382,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Morgan Blair (Shoukanjuu),"(Originally posted January 8 2014)I played Continue?9876543210 the last couple of nights. A weird game, apparently based on the developer's personal experience of getting lost in a desert while under the influence of a hallucinogenic. Not quite a ""roguelike"" (maybe a ""roguelike–like""?), it was a bit difficult and stressful, but very atmospheric and fraught—the kind of game that makes you question the/your purpose in life. I can't say that I ""enjoyed"" it (actually it made me feel quite sad), but I'm glad that I played it. I didn't ""beat"" it, but I think I'm done with it for now."
,Not Recommended,263340,8643368,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Paladin Caddy,"I played this game for about .... 1 minute, but it took me 10 to get into actual gameplay which was me going from the start to the end of ""Level 1"" to get into another cut scene.the sounds are extremly harsh, the animation is weak ( considering the simplicity of the models the rigs should be super simple) and i had no idea what was going on,"
,Not Recommended,263340,11040378,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,The Root Of All Evil,"There's a major problem with games as art. You need both the game and the art.Is Continue?9876543210 art? Certainly. Is it a game? Yes.Do these work together? No.Binding of Isaac shows you can concentrate on the game; while Dear Esther shows you can concentrate on the art.Now imagine shooting tears at Esther, and you can see what the problem with Continue is. Like salmon and marmalade, they work great on their own - but together you just feel nauseous.Skrillexquest is a far better game with a similar concept - also by the author. Continue always feels like it's trying to hard."
,Not Recommended,263340,8595321,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,M4Numbers,"Picture it... you start up the game with quite an interesting tagline of what happens to a video game character when they die. Unity starts up and tells you that the only option is for the 'fast' mode. Alright... that's fine.Then it loads up - there are no options menus, no start-up screen saying 'welcome'. You're just thrust into the world with a barely apparent text dialogue box that I personally forgot in about a minute. There's nothing to say what the things you're collecting do. There's no reason presented for you to do anything in the world apart from to make something bloody happen, you're just expected to go with the flow and whatnot.Once again... fine. It might not make sense to me, it might do to someone else.However... what I can know as part of concrete truths is that the game itself... is poorly designed and executed. The controls feel jerky and off, the combat is little more than just holding down a button and pointing the way you want the bad stuff to stop bothering you, the pause screen a) has no controller support, despite the game being listed as 'completely supported', there's no way to exit the game apart from killing the screen for crying out loud...All in all... the idea behind the game - of what happens when a video game character dies - was enough to spark my interest and get me to at least look at the game, whereupon said spark was immediately doused, dissolved, and forgotten due to the rusty nuts and bolts inherrant throughout the game. Cannot recommend."
,Not Recommended,263340,8601128,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Prince Annie,Probably a great game but I don't understand it. The description and game footage makes it sound like a great fun exploration game where you play as a dead game character. The desctiption is misleading it's just a story game that sometimes asks you to click while it's chucking cutscenes at you.
76561198043015484,Recommended,263340,8625791,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Blue Sexy Platypus,"I wish there was a meh, rating because this is what it feels like. The game is quite difficult to understand, but pretty intresting on the story. Though this game is just... well... meh."
,Not Recommended,263340,13351477,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,D4Dementia,"Very interesting conceptually, but very depressing.Is there any way this game has a happy ending? Or is it really inevitable digital holocaust for the protagonist and the various NPC he tries to save?I recommend it for people looking for a unique artistic experience, but not necessarily to gamers."
76561198102022052,Not Recommended,263340,8601248,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Dude117117,"This is one of those games that try to be something its not, with a sad themed song that plays over and over again, the movment of your character seems akward and seems as if the game was rushed to get out. The idea of this game is genius but poorly done. The main character wants to dodge being deleted so we are put into a 5+ stage of the same ""puzzle"" solving on a time limit, with a small action part which is also poorly done. All in all game was poorly done but a genius idea."
,Not Recommended,263340,9050355,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Ozzi,"Clearly resting on the artsy fartsy side of the spectrum, Continue? has an intriguing setup, and a lot of potential, but watses it by not telling you ANYTHING! You are thrust right into the game, no tutorial, no instructions, no nothing. And while some games can pull this off rather well, this game falls flat onto its face trying to do so. The randomness of the game also makes it hard to tell whether you are winning, or on the verge of death. If you REALLY want to play this, find an online walkthough. You'll need it."
,Not Recommended,263340,9609865,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,EchoSound,when u lose it repeats a waste of money
,Not Recommended,263340,9130024,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Huns,"The developer was willing to publish it on Steam and charge money for it, but not to give us a menu with the most basic configuration options present in every 3D platformer since the '90s. It can't be maximized. None of the options can be changed. It just runs in a window. What the hell were they thinking? This is just sloppy."
76561198067864522,Not Recommended,263340,8615204,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,dingopelts,No saves.  Too quick.  There's no time to explore and get a feel of the game.  You can't even quit.
,Recommended,263340,8610845,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Frederik,"I love this game, the atmosphere is romantic, in the way I am romantic myself. The Idea of following a hero after death is something new, yet not since it is one of the oldest mechanics in games. This once again is one of those games that make you say:""How as no-one done this already?!"" as they did with minecraft in it's time.But there is but one problem.. As far as gameplay, I have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue to what is going on. I am not a dumb person, it is, in my opinion, not explained very well. If the people did a demonstration, it would be much better.That being said, great game.Written later: When you get into the rules of the game..this game is actually QUITE good. It has an amazing sound track, which with that makes an even more amazing atmosphere. That mixed with decent rules, when you start to get past the mist of confusion, makes a great gameMy rating: 8-8.5 out of 10"
76561198076541037,Recommended,263340,8658555,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Johan 2.0,I don't even know what do anymore?
,Not Recommended,263340,8603831,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,grrrvahrrr,A collection of minigames connected by a pretentious story. It’s ok.
,Not Recommended,263340,8702325,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,goodbye forever,Pseudo Intellect: The Roguelike. Play at your own risk.
,Not Recommended,263340,8651835,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,meding,Impossible learning curve. Not worth the 10 dollars. 3/10 would not play again.
,Not Recommended,263340,9006989,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Munch,Skrillex Quest was much better and it's free
,Recommended,263340,8580111,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,pepperonii-chan,"It's really hard. I've just begun, and I've had trouble. Very original idea, very good concept, and extremely good graphics for it's purpose. Good!"
,Recommended,263340,8567764,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,@ferguspaints,"Its a really fun game with unique graphics and a excellent soundtrack, but is a bit overpriced. It is rather interseting and evn kind of fun though. Great game all up."
,Recommended,263340,8562410,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,TheCocaColaKid,A awesome indie game has cool storyline and is quite an amazing game i reccomend it!
,Recommended,263340,10647059,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Panda,This game is fun... but REALLY confusing in the beginning
,Recommended,263340,8610473,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,RPvonB,"A beautiful game, keeping you on a constant 'what' voyage - and a challenge to boot! Sounds like a chore? It isn't!"
,Not Recommended,263340,9151817,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Londii,the game was great in the way of being able to have a emotional connection with the world but the game felt to repetetive and  same old same old
,Recommended,263340,8544619,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Magic Pegasus Dream Stallion,"A gorgeous game that makes little sense and a whole lot of feelings.If you are the type of person that needs points and numbers and solidity, this isn't the game for you. It's an experience, a sort of indescribable trip you have to be willing to open yourself up for. You won't understand, at least at first, and you certainly aren't going to do anything that might mean 'win'. It is a game, you fight things with a sword, you talk to characters, you beat a timer. But in a way it feels as if those things really aren't what make it, it's something different, and something wonderful.The tone is incredibly dark, the graphics are incredibly flashy on some settings (Epileptics be warned!), the controls are the only downside as they feel a little too slippery"
,Not Recommended,263340,8936103,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Vargias,WE SHOULD READ REVIEWS FIRST AND LATER BUY THE GAME ITS BAD REALLY BAD
76561198059381170,Not Recommended,263340,10956814,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,thats_how_i_feel,This game is more like a thesis paper. No fun to be had. The game is a commentary on games. Do not buy it if you want to have fun.
76561198090487647,Not Recommended,263340,11128982,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Aku-Aku,"This game... Oh, this game... Not worth the money, I think. It looks kind of cool, but it is very confusing. Now, I will say that I haven't played too much, but throughout my play sessions, I could not tell what was going on for the life of me. The game kind of dropped me in without much explanation. Or maybe there was explanation, and I just missed it. And if that's possible in a game, that's probably a bad sign. Explanation and tutorials should be distinguishable so you know what you're doing and how to do it. This game is pretty darn bad."
76561198040215860,Recommended,263340,8592286,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,@TheRealJordanRodkey,"I have not played this for an extended period of time (so take that for what you will). However, I have played it enough to get a grasp on it's concept and tone.First off, this is a very interesting game. And, yes, this is a game. There is combat, there is strategy, there is survival. For as much as I enjoyed Gone Home and The Stanley Parable, there wasn't much in the way of a real ""game"" wiithin their systems. Those looking for something different though still, very much, a video game, this might be for you.As far as said gameplay goes, there's a lot to explain. So I won't bother with extensive explanations. I will at least tell you that it's a game of managing Lightning and Prayers. Lightning slowly opens up paths to one of several possible stages (there are 11 in total, supposedly... though, I imagine there's a 12th), while Prayers grant you safehouses in a nearby town. Those shelters in those towns house you from Garbage Collection. Basically, death.Think of the world of Continue?987654321 as Purgatory. You're neither alive or dead, and your end goal is closure before your inevitable passing.Various other systems are at play, and they will probably quirk your brow at first. But, eventually, you'll realize everything's intention and a complete picture will begin to form. Those claiming the game is a mess of design are possibly correct, but even with my limited time with the game, I personally feel it's a solidified set of systems. Nothing amazingly arbitruary. You'll at least never be bored.[Also, talk to everyone you can.]Now, the other focus of the game is EMOTIONS. I guarantee at least some of the dialogue will make you sigh, and those with a low threshold for ""pretentious"" imagery and dialogue might be annoyed by a good handful of it (the beginning scenes even had me rolling my eyes a bit, despite it's slick presentation). However, there is, thankfully, a fair amount of humor (whether intentional or not) that offsets the sincerity. Example: You'll come across a tribe of Juggalos  alongside actual Native Americans. The dialogue here can be... pretty hilarious.There are moments where the sincerity is enjoyable, and this is where the game is especially good. In these moments, the mellow music, the great art design, and gameplay all come to form a tight bond. And you want to keep playing, for, as I've already said, the game is also never boring. You'll have to recall dialogue, participate in gameplay challenges, balance Lightning and Prayers, and so on.Again, this is a very interesting game. Whether or not it's worthwhile to me in the long run has yet to be seen. However, upon first impressions... it's pretty damned cool."
,Recommended,263340,8539203,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,dArth_Debug,This game is exciting and weird and I've enjoyed every minute that I've played it.
76561197960790476,Recommended,263340,8543968,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Shadowpq,"Ok so in a few word i totally love this game: The music its great and peacefull, except fighting parts that music its good also :D. The story its deep and simple. There's 11 levels, so i read, and you play random 6 levels and what i see with random hero :) this gives me more fun :D!!! sooo i really recommend this game :)"
,Not Recommended,263340,25449105,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Gisorka,The only bad game I own in my library.
76561198046213356,Not Recommended,263340,23762952,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Yanky,Terrible
,Not Recommended,263340,8605126,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Rawb,"There's nothing for it, this game doesn't stand up as an enjoyable title as it goes on.It makes every effort to be a cerebral meaningful experience, an allegory for death with a gaming twist. But as a game too many things work badly in the design and work against the player in an unfair, unenjoyable way.To escape each level, the player must talk to people in the street to gather clues and buy entry into doors around the stage. In these doors the player must use the clues to answer riddles and return treasures, in exchange for one of two boons. Either lightning strikes at one of the blockaded exit, or a shelter is prepared in a future level to protect you from the enemy.However the lightning strikes are completely randomised, and will -with alarming frequences- strike the exact same spot every single time, leaving the remaining barricade intact, and meaning you must now spend even more doors on lightning instead of shelter.Couple this with the deeply unpleasant text, which apes a primitive console script, but is painful to read in it's stretched, unspaced format, coupled with the unnecessary grinding noise ever time it is 'printed' on the screen.The game features middling variety in it's battle sequences, with a variety of different situations needing to be combatted to escape the enemy at the end of each round. A platforming stage, a dungeon crawler, a cute homage to Space Invaders (Mattel). It is a nice effort, and despite the simple nature of the one button combat, an enjoyable close to each round.But the way the game is designed to be played multiple times undoes this charm. Each time you play, the player traverses six stages from the game, before meeting with an ending. After your first playthrough, there may be optimism to see some of the other stages. But very quickly it becomes tedious, as in between every stage is a sizeable, 'evocative' cutscene. All of which cannot be skipped.I advise people to avoid this game, it is not as intelligent and evocative as it wishes to be, and is not a pleasant or rewarding experience to sit through."
76561198019482588,Recommended,263340,8601138,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Syphontwo,"PLEASE READ BEFORE YOU BUYI am a huge fan of this type of game.  A game that explores the deeper parts of the mind and such, its like reading an excellent book you have some control over.  The problem with this type of game is that most of them are indie and underfunded.  This means that a lot of the times, the gameplay gets in the way of the storytelling...This is one of those games...The gameplay is pretty bad.  Maybe, MAYBE on an Ipad it wouldn't be as horrid, but on the computer the controls suck and the gameplay is repetitive.That said, the storytelling and more esoteric qualities of the game are supurb.  Personally, I have found it hard to fully enjoy them because the gameplay is bad, hence why I don't have much time spent in game.  Once I'm in the right mindset though, I know the cerebral excersices will be greatly enjoyable.TL;DRGameplay - REALLY badesoteric stuff - AMAZINGif cerebral > gameplay = buyelsesave money"
76561198121068361,Recommended,263340,8740158,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,broskiplayz,"This game is amazingly done music was good, ending was okay. GOOD JOB"
,Recommended,263340,8723559,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Cat Organs,"The soundtrack and visuals are AMAZING. I loved every bit of this game, I even felt sad when it came down to deletion. It really made me think about my own life. and I love this game for that. A+ Jason Oda. You did it."
,Recommended,263340,8690089,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Kampferwolf,"It's been a long time since I played a game that invoked thought, and the first thing I'll say of this game is, it does it on a massive scale. Where do we go when we die, when the last breath we take is over and we are sent into the infinante void of the unkown? Well the game explores that concept in a way that a videogame character would. Your character dies, and only waits to be deleted forever. However... he is not ready to die.The game brings in lots of puzzles, mainly memory games, and lots of exploration. Different areas bring different challenges, which can be somewhat luck based unless you explore more effectively. Making a wrong choice can be utterly disasterous, rendering your last chance to survive completely null.The biggest highlight I have to give this game, is the music. The games soundtrack is so amazing, and honestly sounds like a masterpeice all on its own. I wish there was somewhere I could buy it, because I would in a heartbeat. The music fits very well with the game, giving you a feel for each area while also reminding you of your impending demise.This is honestly one of the most inventive and amazing Indie games I've ever played, probably up there on the list with the all mighty Braid. For 10 bucks, this game is worth buying twice."
,Not Recommended,263340,13669040,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ShadeGoat,"Play Skrillex Quest, its a better version of this."
76561198060919562,Not Recommended,263340,13872821,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,TheGayAgenda,"Here's the dealio kids, I went into this game not with high or low expectations, I just really liked the premise of it. You are essentially dead and you're trying to put together your life and desires in this crazy afterlife inside a computer. I thought to myself ""Hell yeah, existentialism!"" Playing the game is a completely different experience, I will admit this I have not beaten the game yet. I get to the very last level and die every time, but here's the thing if you die in this particular level you restart the entire game.Now let me try to explain the mechanics of the game you go to a random level of ten differnet levels that you can be dropped into, you will then try to complete various tedious objectives normally involving talking to the residents in the 'town'; what you are trying to do is gain lightning and prayers from around the town you need both to win the game, the lightning will randomly destroy a piece of the blocks blocking the exits. Prayers build a safehouse in the very level I cannot get past, all while on a timer. ""What happens when this timer runs out you ask?"" Well the level will slowly be destroyed a piece at a time until you find an exit or get destroyed with it. So let me run you through it all together now: You get dropped into a town, 3 minutes to get enough lightning so that you might be able to open an exit, and get some prayers to build up your defenses in the town that will get destroyed by the computer. Oh and if you get attacked and lose a fight against one of the enemies they'll take away one of your safehouses.So let's say you make it through all that and make it to the town (You have to go there twice to win the game) you run into a building several houses get destroyed then you have to find a new one, this goes on a couple times and then let's say you win that round, yay! You will then have to go back there in 3 more levels and you have to build up more prayers or you're not going to make it.I tried to like this game, but I just could not get past the terrible gameplay, if there were better objectives, not such a harsh timer, or anything really, it could be playable, but it's just not.3/10"
,Not Recommended,263340,14488951,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Jobabob,"A great premise but I can't recommend this game. I'm all for philosophising and a deep story, but the premise is ALL this game has. I couldn't really find a story behind constant references to prayer and lightning and very brief discssions of nihilism. Tedious gameplay with no proper gamepad support and obscure mechanics further marred the experience. If you want ruminations on computer people - play the Talos Principle instead."
,Recommended,263340,11538769,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Denzophage,"This little indie gem is actually an interesting game. It gave me a feeling of futility and wonderment. The first few playthroughs can make you a little lost but the setting in which it takes place is dark. If you know anything about processors and how they operate, this games gets you thinking about entities it operates on, however unrealistic it may be. Dark, depressing, and a pleaseant addition to my library.8/10"
,Recommended,263340,10999557,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Cafe,"In this immersive game, you play a character that failed to complete his quest and now faces an unavoidable fate : deletion from memory. Filled with beautiful soundtracks and thoughtful dialogs, this game will make you think about your own existance and mortality while you struggle to survive attacks from the relentless Garbage Collector."
76561197970999635,Not Recommended,263340,11233479,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Vilmir,"It's a very personal game that has deepness.Unfortunately, this is all it has. Gameplay is ridiculous, the visual experience is horrible. The story telling is slow and a bit overestimated, add to that very aggressive sound effect, and you'd understand why I won't play beyond the first hour."
,Not Recommended,263340,11221932,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,kccricket,"I purchased this game based on what I saw in the video trailer. I saw a retro-style action adventure game with a deep, sad, yet sweet story that would make me think about life and fill me with a desire to help this poor protagonist sprite. Perhaps it's my fault for misinterpreting the trailer, but it seems to be more like the developer misrepresented the game quite heavily.Rather than your typical adventure game where you advance the story by exploring new areas, fighting the Bad Stuff, and engaging in dialogue with NPCs, you have here a frantic experience of rushing to find disappearing NPCs to talk to and doors to enter punctuated by uninspired slice-and-dice minigames.On the up side, the introductory cutscene sequence is a beautiful thing to watch, but I could have done that on YouTube."
,Recommended,263340,14027784,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,slidon,"I reallyl like Continue?9876543210. It can be confusing, but provides a constantly changing experience, topdown exploration, platformer fighting, some really nice cutscenes as well. Which is nice since many games do not dare to change it around like that."
76561198116422769,Recommended,263340,13659231,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,suiuridsattack,"TL;DR - Recommended, yes, but with caution. This is an interesting concept that is not always well executed in terms of mechanics, and it's easy to get frustrated.I really, really, really wanted to like this game. Continue? is a beautiful idea, and has very strange but wonderful writing. I love this style of graphics, so that's another tally in the ""Pro"" column. The music is nice, and some of the stage designs were really wonderful. A special shout-out goes to the Pink Castle level, where a number of princesses wander about. One of them tells you a story about being kidnapped and taken to a castle, where she awaited rescue. And when no one came, she took up a sword and beheaded anyone who got in her way, forging a new path for herself to carve out a life where she could have peace. It was a beautifully written story that I wish I had screen shots of, but unfortunately the levels randomly generate and I can't quite work up the motivation to play again until I get to that level. Which brings me to my next point…There are some flaws. Big ones. The idea of semi-random encounter battles that drop you into a sort of mini-game based on some other style of game, mostly arcade-style games from what I saw, is a really great concept that fits the theme of this game and it's story. The downside is that the encounters are frustratingly difficult, to the point of nearly gamebreaking, and ultimately I gave up on this title. It has some other flaws, some in the mechanics (I hit some glitches that required me to start the game over--which is ironic as hell, considering the plot of a game character battling through random access memory trying to buy time to avoid being deleted) and some with the repetitive nature of the conversations and cut scenes that can't be avoided or skipped. I will, hopefully, pick this up again one day. I recommend Continue? because it's an interesting idea with some cool graphics and great music. But take the recommendation with a grain of salt, because in a lot of ways it's very difficult to play through and not the rewarding experience I had hoped for."
76561198032345390,Recommended,263340,33502982,Posted: 13 July,all,Nyet Diem,"Actually enjoyable for a short duration game. The best thing about this game is the atmosphere that the creator formed. It isn't as smooth as many other games, but if you say that you like Super Metroid & then argue that THIS is clunky....I would doubt you've played anything older than The Surge.If you like arcade style or anything non-bullet hell from that era, you'll probably get a few hours of fun out of this."
76561198025280562,Not Recommended,263340,35481546,Posted: 4 October,all,Revenant14,"Continue?9876543210 is literally the most depressing game I've ever played. I don't mean it's just sad, or disheartening, or bad, or deep. It's one of the only pieces of media I've ever experienced that, without fail, makes me feel worse every time I play it. I can read tragic stuff, I can watch sad movies, whatever- occasionally I might even feel teary-eyed- but only Continue? actually makes me feel actually mentally distressed.In Continue?, you play as the data ghost of one of several failed video game characters, destined for deletion by some sort of cyberspace garbage compactor. In order to survive, you must flee through these strange recycled realms, where everybody talks in an eerie, vaguely poetic dialect of english, mixing terms of faith and hope with computer and video game terminology. Your currency is ""Foo"" (or possibly ""fod"", given the somewhat ambiguous font); your extra lives are ""Spare Parts"". And, most importantly, you are frequently given the choice between two options- ""Lightning"" and ""Prayer"". Every time you choose to take Prayer, you create an extra layer of defence at your next gateway town, meaning Prayer is vital to your success in the game. Every time you choose to take Lightning, you randomly destroy some of the barriers blocking your progress to the next level, making Lightning vital to your success in the game.The game actually has a really great atmosphere- of inevitable doom and the futility of struggling further. I presume this is the intended effect, because it's actually pretty haunting. Some of the ""lore"", barely comprehensible as it is, actually sticks with you after playing it, the poems and the ""prayers"" of the NPCs you speak to genuinely some impressive alternative writing. The sound and level design also puts forward this idea, especially in the zones between certain levels.The other thing that contributes to the feeling of dread and nihilistic despair, however, is the gameplay. In order to survive, you must collect Lightning and Prayer, and the game is utterly unforgiving. If you die without a Spare Part to revive yourself, then the game gives you a ""second chance"" by consuming some of the shelters you earned with Prayer. This is, essentially, just a way of making you suffer more. Losing even a few shelters will result in a game over once the storm comes. The rest of the game is a mixture of slightly janky minigames (which punish you harshly for losing, making taking part in the encounters a tense gamble) and a race against the clock to find NPCs to talk to to gain resources from. Several of the NPC interactions are basically just random chance- there are temples, for instance, which reward you for providing the right answer to an abstract and unknowable riddle. If one of the NPCs you met in this run told you the answer, then, so long as you remember it, you can pass the test and gain a large amount of Lightning or Prayer. If, however, you weren't fortunate enough to run into that NPC yet, then you have to either guess or leave, having wasted some of your very limited amount of time in the overworld before it begins randomly collapsing again.If you're feeling charitable, you could argue that the clunky gameplay is part of the metaphor- the challenges we face are random because our lives are not designed for us to succeed in. The controls are imprecise because really, how much control do we have over our lives? Or something like that. Alternatively, your character just handles really badly because the game's a bit shoddily programmed.As an artistic endeavour, Continue? is actually pretty impressive. It's also the most insidiously soul-destroying experience available to you on Steam, which is why I can't really recommend it. Continue? never gives you any answer or comfort about the existential dread it wields- your character is doomed, just as you are doomed, to be erased and become nothing. Some people describe something similar about Dark Souls- sorry for bringing it up- but at least in Dark Souls it's possible to at least kind of achieve something. Continue? presents a world where the player is utterly alone and totally abandoned, faced with an unfair challenge to extend their miserable existence by approximately a couple of hours if they succeed."
