user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,263360,8658821,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,llammahed,"At first glance, the graphical presentation of gameplay video led me to believe this is another half-hearted indie game that hoped to make it on plastering code together beyond the technological understanding of the developer. Instead of judging it on that, the procedural generation took my curiosity and I headed to the forums. The developer was answering questions left and right and very calmly and non-defensively replying to those who expected graphics to triumph this title.This game has an essense I haven't felt since my first few nights of Minecraft Survival. There's so much out there, so much that is unknown, so many things to learn that are alien. The developer really has you immersed in the game by allowing you to figure certain tactics out on your own while being slightly guided through quests and game mechanics.This is quite a find in terms of up-front visuals and actual beneath-the-surface gaming. Don't that this title for the visuals, pick this title up to support a developer who's actually created some so deep and intimate to the gamer that wants to PLAY and not just SEE."
,Recommended,263360,11527522,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Legendary Neurotoxin,"Sneak, steal, hide, teleport, sword charge, rip time, kill the target, sneak again.Form a crew, take on quets, complete them to gain notoriety, recruit a tougher crew, take on tougher quests.Find a plane, strafe across enemies, dogfight, get shot down, find an enemy plane behind enemy lines, get back to shooting.Build up your arsenal, grab a board, blast some baddies, get better gear to upgrade your arsenal, blas more baddies.Find a nice place, fend off nearby threats, build up some walls and a floor, set down some systems and storage, and defend your new home.Track down bosses, conquer enemy bases, complete content, discover the history of Xax, try to learn more about the goal of the Overlord.3089 gives players truly open choices for various styles of gameplay. This world is whatevere you make of it, from espionage to military contest to thrillseeking deeper into high-difficulty territory!"
76561198006568104,Not Recommended,263360,12606294,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Morgoth,"For more reviews and gameplay videos by Morgoth, check out the profile or the Twitch channel attwitch.tv/morgoth0221While I do appreciate what the developer is attempting to do in this game, there's just not enough substance for me to actually recommend this game.  I love the leveling system and how you can get good at just about everything, but the entire game is just one big grind.  There is very little story or plot to the entire game, and at least to me, in a game like this, there needs to be a driving force to continue on or a reason to be doing what you are doing.  The quests that are given have no bearing whatsoever on anything besides the fact that they are fetch quests that give you skillpoints.The graphical style, while interesting, turns stagnant very quickly, and the same goes for the weapons as a whole.  They all generally look the same.  Not a bad deal at the low price point I picked the game up for, but even then I wouldn't consider it worth it.EDIT:  After coming back to this game about 7 months later from my initial review, I have gone back and played through the entire game (and yes you can beat it).  It's not quite as bad as I originally thought, the weapons do get a little more interesting, and the enemies become a little more varied.  Overall though, there are just far too many flaws in this game to really be enjoyable.  The entirety of the game turns out to be one long grind.  And grinding is never fun.  Grinding was originally introduced in old-school RPGs like Dragon Warrior and Final Fantasy, to give the impression that the games were longer than they really were.  But grinding wasn't even enjoyable then.  It's always been a pain, and the fact that this seriously antiquated idea has managed to still be around today in gaming is ridiculous.  And this entire game is a GRIND.  So expect very little story, and very little fun in the world of 3089."
,Recommended,263360,8653579,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,☺ Rio Blast,"This reminds me of the first time I played minecraft. After you play around for a bit and figure everything out, it becomes apparent how wonderful of a ride you are in for. Worth every cent."
,Recommended,263360,9025171,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,TITOMOSQUITO187,"Hmmm...how to describe this game? It's like a sort of old school FPS game really where you have weapons and kill things, but you can also build, craft a little, recruit robots, fly ships, etc.Looking at it you see it is old school animation of course. This doesn't matter much. It fits and it allows for random generation of the worlds when you start a new game. So...if you don't like the look of your first world...just make another one.Really what makes this game unique is the depth of mechanics that you don't really see just at a glance. The beginning of the game seems a bit daunting at first because you are not really sure where to go, or what to do. You start with nothing basically as you, a robot, drop off a ship into a world filled with blue and red robots. Fortunately, the red robots are on your side! Red=Good, Blue=Bad. So...the first thing they tell you is to go to the Waypoint and start doing quests. Do this. You get to the waypoint and it is a building with several shops in it. You start with $1,500 and that is just enough to pretty much buy a weapon and maybe some armor to get going on with. Then you should immediatley go to the quest machine and start doing quests. This is basically how you learn how to play. Doing the quests and that forces you to venture out a little.An interesting point about the starting area, if you look on the map it will tell you that it is Level 1, but if you scroll in any direction further away the level of the area increases, and along with it the difficulty. So early on being a gung ho explorer with Level 1 garbage is a bad idea. You need to hang around the starter area a bit and beef up a little.It has RPG aspects where you do quests, earn skill points, and then assign them to the dozen or so skills that you have every time you complete a quest. No actual ""Level Up"", you just play for the skill points and money, and then can assign them. These skill points allow you to make better chips that give you bonuses when equipped, better stealth so you can creep up and kill with double damage, the ability to FLY SHIPS, the ability to recruit other Red Robots to fight along side with you, and several others.Eventually when you ae feeling brave you should go towards the Red ""X"" that is hovering out in the distance to fight a tough battle to progress the game a bit further. Not only does this allow you to move the ""Story"" along, but it unlocks the hatches, which also unlock, BUILDING. Yes, you can actually build your own bases, set up turrets, and many other things. IT is not necessary to do so, but adds a bit to the game. There are many building scattered throughout the world with shops and quests that you can see on the map.Almost all of the weapons can be broken into parts, or you can just buy parts, or find them in the world. Then you take them to a workbench and assemble them. This is nice when you have a couple really great parts and find another gun that has only one better part than you currently have on your weapon. You can disassemble both and put it back together with the best parts. You can actually get lost in this trying to make your weapon slightly better all the time. lol Armor has parts as well that can be mixed and matched. Microchips can be broken up and with a higher programming skill you can increase the value of them yourself.The weapons, armor, etc. are all random too. They start at LEvel 1 where you are and get better as you venture out. They have rarity percentage on them to give you a quick look at if they are better, but that percentage may not always mean better for you. Sometimes you want something with a higher +Guns boost on it rather than +Agility and the percentage doesn't matter to you. The weapons come in melee, pistols, rifles, etc. with all energy weapons being in the same classes.Oh yeah...I would be silly not to mention that this game has a shop listed as ""Special"" that sells hoverboards, grappling hooks, gravity guns, and decoy guns as well. They all do what you think they do!Basically, you just are in an open world where you can go out and kill stuff if you want, do some quests, collect. weapons and armor, and fulfill your dream of being a robot thief that steals from his other robot friends for no reason, save the Red Robot army with some fantasy of them being held down by the blue robots, or any other asinine fantasy you have...if you were a red robot.The graphics aren't the best, and if you don't venture out the game, but only keep doing easy Level 1 quests for too long it can become tedious, but overall it is a very interesting FPS game with a lot of mechanics that you discover while you play. The graphics seem to have some issues at times, but this can be overcome. Enemies from quests in rare instances can spawn in unreachable areas due to the randomness of it, BUT the game has a debug for quests that you can click on and it will respawn the destination to a place that is accessible. So no harm, no foul.The music in this game is quite awesome too I must say. It is very atomospheric and fits perfectly. It has a bit of a techno feel to it and is just a very calming and great soundtrack for the game.The developer is very active on the forum and takes suggestions and tries to make the game better as much as he can. So this game should have support for a good while.I would recommend checking out some videos of the gameplay to see if it is something you would like first, however. I think it is a very interesting game and worth a buy, but it is NOT a straight FPS action game of the new era. It is more old school so you should look into it a bit more than just reading a few reviews as they can't accurately show you the ""feel"" of the game like a video can.The game also has trading cards for you card addicts out there. 8 Total, with 4 drops. :P"
,Recommended,263360,14123852,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,The Valeyard,"The 4th game in the series, 3089 has the player take control of an experimental combat droid, placed amongst a perpetual war on the planet Xax that serves as a testing ground for your efforts.Gameplay involves traversing an open world, completing ""quests"" & challenges, getting into fights with enemy robots, collecting loot, and increasing skills. The world itself is procedurally generated, and the further from the starting point the player travels the higher in level enemies & items are. There are also no boundaries to the world map; as long as you can survive, you can keep travelling further out.Quests are randomly generated and are effectively infinite in number. Because your role is to test an experimental combat technology, the quests are very straight-forward and - occasionally - don't make sense. This isn't an issue as there aren't any real lives going on here. Completing set challenges will unlock new enemies; these challenges can be thought of as the main quest-line as they (usually) lead to an end-game scenario.The robots themselves (your character included) are assigned to either the red team or blue team. Your robot is assigned to the red team, and you'll start in a red base along with various other red robots and buildings. Other red robots can be befriended if the player's Prestige is high enough, with no limit on the number of followers you can have.Items are modular in design; all weapons & armours are built from segments that can be interchanged at a Workstation. This allows - for example - upgrading a ""favourite"" gun, building a better sword from 2 others that have good parts, or just simply replacing an existing rifle with a better one. There are also utility devices such as grappling hooks, telelocators (weapon-style teleporter), hoverboards, decoy generators, and building tools. Various things can be built, from a simple wall, to a teleporter.The player's character has various skills (including Agility, Energy, Stealth, Melee) which are increased by assigning points gained by completing quests, challenges, or clearing enemy towers. There is no limit to how high a skill may be, and if you so wish, every point can be added to a single skill. The skill-set is diverse enough to specialise as a sniper, commander, pilot, tank, sword-bot, etc., as well as developing a more balanced robot.Another ability the player has access to is ""time-ripping"". When this is turned on, the entire world stops except for you; even new projectiles you generate (from firing your gun) will remain stationary until time-ripping ceases. Grappling hooks will still function as normal though. The player's robot can store up to 15 seconds of time-rip; this can be replenished by collecting donut-shaped pick-ups scattered around the landscape.Pros:*Open world; virtually unlimited in size*No skill limits*Diverse abilities & items*AI is challenging*Game's source code can be altered for advanced modding*Playable on 8 year old laptopsCons:*Multi-play is limited to 2-player co-op*Main quest-line is very short"
76561197974338817,Recommended,263360,8676342,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,DaHeiRenX,"An out-of-nowhere pleasant surprise from a super-small developer, this game is totally worth its asking price. Massive replayability in the vein of Minecraft or Delver, simple and intuitive controls making it easy to pick up and play, grappling hooks, teleportation, hoverboards, aircraft, stealth-robbery, stopping time, crafting, randomized l00tz, voxel-esque building and skill points. And the way the map works in-game is really freakin' awesome. I'm having a blast with the game and I haven't even made it out of the starting area yet. It is deserving of its cost and then some, because honestly, I've bought drinks that were more expensive, less memorable and nowhere near as satisfying as 3089."
,Recommended,263360,8710459,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Symphony,"First off, I want to make it clear that 3089 is NOTHING like Minecraft. Where 3089 lacks in visual esthetics, the game play is really captivating.3089 is a very unique RPG that can allow you to not only customize your character, but most (if not all) your gear and weapons as well. There are a bunch of cool abilities like teleportation, building, cloak, bullet time, vehicles, hover boards and grappling hooks. It makes the game extra fun to combine some of these abilities and tackle some missions or engage in a epic boss battle.The architecture and the planet of 3089 really reminds me of the classic Starsiege Tribes and that goes double for the construction system. As I started to toy around with the building tool, it felt like I was playing ""Construction Mod"" for Tribes 2. I don't want to keep comparing, but there are a lot of qualities of 3089 that reminds me of the Tribes Series. I'm an old Tribes vet so I absolutely love that familiarity.The planet XaX has a lot of different hazards such as lighting storms, rain and lakes that can cause corrosion, and an epic meteor shower that can kill almost anything. 3089 has a smooth transition of day and night thought the days don't seem to last long. I've put in 10 hours and from what I can tell, there is nothing significant of the day and night cycle unfortunately.3089 can be a little overwhelming at first but once you get familiar with the world, that's when the game blossoms."
,Recommended,263360,8783699,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,FoxTwo,"If you're getting turned off by the graphics, you're going to miss out on a great game!Like most people, the first time I saw this game, my initial thoughts was - ""cute game... very retro, 1980s style but crap graphics by today's standards"". I doubted it was any good. I mean.. RPG? Sandbox free roam? With graphics like that? Gotta be kidding me! (yup, usual pre-conceived notions about a game just by ""first looks"").Beneath the ""blocky and pixellated graphics"" lies a free-roam world, where you can explore and try stuff on your own. You can follow the main quest, or not. You can take sidequests, or not. Beneath this simple blocky world lie a hidden world of depth and exploration. Crafting is very simple... you find stuff, put them together...You break apart stuff, you put other parts together and see what you get. The items are in very discrete units - body, handle, barrel etc etc... but the combinations you put together buffs or debuffs you. This is so unlike other usual more ""mainstream RPG"" where you have to find ""ingredients"" and ""materials"" to craft, for example. You waste a lot of time just getting 20 ores and 50 wood just to make that cool gun or armour, or 2 roses 3 leaves and 1 root to make that potion.The premise of the game is simple - you are a robot, dropped onto the planet Xax for a ""final evaluation"". Then, you are left on your own with only 1 suggestion - ""Do quests"". That's it. From here on it's up to you to follow the main quest or just do your own stuff.While this game might present itself as an ""FPS"", it is anything but. Imagine this as a blocky version of Borderlands, You can play it like an FPS but you'd get better mileage out of it if you play it as an RPG.And since this is a sandbox/free roam game... JUST EXPLORE! Try stuff! Go swimming! Jump off the tallest building you can find! See what happens!"
76561198044756021,Recommended,263360,8669281,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,II M1GHTYFOX II,"Played for 1 hour and completely addicted, you can build your own weapons and everything is randomly generated, I rarely review games but seriously GEt This!!"
,Recommended,263360,8696317,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,KillaKomodo,"3089 is a fun game. If you like fps rpgs like borderlands and fallout 3/NV you should not have to much of a problem getting into 3089. In 3089 you are an android droped on to the mysterious and randomly generated planet Xax, You are one of the few androids with emotion codes giving you the ability to do quest and fight robot at your pleasure instead of taking commands from the Overlord.You start off in a friendly base where you can buy weapons, armor, consumables, and other forms of transportation, take quest, and recruit other androids for help and all of it is randomly generated. The weapons, armor and specials are all made on a parts system where you have say three parts to an energy pistol all with their own effect on you and your guns ability's. The amount of options this system gives you along with the normal rpg system of adding points to certain skills to better your self gives you a lot of flexibility in how you mold your android. If you want to be a pilot that fly's ships and shoots guns, go ahead. A stealth focused melee character that teleports and can turn invisible, fine. A commander that recruits androids to fight for you and steals all of his items, no problem. The gun play is serviceable and fun but does not have the most kick to it, but that does not mean the combat is lackluster because of all the ways to move in combat you have a lot of choice in how you fight a battle, you can use a grappling hook and hover bored in conjunction to get crazy height and speed and drop on an enemy with a sword. I have heard some criticism on the graphics and while they are not the best and even I someone that does not really care about graphics when looking at screen shots thought ""wow this does not look good"" am glad that I took the time to watch some videos on it first, but the graphics do grow on you and seeing as the game is made in java it should be very modible. Anyway a videoGAME is about game play, that is why they are not called videographics. Another complaint I have heard is that the character is slow and sluggish and this I find laughable either the person does not understand encumbrance and is carrying to much thus making them slow or they have not payed attention to the specials terminal where you can buy many items to increase your speed and maneuverability. So while there are a few problems like the graphics and the AI not being the brightest it is nowhere near enough to make this an un-enjoyable game. Seeing as it is made by only one person is pretty crazy, and the game is cheap being only 10 bucks at most, definitely recommend."
,Recommended,263360,8655370,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Samurai [NZ],"The review by Multihawk explains it perfectly.This game looks and plays and is alot more challenging and fun than many other $20+ titles, ALOT MORE!!One of the top 3 game surprises. Unlike anything else but has best qualities of many others.Bang for buck its a no brainer..."
,Recommended,263360,8704609,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Lilly Stromfall,"I bought this game on a whim, and I'm pretty glad I did!This game is strange to say the least, but interesting! It's very unique and fun. Reminds me of a old school arcade game but with crafting, building, Quests, and bosses. Worth it's price for sure. With the few hours I have into it I can say I don't regret spending money on this particularly quirky game. If you don't care much about graphics and want to play a interesting new game, I would suggest this. Obviously not a AAA 10/10 game, but still fun for the avid or casual gamer."
,Recommended,263360,8658345,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Kekmaster69,"This is an amazing game, probably one of the best I've played. You can sit down for hours and enjoy leveling and questing and getting new gear but there are quite a few bugs, I've noticed that little to no workbenches are ever spawning and after about 20 minutes the game will seize up and I will go from getting 120 FPS to 24 and it freezes periodically. If these issues were fixed this would be an amazing title.I played 3079 and really enjoyed it and I feel like 3089 is a massive improvement, I personally love the new textures as compared to 3079's voxel style textures. Amazing game that you can easily dump 10 hours into"
76561198059454099,Recommended,263360,8721944,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Abradolf Lincler,A great game and event though the graphics are pixels that maks it better and i haent seen another game where you can combind the parts and switch them i loved that feature. i would recomend this game so anyone who like fps action games
,Recommended,263360,8697405,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,[VA]Lain-Core,"This is actually quite fun. I've spent many enjoyable hours playing 3089 and 100% recommend it (even if it sounds like I don't!).Positives:The screen shots are far worse than the game graphics. I cranked it up to x16 AA and everything is crisp and clean on the edges. (Unlike the SS's) Quests keep you occupied. The ability to build stuff like a radar, skill buffer, and teleporter (more on the teleporter later). Your weight affects how well you can move. Hundreds of pounds over your max and you won't be sprinting but movement won't stop alltogether or even slow you down that much. BUT if you want to go fast with a hoverboard, the hoverboard will not move if you exceed it's weight limit.  Translocators shoot a sphere and warp to it's location grappling hooks shoot a line out and if it strikes an object you will be pulled up and gravity guns for moving stuff around like boxes all add to the game.It's fun building your weapon. Rifle has a stock.. barrel.. mag.. silencer.. scope. Stock determines number of shots. Single shot will be more accurate and powerful (per round typically) while increases in the number of rounds fired with each trigger pull (think shotgun) will decrease the damage of the individual rounds, as well as accuracy of the weapon. In addition there can be effects.. like a percentage of dmg translating into an explosion or rounds homing in on targets.Barrel determines base accuracy, range, damage and speed the round travels. Mag determines how often the weapon can fire, and how much ammo is consumed per shot. Silencer silences the weapon. You're less likely to be noticed. I haven't noticed a decrease in damage. As with any piece there can be additional stat buffs so less noise are more stats are always a good thing. The scope well.. duh.I play a sniper. I had a 220 range barrel but the accuracy and bullet speed were a bit low and swapped out for a 160 range with a 10% accuracy increase and almost double the speed. As you can see this single weapon had MANY options.The launcher's are just like they sound. Can be lob based, but also add additional effects like corosion (DoT) or Leech. Fire slower, fewer rounds before a reload and consume more ammo.Negatives:This is going to sound like I'm being picky.. and I am. These are things that just irritated me a bit.3 Types of guns. Period. Pistol, Rifle and Launcher. Each of those come in the normal ammo using version and the ""Energy"" version. I've never tried the pistols so won't be talking about them. The rifle vs launcher, i've tried them in both normal and energy versions. Energy seems to simply use your ""energy"" as a different kind of ammo. That will regenerate to 25% on it's own. You can recharge at a station or use items to boost it up to 100% (or higher if you equip an item with high energy, recharge, then remove it). Ex: I have over 1500% energy because I have a hoverboard that grants me ~360 energy. I've used items while on it to recharge it to 100% (while on the board). As soon as I get off the board I loose the 360 energy stat bonus but I keep the pool of energy. That said. I don't use energy weapons.Why not? I don't see a point. It seems to use a % of your energy per shot. So at 5 energy or 500 energy skill, each shot from that level 7 rifle will consume the percentage listed on the mag.While there are many ways to build a weapon, there are really only 3 ranged. I'm trying to build a bit of a shotgun rifle for close quarters but the most i've found so far is 3 rounds. Keeping it non explosive so i don't damamge myself. These numbers may increase later but it just feels like i'm hammered into a specific type of weapon due to lack of variance in the earlier part of the game.Followers: Don't plan on doing any damage if you want an army following you. They will run around you, in front of you, and everywhere. They'll die to the daily meteor showers and screw up quests. It's a great concept and thats how I started out, till i realized i couldn't do anything at all as a ranged character with an Army. If a stray round hits one of your followers they'll ALL turn against you instantly.Building a base: You can construct walls. Cool! But when I tried to set up a base inside the blue base, it was a bit disappointing. I had my gear like boxes, teleporter, radar all setup way in the back. I had created a maze on the 3rd floor with low walls for fall back points if I had to retreat further in. Every other time I go on a quest though I return to a bunch of bots already set up shop all throughout the maze just wandering around. Turrets and all. The enemy has always ignored my structures.. and are more of a bother than anything significant.Quests:I can't stand the ""don't be detected"" type quests. I try to avoid them but every now and then one slips in. The ""kill"" without being detected by target isn't bad since i'm a sniper, but ""no additional detection"" and the ""spy"" ones where you have to sit there and watch or avoid all detection can be brutal.The World:Now, the fact that the world is generated each time is good.. and terrible. After my first ""leadership"" attempt the 2nd world I got was surrounded on all sides by an ocean. A good 300m straight down. I kept getting quests in the water. While you can go into the water.. it makes it far more difficult (at least in early stages) to deal with enemies that can come from any direction.. up.. down.. sides.. everywhere inbetween. Also, not a lot of cover in the middle of the ocean. Ever try protecting a bot? It's not easy. Now do that with zero cover and any direction of approach in a 3 dimensional plane. To get back again (this was before I had unlocked teleporters.. which.. charge money) was a 10 min swim to the nearest ledge that had a ramp.What i'm saying is, once you start a game, look at your map. You may be in for a really difficult challenge starting out.Other:Surveryors: Don't kill them unless you have a plan for dying a lot. They die EASY. At around level 6 area I decided to try my hand at them. I killed a few dozen and got some great gear, including a level 90 hoverboard. But for every one you kill, 2 more are sent to kill YOU. And they go up 10 levels every time they do. By the time they were up to level 110 I was dying WAY too much. They lock on at a long range and 1 shot me. So how do you get all those ones to stop coming after you? Each time you die to one, it despawns. You have to let each one kill you so that it despawns. Remember if you kill it, 2 more will spawn. (I'm pretty sure about the 2 spawning to kill you, I was kinda busy killing and looting to count each one. In the end I had to suffer around 12 deaths to make them stop attacking).Held items. They have stats yes. But they do not apply unless you have them selected. If you have a rilfe and dagger equipped but have the rifle out, the dagger's stats will not apply until you swap from the rifle to dagger. So don't load yourself down with a bunch of stat based weapons. I go with my primary weapon which uses ammo, and a backup that uses energy (in case I ever run out of ammo.. which.. hasn't happened yet).Wishes:I wish there were doors, or something to prevent things from simply spawning wherever they want. I wish turrets you placed were not temporary. What's the point of gathering all the materals to defend your base if the enemy can simply spawn inside  and your turrets just go ""poof"" over time? I wish there were some other options for rifles to make them more like a shotgun or sniper instead of a middle of the road rifle. I wish grapplers, translocators and hoverboards held WAY more than each level currently allows. I'm always over what they can handle in the level range i'm questing. I've accepted that fact since i'm a sniper/tank type with high agility. I can run crazy fast, carry a bunch etc.. but i'm not going to be able to translocate across a gap, or grapple my way up a cliff.Edit: Spelling :P"
,Recommended,263360,8720709,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,robot squid くコ:彡,this game is a good video games
,Recommended,263360,8676706,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Delrue of Detroit,Feels like playing a 3D version of an old DOS 2D shooter. Awesome!
,Recommended,263360,8686736,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Cthulhu,"3089 is an fast paced FPS/RPG, with a Borderlands take on gunplay and item generation. The combat can be both fun and intimidatingly difficult if you overstep what your capable of and wander into too difficult of an area. All in all, a very fun game. Give it a shot!"
,Recommended,263360,8681772,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Glaice,"Simple, addicting and fun."
,Recommended,263360,8680621,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Rawsome83,Random awesomeness!
,Recommended,263360,8686969,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Cumshotting rainbows,"Very fun and enjoyable experience. I like the old school feel to it and it makes me happy just to enter this awesome universe. The game is very smooth and everything seems to be perfect. The missions are fun, the ennemies are hard and smart and the whole landscape is amazing. The RPG elements blends perfectly into this kind of enviroment. If you want something really cool for 10$ (6.99$ until january 16th 00:00) this is a very good choice."
,Recommended,263360,8670217,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,kyokodeathgod,"Strangely and incredibly addictive - even the demo is pretty crap at doing it justice.  First go and before I knew it 3 hours had passed.  Once you get used to the controls and work out how to use all the extra stuff like gravity guns, grappling hooks and hover boards it's great fun.  Haven't even started building yet...Edit: This game makes you feel like a total badass when you actually slaughter a whole bunch of enemies, let alone one of the big bosses."
,Recommended,263360,8672797,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Aideron,At first look i had no doubt that this was not a game i would play for long if any.....8 hours later ( Same day ) I realized this is one of the most greatest co-op games i'v played. Good work Dev.-John & Jack
,Recommended,263360,8672378,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Ribos,"This is the game I've been waiting to play, and I never even realized it until I started playing. Procedural generation... with constant renewal. Yeah, that's right, enemies keep respawning, as do boxes and missions and pretty much everything, which means there's always more stuff to do, even in the earlier portions of the game.You can craft weapons and gear. You can build the landscape (and not just in cubic meter blocks!). You can kill robots, run missions, fly ships. Do whatever. It's cool. Turning your character into a tank is as easy as going stealth assassin. My point is, if this game bores you, it's probably because of the way you're playing.Some have commented on the learning curve. Honestly, I'm not seeing it as that bad at all. Difficulty increases the further you leave the starting base, and every quest you complete gives you skill points. If ""out there"" seems too hard, just run some more lower-level quests until you're as strong as you need to be.It doesn't have the visual polish of games like Borderlands or Skyrim, but it's got a nice pre-N64 charm regardless. And besides, it's $10 for a game made by one guy. For everything you get here, complaining about the graphics is just kind of greedy."
,Recommended,263360,8708783,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Lou,"Robots. Robots, everywhere.And explosions."
,Recommended,263360,8714177,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,YesnoJ,"A great Game to Play when you are high, good work on this dev/s"
76561197965531535,Recommended,263360,8711010,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Avalanche,"Very interesting and unusual game, I´m really looking forward to more features and content!"
,Recommended,263360,8697337,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Wuffell,"So far I am very impressed by this game. At first glance, it seems like a basic FPS without flashy graphics, but as you learn more about the game, you realise how unique and clever it really is.I certainly recommend 3089!"
,Recommended,263360,8709231,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Ochre The Pine Marten,Yep
,Recommended,263360,8722279,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,CatHatGuy,This game is fantastic and addicting. I can't wait for my friends to get it so we can try out the co-op mode together!
76561198059551210,Recommended,263360,8723115,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Mr.Yohan,Great game. they could always add more and make it even better
,Recommended,263360,8720359,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Durth,This game is an extremely fun borderlands like game with awesome features and much more
76561198025884001,Recommended,263360,8705822,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,DREW,"After 6 hours of gameplay, I'm still finding new game features.  You can customize your character, your weapons, your strategy... your entire gaming experience.  That may sound cumbersome, but the customization is actually very fluid and intuitive.  The story is a bit weak in the beginning, but it's getting more interesting.  The story advances a little bit every time you track down and defeat a boss.  Boss battles aren't easy, so you need to train and level-up a bit beforehand.The quest system is pretty lame, though.  Quests are randomly generated; they have no story; they don't effect the larger game world in any meaningful way.  Quests just give you skill points to improve your character.  Some people will compare this game to Borderlands, which is fair up to a point.  However, Borderlands goes far beyond this game in terms of character customization, special abilities, cool features, etc.I bought this game for $7, and it was worth it."
,Recommended,263360,8759686,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,dood.,"Give this game a shot based on the gameplay it offers rather than the graphical presentation. Personally, I enjoy the simple graphics as it adds a somewhat nostalgic feel to the game's environment. Also, all graphical elements are moddable through the .jar file and the ease of modding the game is highly encouraged by the game's developer.Gameplay OverviewIt combines the addictiveness of Diablo/Borderlands' weapon and armor randomization with the procedurally generated terrain such as in Minecraft and achieves it very successfully. In addition, you can break and combine parts of armor and weapons.Yes, there are grappling hooks, gravity guns, and teleportation devices. As well as decoy guns, turrets, and other interesting devices.The limitless terrain is awesome and lets you take any path you wish for as long as you want. You can choose to just explore at your own will or take upon randomized quests with varying lengths and failure conditions. There are randomly generated battles between robots (NPCs), ""dungeons"", terrestrial anomalies, biomes, weather and it all flows really smoothly.You will find very quickly that enemies will shred you apart if you do not make good use of cover and later on, if you neglect defensive stats (stealth or armor/hp). The enemies provide the right amount of challenge while not being too ridiculously powerful or weak.Death penalty is currently losing one random item in your inventory, equipped or not. So don't yolo without keeping a storage of important items (requires a building tool, unlocked during the story quests).Make sure you find all the ""back-up"" nodes inside buildings and save at a location where you'll be spending alot of time at. You do not want to painstakingly go all the way back to where you were from the starting location.CustomizationYou might not see or think much any level of character customization until you open up your character stats then it hits you like a truck.There are plenty of ways to build your character in terms of gameplay style (of course you can mix and match all of these as you wish...or just master them all):recruiting masses of robotsguns (pistols, rifles, launchers) (Energy and ballistic)melee (sword and dagger)stealthpiloting aircraftpickpocketting (!)There are also improvable supplementary stats such as consumable efficiency, reprogramming chip equipment and the standard health, armor, energy.Weapons can come with a plethora of effects such as a corrosion effect (damage over time), homing, explosive radius, shot speed, shot distance, varying ammo consumpion, ammo per reload, stat boosts and more.Most of your additional stats will come from armor, as well as protection from radiation.Also, hoverboards. ReBoot ANYONE?StorySuper-short summary: You are a test subject robot dropped into a world to see if ""emotion"" is capable of overcoming regular robot odds.The story fits quite nicely with the theme of the game and serves as a great guiding tool for those less inclined to randomly stroll about the world with no direct feedback. You will need to advance a bit into the story to gain access to one of the more interesting features of this game: the building tool.Be careful about advancing through the story too quickly, you may find yourself in the middle of a big...surprise.MultiplayerCurrently the game supports two player co-op which I have yet to try. You may have to open port 3089 on your firewall and/or router. Games hosted will be announced on the dev's twitter if public is set to on."
,Recommended,263360,8697545,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Nocktowl,this is a very interesting game i would recomend it to anyone looking to waste time or have some fun with a friend
76561198035098247,Recommended,263360,8697773,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,dwinblood,"This game has some interesting sounds.   Some people complain about the graphics, but I think they are actually kind of fun.  It has a unique atmosphere.   It is being developed by a single person.   I would like to see more multiplayer.   Right now I think you can multiplay as a bigger robot, bit I look forward to running around in this with friends and family rather than just as Co-op.   Even so, it is pretty unique and interesting."
76561198025268139,Recommended,263360,8709002,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Kittredge,"Interesting gameplay, lots of fun to be had. Once you grasp the basics of combat and stats its easy to get the upperhand on enemies. If you can get over the simple graphics and the looping soundtrack, there is a fun game here. Hope that they improve the graphics interface for inventory and gun parts management, its confusing sometimes when all the parts look the same."
,Recommended,263360,8708863,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Proximity,"I was expecting a sci-fi minecraft but with more focus on quests and I wasn't too far off with that guess. Everything in the game is craftable, the combat is fun, and fast. The visuals while maybe not stunning in the classic sense are really rather fun and it creates a unique and interesting to world to explore. The skill system seems like a nice idea but so far I have only found a few skills that really seem to change gameplay. If you want an open ended sci-fi quest game with unique visuals, simple crafting and a great way of sucking away the hours, go for this!"
,Recommended,263360,8697266,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Chiriam,"This is a game that really surprised me. At first glance I didn't really think much of it, and to be fair it is not much to look at. However, the gameplay is actually quite entertaining. Some of the more pronounced strengths of the game to me, in no particualr order, is:1: The randomly generated world. It creates diversity, and the terrain generator is quite capable of creating interesting terrain.2: The loot comes in parts than can be picked apart and reassembled at workstations, making you at least somewhat interested in what you pick up. It could use a little bit more weapon type variety though, especially in the melee department.3: The Time Rip ability. When you wander the world, there are little clocks to collect that spawn all over the place. It fills up a meter you can use to stop time for at max 15 seconds. I don't think I have to say how useful this is if something goes wrong.4: As you advance in the main quest, more enemy variety is introduced, which helps keep up the interest. And you do indeed notice the difference...5: Unlimited skillpoints. The quests from quest stations are randomly generated and provide skillpoints, so you are allowed to waste points in stats that don't promote your ability to fight.6: And lastly, the special weapons category. Hoverboards, grappling hooks, blink tech, decoys. ect. It really makes it more fun to move about, which is a huge plus! Especially when a meteor shower starts and you have to rush to a place with a roof. Tip: If one player has a hoverboard, the other player can request to be a gunner, combining the two players so that both can make use of the hoverboard. It's hilarious.All in all, I was really surpised I liked it as much as I did, and even the graphics have really grown on me. I am looking forward to what other things this game has in store for me. Fingers crossed for more weapon variety and some more special items!"
,Recommended,263360,8665319,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Zetanoid,I mean the game randomly generates new Weapons and a new world it's such a good idea!
76561197972381537,Recommended,263360,8693970,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,firemane (Lex),"There is a lot of good gameplay in this game. Nevermind the retro graphics, they complement the gameplay well. Even if you don't like them much you'll get used to them pretty fast and you'll be having so much fun they won't matter anyway.Pros: Tons of furious actions, character growth, easy and interesting crafting, bunched of short quests that fit every playstyle. Pick your own pace and do what you please, no need to hurry. Fair and easy to recover death penalty, but you won't die much if you gear up, skill up before moving into a more difficult area.Buy it, buy it, buy it!!!!"
,Recommended,263360,8666436,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,IndieRogue,"3089 ist ein wirklich guter FirstPersonShooter mit Skill und Quest System.Alle Quests, Terrain, Waffen, Gegner und Items sind zufällig generiert.Spielspaß pur!Es KANN (meiner Meinung nach) gar nicht langweilig werden,da jede Begegnung mit IRGENDWAS ganz anders und nie die selbe ist.Die Modele, Texturen, generell alles grafische erinnert mich stark an ältere Spiele.Nostalgie Feeling besteht definitiv!Eine Story gibt es auch, aber das entdecken überlass ich euch. ;)Kaufempfehlung! ;)"
,Recommended,263360,8663811,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,A Streetcar Named Desire,"I've had this game for one night and I must say, I am amazed. Kudos to the dev.When you play this game, you are entering a world of simple, yet easy on the eyes, graphics. This game is highly affordable and easy to run. I have almost 100 games and none are quite like this.The controls are simple, there is a tutorial, and it throws you into combat right away. With a custom item set, no 2 weapons are the same (unless you make them the same with crafting). There are boss fights, ariel dogfights, largescale gun fights, all kinds of action. The difficulty increases the farther you get from the center, so you can progress at your own pace. On top of that, there are swords and daggers and they have a lunge ability to balance out the firefights.I strongly recommend this game for a very unique and fun expirience."
,Recommended,263360,8664760,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,NekoNinjaWarrior,A really cool game this review will be updated when i have time but im going to say brief opinions!Already playing 11 hours in the first week it is just awesome!The awesomeCombine weapon parts to make the ultimate weapon.Fly ships!Quests and story line!Build your own base!Adventure in a world thats randomly generated with as far as i know infinate world size.Also you get skills to make your self stronger with no limit cap or anything (as far as i know) my skills are at 300 so far and thats alot!The not so goodHealth you start with after respawn is too low in my opinion.Ghosts are too powerful for level 1 areas Aka Xax spirtsMeteorites are very frequent and lightning stikes have a pretty high chance to hit you taking around 500 health points.Overall its a great game and a must buy! If i was a reviewer i would give this a 8/10 to a 9/10But people say the graphics are off putting in my opinion graphics dont matter its The GAMEPLAY and STORY.
,Recommended,263360,8662387,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Danith,"I think it is fun and neat, but then again I'm a sucker for procedurally generated stuff"
,Recommended,263360,8700802,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Hydrex,"Really fun, a lot of cool things to do and neat weapons to use. As well as cool tools. Building is nice as well."
76561198047632820,Recommended,263360,8661155,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,ruby_tuesdays,"It's a weird game, takes a bit of getting used to, but it's fun as hell. Fully re-bindable keys are a plus, and some good customization on weapons and armor. It reminds me a bit of Borderlands, which is a plus in my books :)"
,Recommended,263360,8655218,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Hoot.avi,"I only played the demo for 3079 (the prequel) and I must say, 3089 is stellar. It's addicting, fun, attractive, and the replay value is through the roof. The game itself looks pretty beautiful. I went into the game thinking it was randomly generated every time you play, which, is not the case. But this didn't take away from the fun at all, in my opinion. The story is lackluster, but this is one of those games where story doesn't really matter to have a great time. 8/10 is my final verdict.Edit: I have just found out that if you change your name, the game world generates differently. Final verdict: 8.5/10.Edit 2: I just beat the game, 10 hours in. Despite the fact that 10 hours is a pretty decent playtime, this games story is UNBELIEVABLY short. I kind of felt cheated, actually. Almost all of the 10 hours was me durping around and level grinding. The story however...maybe 3-4 hours? Hard to say since I wasn't really keeping track of the missions. Still recommended though."
76561197971877162,Recommended,263360,8655053,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Asses of Fire,"Has an initial learning curve with the combat difficulty being quite high. You will die alot if this is your first time playing 3089.  People will complain about the graphics but hey, its voxel...what are you expecting.  I found the game enjoyable if quite difficult. Melee is definately more fun than shooting as you can lock on your enemy and do a charing attack.  Gameplay comes down to completing quests to earn skill points and then later assigning those sp's to skills.  For 8 bucks you cant go wrong with a game that will play on any pc just fine and give hours of enjoyment. The developer is just one guy with some help from artists and such for publicity.  The music is very immersive for a futuristic setting with the female singer adding a lovely melody to the exploration track."
76561197983601366,Recommended,263360,15632290,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,William Shakeshack,"What is this otherworldly, obscure and weird game about? What's up with that title anyway?This is something I asked myself at first when I took a glance at the storepage of 3089. At first I was pretty pessimistic but then it piqued my interest because the premise just seemed extremely compelling to me. But that is coming from a person who genuinely enjoys elusive and perhaps unconventional games.In 3089 you play the role as an android trapped on a planet which finds itself in a eternal war between two robot faction. You automatically ally with one of them and start doing quests for them. This game has an absolutely boring standard rpg formula to it. You fulfill generic and randomly generated quests in a procedurally generated world. Your character gains experience and loot over the course of the game which allows him to become stronger. What really sets this game apart for me is the visual aesthetics and audio, it has a very mysterious feeling to it. Furthermore you can find a lot of unique weapons and have to craft them. This game has a crafting system and also some special abilities for your character. The player can also control space crafts and delve into the eternal warfare while during quests.It's a pretty open sandbox game where you basically just fulfill quests on a random map where the AI dukes it out. The shooting is a bit unusual and needs some improvement but it's solid enough. There is not much variety in the gameplay itself but still it's nice to play the game from time to time and see what it has in store for you.I cannot fully recommend it but only for those who just like those oddball gems in the steam store. It's really interesting and quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,263360,8657635,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,BigTaylor,Works well :)))))))))))))))
,Not Recommended,263360,8667056,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Sunny D,"I'm not going to bash the game in general, there's a lot there to enjoy. Going into the game, however, It is very slow paced. There's a lot of great slower paced games out there, but if you are the fast paced, insane action kind of guy who gets his fix being able to blast gigantic waves of enemies into beautiful smithereens, this may not be the game for you. If you can enjoy slowly working towards your goals, go for this. The best way to put things in perspective would be to say that I had an extremely hard time playing Fallout 3 as well, so if you liked Fallout 3 (which I also found slow) or games with a similar feel, this game definitely has the potential to be a lot of fun."
76561198044002723,Recommended,263360,8824695,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,BigGayInTheBuilding,SWEEEEET game. highly recommend.  best indie game played to date.  Minecraft mixed with borderlands with it's own unique flare.
76561198062242874,Recommended,263360,8894663,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Metroid,"Well.. where to begin... How about I start with saying that this game is really worth the small price.The game has great music, even though it's subtle the overworld music really immerses you into the game and kind of gives that Deus Ex vibe where you'd have one song going up until you come across an enemy where battle music would pick up,Speaking of enemies the AI is somewhat brutal with the player and is quite attentive so try to avoid going into direct confrontation when not in Quests. Quests run quite smoothly as well with it being a simple press of E at a Quest station to read what quests are available.The game's graphics really don't hinder the whole feel of the game, at first glance you may say it looks bad, but when actually playing it grows on you as a cartoonish kind of style which makes weapons look nice and not always the dull weaponry you'd come across in other games."
76561198029886864,Recommended,263360,8752384,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Zomb,"Rather nice game, if you can handle the graphics. Gameplay is rather limited, but it probably can be changed upon in the next few updates. Looking forward to the next installment and what that would bring to the table."
,Recommended,263360,9036642,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,-(DunRingill)-,"I found this to be a fun Sandbox game that you can go through at your own pace. Challange yourself as much or as little as you want. Quest, Explore, Follow the Story Line - it's up to you.Build skill points and equip yourself any way you want. Find weapon / armor / computer components and build them the way you want. Reprogram computer chip / board components.  Experiment with different playstyles as well. Change your mind and rebuild a different playstyle direction.Follow the story or ignore it completely if you prefer. Finish the story and keep playing if you wish. Eventually become ""uber"" in all playstyle builds then go to an area that is too ""uber"" for you.PRO's:Flexible game. Choose your playstyle(s) - play em all if you wish. Choose your quests based on your build / equipment strengths and weaknesses. Choose your level of challange by exploring harder or easier locations.CON's:Quest grinding can feel a little redundant after you have explored all the quest task ""playstyles"". You can always up the challenge level but what you are doing is still the same thing. NOTE: the developer has stated he plans to add more questing options."
,Recommended,263360,8730158,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Ero Patissier,"This game feels like its weapon customization feature: it took the things I most loved on a videogame (procedurally-generated open world; weapon and item customization; base-building; vehicles) and put them together, making something that may not look very pretty, but it doesn't need to, as it already serves it's purpose very well.After beating it's campaign, I must confess I expected it to be something that would make me explore (even) more the infinite world, but who needs more story when you can make your own? Even better: Why can't I make a story with a friend? What stops us from making an hoverboard race shooting some blue bots along the way? What stops us from scaling a mountain with a grappling hook? What stops us from racing to the top of the mountain, implusing ourselves up with grappling hooks (so awesome on singleplayer)? (Unfortunately its online component didn't work for me, so I was only able to do this on SP :P), but on all cases, I assure you as what you can call, someone who plays LOTS of videogames, that this is a very good game that should not be overlooked because of its graphical presentation."
,Recommended,263360,8662498,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,GIEHK,Buy it or you will die!!!!!!
76561197990994295,Not Recommended,263360,11890109,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Lhetre,"- The RPG side is limited to acquiring random weapons of higher stats. Your character earns three points each level, however this is ridiculous compared to the dozen of points a gadget adds to your stats.- Weapons are composed of three elements, but same level elements have the same stats given or taken some points.- Combat is a drag. NPC movements are random and quick and bullets travel slowly, to compensate the impossibility to aim properly, you can slow down time. However flying NPC are always too far and move before the bullet reaches them.- Explosions hid enemy NPCs during combat, obviously enemy NPC can see and shoot you through the smoke.- Gathering followers to fight enemy NPCs is fun the first time. You lose all your followers loading a savegame.- Landscape is formed by flat surfaces connected at 30°, 45°, or 90°. You can climb any surface but the vertical ones. Landscape is terrible.- Weapons, armor, ammunition, energy, life, repair, they all have their own station. These stations are scattered all over the place. You'll spend half your time looking and running from a station to the other.- Ghosts appear and disappear, move on a zigzag pattern and a general nuisance.- Swawa3D improved the textures, and the UI now looks like something useful.- The story is forgettable.- Though missions are generated randomly, they become fairly repetitive quickly.The developer put many good ideas into this game to make it more interesting, I had fun while discovering how the game works, this game would have been a classic 20 years ago. However the simplistic game mechanics, the bare environment, the lack of a decent AI and the shallowness of the plot prevent me to play this game again."
76561198071245393,Recommended,263360,12548508,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Baron O' Beards,"One of the best randomly generated games I've ever played. I had lowered my expectations to be honest and they would've been blown out of the water regardless. The gunplay is a bit tricky to get a grip on, but very fun. Has companions, quests, weapon/armor crafting, and piloting! got it 3 days ago, already clocked in 12 hours!"
76561198079498047,Recommended,263360,11440470,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,bJAKEd,"This game isnt good for its amazing graphics or for the ememies that dont miss. Its a good game becasue it has a lot of great features. For one, you can design your weapons how you want them and also design a base to call home. When progressing through the story, new ememies are unlocked and become a common fight in your world that is unique to YOU. I definatly recommend this game expecially to those that dont have max settings and quad cores ect...The main downside is that multiplayer doenst seem to work... my brother and I tried about 30 times to try to get it to work but we had no luck. So if you want a game with a decent single player than this is the game for you."
,Recommended,263360,8835968,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,AppleShrapnel,"It's far better than it looks.And in lieu of writing a detailed explanation as to why, since I don't really have the patience to write it, and you- let's face it- probably don't have the patience to read it, I will simply say this:Watch a Let's Play on youtube then decide. :P"
76561198087264376,Recommended,263360,8653227,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,ScoobyJew #FREE EL CHAPO,"This is probably the best indie game i have ever purchased and i definetily do not regret buying and dont understand why anyone would cause this game is sooo fun, it reminds me a bit of borderlands and graphicaly it reminds me of minecraft.  Its also a really great sequel to 3079 because it improved upon it in every way possible. The only thing which might make you think twice about getting this game is the graphics but personally i love the art style and have nothing against it."
,Recommended,263360,9096393,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Nano,"pretty fun, difficult though"
,Recommended,263360,9163470,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Meeseeks,Nice game!
76561198030619991,Recommended,263360,8930147,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,REMEMBERCLOWN_81,yes yes buy buy good good do do
,Recommended,263360,8944939,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,smanning91,"Very unique, super addicting"
,Recommended,263360,9039521,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,ImmortalChamp,This game is awesome must buy @ 10 bucks!!!!
,Recommended,263360,21015773,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TheArcaneMirror | Winter,"This game is one of the best examples that gameplay is more important than triple A graphics. While it may look odd and somewhat repulsive at first glance, you may grow attached to this weirdly colorful and trippy alien world. The look also gives nostalgia graphics fans a great vibe, the music is lovely, too.The special thing about this game and the new 5089 - its sequel - is, that huge parts of the game are randomly generated. It is an open world with tons of freedom in how to play, what to do, lots of possibilities and things to discover. The game mechanics are very well made and fun, I especially love the movement. It is agile, fluid, and things like the hoverboard or grappling hook make navigating the creative worlds a lot of fun!Lots of love and detail have been put into these games, and they are well supported.I definitely recommend them and consider myself a fan of phr00t's awesomely weird games.My favourites are 3089 and 5089 (which belong together, as 5089 continues the game's story).4089 was pretty cool, too, but without the open world aspect it didn't really get me for long.The oldest title on Steam, 3079 convinced me the least, but I may check it out again, now that I know what these games are about.If you want to get a feeling for phr00t's products, one of his older titles - Gentrieve 2 - is available for free:https://indiegamestand.com/free-games/211/gentrieve-2/"
76561198038689052,Recommended,263360,8655636,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Professor Hugedix,Cool beans
,Recommended,263360,8801633,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Pancake,Err...fun I guess sorta scary.
76561198039157653,Recommended,263360,9048917,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Trashcan-Shaped Recycling Bin,"If you like RPGs (such as Fallout 3 or New Vegas, also possibly The Elder Scrolls and Borderlands), buy this game. The graphics are a little on the ""meh"" side, but the gameplay and soundtrack are both phenominal. The story is interesting, revolving around an experimental algorithm that gives robots emotions and a never-ending war on the planet XaX. Combine that with a randomly generated world that never ends, a variety of side quests, a large amount of enemies to fight, a good crafting system, and LAZORLEGS, you have a fantastic game that shouldn't be missed by any fan of the genre.Like another review said, bonus points for friendly developer. Every update to this game has brought good changes so far, and I still recommend it to any RPG fan. Do NOT let the aforementioned ""meh""-ish graphics (though they have received some improvement) deter you from buying this game.9.5/10 from me, and I only took 0.5 off because I personally find XaX Spirits (enemy from the game) a bit annoying to fight at times."
76561197962973671,Recommended,263360,9045546,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Past0ri,"First appearance of this game reminded me of a Minecraft/Borderlands hybrid. Its an odd sort of action/adventure game with unique graphics and atmosphere. You wander as a robot in a planet that seems to have 2 robot factions, fighting for dominance. Grab some gear, shoot some enemies, storm their fortresses, and craft some better gear!"
76561198054670377,Recommended,263360,9032393,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,DesTroll,"Oh hell yeah!Don't let the dated graphics fool you, 3089 is an awesome game.It may seem shallow on the surface, but if you give it a little bit of your time to test it out, the next thing you know several hours will have passed.So run around for a bit, blow some stuff up, and get some of the crazy loot.Just be careful out there on Xax.The enemies might border on being stupid, but their aim is deadly as hell.Charge up your energy rifle and watch those little blue robots melt.Sword dash ***through the air*** and pummel flying gunships up close and personal.Take a mad dash across the country-side on a speedy little HOVERBOARD! (I've wanted one of those since the first time I saw Back to the Future 2!!!)Grappling hooks, grenade launchers, pistols, daggers, your own pet robots that follow you around, sniper rifles, armor, pilotable aircraft...This game has a ton of things to see and do to keep you entertained for hours.And nearly every last iota of it is procedurally generated.As far as I can tell the starting area's building layout is always the same, but everything inside of it, just like the rest of the world, is randomly generated as you go along.The world never ends, but the further you travel from the start point, the more difficult the enemies become.Quests will reward you with the currency used in the game, and while it's easy enough to save up those credits, you can burn through them real fast.Quests willl also give you the skill points you'll need to allocate to all your different stats.That is a big bonus.When you first land on Xax, the quests will offer you 3 to 5 points each for you stats, but the further out you go, the more dangerous the enemies and quests become, and the greater those stat point rewards get.Move out far enough, and eventually all those little guys that scared you silly at the start will seem as insignificant as gnats, making it a very safe place to head back to and relax for a bit.Weapons can be bought (or looted from the corpses of your enemies) preconstructed or in parts and each part has a range of stats and attributes that effect the weapon itself and/or buff your character.Those parts can be mixed and matched at any workbench to make your own ultimate weapons.On top of all that, if you find the parts and have enough resources you can even start constructing your own buildings, fortresses, and defenses.Want to build your own castle? Why not, go for it.How about constructing a bunch of turrets to make a defensive perimeter while you're at it too.Seriously, just stop reading this now.If you can afford it, buy the game, try it out.Unless you have a very strong disdain for stat and loot grinding or dated graphics, you'll probably have more fun with it than you expect."
76561198079621859,Recommended,263360,9025945,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,CloudFyre,While it may not seem extremly in depth at first 3089 quickly develops into a very interesting game. In 3089 you can go on quests to level up in a rpg manner or later when you unlock special hatches you gain the ability to build things.
,Recommended,263360,9138990,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Whiep,"The game Shows a lot of potential! It is already insanely fun to play but I find it a bit hard. It needs  difficulty modes, the ability to set it between a super easy mode to an expert mode would make this game for me! I also wouldn't mind a creative mode were you have unlimited money so you can just do fun and wierd things without much stress! My one gripe however Is how the devloper released what could have been simple updates as entire ""new"" games, I would have liked to see those as either free updates or slightly cheaper DLC content for those who already purchased this version."
76561198094651954,Recommended,263360,9096340,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Lordkenyon,"I will list what I believe are the pros and cons of this game.Pros-stats for rpg fanatics like myself-a wide variety of weapon possibilities due to random weapon stats and interchangeable parts-well balanced weapon archetypes-a lot of gameplay due to randomly generated quests (they appear to be infinite, but I'm not quite sure)-the ability to build your own ""base""-possibly unlimited world-co-op multi-playerCons-poorly implemented steam compatibility-poorly implemented multiplayer (requires port-forwarding, which really limits acssessability)-bad graphics (not sure if its a Con, it adds a bit of charm to the game)-base building could use some improvements-can't timerip bosses (the only percievable use for timeripping other than abnormaly large hordes of enemies)-you can really screw yourself over in your first world if you're not carefulOverall I think the game is a good buy, and hopefully the problems that hamper it currently will be removed."
,Recommended,263360,23062529,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Lavernius Tucker,"I've been a huge fan of this series for a long time and I decided it was time to review this entry. Not some kind of silly review (but of course there will be humor), but a full in depth look.So this game is set 10 years after the last game, 3079, but it has little to no connection with the plot of it. You're on the planet Xax and someone named the Overlord is controlling a bunch of robots all across the gigantic planet. You play as one of these robots but you're rather unique in that your model is vastly different and you're actually sentient. Go figure.A ship will drop you down to the planet in a secure area for the Red robots. The robots are divided into Red and Blue. You're on Red, so, as per usual, you have to kill Blue. The spawning area is only level 1, but as you keep exploring the difficulty will increase. Some levels might seem low but they can actually be quite difficult if you're undergeared, so be prepared. You can always head in for a brief loot trip, though.Quests are somewhat similar to 3079, but they consist of multiple objectives. You might have to disarm a bomb to get a cube or disk, or kill a robot squad, or, a little bit later into the game, vanquish a ghost from an area. You'll get credits for each objective you complete, and at the end of it, you get those delicious skill points.There's a bunch of skills, from stamina and armor, to guns and melee, to consumables and prestige. Stamina increases health, armor increases resistance, guns and melee are somewhat self explanatory, etc. You can do quests, convert areas from Blue to Red, clear out a tower (which takes a lot of time!), and kill ""X"" challenges, which are the game's form of bosses.The X challenges are located deep in high-level areas and are sometimes a higher level than the normal enemies in that area. As you kill more X challenges, different enemy types are thrown out into the wild, from rollertanks to UFOs. X challenges will usually drop a high level item or part, so if you get something like a hoverboard or grappling hook, you may have hit the jackpot.Guns are much different than 3079, instead having two main categories and three subcategories. You can get either an ammo or energy gun, and it'll be a pistol, rifle, or launcher. All guns come in three main parts that you must have to use the gun, but ammo pistols and rifles can get scopes and silencers. Gun barrels are going to have the most value of the three parts, and determine the damage, projectile speed, range, and accuracy. Magazines will determine the amount of times you can fire the gun before it needs to put ammo back in. Ammo guns draw ammo from ammo producers that you can buy from weapons stations, and don't reload. Energy guns will use your energy supply, so keep some energy consumables handy if you're mainly using an energy weapon. Gun bodies determine the shot count, any accuracy debuffs, the projectile's homing capabilities, if the rounds explode or not, and the explosion radius of the rounds.For melee, you have swords and daggers. Both can lunge with alt-fire, and have two parts; handle and blade.The handle might give you something like stun chance or corrosion, the game's form of damage over time. Swords have less of a chance for special effects but more damage, and vice versa for daggers. Daggers have lower damage but higher swing speed, swords having more power but a slower attack rate.Armor is about the same as 3079, but with something new called chips. Chips are things you can integrate into your system that boost various stats. You can reprogram chips at chip stations, rerolling their stat bonuses. They're a big help for tuning your playstyle, from a gunner with great piloting skills, to a sneaky melee fighter that has a bunch of followers.Ships are similar to 3079, but there aren't any capital ships to fight. You can get either a ship without a gun (good for getting from point A to point B quickly without any interruptions to attend to), or an armed craft. The unarmed ships require less pilot skill, but if you want to have a little firepower in the sky, you'll need a good pilot skill.There are three endings, two of which I've found. The third one has eluded me for some time. No, I won't spoil them. Figure it out yourself.Overall, it's a marvelous game for a great price. And with 5089 improving on this entry, you really can't go wrong.If you don't get it, that's okay. There's better games, but this one is still pretty good!"
76561198091838793,Recommended,263360,9130406,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,dupont.117,WHY ARE WE NOT FUNDING THIS?
,Recommended,263360,15098077,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Uurbain,"I fell in love with this game within the first few minutes!Your experience is so open ended and unique, there's always something you can do, and the quests are fun (and pretty funny when you start to think about it).My favorite part about it is the customization of the items, it's super engaging. Every component to a weapon or armor has it's own stats so when you find a new piece you can create a better item, which I prefer over the mechanic to ""unlocking"" better equipment with either achievements or money.The environment is incredible, I just love that classic retroness to it. I also like that it's an active environment, changing from day to night, raining, foggy, and meteor showers! These environments can also help you to completing your quests, a very neat detail I appreciate.If you are a SciFi lover, RPG enthusiast, or retro nerd, no question this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,263360,13254358,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Squidroot,I really tried to like this game but I couldn't. It's too grindy. The leveling is boring. The quests are boring. The procedural generated is done in such a way that everything feel the same. Not a good looking game at all either.
,Recommended,263360,8936962,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Karsing,"Amicabley described as a ""PC game from the early 90's"" in its graphical-style and spirit. In general, your only goal is to get stronger by means of earning skill points. Skill points are earned through questions, dungeons and bosses while getting/customizing equipment to improve your efficiency in combat. That being said, this game isn't recommend if this doesn't sound interesting since the game can be easily described as a ""grind"" for these reasons. While there is multiplayer, it is limited to 2 player co-op with no plans for more. Although having 1 other player is fun in getting to know people, I would have enjoyed the chaos of a larger number of players and factions duking it out.Outside of these standard activities, it is possible for players to have a minecraft-like experience in building structures. However, the speed at which building can occur is a bit limited due to the complexity of building a ""rectangle"" at a time at any angle. Overall there's a simple joy in completing quests, distributing skill points and obtaining progressively stronger equipment in a colorful and angled world."
76561198080698498,Not Recommended,263360,12334955,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,StarxStone,"This is 3079's sequel. However, ten years later after the demons, and a huge war... actually I don't even think its on the same planet let alone has anything to do with the first title, in fact combat, upgrades, and even building are far harder to do then the first game... Now I have to apploud the company for trying a new direction but I feel like they took a swing way to far to the left in this title. You play as a really hard to control robot that is fighting a rebel robot army... that isnt really explained why your fighting, what the difference is between the robots, and why the crap robots are fighting? Seriously? You'd think robots would tule out war and work together to create a more advanced civilization which is a way more logical scale of thinking then ""your blue Im red lets shoot each other..."" In lighter news I think the newer game 4089 is coming out but... I dont know if Id risk another huge curve ball."
76561198021090015,Not Recommended,263360,12331766,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,XmanVon,"If you are into wasting 10 dollars on getting kicked in the balls by a donkey this is the perfect game for you. The game makes you feel lost and gives you no clear indicators on what to do or where to go. The graphics are bad in a 'good way'. It is intentoinally blocky and blank in many areas,but sometimes when you are floating around in the ugly 'vast' wasteland that is this game, you start to notice that no time or effort was put into the game and phr00t has just pulled the best chris angel trick on you yet by making 10 dollars totally disapear along with the hour you spent looking for where the ♥♥♥♥ to go."
,Not Recommended,263360,12535263,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,McFlurry Butts,Has literally no depth besides tanking ais and doing boring quest over and over again.
76561198049486782,Recommended,263360,8775776,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,[MOOP]Wiggley02,"great game highly recommend, if you have an intel graphics card try the demo, because it might not work"
,Recommended,263360,33496455,Posted: 12 July,all,James04221995,"This game is.....interesting.This review is going to be quite detailed. TL;DR: it's pretty interesting in it's style, if you like open-world games, this REALLY deserves a look, especially if it's on sale for only a couple bucks.Gee, where do I begin with this game? I suppose the art style.When I first saw this game, I had literally no clue what I was looking at. This game's art style is VERY interesting, and everything from the surreal music to the distorted, robotic voices definitely add to the strange, mesmerizing environment. It's definitely in a good way though, and I think that the art style does nothing but add to the whole thing.But of course, you aren't gonna buy this game just to look at it. What about the gameplay?Well, the action is definitely what it should be. It's about what you'd expect from a good FPS game, and it actually can feel quite exciting at times. It's nothing amazing, but it gets the job done.There are 2 basic types of weapons: melee and ranged. Of the melee weapons, you have swords and daggers (not too much different between the two), and on the ranged side of things, you have rifles and pistols (again, not much difference). There are really very few differences between the types of weapons, and the biggest difference is that ranged weapons can either be 'energy' weapons, or normal ones. Energy weapons use up energy to fire, whilst normal ones require ammo.However, the big thing that saves the weapon diversity is the myriad of different abilities each gun can have. See, each individual part of your gun has a number of things it contributes to the gun. Some of them are: Range, damage, explosiveness, how many shots are fired, how much ammo it consumes, burst (how much ammo per 'clip'), accuracy, or bullet speed. You can also change out individual parts to your gun, allowing you to customize it to your heart's content.If there's anything the game gets very right about itself, it's that aspect of it. The customization is FANTASTIC, and I know of no other RPG that allows you to do it to that extent. If the game has one great selling point, it is that.The quest system is also quite nicely done. The quests are all randomly generated, and each one rewards you with a differing amount and skill points and money (which makes you just cherry pick the ones that give you the most of both unfortunately). If there's one complaint I have about it, it's that a couple of the task types can be kind of...tedious (retrieving objects from places, or escorting people around).What about the story? Well, it's classic red vs blue (no, really, it's red robots vs blue ones). You start out in a friendly red base, and are supposed to be an experimental new battle robot going in for testing. I won't give away the story, but it's fairly intruiging, and you'll be wondering a few things throughout the game. All the endings, however, are rather...unsatisfying.You die.Overall, this game is rather nice, especially for a game made by 1 person. To be honest though it feels incomplete. It doesn't seem like it has all the content it needs. This game has a successor, 5089, which is VERY, very similar, and so might have more fleshed out ideas, but this one feels incomplete. Still, the feel of this game is very satisfying, as well as quite relaxing. Going out into the no-man's land, with all the robots from both sides fighting it out to the death, and all the hypnotizing landscape is an experience no other game can recreate.Should you get this game? If you like open world games, then absolutely. Keep in mind, though, that it's retailing at the price it is for a reason..."
76561198018453980,Recommended,263360,16047116,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Osiris,"Additional info,If you use guns:You NEED a decent amount of FPS skill unless you use RipTime all the time.If you cannot lead targets and compensate for the way the guns shoot you will miss all the time.Don't let the simple graphics fool you, you need to be able to shoot well in 3089.( or collect and use RipTime always)3089 is open ended, no skill caps, procedural terrain and enemy generation which means the farther you go from the starting point the tougher it gets and the terrain is endless so you can keep goinguntil your computer breaks. :)This is currently on sale for $5.00, I got $5.00 worth of entertainment before I left the starter area.I would recommend this if you like:Shooting at thingsMaking armor and weaponsBuildingThe random questing system is simple but fairly rewarding once you learn how it behaves.At this price 3089 is a bargain for a fun little mess around game.Would not have regrets if I bought at full price.Recommended"
76561198081940363,Recommended,263360,16811109,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Reepus Vangaurd [LFG],"this game is truely amazing. if you found this game by now you have to get it, dont listen to any bad reveiws! This game is not very storybound and thats what makes it fun. At first i had no idea what this game was, with the old- like design, but when i started playing i was mind blown- there were so many concepts and ideas put into this arcade looking game that i was overwhelmed. If you see this review, just buy it, i give this game a full 10/10 for all its interesting ideas like the gun where it shoots out the ball and then you teleport to the ball.I may sound like a child with some run on sentences but this game is revolutionary! Please play this game!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,263360,19838574,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Artophwar,"Really Fun game. You can be almost anything you want. Stealthy dagger ninja, rambo gunner, tank swordsman, be a leader of a follower robots, a vehicle pilot, and more. It has the loot hunt of trying to find the best rare items/item parts.Totally worth a try if you like borderlands, or diablo."
,Recommended,263360,9329878,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,ばかおっぱい,"This is not your ordinary RPG. This game has it all, from guns armor and abilities, to a unique easy(ish) to use building thing. You can costomize what parts of what go into what you use, so you never have a disadvantage when it comes to reliability of weapons and armor. On top of that, you can get other robots to follow you, kill any enemies in the way, and get slaughtered once they run out of health :'( . There are plenty of quests to do, so you'll never run out of things to do. You can choose your playstyle; wether it be completely relying on other team mates to do the work for you then  coming in and stealing the kill, or going out there alone then realising the mistake you made. I have yet to try the multiplayer, but im sure it will be heaps of fun, being able to do everything i said above: With a teammate. Co-op is always great fun in games, wouldn't you agree? This game is well worth the money, and i suggest you buy it!"
,Not Recommended,263360,12589549,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,aneroc,the only thing futuristic about this game is how fast you uninstall it
,Recommended,263360,14234759,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,flador,"Overall this game is a ton of bang for your buck if you value gameplay and exploration over story. The game has a ton of diiferent progression elements, and I'm always finding new secrets. The quests get a little repetitive, but there is a lot of other content that outweighs the few odd minutes you spend grinding skills. One of the most fun aspects of this game is how little it actually tells you that you can do, and the amount of things that will actually ""evolve"" the world once you try them out, adding new enemies or challenges."
76561198046862372,Recommended,263360,9036027,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,TheHighblood,Fun once you learn the mechanics and how to play well
,Recommended,263360,24122552,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Al,"I guess this is the sequel to 3079. 3089 follows many of the same design choices as its predecessor, with a few exceptions.For one, there's simply more. There are more skills, more item and weapon types, and more things to do. Weapons are handled differently, in a way that allows the player to custom-build and improve weapons without throwing them away entirely. Most sky fortresses are gone, so antigrav packs are a thing of the past, but they have been replaced by several other transportation tools, and since energy is not required to use them, the player has a great freedom of movement. Even dying and losing these items is not terribly inconvenient, as the backup stations allow the player a choice as to where to respawn, be it close to item stores or whatever.However, the game is fairly short. I killed far more time just messing around with sidequests and exploring than I did with the main quest. While it's jolly good fun to spend hours on base takeovers and tower assaults and all that jazz, I would have preferred a main story that justifies the sheer quantity of activity available... but it is nice to be pointed in the right direction instead of mindlessly wandering.It's also very difficult. While weapon accuracy is a bit more forgiving, the bad guys are just as annoying. The previous game had onslaughts of tough enemies who always attack in groups and always hit, even while moving. This has not changed here. In fact, it's gotten worse, as the enemy ships are smarter and the overpowered enemies (anything using a beam attack) show up whenever it's most inconvenient for the player, usually during quests.The quests are also kind of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Each sidequest is broken down into tasks, and each task may have a certain condition applied to it; For example, until the disk gets delivered, do not kill anyone. Sometimes, the conditions make no sense. If I get into a fight with a big group of enemies, where trying to run instead of fighting means certain death, and one of the enemies activates a task that does not allow me to kill, lest I fail the quest, then what am I supposed to do? I swear, I've failed so many quests because specific tasks required certain conditions that do not take the player's possible predicaments into account. I end up doing what I did in 3079, just looking for quests that give me fewer restrictions.The most immediately noticeable problem, though, is the environment. While it's nice not to be navigating a shallow grid (at least, outside of bases), the contours of the land can present some problems; Frequently, things get stuck in objects and crevices. The lazy solution, of course, is to provide functions to allow the player to respawn either him or herself, or respawn a quest target.It's still good tho."
,Recommended,263360,22366908,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,intergalactic african,Only had the game for a day and I can already tell this is a favorite.
,Recommended,263360,21933868,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Beaniebby,"So I finally beat the game today. It's a pretty good and fun game. Very addicting gameplay.The game doesn't really guide you that well. I spent my first 4 hours playing just doing random quests and figured there was only one enemy type in the entire game because until you beat the first boss no new types of enemies spawn. Then i continued on with the other bosses and new enemy types started to spawn. Wouldn't of otherwise known had I didn't feel like ""finishing"" the game.The main ""story"" if you want to call it that is very short. It's just a few boss battles and then it has an ending. I've only discovered 2 and they weren't that great. Now that I'm done with it I'm not sure it has any replayability in your same game file as there really isn't anything else to do aside from exploring deeper and deeper into the world as the levels get higher and completing random quests for skill points is all there is left to do.None the less the game is very fun and worth the money. Excited to try his other games as I have bought them all now."
,Recommended,263360,24266991,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,A L I E N,"One night I was just looking through the under five dollars section when I found this hidden gem of steam, i got this during the summer sale for $1.49 and every penny was worth it, i then proceeded to buy it for two other friends who also enjoy the game quite a bit.Pros-great weapon play-diverse areas-randomly generated-coop-good building mechanics-well done RPG elementsCons-robots only have 4 lines-enemies have dead aim a lot of the time-melee weapons are overpowered and easy to useMixed-no clear pathThe game is not worth full price but it usually goes one sale quite a bit and will be worth it then.Thanks for reading this if you got this far!"
,Recommended,263360,22060244,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Khaktuss,"Great, simple game but could use some more story.Gun part levels are amazing. Found a level 1 energy rifle core with 10% homing and 12% explosions, this outranked everything else i found."
,Recommended,263360,23142162,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,[TJR] Flt-Admiral Y-11,"MUCH better than 3079. It's much easier to play, it's got extra features involved with the gameplay, and best of all, the NPCs look NORMAL! Thank GOD!"
76561198076456917,Recommended,263360,8930459,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,sladjkf,"I looked at it, and I thought, ""This kinda looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;, and I thought that because of the little kiddie graphics. I actually decided to get it, and so far it hasn't been too bad. It certainly had more depth than I imagined."
,Recommended,263360,9481936,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Fascist submarine,"This game has so many possibilities, you'll start playing and then 5 minutes later you'll realise its been 3 hours! It has such a level of depth, especially in the system for building weapons. You choose each of the different parts, and put it together, meaning that you'll spend a long time trying to decide which items to pick up and leave behind, so you can build the best possible sniper rifle, or fastest pistol, etc. Definitely buy it if you get the opportunity."
,Recommended,263360,18473106,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,(_Robo_),"When i found this game i read the tags and noticed ""rpg"" + ""action"". Some people see those tags from a different perspective but the way i saw it i was like, ""Yeah! i like that kinda stuff"" so i bought it. I am not a person to focus too much on graphics (unless they make my pc feel like a sack of turd due to lag) and with full honesty for a 2014 game, i was kinda dissapointed in the way the models looked, but like Minecraft and those kinds of games it is just a style that was easy to create with a program like Blender. It's a very simple game to play when you just want to relax. If you are in to simple relaxed games i would recommend."
,Recommended,263360,20044812,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,gRape,Love the artwork
76561198013674073,Recommended,263360,18576248,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Sedelf,"A fun time killer, and a good game to pick up if you have the money to spare of it's on sale.7/10Pros:*Nice visuals.*Fun combat.*Nice soundtrack.*Interesting story that begins to pick up.Cons:*Game can get a bit repetative after your first few hours.A nice little indie game that uses Java, 3089 is a good time killing game in between other things, or a good game to just blast through for a bit. I dig the soundtrack, gameplay, and visuals, but it's story is slow to pick up, though it is a bit interesting."
,Recommended,263360,15274065,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Lockdonnen,Has the look and feel of a game from the early 2000's which is what I grew up on so there is bit of a soft spot for me there.It's easy to get into and play several hours into without that dragged out feeling. But as the quests are random there is that time to time where everyone has the same ones.I've enjoyed my time playing this one and glad to see Phroot is making more!
76561198113710851,Recommended,263360,9247423,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,marcelosousa,Very good game love it
76561198083014499,Recommended,263360,9418795,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,zero560,this game is for any sic fi shooter lovers and has some half life graphics buttt still is good you can make your own guns and select your own missons but beware it is slow on some computers and needs java but still five star!
,Recommended,263360,9103800,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Hellgrammite,HORSE
76561198068006139,Recommended,263360,21536976,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,BoatCaptain908,bASWE
,Recommended,263360,12561849,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Hiræther Harbinger de Behçet,"The feel of a 00's mmorpg world made of voxels, low-G physics, & rogue like elements make ""3089"" indy gold.  The sense of wonder during exploration is breathtaking.  The world is quite dangerous, even from the get go, with enemy invaisions and unstable planetary conditions.    Crafting is well done, easy, & cool as hell.  Movement through the world is awesome, streamlined, & augmentable in many ways.  One can become a ninja capable of taking out fighter jets.  The physics of the world start to bend to your will, all the while the game watches you and adjusts impossible feats just on the horizon.  The nostalgia is palpable.  Games I remember while playing ""3089"":  ""Everquest,"" ""Project Entropia,"" ""Unreal,"" ""Minecraft,"" ""Morrowind""...  Somehow, elements of all these AAA games are found in ""3089"" & oft improved upon.  Phr00t improves the fun factor with each game, really making this sequel well worth while.  The appreciation for what the oldschool misses is here:  this is a gamer's game.  Indy ftw.94/10  ""3089"" > ""skyrim""   (Why?  Because you can actually fly.  ""Morrowind"" tried & then they gave up.)"
,Recommended,263360,21480934,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,________,"I like this game more than some AAA titles, get it."
76561197986122585,Recommended,263360,11747548,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,TheOtherTori,Great little indy gem. Minecraft meets Star Trek. Low budget but great for LANs.
,Recommended,263360,11190238,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Pasta J,"My couch said this game had ""outdated graphics"". I told him this:""Theres no way graphics are bad, tis from 389.""Thank you"
,Recommended,263360,12559538,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Aɪ,"3089 is definitely a fun game with a nostalgic feel. While the textures are outright terrable, the graphics(shaders, the ""toon"" look, anti-aliasing"" ) are good, and while the models may not be high-poly, they certainly all follow a theme. The gamplay and features are fun. It's a red VS blue capturing game with a building aspect to it, and I'm sure more to come. Doesn't have the biggest story, but this is definitely a fun game."
,Recommended,263360,24021751,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ImmortalSaus,Honestly I dont know what to type. Its a good game
76561198155732259,Recommended,263360,13827914,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,kamran2430,"Fun! Never gets boring for me, though I'd try and pick it up on sale. Worth it either way though.UPDATE (June 11, 2015): Still fun, but thought I should elaborate since my review is actually visible. Just a few things:1) Look at my time in this game, wow.2) This game makes you feel like a god damn ninja with all the movement options, as long as you aren't extremely overburdened/underleveled.3) The game does SEEM to have very little content, much of the content appears only as you progress the plot. With such an open game, it can be easy to avoid some things without realizing their importance, so if you feel like the plot has stalled, try doing something new and check the discussions tab. The game has MULTIPLE ENDINGS, so don't just give up on the story. Still, I'll admit there's still not a huge amount of content, and there's a reason that the plot isn't a selling point- it's kinda engaging but not very deep.4) I am a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ without a credit card, so ignore what I said about waiting for a sale, if the game sounds good it's worth the full price. That said, there's a good chance that the game will go on sale soon, because of the next point:5) A SEQUEL was just announced. Not just the next game in the series continuing the story, like 4089 was, but another open world game in the style of this one, called 5089. I'd say get this one on sale now and if you want it get 5089 when it gets put on steam, but it's going through early alpha/beta testing right now if you want to try and message Phroot (the developer) to get in on that. I know I'll be sending him an email soon!6) Last thing. This game is not for everyone, 4089 is from relatively early in Phroot's proffesional carreer, and it does show. The game is pretty polished (since he keeps updating it), but a few parts are still lacking. But if you can see past the graphics, or are someone who enjoys plenty of older games and/or lower budget indie games, you'll enjoy the hell out of this game."
,Recommended,263360,24489403,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Bigdan99,"This game is alot like E.Y.E Divine Cybermancy: Both are broken, badly designed messes that are still somehow outstandingly fun. All of Phroot's games are like that, and i'd say for an extra dollar, you really can't go wrong with 5089, but you aren't missing much by choosing 3079 or 3089 (4089 is a completely different type of game).These games are kind of what I expected out of S.T.A.L.K.E.R; you take on randomly generated missions which have you going out into a warzone to spy, kill, etc. The missions you take give you money to upgrade your gear, and the farther you go from your home base, the better gear you can find. Everything is procedurally generated in this game, from the NPC's, to the world, to the weapons. This makes every game/area different and exciting. There's a territory control-type main story in the game, which has you taking over bases to gain traction in the war.This makes it sound like a pretty solid game, but the lack of structure and direction is what makes or breaks it for most players. It's entirely possible to make your way into an area where you'll get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked, and to loose stuff because of random and unexpected events. However, the lack of hand-holding in this sense can really make it feel like YOUR journey; it's your choice where to go, what to do, and how to survive. This kind of openness is rare in games, especially games as ambitious as 3089.So basically, 3089 is a complicated mess which expects the player to take care of themself, and this makes it one of the most open ended and fun games i've ever played. You make the fun in the game, which is something that more popular projects like Minecraft and Garry's Mod pride themselves on. This game is endearing enough to suck you in and, if you're willing to learn its quirks, it is a highly rewarding experience."
,Recommended,263360,8711913,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,TheXandan,Up the ante simulator 2014 is a really fun game.
,Recommended,263360,34719977,Posted: 3 September,all,Wheados,Cool game to play with friends like my friend Jumento das trevas Pietro
,Recommended,263360,9403461,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,codyvidal,I had to walk home in♥♥♥♥♥♥♥stained underwear because of this.
,Not Recommended,263360,12482086,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Preparing for mordhau,The game is extremely un optimized i couldnt even get 30 fps i have just wasted my money on this and i cant even get a refund
,Recommended,263360,12526223,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Miporin,"If you can look past the weird graphic, the co-op rogue-like gameplay is okay in its own way.You are a robot, you do many quests, you get skill points, you upgraded yourself, you collect / steal parts, you craft items from parts or sell to buy others, you get stronger, you fight boss. and restart the whole process at higher difficulty."
76561198016257153,Recommended,263360,15809023,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,DraxTemSklounts,"its hard to decide which i like more. this or the first block almost minecraft adventure. the things in the world kinda look borderlands esque but i like the toon version because i can see everything easier. I love this game um im seeing things i dont know about, like robots, that charge. im only getting the same X quest. the guy that looks like a robotic neander"
76561198013055491,Recommended,263360,21499985,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Konscience,Yes!
76561197972698208,Recommended,263360,16193312,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Lord Inquisitor,"Generic RPG with guns and lazers and planes.  Hardly any storyline, random quests, lots of enemies and quite a few ways to kill them.8/10"
,Recommended,263360,9875727,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,em dne,VERY GOOD!! I HAVE NEVER SHOT SO MANY GUNZZZ B444!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,263360,14965461,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Nauhbonh,"I bought this on a whim ages ago, and initially, I had lots of fun with it. The reason I'm writing this review is slightly different. While I would normally recommend that people buy this game, I can no longer feel good about it, because the multiplayer on this game is the most arcane and baffling process I've encountered in a long while. Phroot has done little to clear this up, all of his explanations that I've seen for how to get this stuff to work is, more or less, ""Just port-forward.""We did that. Or at least, made a great number of valiant attempts to get it to work, only to no avail. Even when I successfully forwarded the port, 3089 failed to recognize it. Do not buy this game if you expect to play it multiplayer. Steam is incorrect. This game doesn't really have multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,263360,14974224,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,King Weeman,"The things that attracted me about this game were that time stop thing that you can only use on regular mobs anyway, and for a reduced time(it's pretty much useless) and the ability to tear apart and combine elements.I was disappointed with that too because you can only do that in specific areas and you lose parts when you die.You die quite alot and there's almost never one of those things that you can use near you.Other than that, the game is boring or rather frustrating.I wouldn't buy it againEdit:The bullets are slow as ♥♥♥♥, you can barely hit anything if you're not using that time stop♥♥♥♥♥♥ and even if you are, you won't be able to fire many rounds."
,Recommended,263360,9555629,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Schlangus,"It's OK. It plays well. Went far beyond my expectations. It's very rewarding in its own right.I recommend this but I don't think it's entirely worthy of an immediate purchase. Give it a go, though, you might like it."
,Recommended,263360,8996064,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,21 sausage,"I loved 3079 but 3089 doesn't appeal to me all that much, still a very good game i wouldn't reccomend buying at full price."
76561197993087353,Recommended,263360,9034957,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,^1Jason V.,"NIce game, but unfortunately gets boring really fast since after some time its just - next area, next weapon, no difference in handling just better stats. I would say its not worth it but 9 euros is an acceptable price for the activities in the game and of course - multi !"
76561198090809322,Recommended,263360,8808776,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Akumura,It says it could not launch
,Recommended,263360,10818188,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SpikedParasite,beep boop
,Recommended,263360,28631236,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ktreus,"get stunned makes this game a♥♥♥♥♥♥to play (for me, a casual player), and looks like a robot walk simulatoris not a bad game, but, if you dont like a hardcore game, you will waste you time, but if you like challenges, this game is for you.6.7/10"
76561198223646124,Recommended,263360,31170468,Posted: 15 April,all,Marto0425,I like this game and hope to finish it BUT they may need to improve graphics like a lot and also I dont like being chased by some sort of ghost plz remove spirts
76561198038287598,Recommended,263360,18052520,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Aquatarkus,top kek
76561197961521535,Recommended,263360,9665018,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Captain Bumbus,"Well lets start off by saying. When you first drop into this game you say ""I Have no idea what im doing"" but eventually you find a rifle and then it becomes easier. The graphics though, are acually not that great. Im not saying they're bad but they could have done better. The gameplay is awesome the whole crafting mechanic was really cool. The music was DREADFUL and REPETITIVE i didnt like the music that much. the voice acting confussed me because i couldnt tell if it was intentional or unintentional beacuse the only voice acting belongs to the robots. All in all i'd give this game a 7/10."
,Not Recommended,263360,34766734,Posted: 5 September,all,Butler,"I don't understand why this game has such a positive following, maybe I'm missing something but in the hour and a half i played I just never got into it.Something about it made me really want to enjoy it, but there was just nothing that made me want to continue playing."
,Recommended,263360,32057672,Posted: 30 May,all,i love minecraft,WOW this game really knodcked my socks off!!! i liked that part in it!
76561198098389641,Recommended,263360,18141249,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Necro-loli-con,first one was way better
,Recommended,263360,12525891,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,WontonWalrus,"It's like minecraft ,but with no crafting."
76561198042956737,Not Recommended,263360,13938401,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,atramentousFirmament,"I was optimistic about this game.  It's got a procedurally generated open world, it's got robots, it's got action RPG mechanics, it's got shooting, it's got equipment customization and aircraft piloting, it's got stealth, it's got procedurally generated missions, it's got time manipulation mechanics, it's got ♥♥♥♥ing everything.  That's just it, though.  It's spread so thin.  There are so many cool individual ideas and mechanics in this game, but not a single one of them is done well.  The ""action"" is slow, piloting an aircraft somehow manages to be just as uninteresting as walking, the rpg mechanics are boring and uninspired, the stealth is crap, the fps mechanics are crap, and the big world you're given to explore lacks anything worth exploring.  Obviously, having only played 1.3 hours, I can't tell you how the late game plays.  I can, however, tell you that the first 1.3 hours are astonishingly dull.  Even the base being bombarded with meteors was boring, all it means is you have to sit in a tastelessly coloured ""house"" for a while.That's another thing, the visuals.  Obviously I wasn't expecting anything gorgeous, I saw the screenshots.  Keep in mind, however, that what you see in the screenshots is the best that the game has to offer in the visual department.  The environments are woefully underpopulated with any kind of visually interesting scenery.  Every other aspect of the fluff is equally lacking: missions have no flavour, enemies and allies alike lack even a slight amount of personality, etc.TL;DR:Describing the environment is, perhaps, one of the best ways of describing the game on a whole: an ambitiously vast expanse of nothing."
76561197972188950,Recommended,263360,9357200,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Geometer,"Gameplay > graphics, which is good, because these graphics are terrible!Very fun sandboxy RPG gameplay (but no digging, which is fine because you can still build) and although the story is short and pretty dry, the gameplay is actually infinite because the world is randomly generated, and as you move away from the start, the level of everything increases."
,Recommended,263360,32205494,Posted: 5 June,all,ChigenStr1ps,nice
,Recommended,263360,8651860,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,ThatSabineGirl,"At first I couldn't seem to get anywhere. My weapons were impossible to hit with while enemies' were hitting me all the time.Don't run in shooting basically. Pick them off from range, use stealth mode liberally, and you start to discover the game beneath, which is really fun."
,Recommended,263360,8667684,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Jumane XanMan,Why cant I play the game ? It launches a cmd thing then the game does not load. Can anybody help ?
76561198055083467,Not Recommended,263360,15110344,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,dougscheufler,Didn't seem finished not enough content
,Not Recommended,263360,16048442,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,❄ColdBat❄,"I tried this game ,and had a really BORING time with it, i coudn't find any bunker to get weapons ,I kept moving around like a idiot for 30 minutes and coudn't get a single weapon or armor."
76561198068076924,Recommended,263360,29379863,Posted: 20 January,all,Pieman,3089 is the best open world action/RPG available (except for maybe the sequels). Get it.
76561198101302271,Not Recommended,263360,32049852,Posted: 29 May,all,remus,"It is a simply a bad game, repetitive, slow paced, boring. The only change in the landscape is just color. The whole thing is just bad."
,Recommended,263360,13012642,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Nakey,the best part about this game is where you go fishing with a rodeo clown. this inspired me to go down to the aquarium and buy a fish. i beat the crap out of it with a cactus because it was still alive when i got home. its been in a bucket now for a week and i think its starting to smell bad so its time to cook heres the recipie:1 cup of water based lubea life size batman postera trash canmethod:throw the batman poster in the trash and use the lube to jerk off the fish.and done enjoy your fish!
76561198097060893,Not Recommended,263360,12580424,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Mr.Jack,All servers are down cant play not recommended  0/10
76561198098436476,Not Recommended,263360,11355574,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,woah,"WHY DOES DIS NOT WORK? HUHUHUHU EVERYTIME I PRESS ""play"" IT SAYS ""an error has ecoured check counsel for problems"" GUES WHAT WHAT PROBLEMS"
,Recommended,263360,9103666,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,TheTermineter|Eddy,For an Indie Game it's incredible it's a really good RPG just freakin' buy it ^^
76561198042913113,Recommended,263360,12487730,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,caidicus,"I died, and I feel upset and unfair about that... I don't know why I died, and I don't like dying. I hate it, in fact, and for a damn game to make me experience it while I'm trying to figure out if I like it or not makes me MAD!!!Still, though... there's something about it that makes me want to play it again...In all seriousness, it's a pretty neat adventure, though it's a shame there's no server based multiplayer with many people at the same time. I guess that's because it's more focused on story and quests than it is on survival multiplayer.All in all, a good deal."
76561198088063014,Recommended,263360,9091587,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ashtonashtonashton,rytrytrevt
,Not Recommended,263360,20495480,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,negromancer,Bad
,Recommended,263360,15200596,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Sugar,"I don't know what to put here, so I'll put the lyrics to a song.""Clint Eastwood""I ain't happy, I'm feeling gladI got sunshine in a bagI'm useless but not for longThe future is coming onI ain't happy, I'm feeling gladI got sunshine in a bagI'm useless but not for longThe future is coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onYeah... Ha Ha!Finally someone let me out of my cageNow, time for me is nothing cause I'm counting no ageNow I couldn't be thereNow you shouldn't be scaredI'm good at repairsAnd I'm under each snareIntangibleBet you didn't think so I command you toPanoramic viewLook I'll make it all manageablePick and chooseSit and loseAll you different crewsChicks and dudesWho you think is really kickin' tunes?Picture you gettin' down in a picture tubeLike you lit the fuseYou think it's fictional?Mystical? Maybe.SpiritualHero who appears in you to clear your view when you're too crazyLifelessTo those the definition for what life isPricelessTo you because I put you on the high♥♥♥♥♥♥You like it?Gun smokin' righteous with one tokeYou're psychic among thosePossess you with one goI ain't happy, I'm feeling gladI got sunshine in a bagI'm useless but not for longThe future is coming onI ain't happy, I'm feeling gladI got sunshine in a bagI'm useless but not for longThe future (that's right) is coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onThe essence the basicsWithout did you make itAllow me to make thisChild-like in natureRhythmYou have it or you don't that's a fallacyI'm in themEvery sprouting treeEvery child of peaceEvery cloud and seaYou see with your eyesI see destruction and demise (that's right)Corruption in disguiseFrom this ♥♥♥♥in' enterpriseNow I'm sucked into your liesThrough Russel, not his muscles but percussion he providesFor me as a guideY'all can see me now 'cause you don't see with your eyeYou perceive with your mindThat's the innerSo I'mma stick around with Russ and be a mentorBust a few rhymes so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s remember where the thought isI brought all thisSo you can survive when law is lawless (right here)Feelings, sensations that you thought was deadNo squealing, remember that it's all in your headI ain't happy, I'm feeling gladI got sunshine in a bagI'm useless but not for longThe future is coming onI ain't happy, I'm feeling gladI got sunshine in a bagI'm useless but not for longMy future is coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onMy future is coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onMy future is coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onMy future is coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onMy future is coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onMy future is coming onIt's coming onIt's coming onMy future"
76561198046578502,Not Recommended,263360,10647537,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,frend0,"I dont like this game, dont judge me for playing it."
,Not Recommended,263360,32424819,Posted: 14 June,all,Gristle Tits,A steaming pile. Don't even bother. Clunky gameplay and no tutorials in something that looks like it was thrown together in 10 minutes and thrown on the store.
,Not Recommended,263360,25100548,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ActionPoohole,This game was a bit too higilty pigilty for me to get into and thusly have not enough gameplay time to review well. I just didn't enjoy this one as it felt really cheap and too random to make any sense.
,Not Recommended,263360,13044391,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Hastur,This game is trash and the developer should feel like trash for making it.
76561198023791775,Not Recommended,263360,12957272,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,TheRedDeath,Meh
,Not Recommended,263360,8963706,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Boogybot,do not buy this game. it is lazily done and the mechanics are unfair. while its fun at first it just turns into a feeling of missed potential.
76561197993405086,Not Recommended,263360,8904867,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,artoo,Seemed like a fun idea.
76561198084094681,Recommended,263360,8658694,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Paradigm,WONT WORK ON MY AWESOME COMPUTER WHY!!!!
76561198070456044,Not Recommended,263360,8676795,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,ryancobra0092,At first i was very confused then i got the hang of it was loving it untill i got killed and lost 2 good items.After some more quests i got my gun and hoverboard up and running again only to lose it time and time again...3089 is not a bad game it just punished me for every tiny mistake like using a hoverboard to circle a group of enemies just to kill one accidently pick up one item and become immobile due to over burden then die because of slow movement.Not for anyone who isnt willing to lose massive amount's of progress just to make a bit more progress.The level design is awesome and hoverboarding is fun but the energy and health system is unforgiving.
76561198023213060,Recommended,263360,8657024,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,BeingFrankWithYou,"Oh boy....  I loved the first one (3079)... till I died and lost an item of mine...     So I bought this new one (3089) in hopes that horrible part of the game wasn't in this new one.  I had asked if you lose items when you die.  No response.  So I bought it anyways, because the changes sounded really cool and I figured they wouldn't be dumb enough to make the same mistake that totally ruined the game for me and my friends with the last game....  well I was wrong.  You lose a part, I died and I lost the magazine of my gun making my gun useless.  So scrounging around for another clip, found a worse one... and just lost the want to play this game.Funny how lots of games always have something that either makes the lasting appeal of games go down the tubes or just some really annoying things with aspects of the game that kill it.This game is fun, I enjoyed playing it and getting a hover board and stuff like that, but again I went to venture out of the town after doing a whole slew of quests (like 10 or so) had like 6k money, and pretty good armor (still level one (of the armor))  and I just got killed by one guy out there that only took 4% damage, and just obliterated me, thus losing my gun part stated above.  I really want to like this game a lot, but that just killed it for me, because I just imagine being high ""level"" (you get skill points not really levels) and then dying and losing a really awesome part....   WHY!?   Why not just lose money!?  That's annoying enough as it is (didn't see if I lost money or not, was too frustrated with the lost part).Well that is my review of this game.  Please please let me know if they change that stupid aspect of this game, and I will go and tell my friends (don't have many on my steam list here, but outside of it yes) to pick this game up and have a blast..... although this game is only 2 players coop..Thank you for reading my review, I hope you have a lot more fun with the game than I did after I died, before I did it was fun.  I didn't know I was going to lose an item, because I can't seem to find that aspect of the game anywhere on a site.  Probably is in an obvious place saying that happens, but I didn't find it.  Even worse I boosted my armor to 25 or so, and had about 17 stamina, and I died in like 4 or so shots from a level 5 guy that was pretty close to the outside of town.   :PThe more time I put into this game the more fun I have, although randomly getting cheap deaths is annoying still, but will edit this review as I play it more.  Thanks for the patience."
76561198002505362,Not Recommended,263360,31024596,Posted: 8 April,all,Malt Liquor King,really really genuinely terrible
76561198064471675,Not Recommended,263360,30710446,Posted: 24 March,all,Dartanyan,Bad game.
76561197975367259,Not Recommended,263360,8658514,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,RiceMan,it's like playing your least favorite n64 game after 3 hits of acid
76561198049373103,Not Recommended,263360,8688594,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,SUPER DANGEROUS,"25 minutes played, says it all."
,Recommended,263360,10363922,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,DyrDyr,"This game is a ton of fun, amazing world with fun combat and stealth mechanics, a little hard to figure out what to do at first but the game quickly progresses and becomes a lot of fun"
,Recommended,263360,11093885,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,HaltingState,This game is amazing. Just buy it.
,Recommended,263360,10854113,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Anonchy,"Wow. Picture a really low quality graphic, really high quality gameplay, randomly generated, EXTREMELY difficult, open-world, exploration, shoot-em up, stealthy, environmental survival game."
76561198013559405,Recommended,263360,11179777,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,juxstepin,Control a massive horde of minions just long enough to see them all wiped out in a meteor storm.
76561198080207580,Not Recommended,263360,19327004,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Johnny B. Goode,"I would say a dissapointment after how much i enjoyed 3079. iIdon't hate the game, but can't reccomend it and would advise to just buy 3079 instead. You'll be funding the same guy, but for a better game in my opinion. This game has even less story and purpose than the other one, and neither a story driven at all. It also seems to have a much steeper difficulty curve if you try to explore further into thr world."
76561198077185651,Recommended,263360,20444085,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Neptünian Double Ö,When i saw this game i thought it would be very fun but i was pleasantly surprised and now i cant really seem to get enough of it. i really do enjoy it. i am very happy with this reasonably cheap purchase.
76561197998490461,Recommended,263360,9625972,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,cheep crybabby hatter,"I was a bit disappointed by this game. Promised to me was a procedurally generated shooter, with procedurally generated missions, weapons/equipment, NPCs, difficulty, and a world that is generated on the fly as you explore it. And, to be fair, all of these things were delivered. However, I was hoping for an exciting and dynamic experience high in variety, which is not quite what eventuated. The problem with so much procedural generation is that it makes the game a little bland.The missions are particularly so. The missions are made up of about 2-6 objectives to be completed in order, and are made up of a set list of about 8 different kinds of tasks, like ""Fight a gang of 4 robots"", ""Protect Sylvia Dee for 1:15"", or simply ""Talk to Derek"". All the missions are made up from these objectives, over and over again, just with different numbers, names, and times. These missions make little contribution to the minimal overarching story, and the content of their objectives is completely irrelevant; only whether you completed them or not.However, all of that said, despite my expectations being far higher than what was offered, I can still recommend 3089. Essentially, I was expecting 3089 to be a procedurally generated RPG, and it simply is not. It is, however, a challenging and reasonably fun shooter, with additional replay value because the world is never the same for any two characters. The missions, even there 's little incentive with respect to the story to complete them, are still fun from a gameplay perspective, and the large number of points you get to upgrade your character are a lovely bonus! Exploring the world into higher difficulty areas, to access more powerful items, is good fun too, and the world generation is actually pretty decent. I did enjoy the number of floating islands, chunky low polygon trees, impressive peaks and valleys, caverns and crags. While the missions, NPCs and weaponry all felt completely characterless, the worlds are somewhat interesting to explore.It took me a while, but eventually I started enjoying myself. If you approach it with a mind more open than mine was, I think you'll be in for a good time."
76561197986568110,Recommended,263360,8929003,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Shtyles,"I'm really torn.  The game could have been so much more but the endings really let me down.  Anyway, 9 hours of play (and I did a bunch of grinding) and it's over."
,Recommended,263360,11683614,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Sultan of Saturation,"I am amazed that this game is developed by primarily only one person!  It is tons of fun, and although one may stray from it because the ""graphics aren't awesome"" you must remember that games are played because we enjoy what they let us do, experience, and also where they let us go.  Believe me, there is no shortage of where you can go here.  The map may be randomly generated, but it is precisely built, as the developer takes very good care of making sure everyone is heard on their opinions, problems, and questions.There are tons of ways to play this game, and each of them are just as effective as the others, but present their own challenges.  The story kept me moving forward the whole time, tantalizing me with more information about... well yeah. I guess you'll have to just play the game now, huh? :PI highly recommend this game, and when you do start playing it I am sure you will see just why so many love this game already."
76561198111286397,Recommended,263360,14393402,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Rowdy Fella,"Although it can be repetitive at times, this game is a gem. It is an enjoyable FPS and I do not regret buying it."
,Recommended,263360,13093984,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,NullenHL2B,"It's alright, but wait for it to go on sale before buying it."
,Recommended,263360,14089686,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,santa,"Being only 60mb, it was defenitley a game worth installing and playing for a while. Not the best multiplayer, and not one of those easy open world games. Tough to play, not gonna lie. Fun tho"
,Recommended,263360,13213496,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Newmann,Is this COD?
,Recommended,263360,13599823,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Bonesinger,"Thsi game has no story, pretty much. You just do some random quests, get skill points, look for loot and move on to harder challenges. Strange that despite having no depth, it can still kill quite some hours.Hint: if you don't do the main quests, different types of enemies won't spawn, like ghosts.Hint2: kill enough of those white overlord ships and they'll simply stop spawning."
,Not Recommended,263360,14764275,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,khablabla,"I couldn't really get into it, the world wasn't cohesive and the gameplay was overall uninteresting. Nothing compells me to continue,"
76561198095131464,Recommended,263360,12505750,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,SHITWIZARD,"Good game, sometime i don't have a clue what i'm doing but i love it"
,Recommended,263360,12507626,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,noodle,"Random drops and random quests, with stat points.  Animation style reminiscent of the era before the Voodoo card."
76561198095359232,Recommended,263360,12264826,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,empty,"Doesn't have much replay value, but it is still a fantastic game! I reccomend playing with friends."
,Recommended,263360,12379966,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,"mess with Chen, get the horns","Overall 3089 has a good story and excellent gameplay, but there are some lackings. The stealth mechanics are too costly and pretty slow, while more hotkeys for weapons could be welcome. The ""jobs for experience"" system is very simple, easy to do, but take a bit of care because of restrictions. They might be repetitive for some people, but they are incredibly simple and use the core game mechanics in effective ways.The game could be improved a bit and expanded heavily, but on its own it's pretty fun. I'd suggest to get it on sale, as the author intends to add more depth and complexity in the sequel.Almost forgot: The co-op is probably one of the best aspects of the game. Unfortunately it's only two-player, but it is easy to manage and having both players aids in exploration and you can contribute to the jobs of your partner (but you don't get any experience)."
,Recommended,263360,11540338,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,serioussanto497,Really fun but i wish you could mine blocks...but still worth the play becuase of its combining items and suvival as well as it's questing and exploration.
,Recommended,263360,11326927,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Pirpolose,"Great, coming from a single dev."
,Recommended,263360,12190122,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,K. K. Slider,"3089 is worth it. It's a fairly silly game that I feel a lot of people will over look because it looks like♥♥♥♥♥ But man, it's such a good♥♥♥♥♥to feel up on. Leveling system, bunch of skills to level, borderlands like loot. It's just a fun game to hop in and♥♥♥♥♥♥around, especially with a friend or two."
,Not Recommended,263360,28368062,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Vextin™,"Perhaps the sequels are better, but wow, this game was bad."
76561198116691423,Not Recommended,263360,27900340,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Dark Lord,"While I think this game is pretty cool, it literally works at random. And the built in safe mode protocall makes it impossible to play the game in fullscreen when it crashes 3/4 launch tries. Luckily it's cheap and honestly I didn't expect much out of purchasing it. But don't get this game, get 5089, and hope this dude made it more stable"
,Recommended,263360,14780614,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Delta FarmSkins.com,"i thought this game is great for people that love futuristic gaming. the controls can be a little clunky, but none the less fun as hell."
76561198032345390,Recommended,263360,33503392,Posted: 13 July,all,Nyet Diem,"If you like the style, go right ahead. It's a stat upgrade driven RPG with some looting & (because some stuff loots in pieces) a very small amount of crafting. When you start, read very carefully about each stat & realize that stealth isn't that useful in this game."
