user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198013549332,Recommended,263400,8656735,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,"Punished ""Venom"" Kaban","War of the Human tanks plays like a sort of grid-based strategy game in the vein of battleship, but with significantly more tactical options and threats than the board game classic. Unit abilities can light up fog of war, kill enemies at greater range, self-destruct your unit for a wide swathe of, well, destruction, and so on. Between missions, you spend supplies gained from previous sorties to upgrade and replenish your army, increasing their effectiveness, area of effect of attacks, range, and so on.Its titular unit, the human tanks, are mass-produced military personnel who for some unknown reason look like cute young women and charge fearlessly to their doom at your command. If that sounds too weird for you, this game may not be for you. But if you can look past that strange outer layer and the (gasp!) DREADED ANIME AESTHETIC (the horror!) this game offers a lot of fun and deep tactical gameplay.The plot is presented in a visual novel sort of style between missions, so you will have to do a lot of reading. But there is plenty of (dark) humor to be found, and some surprisingly deep themes for such a wacky game.Also, its soundtrack is seriously catchy and unique.I personally ADORE this game, and if you have any interest in tactical RPGs like advance wars or any other strategy title really, I think you could do a lot worse than War of the Human Tanks. If nothing else, try the demo - it gives five levels of playtime, plenty to decide on whether this game is for you."
76561198042864202,Recommended,263400,8663487,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Materia User,"Pros:Good fun for a cheap price.Decent customization.Funny (if maybe a little odd) humor.Better plot than expected for simplistic graphics.Cons:Simple graphics (...who cares)Can be a bit long winded sometimes with dialogue. (If you really wanted to though you could skip past it but you'd be missing out imo)It's a bit easy so far (I haven't beaten the game or anything though yet, so this might change)Edit: an unintentional bug gave me unlimited money, it's already been fixed probably why it was so easy haha (this shows good support for the game too!)"
,Recommended,263400,8705144,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Prune Juice,War of the Human Tanks is probably the cutest homicidal suicide bombing tank strategy game I have ever played.
,Recommended,263400,32208454,Posted: 5 June,all,LockeProposal,"Casual & Fun // Recommended for those who enjoy the board game Battleship+ Ability to view a complete transcript of the diablogue in-game; useful in case one is trying to follow the story but accidentally clicks through it at times+ Soundtrack, though limited, is somewhat unique & faily enjoyable+ There are several available 'tank' types, although these are consistently improved through research and upgrades+ Modules act to boot battlefield options & offer some means of customizing one's forces; though they get expensive, they offer a lot of options in the late-game+ complete freedom to manufacture, modify, deploy & alter formations of tanks before battle+ Multiple endings (I believe there are 4)+ Losing a battle does not necessarily reset your progress; losses here and there will change the story & may offer a different ending- Severe lack of system config options- Cringey & generic anime dialogue; this may not bother some, but I found it to be far too much for me to handle- Amount of dialogue is excessive and wholly unnecessary; about halfway through the game I just skipped the whole thing, as I considered the plot & dialogue to be lifeless & uninteresting- The amount of actual strategy required is somewhat shallow, though the challenge does increase in the late-game; gameplay is very similar to games like Battleship or Minesweeper, though the customization helps quite a bitLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,263400,13684025,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Rilebre,"I'm a long time fan of the Fire Emblem series, as well as the Final Fantasy Tactics series. I'm one of those people who'll get mad and reset whenever someone dies. In my fantasy wars, my army destroys it's enemies mercilessly without any casualties.This game did some bad things to me.One of the first units they gave me blew herself up all in the hopes of taking a few enemies with her. I reached out, a soft no escaping my lips before her final warcry, a deafening explosion, and a heavy silence.War of the Human Tanks is a comedy game of give and take, managing your expendable human pawns in an effort to make sure the enemy loses more expendable human pawns. It's brilliant. I expected this game to start preaching at me about war and death and the value of life and it never did, because the game recognized that those things are probably common sense, and instead we could have light-hearted, yet dark humor develop interesting characters. I got the game to slake my thirst for grid based tactical combat, and also received a surprisingly deep narrative along with it.The most notable feature of the combat is that it takes place in real time, with your light, kamikaze units often being the quickest, and your heavy, blow them up from a distance units being a bit more sluggish. The game uses fog of war to keep you on your feet and a wrong step into enemy territory is certain death. Not for you, but sometimes you feel pretty bad when your terrible decision making gets your innocently little scout shot to pieces.Most units die with only one hit, but units that are larger-and thus also easier targets- must be hit in each of their segments before they die.If I had to complain about anything, it's that once you get certain units you're basically an untouchable god of death. When you can literally bombard an entire half of the map with just one unit, you're probably not going to lose any fights. But then getting to that point is rewarding the first time you actually get to do it, but that said, the challenge maps usually laugh at simplistic strategies like that and send you straight to hell. Well, not you, so much as your pawn tanks, but still.Pros- Hillarious, surprisingly interesting narrative, combat is simple enough to pick up quickly and deep enough to stay interesting for the long haul.Cons- Some of the sound effects (mostly death cries) get annoying pretty quickly, not too hard to get over-powered, and I wish there was a competitive multiplayer mode, even if it was just local.5/5As a final note, this game has a demo, so there's no reason not to at least give it a try."
,Recommended,263400,16542778,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,World's 2nd best assassin,"Tried to battle a simple cat,Lost all my tanks.The tears never stop."
,Recommended,263400,12385189,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Rogan,"An odd but great doujin game by Yakiniku Banzai! or Yakiniku Oh! Yeah!Basically, a full scale war breaks out in Japon between the Imperial Army of the Empire and the Royal Army of the Kingdom. The primary weapons of war are artificially created beings called Human Tanks who are designed for the sole purpose of dying and combat. They are treated as weapons and have no humane rights whatsoever. You play as the laid back general of the Empire, Shoutaro Daihon'ei, as you push the overwhelming Royal Army away and strike back.The game flows and plays very similar to the Super Robot Taisen series and most of the Strategic RPGs (SRPG) out there including Fire Emblem, Advance Wars and FFTactics. That is, you start with the story full of dialogues then you get into gameplay then the aftermath with more dialogues then finally an intermission; rinse and repeat. Unlike such Strategic RPGs however, its gameplay is in Real-Time. You can only move your tanks if you have established a connection with them or when ""Connect"" shows up. This means that you'll need to be on high alert AT ALL TIMES, making the game feel intense than other SRPGs. The game does tell you what you can do in the game and what to do, but certain crucial tips such as modules don't happen until slightly later so I highly recommend doing trial and error as you play. Futher, almost every tank dies in one hit; The only tanks that take a few hits are the ""big ones"" that take up more than one square; much like battleship. The object of the game is to either take out the enemy's command tanks, much like the king in chess, or achieve dominace on the battlefield, forcing them to retreat.During Intermission, you may develop stronger tanks, purchase new ones, or enter a free battle on maps you've fought on. Playing through free battles for funding or crates is somewhat a grindfest and the enemy does little to change its tatics. However, I encourage you to play the free battles a lot it allows you to try many combinations of tanks that you should've used, experiment with new tanks, and find the most effective tactics that nets you a strong victory without casualties. It feels very rewarding when farming enough crates to start building tanks that are equipped with ridiculously powerful weapons enough to annihilate half of the playfield or tanks with a beacon that allows satellite cannons to fire and wipe out everything in its sight. Try not to point these to your allies though!The graphics in this game are between decent to quite good, depending on people's tastes. Nevertheless, its charm is undeniable. However, there is a heavy lack of diversity between tank models. Asahi and Tsubasa for example have identical appearance but one hits a single square while the other does a twin rifle salvo hitting 1 square further around. Tanks that have large equipments on their backs are an exception. It would be slightly better if they were given different hair color or accessories.The music in this game are mostly techno, funk, rock, and hip-hop. However, they are very catchy and fit incredibly well in every situation in the game; The custom theme heard while deploying your tanks sums up the overall themes and oddities of the Human Tanks in general. Unique to this game from other SRPGs and even most visual novels is the anime openings and endings between each chapter in the story or episode. Not many may like these videos however due to its seemingly bland vocals and animation. I feel that its presentation is intentional however and the vocals reminds me of the vocals of most anime openings and jpop of the mid 80's to the early 90's which I am quite fond of.War on the Human Tanks is a simple yet addictive game but first impressions on the game and its overall presentation depends on people's niche and taste.  That aside, I dare you to beat the first map in free battle with just Heshiko or only shock tanks!What else? Oh yeah! When playing this game, beware the Cat!"
,Recommended,263400,8737092,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Mango,It's like Battleship for weaboos
76561198044595616,Recommended,263400,10947869,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ZeroProxy,"Adorable...and yet ruthless at the same time.  Remember, human tanks have no rights, and are totally expendable."
,Recommended,263400,22439320,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Plutia,"At first sight, you can think this is strange game, since the tanks are humans. But if u are fan of Kantai Colection or Upotte, this isnt a problem; well if in Kancolle have Shipfu and Upotte have Gunfu, maybe u can find your Tankfu here. Its a vn game mixed with strategy game, so the battle system is strategy based in turns, where every turn u control your human tanks and need reach certain objectives to win the battle. In your standby phase, u can dev new tools to upgrade your tankfu since they can be destroyed or you can dev new tankfu models. For story, is very funny and hilarious.Pros:- Well, in otaku world have every type of waifu, so why not Tankfu?- The story is very funnyCons:- If u are a neko lover, dont play this one in mission bonus; because they are a hell cat, with few turn they can destroy your army. But if u win, can have neko as ally."
,Not Recommended,263400,8814346,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Hamster Pirate,"I can't really recommend this game. I know there are plenty of people of love it, but it's not my cup of tea. Aside from the long cut-scenes, the combat is really minimal and lacks depth. It's basically first-hit, first-killed. This places a huge advantage to the recon class who can reveal enemy troops on the board. Once revealed, you can easily shoot and kill them using your assault tanks or the barrage tanks. Near the end of a match it can turn into a hunt and peck game as you try to locate the one remaining enemy tank. You can level up your tanks using surplus rewarded at the end of a match. Again, you are better off leveling up your recon and then barrage tanks since they have a large advantage."
,Recommended,263400,13124850,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Moffle Pendragon,">You look like you're in a good mood, did something nice happen?.>You can tell?. Hear and be surprised, I am doing laundry right now!>Wooow!!almost died laughing12/10"
,Recommended,263400,12687884,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,ProKoolio,Cute Tanks trying to kill each other on your command. What more could you ask for?Seriously though the game is pretty good but can be a little grindy at times when you need more crates to get some upgrades but not all the time as most of the time you don't really need to until later stages in the game. With multiple endings - even though i haven't got to the end as of yet - the story can really take differents paths depending on victories/defeats. Overall I would recomend this game.
,Recommended,263400,22849748,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Konato_K,"TL;DR:A battleship with movable pieces that doesn't take too serious the story at first, but has multiple endings and stuffReviewI don't know why I got this game, it was on sale, I found it weird when I played it for the first time, but I don't regret it at all.War of the Human Tanks is a visual novel with strategic battles similar to Battleship, the battles are fine, but you need to keep in mind thatthis game is highly story driven, and you'll have to eat around 10 minutes of dialogue until your first battle(which is really short and you won't do much since it's the tutorial), the ""tanks"" are also some kind of tiny anime girls that will scream funny things when attacking or dyeing.The story doesn't take itself too seriously at first, and the tutorial battle is kinda boring in a way, however, once you get to put your own pieces, make the tanks you want in battle and start making your own little army you'll find the battles enjoyable.The story is quite interesting once you get into it, the first chapters might not be very interesting but the story develops as you progress, not you mentionyou have two different main routes and two different endings on each onemaking a total of4 different endings in the game, this is kind of common in visual novels, but I like the way is implemented in this game, unlike in most (if not all) visual novels, you don't have room for choice, no one will ask you questions, instead, the route you'll follow will depend on whether you win or lose certain specific battles, losing a battle is not always a game over, some will give you different endings and so, there is also some detours that will not affect the story and will only act as a bonus battle.The difficulty of the battles is harder as you progress in the game (that's expected), butit's possible to beat the game without having to repeat any missions, however, this also adds some extra challenge but some people really enjoy that. If you do get stucked in some part or just want to have easier final battles you can repeat some battles to gain extra supplies, as I said, this is not needed if you use your supplies properly and do good in your battles.There are several different units, all of them belonging to 6 different classes: Command, Assault, Barrage/Battery, Shock, Scout and Interceptor with some extra surprices here and there. You might find Barrage and Scout units really useful at first and eventually drop them, you always need 1 Command tank in battle, and if it gets destroyed you will lose, Shock tanks are suicidal and if you upgrade them can destroy pretty much everything in the map (including you), you can only use a certain amount of tanks per mission, but you choose which ones you bring so that makes the battle really interesting.On top of that you also have ""modules"" that will add some extra stats or features to your tanks, they are also really expensive but there are a couple that are really cheap and can make your life easier by a lot, once a tank dies, it's gone for good, but you get some supplies from the salvage.Once you finish the game story you unlock some extra stages that are even harder than the final fight, so once you finish the story this is something you can do (and get all endings as well).The game is really interesting, it has some hard to get achievements and some of them may require you to make a new game, of course, you don't need to complete the game 100%, but is something that is not that hard to get once you have the experience in the game.I really don't know why I bought this game, but I really enjoyed it, a good game but keep in mind, highly story driven (unless you totally ignore it, that's possible as well), there are also another 2 sequels here on Steam if you want more Human Tanks fun :P"
,Recommended,263400,28739775,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ness1228,"Let me tell you about War of the Human Tanks.It is a war involving human tanks.In short, I was intrigued by the demo of the game, tried the demo, treated the game as a joke at first until I realized I was nearly 2 hours into it and enjoying every bit of it.The protagonist is a weeb who just so happens to also be a prodigy first lieutenant. The story likes to switch between serious mode and whimsical simple comedy mode at the drop of a hat. Having said that, the plot development is definitely there alongside the silly nonsensical and relatively cliche slice-of-life antics of the characters, so there is an advancing story going on. On a side note, the game kinda resembles an anime in that an opening movie (that slightly changes as the story progresses) plays when you start a chapter, and the credits scroll when the chapter ends. It is very worth noting that these are 100% skippable if you don't want to watch them every time.Gameplay is like Fire Emblem in that 70% of the game is dialogue and the other 30% is permadeath grid-based combat. Fortunately, (most) units are expendable and can be replaced. Combat takes place on a top-down fog-of-war grid with your units placed in a certain section on the board. You have to wait real-time to give each unit an order, in which you can move the unit a few spaces and perform an action. As such, I'd classify it as a turn-based-RTS hybrid. The fog-of-war is for vision only; you can attack spaces you can't see if you want. If you do and there's an enemy tank there, then congratulations on your free kill.In conclusion, War of the Human Tanks is a rather unique game that I can understand why it's a hit-or-miss for many. I've read through several negative reviews of this game (I usually read those first), and all their claims are accurate; some people may not like the combat system, or the fact that most of the game is spent reading dialogue. I personally enjoyed these aspects (which are also reflected in the demo) which is why I recommend this game."
,Recommended,263400,18891096,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Captured Joe,"This is a very odd game, very strange in a very Japanese way.The gameplay is unique, it works like a real-time combination of Chess and Battleship, with tanks shaped like girls. By the way, these Human Tanks are neither Human nor, strictly speaking, tanks. It is closer to being a Japanese version of Terminator. Very Japanese.The music is sometimes quite good, sometimes absolutely dreadful, and sometimes plain weird.The graphics are quite poor, sounds are OK at best.The story is nice, but also kinda weird in its Japanese way.It does what it says on the box pretty well.Human Tank/Tank.Not recommended for people that are afraid of cats."
,Recommended,263400,14524103,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,FantasticPancake,"A grid-based tactical game with major fog of war mechanics. Comparisons to battleship are apt. One hit is one kill in general, so things can get tense and turn around real fast. Downside is that the unit management mechanics encourage grinding to the extreme. In a game like this, an extra point of range or movement is invaluable."
76561198041843338,Recommended,263400,15782348,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Histoire,It's like weird Battleship.
,Recommended,263400,32211080,Posted: 5 June,all,ℳ𝒾𝓀𝑜𝓉𝓈𝓊,Do you like cute anime girls?Do you like Tanks?Do you like battleship?Well this game game has all of those!This game has a great storyIn my opinion it is at leastGreat soundtrackstill in my opinionSo if you like stratgy games. I REALLY recommend this game and the other Human Tank games
76561198078031383,Recommended,263400,11052977,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,KawaiiSeeker,"war of human tanks is a 9 out of 10.soundtrack...oh boy. i suggest buying the Imperial Edition. the ost is awesome.the game itself is a mix of visual novel(reading text of characters and picking how the ending is played out), battleship and advance wars tactics. it works very well.since its chibi-ish anime, you might be put off but in truth, it works. since it makes you forget its pretty dark.units in game are useful but just one isn't. the shock tank. blowing up is a wasteful unit.the only downsides is the grinding and no level editor/MP.never the less, its worth the buy"
76561198070411644,Recommended,263400,13731785,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,psphabmixay,"Okay, there is already tons of reviews out there for this game. Most good, others...not so good and unhelpful.When I first played this game, I was pretty much confused at first as I assumed (incorrectly) that it was turn based or something. That thought went away the moment I lost my first unit when I was trying to figure out what I was supposed to do from a shock-unit blowing her up.Logic set in and I find that this game is not too hard to play. Use scouts to reveal areas, run in with assaults or blow areas up randomly with barrage. Easy peasy. Just make sure to play sort of fast as there's time limits and playing defensively is just asking for trouble.The story is simple and kind of funny. That's all I'm willing to say.For a person who's tight with their cash, best wait for a discount to happen. If not, then consider trying this out for a spin anyways."
76561198307856519,Recommended,263400,29181140,Posted: 11 January,all,Pequod LZ,"Well apparently human tanks have no human rights10/10 for the kamikaze unitsThis game is basicaly a mix of battleship and chess. Like chess this game has its own king a.k.a. the command unit but unlike chess you can turn them into killing machines (with the right equipment) and send ""them"" (you can have more than 1) on the front lines. Like battleship the enemy's location is unknown so you're free to blind fire or you could just replay the level and shoot where you know they will spawn as their spawning location doesnt really change (rather game breaking). I was wondering where the VN part of this was since taking detours doesnt affect you're ending until I found out that you actualy have to lose some battles to get different endings.Well overall the game was pretty fun and I must say I find it hilarious when the kamikaze units say they dont wanna die as soon as i have them explode."
,Recommended,263400,14965162,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Relictae,"Summary:War of the Human Tanks is a unique turn-based strategy with a very malleable turn-order, a grid-based combat system, and has a surprisingly deep story that is both humerous and light-hearted, but able to take a more serious tone where needed.  I whole-heartedly recommend buying this game, even if you dislike the art style.The Pros:- Lots of tanks and modules to toy with, making for lots of customizability.  You can tailor your troop to your specific play style- Replayability.  Two different routes and four endings.- Story.  Very light-hearted but also very serious at times.  Fleshed out characters and antagonists.- The story missions are very nicely scaled in difficulty.- A modifiable transmission stat that lets the player know how soon a tank's turn is, resulting in a very malleable turn-order.- Simple, easy-to-learn grid-based battle system.- Multiple tank types that each do specific things and have specific jobs, giving the feeling of a chess board when it comes to strategy.- Battleship-esque combat.  One-hit destructions.  Larger tanks require more shots due to taking up more space on the board.- Every stat and module, (for both your tanks and enemy tanks), is viewable on the battlefield, allowing for on-the-fly changes to strategy.- Many bonus battles and the ability to reply previous missions at virtually anytime.- Decent AIThe Cons:- Art style. ""Chibi"" characters that may not be your thing.- Decent AI.  The AI has trouble guessing where the player is and using Line of Sight.- Evasion.  Some modules allow a tank to dodge attacks.  This is chance-based and there is no counter.- Grind.  If you want to get all four endings, you have to play the game four times and lose specific battles.  If you want to beat all the free battles, you will also need to grind a bit in order to be competitive with the heightened difficulty.- Supply system.  It is never really explained how much enemy tanks are worth to kill and certain battles seem to give disappointing rewards while others give oddly high rewards."
,Recommended,263400,22964736,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Link,"This game is amazing, absolutely amazing. it's worth more than what it's being sold for (not complaining)Pros:- Good Soundtrack- Great mechanics-  Replayability is amazing, after you get one ending (theres 4 in all) you can continue from your old save at the end of the game and start it over again, keeping EVERYTHING you had (All developments, units, crates, etc.)- Funny story- Nice charactersCons:- It's a bit confusing at first and could have the tutorial explain a bit more (it doesn't take long to figure everything out though)- Cannot play in windowed fullscreen (not that big of a problem but I like playing fullscreen games while being able to click out of them since i have to monitors, I don't want the entire window to minimize just cause i want to respond to a friends message)- Gandhi (it's a running joke in my reviews okay?)In all it's an amazing game that is quite touching, it has ""detours"" that you can take if you wanna challenge yourself to an extra mission for laughs (That is if you haven't beaten the game yet...BEWARE OF MR. CAT HE IS NOT A VERY NICE KITTY)If you are thinking about getting this game, get it, if you enjoy strategy games (and anime) then you HAVE to get this.Cola/10 would get slapped by my little sister and my staff officer again."
76561198054514003,Recommended,263400,9930583,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Togelic,"The story is really good, the gameplay is amazing and the price is just right. In short, I love this game and I'm glad that the sequels were translated too."
76561198061650250,Recommended,263400,9605999,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,BBBc,"Really fun game.In this game, you command these moe tank girls try to defeat other moe tanks girls. It's a difficult game that will make you think. Lots of story/cutscenes and there are 4 different endings you can get. Anyone with $10 that likes stratagy games should get this."
,Recommended,263400,12626294,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Kojiro,"The story is sorta generic but its really good, the combat is a little hard to understand if you never played something alike but it just take some minutes and it get you hooked and make you play it over and over again with its awesome soundtrack, awesome combat and great japanese comedy, but if you dont like reading stuff and would only buy this for the combat dont even think about it, its a Visual Novel styled game so it means lots of reading and story.But overall, 10/10 would do it all for Choko again."
,Recommended,263400,14281709,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Uncle_Scrumpy,War has changed...
,Recommended,263400,13966846,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Illius,"A great game for strategists. You are a commander of an army in the totally not Japan country called Japon, where they use Amasson to carry parts around.The gameplay is simply complicated. In that I mean that it's simple that you can either send your units to attack a spot, move them, get them to reveal some map space, or do nothing. However, as simple as that looks there are a lot of factors. Different tanks excel in different areas.The main types are ""Commander"", of which you need a minimum one, and if you lose all of you lose.""Shock"", which can be divided, but generally hit an area around them, but also blowing themselves up in the process.""Recon"", which can reveal large areas of map, move far but are generally bad at combat.""Assault"" which usually are destructive, but otherwise all around.And ""Artillery"" which have insane range, at the cost of low mobility and speed.Now, at the start of a round you can use any mix of tanks you've made, all of which are made to be human-like, but usually without questioning orders. As you do missions, you get resources to make more. However, if a tank dies, it's permanently dead, excluding your default tank Hishiko, as well as a few select specialty tanks (Which is an important part of the plot. Unless you're Mr. Cat. Then it's just the embodiment of evil). So managing your tanks in a way to prevent them from going down as much as possible pays off. (Ie. Better strategy always pays off more than trying to brute force things with kamikazes.)The game itself isn't too hard, as long as you take the time to plan things out. In fact, it seems most people beat the story without a loss 99% of the time on their first playthrough. However, there are more stories to be told based on how you do missions (If you fail certain ones, specifically), so it's worth a second playthrough to find these. The characters are also very interesting, as they make you question your character's motives. Is he a good guy? Or is he right in his name of ""General From Hell""?A lack of multiplayer is a let down, especially in a game like this. Granted, it could obviously tip the scales towards a player who has more time in the game, but all the same they could have had a type of draft you could do, or had ___ resources to use to make your army.In summary, it's a great strategy game with a great story. A lack of multiplayer is a let down, but it's easily overlooked."
,Recommended,263400,34053123,Posted: 5 August,all,Naito Kyabarii,"Gameplay of the Human Tanks: Turn-based strategy that closely resembles Battleship. Strategy games usually suffer from being bland or repetitive in terms of level design and general strategies to take, but War of the Human Tanks takes the complete opposite of those two factors. There wasn't a moment where I felt as though I needed one simple strategy to continue the game because 1. I could switch up gameplay with modules to make me even more powerful, and 2. The enemy upgrades just as quick as you would. Plus there are a few bonus levels that literally require specific strategies if that wasn't enough to prove it.Sound of the Human Tanks (not to be confused with the actual purchasable soundtrack): There's literally nothing to be said about the OST. Just, just skip this paragraph because all you need to know is this: the soundtrack is absolutely amazing. There's not even a need to go into detail because of how amazing it is, but if you have a deep hatred for rock/trance.... THEN THIS OST WILL CERTAINLY MAKE YOU LIKE THE GENRES!Story of the Human Tanks: With four different endings and branching storylines, there's much replayability value here. The characters are memorable, lovable, and unique, which led to wanting to see more of them and their personalities. Plus there's this part where the protagonist gets tied to the ceiling as a form of punishment.Overall, if not obvious, War of the Human Tanks is a 20/10 with exaggerations aside. The game is magnificent all around and I recommend you pick it up, then after you pick it up, tell your friends to pick it up, then their friends, and theirs, and- okay you get the point.NATSUMERO IS SOOOOOOO CUUUUUUUUUUUTE"
,Recommended,263400,23965042,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Fadeway,moe
,Recommended,263400,34827280,Posted: 8 September,all,nalin airheart,"This is good strategy game. The most satisfying part for me was micromanaging my units just right so that they could minimize their exposure and sweep forward whether they were on open plains or in the narrow streets of a side quest.The difficulty of the later levels also makes things very tense, with a simple but charming narrative to underline the gameplay. It's not too hard, but I definitely learned my lesson after having my command wiped out by artillery on several occasions.There are a lot of viable playstyles, and mine took the min-maxing pretty seriously and even farmed a bit between missions to try out different units and compositions.I'm looking forward to checking out the other 75% that I apparently didn't see on my first playthrough. Panzer vor!"
,Recommended,263400,23864998,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ruminya,"So much funny and meaning, I really love this game."
76561198064270111,Recommended,263400,10808695,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,MAXrobo,It has a unique and frantic battle system and a decent story and characters to boot. the music is also way better than I ever expected to hear. a terrific game for anyone looking for a quick and cheep stratagy fix
,Recommended,263400,8732591,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,forever living,"Cute tanks fighting each other. Poor shock tanks, they look so sad. :cThis game is worth it's price in my opinion. There are quite a few upgrades you research into and the story of the game is pretty interesting."
76561198138182614,Recommended,263400,34894186,Posted: 11 September,all,Solidus,War has changed.
,Recommended,263400,11123662,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,MOTHERFUNKER,"Everything else in this game is fine, except that developing new modules and tanks costs too much.How do you beat this game?:1. Develop assault tanks until you get ""Kodama""2. Develop scout tanks until you get ""Mii""3. Basically with these anyone should be able to beat the game (One does not simply beat Mr. Cat with these tho)"
76561198006553071,Recommended,263400,16385116,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Worldspawn,Been having a lot of fun with this little gem which is a modern take on the classic Battleship game. If you like the genre you should definitly pick it up :)Pros:+Funny story with typical silly anime humor+Easy to learn+Lots of things to develop+Smooth game play+Anime intro!+Anime credits!Cons:- No way to tell which units you've already deployed beyond clicking on them in the list.It's a great game so will give it a 4/5
76561198147784568,Recommended,263400,14653925,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Fowl55™👌_S⚤X,"A really fun game but so short i beat it in a week , wish there was more level's but it was really fun to play 10/10"
,Recommended,263400,14295016,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,The Real Down Under™,"If you're old enough to remember the days of Advance Wars on the GBA then this game is worth your time. While not exactly turn based it's also not as hectic as RTS can be. Each unit is on a transmission speed, the higher the transmission speed, the faster you can make each move with it,Now I love humor just as much as the next guy and this game has that quirky humor in every cutscene and theres no voice overs so you don't have to worry about bad voice acting. The only sounds you will hear is in the tranisitions and when you use units to fire or when they're destroyed.I got the hang of this game fully but the 4th level simply because it doesn't overwelm you with infomation. In the first tutorial level it tells you the basics and thats it, after that it explains each unit including new ones that you use and the ones you face. Just be careful not to shoot your own units. (Although it's hilarious when the Enemy AI does it)Each unit is unique and well balanced. You've got Assault, Shock (Self destructing or Melee), Artillery, Scouts and Interceptors. My personal favourite is the interceptor when it's fully researched and with +3's on both range and area coverage, never worry about artillery with one of those babies. It's really rewarding to research and if you're in need of some extra supplies, simply grind out some free battles and you're set.Another feature is the line of sights, very similar to the Fog of War from Advance Wars. If you scout an area, that area will be seen until your scout that you used can be used again so you can watch for incoming enemy tanks. Giving your scout that extra range and area coverage though modules can really help. Hell, if you have good enough units you'll never need to hit the max capacity for tanks on any given level.My only downside that I've found is the campain. It's only 13 missions long (Excluding the few side ones and the free battles) but still tells a moving story within that time. It doesn't feel too rushed considering you're gonna be doing some grinding before some of them. You get the chance to go back and redo the campain which is not that bad when your units carry on as does your research. So it gives you plenty of time to obtain everything, plus it becomes easier with each pass of the campain rather then the opposite. (Be warned, the 13th mission is nightmare fuel, it gave me a jump when I first saw this thing)Final score leaves me with a 9.5/10Also, ♥♥♥♥ Mr. Cat. Just ♥♥♥♥ that thing. You're gonna need some serious grinding if you want to 100% that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,263400,9295292,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Mydlak,Better than any shooter released these days...I highly recommend it for both anime fans and military maniacs. You will find somethin for you.
,Recommended,263400,8692578,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Strangelove,"this is... actually pretty great, it's like much simpler x-com with a bit of chess with a bit of cute girls doing cute war things and dying horribly for the glory of their empire.the only problem is that the campaign is really short (even counting the 4 endings) and once you've completed it there's no challenge mode unlock (the ♥♥♥♥ing cat doesnt count) so there's nothing that keeps you playing which makes the game really short (about 10h to complete)then again, quantity doesn't necessarily mean quality, and i certainly dont regret spending those 10 hours sending cute tank girls to their fiery deaths."
76561198016637538,Recommended,263400,27384581,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Satlem,"War of the Human Tanks is an excellent rts game, with a great story line that kept me playing just so that I could uncover more of the history of the human tanks and the parts played by  Shoutaro Daihon'ei and his forces.  I would easily recomend this as well as the sequel War of the Human Tanks: Altier as a great game."
,Recommended,263400,25435707,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,joe01489,"Strange, but in a good way. I'm not sure if War of the Human Tanks is supposed to be some sort of allegory, but you can enjoy it regardless of the metaphors. The player manages an army of ""human tanks,"" which carry rifles or artillery and so forth, and the objective is to defeat the enemy by destroying all of its command tanks in an active time battle (ATB) format.The concept of human tanks forms the basis of the story, which has the touching parts characteristic of anime-related games. Much of the character development happens in the multiple storyline endings, but I wanted to learn so much more about the characters' pasts! (I haven't checked out the rest of the trilogy yet; I hope there are more answers there.) The dialogue makes up most of the game, but I wouldn't mind at all if it were twice as long, for more character development and to let the emotional parts sink in.Overall, I'm happy I took the risk of trying this really peculiar title, and will definitely play the rest of the trilogy."
,Recommended,263400,8692153,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Witzbold,"Oddly addictive little strategy game. While the text cutscenes may be a bit long, the gameplay itself is pretty fast paced and original.Am quite amused by this and will make an excellent time waster."
76561198023679331,Recommended,263400,26903062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ainrhyr,"I actually had this game long ago on an old computer that died. I was pleasently suprised to find it here on Steam, and that it had sequels as well.This is probably one of my favorite games out there. Beneath the cutesy, simplistic exterior lies a tough RTS with a suprisingly in-depth story, mutliple humorous moments, and a deep sense of respect for the adorable, loveable, suicidal human tanks. Much like playing Fire Emblem, I've had to reset a stage more than once just to not lose a tank I enjoy using, and the traffic insurance module is one of the first modules I researched. And even in the very beginning, the game can be challenging to complete. Many maps have random enemy placement, making it all the harder to best if you're not careful, and a shock tank appears to blow your strategy to hell.It may not have state-of-the-art graphics, or awesome animations, but I do still love this game."
,Recommended,263400,13433796,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Leon Declis,"I am the General from Hell, Shanon'ei or something. Even though I am pretty uninteresting except for being very good at anime, games and being lazy, my ability to be serious for a few minutes and not act careless to my soldiers has made me the perfect anime protagonist for every girl I come across to either want me or to pretend not to want me.My side kicks are Chiko, the cooky amazing genius who can assemble anything once someone bothers to ask her, Satou, the stereotypical mother who fusses over the protagonist while also wanting to chow down on his joystick and Heshiko, the comedic foil to everyone elses comedic antics.The game becomes a game of hide and seek where the first people to find the other gets the kill. It's turned based, but also works in real time, so you wander out and hang about for a few minutes while people walk up to you and shoot you in the face. If you're lucky, the person next to you may decide to shoot them first, or they may just watch you die in an explosion with joy.Basically, stick your Command Tank in the back of the field, and then begin a thorough carpet bombing of the area with your insanely overpowered tanks. If you're not quite over-powered enough, you can grind, but honestly, the game throws resources at you that you'll not fall behind the power curve. Occasionally, the game will mix it up, but eventually you'll discover that nothing is as good as area of effect attacks, since they have all the benefits of a single shot but all the benefits of levelling a quarter of the stage in a single shot, killing everything that you may or may not have known is there.You have suicide units... in a game which limits how many tanks you can take. A one-use unit, or a tank which can flatten a street is your choice. I think I may have the suicide unit twice in the game. As they ran up the enemy, they were shot. Huh.It's a pretty fun game, you can run it in a window and listen to a podcast (I like to think this was the equivalent of me in the game basically saying ""Time to win this war... Satou, have the entire army bomb the crap out of the enemy. I'll be here fiddling with my iPod and listening to Queen. Let me know if something happens). This is not a bad side; it's engaging enough and quick enough that you can fit it in between sessions or a lunch break or during a Skype conversation where the Internet keeps breaking.As for the story, well, there is a Royal Army and an Imperial Army in a land of Japon, not Japan, Japon. The two armies are effectively indistinguishable, you fight them because... well, they're on the other side of the battlefield and that's the point of the game. There seems to be some kind of underlying conversation about whether or not a Human Tank is actually worth treating well, but it's hard to tell a deep conversation while you're also have a little power fantasy and then your Command Tank walks in and it's funny because she is stupid or something.Oh, the whole Human Tanks thing? Basically, tanks don't work anymore, so they decided to make anime girls fight each other with weapons and call them tanks, a slight lobotomy to reduce initiative and then a tendency to explode if someone looks at them; later you can get tanks that require to be hit in four places to die, and as long as you bomb the enemy first, most of them should make it through.It's a nice little game, and I had fun, and that's enough. I'd say £5 or whatever heathen money you use is definitely worth getting it. It has a New Game Plus and alternative endings, but the gameplay isn't THAT good and neither is the story. But it is solid and the anime is nice, and it doesn't have any bloody panty-shots, so it's the good kind of anime, not the kind that governments seem to be trying to outlaw recently."
,Recommended,263400,13441267,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Katyusha,Works nice as a visual novel with an interesting story and 4 routes. Gameplay is entertaining if not easy especuially after the overpowered tanks are purchased but some of the free battle maps are still a challange if you want one.
,Recommended,263400,22639249,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Sylnt Crane,"Although I am not interested in strategy games that much, I find this game to be very enjoyable. When I bought this game, I bought it for the art style and the whole “human tank” concept. Then when I played the game, I found it really engaging. The gameplay is very unique for a strategy game and the story has more depth than I expected for a game revolving around “human tanks.” When I first started playing this game, its pacing was okay. It was a little slow, but still in enjoyable. When I reached the latter stages and upgraded all of my tanks completely, the game was so fast paced it was insane. I was able to kill entire armies before they even got a chance to move! I personally really like the music for this game. Although, I can see people really despising some of the songs. So I recommend for anyone just getting into this series to just buy this game solo. Then, if you like this game and its soundtrack, buy the second game with the soundtrack bundle. Both soundtrack bundles share the same soundtrack anyway."
,Recommended,263400,11237550,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Xian-Pu,"This is a nice and pretty laid-back strategy game with a (to me, atleast) fun storyline.The units are easy to understand and master, making it quick to pick up.Resource gathering is also pretty simple: depending on how many enemy units you destroyed, you get resources (called supplies) awarded at the of of a mission (even one you lost!).The game starts off simple, with missions that can be won with little or no casualties. But after the third mission it starts to increase in difficulty (albeit slowly) so be sure to research new units and equip power-ups to your tanks.There are three main methods of attack: fast close-quarters ""kamikaze"" units, medium speed short-range assault, and slow but long-ranged artillery (Personally, I feel that attacking with the kamikaze tanks is basically trolling the enemy, so I only do that for sh*ts and giggles).Scouts and anti-artillery units add depth to the gameplay due to their early warning and defensive capabilities, respectively."
,Recommended,263400,9809169,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,telos,"Just a little doujin game that's a simple board game squad turn-based strategy. It might not be much but I actually find it pretty fun, more than a lot of other TBS for sure. There is a little bit of a VN component too but it's not really wordy at all. I think it's definitely worth checking out if you like this kind of TBS."
76561198091084267,Recommended,263400,9661123,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,lilice_brocolis,"I love it !The start is really slow, it takes times for the story and battles to become interresting. I really enjoyed the different endings : the story was, at the end, supprisingly good with some twists to what I expected. It starts really slow though.Play the demo before, but know that the battles becomes really more interresting after that, with more options and financial limitations. The two last batlle from the demo (if I'm not mistaken) begin to be interresting and give you a good feeling of the game. If you resist the tentation of easy cash with free battles the quite is quite hard at the end. After the end you unlock great new maps, which are really difficult and you can play quite a lot of time trying to inprove your army to beat them.It's nice to play for alml the endings but you have to do again really dull battles, and wining your fourth ending will be really easy with all your cash and development.I like the silly character design but yeah, backgrounds are ugly."
76561198012382465,Recommended,263400,8969133,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Neppermint,This game has a lot of charm and humorBecause your tanks can only take little damage it is more strategic.want more
,Recommended,263400,14186881,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Hyperchaotic,Cute strategic game about girls who like to fight each other.
,Recommended,263400,9021075,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,General Jehuty,"War of The Human Tanks is a very genuine strategy game as of now.  It does have a hybrid feeling of Chess and Battleship which adds a sort of nostalgic feeling to it,  I recommend this game to people who would like a good strategy game and would enjoy themselves with the humerous scenarios that take place both in and out of combat.  In some aspects it may or may not be for everyone as some people who would hae a different taste in games.  The long scenarios/cutscenes before battle may make a person skip or stay and get a few laughs out of it.The idea of being able to assemble, outfit, and place units prior to the battle's start is quite a unique feature.  With a nice view of the map, players can plcae certain units that specialize in certain areas of the map.  Also each unit has its own particular role in combat if used properly, a player can easily dominate the enemy with little time and units.  The battle music can add a nostaligc feeling when commanding your units. Although certain levels, the music varies in terms of being ""Cornered, Balanced, and Dominant.""There are a few concerns though for this game such as, having an update that would allow the steam client to function properly in the game i.e the steam overlay.  Future updates or DLC that could include new units, maps, additional story, and even maybe multiplayer.  Overall I think this game is very amazing and once more I recommend this ""Moe military mayhem"" game."
,Recommended,263400,8701563,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Sora,"BLUF this is a fun strategy game with a good sense of humor. Its fun to play, there are upgrades which actually change the effectiveness of the tanks. The soundtrack is catchy and doesnt distract or take away from the game play.The story is a little short but entertaining and if the other games in the series get to steam they will be worth collecting as well.The only thing that might take away from the game is the backgrounds are realistic-ish, theyre hand painted but they are blurry pictures of scenery like trees or mountains. Also the text scenes are a little bit long but i enjoyed them overall.I give the game a 9/10"
,Recommended,263400,9078043,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Destructive Alfred,"AT FIRST GLANCE GAME OF THE YEAR TWENTY THIRTEEN, BUT IN FACT ACTUALLY JUST GAME OF THE YEARS TWENTY-OH-EIGHT TO TWENTY TWELVE. GOD BLESS COMIKET. GOD BLESS AMERICA. THIS IS THE WISEST PURCHASE I HAVE EVER MADE"
,Recommended,263400,8684146,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,glaceon chan,"the chibi art style is what caught my attention but, the fast pace battle style and great plot is what made me stay. i did not expect to cry during any point of this game but the twist at the end really got me. if you like fast paced stragey mixed with classes and skills."
76561198145478294,Recommended,263400,26819906,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cabbage,Theres at least 5 suicide jokes
76561198004435703,Recommended,263400,26080859,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,CPU Black Heart,"This game is exactly what it says on the tin. It's got strategy elements reminiscent of Battleship and chess, though, unlike both of those, it is not turn-based (it has ""action bars"" that you can't see until they're full up). You can adjust the speed of battle, though, and on the slowest setting you should have a decent amount of time to figure out what you want to do. Doing each mission for the first time is pretty exciting as you find out where everything is, but on subsequent playthroughs of the same mission you'll find that the enemy force uses the same machines and start in the same locations each time, and may only make different choices in movement from behind those ""Unknown"" spaces. This means that when you grind those missions later on for additional crates -- and you will, because you'll probably want to see just how powerful a tank your little sister can build -- you'll be able to breeze through just based on prior knowledge, and it may start to feel like a chore. Fortunately, if you just want to beat the game, grinding is only slightly necessary, depending on how many of your tanks die from enemies you didn't see until they popped up right in front of you.Of note, the game seems to be structured like an anime, of which the protagonist Shoutaro Daihon'ei is a fan. Each mission plays out like its own episode, complete with an OP, a title card, a story segment, another story segment afterwards and one of several different EDs. You may find the OP and ED sequences annoying, but they're easy enough to skip over.Also of note, the music they chose for the game isn't terribly fitting at times. I repeatedly found myself wondering what kind of mood they were going for in certain scenes. This is also easy enough to disable, if it bothers you as well.Ultimately, if you like quirky doujin games and simplistic strategy games, then this one'll do you pretty well."
,Recommended,263400,27083053,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[888],"great game, but sadly the characters doesn't have any voice, and its a bit grindy, but other than that, its a surprisingly fun game....."
,Recommended,263400,10956553,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Elane»,You don't need to enter a lottery at 2 AM to play this game
,Recommended,263400,25524958,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,TheDogIsMad,Warning:This game will give you ailurophobia.
,Recommended,263400,8732579,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,[DJK]Piberius#Rusty,"A Grid Based Strategy Game, Simple art style though game mechanics make it very fun, I enjoy replaying missions to see how to do them better and to stock up on more supplies, The game in its most basic form would portray Battleship with your ships shooting at unknown grid places, of coarse with the scout tanks you can counter this by having them recon the area beforehand, The assault tanks being your main tanks are quite nice to use but remember battleship style so theirs no health other then how many grid blocks they consist off, most units consisting of 1 meaning instant death if shot, so be careful, Overall I have to say its good value for its price, Looking forward to what this game can offer, (havent finished it yet), So if you decide to buy it, I say thank you for supporting the devs, Hope You Have Fun."
76561198064369939,Recommended,263400,8846505,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Local T H O T,"This is a strategic game which has the feel of chess and battleships combined. It didn't take to long to get used to either, this is definatly a game i reccomend to any person who is willing to play a game with a good storyline and fun missions."
,Recommended,263400,13630398,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,¤Ałapso¤,"Who doesn't love sending cute humanized tanks to their death for the sake of their country?As everyone pretty much said, it's like battleship meets chess, except it's not turnbased between your enemy and yourself. Still a great game overall, although I find the story more interesting than the gameplay. But that's just me.Also that cat is the embodiment of a bad RPer who uses Godmods. ♥♥♥♥ that cat."
,Recommended,263400,18165030,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Harmoo,Took a detour onceFound a catSomehow ended fighting against itLost all my tanks without even moving.
,Not Recommended,263400,13927172,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kamiyama,"The talk sequences are really stupid and take far too long. Gameplay requires you to upgrade your tanks to perform well - but the upgrades cost huge amounts of money and each battle rewards you with peanuts, making it a really grind-heavy game. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,263400,10343923,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,goka9696,THIS IS THE MOST REALISTIC WAR SIMULATOR OUT THERETURN BASED ACTIONPEOPLE DYING AROUND YOUSO BRUTAL666/10
,Recommended,263400,21995249,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Sonicman,"You're a guy with a cute little sister. Also, the tanks are like little sisters. But then they die... But then you make new ones to replace the old ones. 10/10 would replace loli tanks again."
,Recommended,263400,8701639,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Kerry,"This is simply amzing! if you love anime and cute things then stop reading, just buy. 8.99USD? NO REGRET!cons but not cons: I would like to use my controller.. :("
76561198081848636,Not Recommended,263400,17498734,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,xzelda1000,"I was drawn in by the icon and name, but I requested a return after about 15 minutes because it was so terrible. When I loaded up, the art was bad everywhere and the dialogue bored me to tears until I finally got to the gameplay which was strange and unexplained. It was all so boring  that I didn't even want to play anymore, despite putting up with everything up to that point."
,Recommended,263400,25805634,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,[GOTR] Gargletea体験版,Yeah its pretty good.
,Recommended,263400,16468254,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,XX /// ☯ //,"friendly reminder to adopt a human tank today!one of fruitbat's best title franchises published so far, and it's 60% off as i write this, because it's June the 17th!"
,Recommended,263400,23844469,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,hacksoi,fun once you get the hang of it
,Recommended,263400,25227525,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,CSMES,"A fast-paced strategy game combined Advance War + Battleship classic game.Your moe gal army want to literally die for you.Command them as a faceless protagonist through this a bit heartless story.My rating : roughly 6/10Reasons of playing:- Moe gals (...but of course, the most rightful reason)- The kind of gameplay you don't see often.- Actual skippable story with few branches, not just battles.- Not too high in price. It's worthiness comes from how much you enjoy gameplay and features.My experience:- Completed the game 10 times, beaten all stages, too lazy to complete research.- This game can get pretty grinding over time, but you don't actually need to grind in order to complete the story.- Breeding cats is hard but rewarding (or game-breaking, up to you).- Advance war element: Grid battlefield with every actions have their own range and area.- Battleship element: Shoot into the unknown hoping it will hit, then expect attacks from the unknown hoping it will miss.What I like:- Moe gals (let's drop this already...)- Good battle system and well-thought research line.- Decent plot and story. Some things are predictable, but still well-written.- Decent older-styled musics... most anyway. Some could use a bit of improvement, the opening in particular.- I'm not gonna spoil anymore than this.Most of the fun is from personal taste as well as gut.I reccomend this if you have them.What I don't like:tl;dr Three things - Evasion, Grinding, and Strange pacing.- Evasion... While it does give excitement for the game, I don't think they should resort to RNG just to make the game more difficult and challenging, especially when there's nothing to counter this evasion.It also makes many units you can research in a late game seem like a joke. Also, having evasion means that the possibility of 'not being able to hit anything even after the 3rd set of 10 shots' and 'not being able to evade anything the enemies shoot' exist. (spoken from experience where I got an unexpected crushing defeat even with 6 cats and a few units with Diet Cola boost).- Grinding... To keep this short: Most income per stage ~5-6m, Most expensive stuffs~100m minus 1. While it's true that you don't even need 1m clear the game and 10m to complete everything else, it just means you can't exactly 'truly complete' the game without passing a hellish test of gut. Also, imagine how long and how hard can you get that 5-6m.- About pacing... Sometimes it is too slow, like having to check every single grid in a target range. It's a pain for most units with 13 grids (3 in diameter) and some units with ~100 grids for their target range. Remember, you'll be grinding. Sometimes, it is too fast. You can't take too many actions before your opponent gets one. I have no problem with this because it's more fair to the AI.Something else to say:- Some stages take longer to beat than one would expect. Some enemies will give you surprises. Some developments raise your desire better than others. Some plot may make a twisted turn. (The characters all kinda twisted already anyway...) Expect these on first playthrough.- Have trouble breeding cats? Reduce Battle Speed to Minimum, drink cola and feed them radiotoxic.- By the way, there's no random or custom maps, so things can get old fast."
,Recommended,263400,20279317,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,FF,Worth it.
,Recommended,263400,18209064,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kempfear,"15\15 cute cats, IMPOSSIBRU"
,Recommended,263400,13185213,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Dangerous Beans,"This game is exceedingly simplistic and riddled with minor design issues, but I just can't stop playing it.If you're a fan of Upotte! or Girls und Panzer then grab WotHT it on sale and give it a try.<ALSO> Pro-tip: You can hold down the enter button to skip past the very very long dialog scenes. They're cute, but if you're in the mood for a battle rather than a VN then you can bypass them."
76561198043322705,Recommended,263400,9602961,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,GalaxySwirl,its awesome
76561198066446918,Recommended,263400,9655346,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,CisWhiteScum,"This game is very story driven and feels a little bit like starting a new game of persona 4. But when you get past that, the gameplay is alot like battle ship guessing where the enemy is hiding and blowing the sky high, and fire emblem where allied units are lost upon destrction, however you are able to build and research more more powerful units. This game looks and feels like a nod to anime with it's catchy intro, memorable characters, and soundtrack (props to the final boss tracks, I really wish they were on the full soundtrack of the game). The only downsides that I could find is that there are way too many cutscenes that take awway from the experience, and overall the main story only thirteen level, however this is forgiven because of the multiple paths, alternate chapters/episodes, hilarious side battles, and unlockable tanks at the end that are a joy to use in battle. Over all this is a game rts fans and anime fans will love, and in my opinion a hidden gem within the gaming industry."
76561198069977201,Recommended,263400,8747530,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Warkonst,I find the scenes between battles very funny.I dislike the timed battles.If this is not from an anime or manga it should become one.
,Recommended,263400,8749487,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Ayako Ari,War of the LOLI Tanks
76561198052337412,Recommended,263400,8752964,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,MSJ-06II-C,"What they are...They're cute, they're tanks, they're... slightly insaneWhat they have...They've big guns, they've big hearts (some do), they've a slight suicidal urge and they've CHOKOThe pros:- What stands above- Episodic stile (intro & outro included)- Good story- a good mix of Battleship (the basic principle), Final Fantasy Tactics and co. (moving & equip aspect) and sight range- soundtrack is VERY large in content (somewhat 3CDs I'd say, its splitted in 3 seperate files of .mp3 each with own cover and30 tracks (the 3rd has 31)- For those just wanting to fight there is an option to skip the text/story although I wouldn't recommend that- Replayvalue: GRINDING GODThe cons:- Niche product- If you don't like anthropomorphization and somewhat animestyle girls (look on the storepage) stay wiiiiiide away- If just want 'cool' (yea its subjective) grafic (again just look on the screenshots) do the same- Its a niche product- No english audio, just the text is translated (altough there isn't much spoken text to begin with)It has never quite felt so good to send lil' girls into war (after writing this review I now know that I have a problem)"
76561198043404008,Recommended,263400,8804937,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,WaterLlama,its good any awsome game play but the whole reading thing gets boring.
,Recommended,263400,8838278,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Chiryo,"When visual novel meets strategy game, the result is this game: War of the Human Tanks. Its simplistic art style compliments its simplistic gameplay, making a good game to pass time.Like all visual novels the game has mulitple endings, however, here they are dictated through your performance rather than choices. The banter between the protagonists and his corp is that of slice-of-life anime, giving this war game a relaxed feel to it. As for the music, its quite good, most if not all of the tracks fitting the mood of the situation.However, there are aspects of the game that gripe me. One is the level of grind that one has to do to even develop most of the tech. This is further compounded by the fact that you cannot cut out the animations to save time, so even if you are speed running to farm money, it still eats up a bit of time. Lastly, the game is a little too easy. I personally would have liked to have seen a ""hard"" mode that most Japanese games feature, where you get to start over against more difficult opponents.All in all, a good game to pass time."
,Recommended,263400,8823328,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Kastron Vie,"I need to stop buying games based on their names, eventually I will find ones which are not awsome. Seriously recomend this to anyone who likes advanced wars/fire emblem type games. Its simply glorious and insane ^^"
76561198010791222,Recommended,263400,13176721,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Eyewashere,"Love this game, very cool."
,Not Recommended,263400,14608835,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,🅱ullied Chinatsu,"It's not a battle game. It's a visual novel. and a horrible one at that. In retrospect I wouldn't even pay five dollars for this.This game turned out to be a big dissapointment despite what I had expected of it. I thought I had bought a cute tank game with cute characters cabable of entertaining with an underlying theme of Japanese militiarism and imperialism. I love war games, especially those in which you can play from a Japanese perspective. This game is far from having any historical grasp and instead has no relevence or significance to anything. This in itself can be easily excused however since taking historical viewpoints can be taboo and perhaps lead some people to avoid a game for something more palletable to their sensibilitie. However, actual battle simulation is a complete after thought. Instead, the game is hardly even a game, consisting primarily of visual novel content. I wasn't expecting this game to be a poorly-written visual novel.The visual novel aspects of the game are horrible. The plot is so crushingly bad and the characters flatter than those found in an Ayn Rand novel, setting aside the obvious problem of a) why the hell this has to be a visual novel and b) why muh tank game needs characters with agency to begin with. THEY'RE HUMAN TANKS. I SHOULD BE THE ♥♥♥♥ING COMMANDER AND THAT'S IT. I could express how ♥♥♥♥ing bad the vn is but experience serves best. Spare yourself by not gaining the expereince.Don't buy the game. If you do, skip all the ♥♥♥♥ing dialog. All of it. This is a trash vn with a tiny bit of user controlled combat in between sledgehammer prose and cliche, one-step-below-novice writing. If I could skip everything else I'd just play the battle sequences. In fact the entire game should be the battle sequences, WTIHOUT the destitute attemmpts at plot and characters. And without renaming Japan to Japon. And without Splitting the Empire of Japan into the Empire of Japan and Kingdom of Japan. Just u ♥♥♥♥ing wot m8. What's the purpose of any of this.If the game were just the battles it would be good. The battles could also be a lot better but obviously weren't the focus.edit: changed one little grammer error that didn't convey the correct meaning but left other unchanged"
76561198062563228,Recommended,263400,18336435,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,LoliLord,"TanksKawaii, LoliFighting, Exploding, SmilingHuman Tanks Charge!, Not Turn-basedDefeating, Laughing, LovingFun, ChallengingVictoryA Diamante poem by Jaker(What's a diamante poem? Look it up)"
,Recommended,263400,30362440,Posted: 6 March,all,Miwwa,Yes I love this game <3
76561198098301138,Not Recommended,263400,20097043,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Tubguy,Forgettable. Get it while it's on sale if you're interested in making anime war.
76561198081848869,Recommended,263400,11599983,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Captain Blackadder,10/10 very gooddddddddddddd game!
,Recommended,263400,8715242,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ＷＨＩＴＥＧＩＲＬＳ@ＧＹＭ,WE KUSOGE NOW
76561198035810744,Recommended,263400,8785628,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,planewalka,just........play it
,Recommended,263400,14362545,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Lady Mint,"Learned the definition of save scumming as a result of ""that"". Great rts overall"
76561198007430407,Recommended,263400,9166769,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Yoko Taro >= GOD,BattleShip + real-time.Great Humor & ironic story of military.Well writen (although a bit military common) story.Worth all my penny.
,Recommended,263400,32659607,Posted: 22 June,all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,Fun.
76561198061301128,Not Recommended,263400,14547757,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Ruthic:Bens REAL Lips,You could buy 10 candy bars for better value.
,Recommended,263400,8956721,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,FrenchToastJizz-Senpai,i play alot of VNs when im not playing fps-s and i loved every inch of this game :3~
76561198091638352,Recommended,263400,8958141,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Jotaro McCree,DO YOU LIKE TANKS?DO YOU LIKE CHIBIS?DO YOU LIKE WAR?DO YOU LIKE CUTENESS?DO YOU LIKE TERMAT- I MEAN ROBOTS?if you said yes to any of these GET THIS GAME ^^
,Recommended,263400,8698489,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Andrack,WHERE DO HUMAN TANKS GO WHEN THEY DIE?THEY DON'T GO TO HEAVEN WHERE THE ANGELS FLY.
,Recommended,263400,8725774,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Yadormus,"It's awesome!!. But I want to be multi play.If you update, please add multi play. Thanks.Oh! I want to play 100% orange juice too. And I hope play it soon!!"
,Recommended,263400,8732025,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Marisa,Tonks!
76561198091805269,Not Recommended,263400,34424491,Posted: 22 August,all,ihavenoname,"This game is in an unacceptable technical state, you can either play the game in a painfully small window about 640x480 big or play at the same resolution fullscreen with a now gigantic and pixilated taskbar and mouse-pointer showing all the time. Maybe the game is good maybe not, i havent played past the first few dialog boxes before i closed and uninstalled the game so i can't tell."
,Recommended,263400,25209361,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[Weed] Shelshocker,so far so good...enjoyable. its kinda look like kancolle(shipgirl) but this is kinda simple but not that bad. ^-^
,Recommended,263400,8709977,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Battlecraft,yes
,Recommended,263400,29595792,Posted: 30 January,all,trangalho,.
76561198072988356,Recommended,263400,18563116,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Catnapper,>Stampeded across world>Got all the tanks>Every fight ended as soon as the arty was online>My colleagues respected me>My enemies feared me>Got murdered by a cat>10/10 Strategy Game of the Year
,Not Recommended,263400,9844374,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Xiandrian,It's like Battle ship :o but you can move the ships around and try to locate where the behtches are ~ so yah :3it's fun ~ for a while o-o .... but what's really annoying.. is how when you loose a character in battle xD ... you have to purchase them again... it's fun for the first 3 rounds.. then it just dies out... so yahhh..... purchase this when the price is worth it :3 not that bad ~ but I woldn't really return to it that much.. ( since I bought it.. I'm going to force myself to enjoy this @_@ )
,Recommended,263400,8684145,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Sneeze,i saw a tank but it was inhuman this game is innacurate wtf
76561198010736562,Not Recommended,263400,13874069,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Dechuri,While the art style maybe cute and everything it does not excuse the wall of text that starts it
,Recommended,263400,8689415,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,effit,This game is worse than Hitler
,Not Recommended,263400,11709156,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Sado Invaldi,"I played the first few levels, It was not very challenging. The story is kind of weak and leaves more to be desired."
,Not Recommended,263400,8782949,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,jrizzle8769,"I  know I havnt played this game much, however I played enough to know its terrible. Most of what I have played through was minutes of clicking through text only to reach combat that lasts a 1-2 minutes. Not to mention that combat is unimaginative and dull. After a couple fights I completely lost interest. There are no moving animations at all. This really feels more like a 2-3 dollar title. Ive seen free flash games with better execution."
76561197993443816,Not Recommended,263400,8888820,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,cruster,Total POO. I have no idea what drove me to buy this. Avoid !
,Recommended,263400,8668391,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Avrora,lol hi
76561198026296025,Recommended,263400,10368488,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,OmniGundam777,"This game is amazing!!Setting aside the art style and concept, which by themselves are enough to warrent a test of the demo at least (anime girls as representing tanks! What's not to like?), the gameplay is a very incredible mix of battleship (attacking postions for an enemy that may or may not be there and multisquare units) and chess (moving the units stratigically), although mostly battleship. I myself love stratgey games, but I am nowhere near as good enough to do common tacticts, like attacking on two fronts (On games like, say, Age of Mythology (owned on cd if you wonder why its not on steam page), I would get destroyed if i set the AI above easy. But this game's AI is both easy and challenging at the same time. You can be destroying the enemy one moment, then BOOM! The enemy takes out one of your big hitters. Its a very fun game and i highly recommend it."
,Recommended,263400,8803942,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,BubbNutt,"Oddly entertaining game, I found myself enjoying this game a lot. It's simple which makes it much easier to enjoy compared to games with cramped up huds and thousands of different hotkeys and commands, not that those aren't fun either. It also provides a challenge though the main campaign is mostly straightforward, the bonus maps are much more difficult."
,Recommended,263400,9686191,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,SilentCaay,"Best See-How-OP-You-Can-Make-Your-Units Simulator I've played this year! Not since Disgaea have I had so much fun modding out my units to insane levels. Assault Tanks that can nuke half the battlefield? Scout Tanks than can recon the entire map at once? You can do all that and more in WotHT.I've sunk about 30 hours into the game so far and still haven't beaten it. I was a little hesitant to write a review early on since the game seemed rather simplistic and I was worried it would be too short or not have enough variety to last but the tank development and modding always keeps things fresh and if you like buffing your units up until they're crazy powerful, you'll get plenty out of this game. It may not be as pretty or complex as games like Disgaea or Advance Wars but it's still good in it's own right.I do have some minor quibbles, though. 1) The UI is very unintuitive. I could make a long list of minor tweaks that would make it very much improved but after playing for a couple hours you get used to it. 2) The game is pretty easy. Part of this is due to the fact that you can develop your tanks at your own pace, regardless of the story progression but even then, they could have made the missions more difficult expecting you to develop strong tanks. 3) The game is a little grindy. If you want to keep up on tank development you tend to go through a cycle of: beat a new mission, replay that mission 3 more times to stack extra supplies, proceed to the next missions, beat the new mission, replay that mission 3 more times to stack extra supplies, repeat. It's not terrible since, like I said, the missions aren't that difficult but I feel something could have been done to make replaying missions a little more interesting.Overall it's a fantastic game, though. I highly recommend it if you have any interest in strategy games like Disgaea or Advance Wars."
76561198007681066,Recommended,263400,9589095,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,bobdavis1990,very cute with challenging gameplay  this is a very good rts...who knew. word of warning controls take a bit of geeting use too and way too easy to grow attached to units.
,Recommended,263400,8846061,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,A fun game to it's own right. Made me think a bit more with each playthrough. However that abomination of that cat. That was probably the most fun and frustrating thing in there.
,Recommended,263400,9014360,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Delirium (Quincy),its ok 9/10 gg
,Recommended,263400,8746845,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Myon ♥,"*Starts BF4 warsaw theme*- Cute drawing- Tank customization with modules (you can also assembly better tanks)- Perfect soundtrack- Multiple endingsAnd much more, ONLY in War of the Human Tanks.DUM DUM DUM DUM DUM DUMRated C for Cuteness."
,Recommended,263400,13765713,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Vent Xekart,"This is an interesting little strategy game and by interesting I mean 'quirky'. In a way the gameplay sort of reminds me of Fire Emblem but at the same time it has some differences such as the visual novel-styled cutscenes. The music for this game is decent but it does actually work well with the gameplay and some of the cutscenes.Also, there are a bunch of gags in this game relating to certain tropes/content found in pieces of anime/manga that some would find funny. I'd recommend this to anyone who wants to try something different when it comes to strategy games and I'd also recommend it to people who have a liking for comedy-themed anime such as Azumanga Daioh."
,Recommended,263400,13822130,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Adolf Hitler,If you love anime= buy the game.If you love azumanga daioh= buy the gameIf you are afraid of dying amist the war of human tanks= buy the game.
76561197992982055,Recommended,263400,14413425,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,brown_gaijin,"It took me a while to get used to the RTS layout of the game, not to mention the fog of war.  I also love how you can go through practice rounds with stronger tanks.If you're still on the fence with this, I highly reccomend picking up the free demo.  It has quite the amount of levels."
76561198029447906,Recommended,263400,14490316,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Hoko,"This game had me gripping the edge of my seat, although it is a short game. Maybe 4-5 hours long with no detours, the story was fantastic. It never took itself seriously either and when it did, it was still funny enough to not be serious. I must confess, there were parts that made me sad. [/spoiler]Such as the end when Satou gets shot and you think she's dead.So let me give a rating eh?Audio 10/10 The music fits very well with the game, such as upbeat music when you're dominating and cornered. The opening Theme is just great!Gameplay 10/10 It's a bit clunky at first, but what RTS game isn't? Once you get used to the way things work, it's just a matter of turns until you win, and upgrading never gets boring!Mechanics 9/10 It's like I said, a little bit clunky, and time could pass by faster.Story 10/10: The story is very gripping and well layed out with tons of comedy. Some cliches, but what isn't a cliche today? This game brings new to the table.Overall 9.75: While it's an almost perfect game, the mechanics could use a tiny bit more polish. It's definitely a must play by anime fans everywhere, it's got a little bit of everything for everyone!"
,Recommended,263400,14484293,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Takoluka,"Play for 2 episode...it's like watching 2-4 minute anime but we get involve in it.. very nice gameplay (although it's quite simple)love the comedy to, really make me laugh :3"
76561198047502811,Recommended,263400,14653504,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,killamrix88,"This game is cute, funny, and surprisingly hard. It can feel a little unfair at times, but not enough to make it unfun. It does require some level of patience to play, but it's good. It's challenging, but you can save the game before each battle so, if you wish to, you can reload your save and try again as many times as you want. You can't save mid-battle though, so there's a limit to how much you can exploit your saves.The story will at first feel silly and perhaps even a little dumb, but if you pay attention you'll pick up on some surprisingly dark and even thought provoking undertones.It is certainly a strange game, but so far I have no major complaints. It's certainly worth the price in my opinion."
,Recommended,263400,14643135,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,SerialConvort,"This game is simply a delight if you love visual novels and strategy games, the strategy is well done with a battleship game feel, and the visual novel story has a weird humor and style, which makes it unique for what it is and really stands out as a very good strategy game for 10 dollars.Also you can fight cats, so thats a plus."
,Recommended,263400,16401916,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,hotdog,"Went trough the game with only 1 loss: a cat kick my butt. Dang you Mr. Cat! I also got to use suicide bombers to kill other suicide bombers, not many other games can say that. But seriously though, love this game! While it is shorter than some out there, War of the Human Tanks is a nice pick up (expecially on sale)."
,Recommended,263400,16567484,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Tentacle Bunny,"ok weebz, if you're reading this, you know you're probably going to buy this anyway.This is definitely going to be a crowning peice in not only your collection, but possibly even your casual gameplay, and possibly... possibly even in your hardcore daily gaming folder....Human Tanks: gameplay is kind of battleship meets minesweeper, turn based strategy .... VN?yes. it has VN story elements to it.AND YES! THE STORY IS GOOD! rather aloof, and comedic, with a theme about genius military slackers.Very addictive gameplay. takes a lot to farm/earn your units through several battles.War themed, Vn elements, Turn based strategy, with both storyline and ""intermission"" free battles for farming.This game is hard to describe beyond that.NOTE: The soundtrack for this game is FREAKING AMAZING!!!! if you get this game, you'll also be tempted to buy the soundtrack for it also!!!!This is a must for any vn/otaku/weeaboo strategy/rpg lover.Its hard to compare directly to any other game.... Sunrider: Mask of Arcadius would be... similar, but still not quite close?I almost want to make mention of 100% orange juice, but that also doesn't quite fit at all.Do I reccomend this game? HELL YES. It is well worth its price for the amount of gameplay you can get out of it.The story is pretty damn good too. You'll laugh! You'll be thrilled! You'll cry! you'll have your heart stings pulled this way and that way with smiles and screams.if you didn't understand half the terminoligy I used in describing this, consider that more reason to get this game and expand your horizons. but, be reminded: STRATEGY/VN with battleship/minesweeper elements to the gameplay.I can't quite fully call this an RPG, as tempted as I would be. Strategy/VN is as close as I think I can call it.you'll bond with each of your units, and develop a personal affection for each of them as you send them off to their grisley demises, and when they die.... you may even shed a tear.game has feels.you'll get your usual tank units.light assault, suicide bomber, recon/scout, artillary/long range, etc... as characters. again, somewhat original in their setups, but.... usual strategy roles of scouts/suicide/commander/artillary/heavy etc.and each unit can be upgraded, or researched for improved units. win battles, buy more units. you do not get to buy your units once the game has started, you have to purchase them through your victory earnings before each match. be warned! this can be frustrating for a novice...i think. maybe. but be warned!"
,Recommended,263400,15500194,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Black Wo Shooter,Kawaii tanks.
76561198067574377,Recommended,263400,16664466,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Commander Teizan,"Ah! More Gun, Faster! Daisy Bomb!? Yes!...HIENSOU?!?...YES.Pretty much what you get from the development screen, It gets so rewarding as you progress and pick up more supplies."
,Recommended,263400,16667533,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Lone,"I haven't finished playing the game as of this review but i will proboly finish the game after the reveiew has been posted as far as i have been playing the game, i am enjoying it very much being a commander of human tanks. I have been a big fan of startegy RPG'S and when i looked at the screen shots it looked really interesting and cool. So i bought the game on sale and i was hooked the story so far is okay nothing too impressive but rather really good so much is focused on who your character is and why is he going back to being a comander instaed of being lazy and watching anime all day. Overall the I would give the game 8/10 for anybody that enjoys JRPG's, Strategy Games or Anime in genreal it so worth the price of 10 bucks and if you can get it on sale better because it has so much replay value that you will always be coming back to the game for some JRPG Goodness. Can't wait to buy the next game of the series and as well when the third game when it comes out."
76561198060563146,Recommended,263400,16731454,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,BliZia,This game reminds me of a japanese turn based strategy game called GadgetTrial.Cute and also difficult to beat.
76561198106450958,Recommended,263400,16770743,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Gamer Kirby,A charming story mode filled with intense battles and great sense of humor combined with chibi robots and fun strategic battles this a game to remember. Now you can get the sequel War of the Human Tanks: Alter for even more fun.
,Recommended,263400,18692900,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,okeN,Humanoid tanks with no rights11/10
,Recommended,263400,18479136,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Closed AI (Bot),"Bought this for $4 on steam sale. Best $4 I've spent on steamThe art is clumsy, yes. The character design is simple, yes.But the gameplay is just amazing.It's a semi-turn-based game where each of your units must wait a certain time to act (depending on their speed).It's a strategy game with map control and fog of war. Recon is a big part of the gameIt's an adventure game where you grind resource and develop new tanks and itemsIt's freaking hard and easy at the same time.NOTE: at the beginning you might be baffled with the fact that your tanks die in 1 shot. Later on you can research for bigger tanks that can withstand multiple shots, don't worryThe only cons I found in this game is that it has no Mac client. Seriously wtf, give me Mac client so I can play at work too!!!!"
76561198111911957,Recommended,263400,18657504,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Dammit Rootbeer!,It's a fun grid game about human tanks. Just try to avoid any black cats and you'll be fine.
76561198003161405,Recommended,263400,12202916,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Blossom,Very fun and interesting game that allows one to strategize well and to develop their tanks in a way to win a battle.
,Recommended,263400,12395603,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Atashi Aachenfab! ヽ(｡･ ω<)ゞ,"Awesome game, fun even if you ignore the story (which is cute and fun)"
,Recommended,263400,11829131,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Killer Queen,Buthcher your chibis and they will love you for it10/10
76561198016338883,Recommended,263400,13286490,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,LucidSky,"A great game, if you're into anime, visual novels and a battleship like game. Easily one of the most fun games i own on steam and definitely could easily kill some free time if you're looking to play a quick game. Intense fights and the story is well done with many different upgrade trees for all the different tanks you can make and combos you can use in battle10/10 would recommend to others.P.S 2 more installments of the game are coming soon~"
,Recommended,263400,13130250,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,AkiRyze117,A fun game that has VN elements with the semi active turn-based strategy battle and multiple endings depending on whether you lose a battle or win a battle
76561198091615336,Recommended,263400,13160768,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,A Shinx with Night Goggles,"No. There's no humans inside tanks in this game. Instead tanks in this game are just a term for...erm...female robots? That's all I can gather on what tanks are XDBeing serious now, the game itself is a fun little strategy game which concepts from (from my experience) Risk, Battleship, bit of Checkers, and a bit of Chess. Just to recap so you're not reading paragraph after paragraph of rambling, here's the good bits:- The game board itself relies on a mix of RTS mapstyle, Tetris, and a bit of turned base gameplay. For the RTS style everything on the map except your spawn point is hidden and won't be revealed unless if your ally gets shot by a nearby enemy or you recon the area revealing that bit for a little while (this goes same with the AI in the game, don't mistaken them shooting randomly as an AI fault, they're just as blind as you). Your units also have a timer on them in which they can CONNECT and start moving, so the board does rely on real time to get things going. Usually the heaviest armed unit moves last, and the most mobile unit moves first. This goes same with the enemy, and make sure you plan your moves carefully because if you switch out of an unused unit, it does count as your turn. As for the Tetris bit I mentioned, without spoiling anything in the game, some units take up more space than others, which restricts the number of units you can place on the battlefield. The bigger the better, but that means less tanks to spare, so plan wisely.- The AI is suprisingly good. More than often I find myself being shot by an unknown assailant on the map which forces me to plan more strategically and carefully. They will use their recon units to scope you out, which won't show up on your map as being spotted. Same goes with the AI, if you recon them, chances are you have the upperhand and they can't see you. AIs will use their units as they are meant to be, usually sending fast units in first to cushion up your army for their heavier units in the back.- Unit development, assembly, and earning money for units to develop and build is great. Every upgrade has a better trait than the last. Small complaint: I do find myself grinding a bit for better units to beat the next chapter. Losing doesn't affect you for most of the game but I'd rather keep winning ^^- The storyline is great. Not expecting golden novel material here since I'm just a casual gamer, but I find the dialogue to be pretty well done. It looks as if the writing was edited after translation so I appreciate the effort put into this.- The music is great. I'm loving the variety of songs available in this game.- Controls are really simple. It's mostly a point and click kinda game so you won't need to bind lots of keys to make the game work.- Preformance of the game is great, since this is an indie game based on board game-like mechanics it doesn't require the highest build out there to run. I would argue that this could run on any computer just fine :DJust a few bits I wanna discuss about:- I find the noise of gunfire and explosions to be too excessively used in the dialogue sections of the game as well as the screen shaking effect. Expect lots of shaking and loud noises when you're going through these scenes.- This game will deter people who just wanna play the game and enjoy the story but on a limited time. The dialogue sections themselves are worth a full chapter of a novel (if you take your time) in real time to read and understand for most of the time. Just a head warning: if you get the game, hope you like reading because there is lots of it.- Music can get pretty obnoxious at times especially during the cutscenes, thankfully there's a full on custom sound tool that allows you to turn it off when it needs to be off.- This game has an ongoing morbid humour of treating tanks (I wanna call them androids) like expendibles. If you're not into that kind of thing then you can just skip the cutscenes if you want (the game has that option).- The AI can be predictable since spawns are set and not randomized. If you're the type to play this game for hours on the same map, expect to see a pattern on how the AI behaves and where they spawn. No this doesn't mean they become ENTIRELY predictable, I had that mistake happen to me once on the same map on the 11th playthrough and had three of my tanks destroyed by a sniper, which never happened in the past games.All in all, it's a fun little game to play. Looking forward to seeing what they'll add in the future (on their site they said they're planning to add more content). Have fun!"
76561198082928276,Recommended,263400,14086963,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,DaiReith,Surprisingly good.
76561198107073015,Recommended,263400,14118919,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,tvdraco,The characters are adorable and the story is more thought provoking than anything on Network Television nowadays. The gameplay is like chess but slightly worse. You don't get a theme song with chess though so... Great game.
,Recommended,263400,13967124,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Firefighter - Koto,Story at 25% done but it's been so much of a blast ...I really love this story as well but could use some voices since there is a lot of reading.9/10! but I also should say the music track isn't bad :P ... Jaming to it right now!
76561197990702364,Recommended,263400,14013759,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Dillan,"A very nice game. It has an awesome Soundtrack and it's fun playing. What do you want more? I had much fun with this game and i recommend this to the people out there, which love cute, strategy games.10/10 Would shoot the Tank again."
76561198057187563,Recommended,263400,13934913,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Pikanyaa,Like Fire Emblem but with human tanks Choko/10
,Recommended,263400,13988100,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Ranen,"Wonderfully fun and light-hearted comedy anime story, with an amazing blend of Battleships TBS gameplay and simplified Disgaea-esque customization. Can pick up and play or binge for a while, I'll be playing this one for many more hours to come - hopefully it has enough content!"
76561198120190177,Recommended,263400,14105414,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Conrado,Funny Kawaii Tanks...\o/
,Recommended,263400,30494043,Posted: 13 March,all,Droitzel,"Quirky, charming, and suuuuuper fun. Positively hilarious if you unlock the right upgrades before the tanks that can dodge appear. Even before that, I enjoyed the derpy characters, the rather unique soundtrack, and, of course, the chibi tanks. :DNote: The side missions are so worth playing it's not even funny. Trust me."
,Recommended,263400,8891774,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Gretel Mk Monkey,"Basically a much more complex version of Battleship with a story and an amazing soundtrack. It's surprisingly fun to play and while the story isn't excellent, it's fun to follow due to how silly it's majority of the time. Plus the soundtrack is great. The combat is quite fun and it feels rather fair. And most importantly, the soundtrack is awesome....Did I already tell the soundtrack is stunning? That's enough good reason to play the game (or to buy the soundtrack)."
,Recommended,263400,14838166,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Ludrik,"*Try Demo first just in case.Think of Battleship the board game and throw in Real-time Turn Based System, Manga-styled Characters.Was rather enjoyable.7.5 out of 10"
,Recommended,263400,14689019,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Nicolas Rage,"It's like Battleship, but with anime characters and insane weaponry.War of the Human Tanks is a strategy game that parodies anime. It progresses forward by Episodes, each with their own interesting interactions between characters and lots of plot and filler alike. The game gives a few light jabs at various anime tropes, but still manages to keep itself on course with a coherent and easy-to-follow plot.The visuals in War of the Human Tanks can be described as ""simple yet pleasing"". The game wasn't made to be a work of masterful art, but the chibi approach in character design gives the game an adorable feel, despite the occasionally grim approach in it's plot. The art of War of the Human Tanks fits well for what it is made for, but would most likely be considered too simplistic for other games.The soundtrack iin the game is, at times, repetitive, but can be rather catchy. I find it nice to listen to the music, and rather enjoy the shifts in themes depending upon the scenario that the main character approaches. There isn't much to be desired, since the game itself is made in a simplistic format. I'd personally recommend leaving the sound on during gameplay.The gameplay is where War of the Human Tanks really shines. With a Battleship-style of approach, the player must use their Human Tank units to scour a battlefield board and find the opposition and their minions. With Fog of War playing a large role in the game, scouts and other techniques are needed to find out just where the enemy might be hiding. This makes the game, at times, challenging. But it makes the victories more than worth it, leading every kill on the field to be a satisfying one, and every surprise attack to be exhilerating. As the game moves on, the player can upgrade units and add accessories to them to improve performance, eventually creating your own crack ""super squad"" of Human Tanks. Players will find that later in the game, the accessories can give them a better edge with every upgrade, and the units get more powerful and insane weaponry. Even a cat.Overall, War of the Human Tanks is a fun game that is worth a few dollars if you have the chance to buy it. It's not a game for the serious, but a good game for casual time-killing and one that adds a good rewards system for effort. There is a decent plot with multiple endings to be achieved, and a number of mildly difficult battles to face along the way. Don't be afraid of trying it out. It's worth the effort, and the presentation of the plot will have you playing right to the end to get the most of it.Also, keep some Cola handy. Human Tanks love it."
,Recommended,263400,14782852,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,trisim,"This gam is extremely fun for the hours that i have played it, it has hard and well though out maps as well have a great story line, but the only downside is the amount of battles you do are short its still a good game8/10"
76561198003551378,Recommended,263400,14202674,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SakuraRonin,seriously great game
76561198085338173,Recommended,263400,13538638,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,iron war dog,it a fun game get g good story and lot of strategy you will be on adventure if you buy the game
76561198067330202,Recommended,263400,23771121,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,InsaneSeishiro,"It's a nice little indie-strategy game, that has it's mainfocus on fog of war and one-hit kills per unite, making it more of a game around vision then anything.The story, while beeing a little weird, was overall quite enjoyable and the unites all felt rather unique.My mainproblem with the game was the optionsmenue, like many anime-style-games you can't really get it to a good resolution easily and many other funktions from the options seem to be rather lackluster as well, but the game is still playable and said problems are small enough to still recommend this game."
,Recommended,263400,25141619,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Squareslug,"War of the Human Tanks is a game I really really really wanted to like. Seriously, it's awesome! However, a few things really killed my interest in continuing this game any further than I did.First, the game really shines in the story and character development department. It had me completely interested from the get-go. The story centers around a war between two empires using human tanks. They're pretty much just machines that look like humans. They are fully at the command of the leaders to live and die in battle, despite their human appearances. You play as the army unit that's just been released from a 'frozen state' to help take back critical objectives. A bunch of ... oddballs that are completely hilarious!! haha.The music in this game? AMAZING. You can hear some of it in the trailer above. I really enjoyed what i heard throughout my time with the game. The art works well enough too! More of an anime-ish look to everything.However, the gameplay is where I really struggles to enjoy this game to the fullest. You run around on hexagonal tile sets, where fog of war really rules the surrounding area. Think of a game of battleship, where you fire into unknown areas and hope to hit something. Everything in this game dies in one hit. It works well enough but your units only move a couple of spaces at a time so it feels really slow. Then on top of that, you have a strict time limit, so if your RNG is bad ... you run out of time and fail the mission. Honestly, it happened more times than I would have liked and I grew frustrated with it before long.I still recommend playing this game because you might not mind the gameplay as much as i did! It's an excellent little indie game that I got on sale for $3 and still managed to get about 3 hours of game time in."
76561198114916015,Recommended,263400,24520427,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,odecabode,buy this game pls
,Recommended,263400,25110434,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,一式陸上攻撃機,"Great gamePlayed for 1.1 hours as of now.One hit one kill for both teamsFog of war is your biggest enemy and friend.Seriously, if you dont scout you die"
,Recommended,263400,16123988,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Dean,its like a warwith human tanksi hope this helps
,Recommended,263400,29853432,Posted: 11 February,all,Air Man,"Love this game. It plays like the most adorable match of chess, the story is very well put together and the characters are likable - which is pretty unusual for such a cheap game! Definently recommend this if you enjoy turn-based strategy games!"
76561198042321738,Recommended,263400,29790627,Posted: 8 February,all,MrDarkShadow,"Art Style: Okay, The characters were very cute and the backgrounds match the setting. +1Combat Style:  Pretty Good, semi turn based  on a grid location.  Your units have a speed value, that value is how quickly your units can act.  while your units are charging, so are the enemies, so they can act just as you click a unit, if it was fast enough. +3Story:  NICE!:  Didnt think the story would make me feel, well anything, I was very wrong.  I actually felt bad when I lost tanks reguardless if they were a special unit or a suicide tank (only used them when I had no choice Ex. Cat and achievements). +4Tech Progression:  A combination of using money (mostly) and older model tanks to get stronger/bigger tanks.  There is also a requirment of a tank you can only get from continueing the storyline.  Therefor with ""freebattle"" you can grind early for good stuff, but it also prevents you from getting VERY BIG stuff.  +210/10 worth $5-10, although i got it on sale for a few bucks."
,Recommended,263400,30011747,Posted: 18 February,all,Tofu,It's all fun and games until you get to that damned cat map.You do not know pain until you've experienced its fluffy hell.
76561198300297476,Recommended,263400,35290467,Posted: 29 September,all,ThreeLeggedFeline,"Really fun and lovable little strategy game.The developers marry solid gameplay with a bizarre, funny and at times downright dark storyline. There are several routes, depending on the outcome of certain battles, and you carry over your progress from the previous playthrough so it's easier to build and retain stronger units (still haven't beaten that sodding cat though...). It's pretty fun upgrading, and trying out new methods - the game doesn't force you to play a certain way, though some battles are easier when you follow its advice.For me the real highlight was the story. It's weird, with an episodic structure like an anime (complete with opening and ending theme) and that signature ability to portray the horrific as cute and light, while never completely glossing over its more sinister aspects. The game doesn't make an overt point about the morality of manufacturing a hybrid of human and machine (it's never entirely clear what goes into a human tank - how much is organic? how much is mechanical? - and the ambiguity serves it well) with restricted intelligence, a dog-like loyalty and an unwavering belief in their human superiors who self-destruct when they reach their 'limit', which, in my opinion, creates depth and focuses the action on the characters themselves. The silly humour only adds to the underlying darkness.Overall, a fairly unique indie game with great gameplay and (in my humble opinion) an even greater story."
