user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,263520,13062109,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,RiotJayne,"Being a psychological horror fan, I can never get enough of complex stories that need to be pieced together, spliced with dark tense atmospheric environments reflecting the nature of psychological despair. They're the kind of games I'm always on the hunt for, and the games from my youth that I miss the most.I bought Enola on a whim because it was described as a psychological horror, and I have to say, Enola delivers; the story is intricate and full of moral grey areas which slowly unfold as you explore the environment, the puzzles are well designed and remind me of old school point-and-clicks or classic survival horror games, and the atmosphere is just tense enough to keep you on edge all the way through, even the pacing is executed beautifully.Enola may not be an action packed game with all the bells and whistles of mainstream titles, but it has a slight retro charm (in all the best ways) which brings me back to playing my favorite horror titles as a kid. For an indie game, and clocking in at over six hours of gameplay, it is well worth the price point. If you're a fan of retro horror point-and-clicks or psychological horror titles, you will love this. If Silent Hill 2 and Gone Home had an indie child, it would be this game."
,Recommended,263520,22596854,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Marona,"First off, if you were a victim of♥♥♥♥♥♥ sexual abuse, child abuse, and/or any of above, it is best not to play this game. Steer clear from it. This will probably trigger your past moments. I know there are people in this world who are victims of such things, and playing this made it feel so real. I'm not kidding.Right. Now onto the review.Enola is a psychological story about your girlfriend named Angelica. You play as Enola, and yes you're a girl, and I'm talking about the girl on girl lesbian love, not best friend love. About Angelica...let's just say she did not have a pleasant past.Graphics:I love the detail of the objects and stages in the game. The only problem, however, are the human figures you come across. They were kinda weird and didn't sync right. I find that the areas get more disturbing in Nightmare Mode than Normal Mode. It's not gorey based or anything, but has some blood in it and pictures that will easily burn into your brain. Other than that, the areas of the game give it more of a vintage style with a hint of steampunk.Voice Acting:The voice acting is pretty good. Whoever did Angelica's voice did a great job, especially when it comes to expressing her sorrow and anger. Astrid's voice sounds a bit weird...like an evil teenage high school student-type voice. Enola's voice acting was okay, except at the beginning of the ending, it sounded like she just recited her lines. However, her crying and screaming were good. Finally, ""The Monster's"" voice acting was spot-on perfect. The guy really put himself in the game there, acted like a monster for sure. Out of all the voice actors, I'd pick him to be the best.Gameplay:The game has a small, yet simple inventory system. It counts the lamps you come across during the game, as they reveal a little extra at the end of the good ending. As for the difficulty curve, it's more of a ""spike up"" at certain times, as a few times you'll feel so stumped that you may have to search or check for guides for help.In the game, you come across choices of murdering certain people, which will affect the ending. The game as a save feature, where you interact with Music Boxes to save. There is a battle system. Randomly, you come across shadowy figures and you must click the mouse and mash the W,A,S,D keys to defend yourself.With the recent update, it has two modes: Normal and Nightmare. Nightmare mode is like a small expansion pack with increase difficulty and to collect crystals, which will reveal Angelica's and Enola's moments together. Collecting crystals will affect the ending as well.The problem I have with this game is the constant bugs. So far, there is only one gamebreaking bug and one bug that is fixable using the console. Otherwise, most bugs are either aesthetic and/or annoyances that can kill you. Luckily, the game gives you plenty of moments to save. The developer is also active in assisting players to this day (and even assisted me with my guides for the game :D ), which I must give props for. The console is also enabled to help combat the bugs as well or to speed through the game.Story:The story focuses on Enola and Angelica. As I said, Angelica did not have a pleasant past so start to feel here. You play as Enola, her girlfriend. One day, she just disappears, and suddenly you're in a strange world. As you play through the story, you understand Angelica's traumatic past, her parents, and how she met Enola. You come across letters that communicate with you and lamps that reveal Angelica's parent's past and some facts about Enola. I could reveal more, but I think the first paragraph at the beginning of the review will give you an idea of what it is like.Overall:Regardless of the many bugs and some strange stuff with the graphics, Enola is an indie horror game that shines. What makes the game awesome is the immersive story and great voice acting that makes you feel for the characters in the story. Most horror enthusiasts think that it takes blood, gore, and disfigured people to make you scared. However, Enola apparently knows which strings to pull to make you feel disturbed, sad, and even scared without the above.Pros:-Great horror story.-Unique characters.-Pretty good graphics.-Great voice acting.Cons:-Buggy at certain points of the game, but you can still play through without coming across them.-Some weirdness in graphics related to human models.-Increase of difficulty at certain points of the game."
,Recommended,263520,31139703,Posted: 14 April,all,Malkavian,"Content Warning:If you, or a loved one, have ever experienced trauma regarding sexual assault or abuse, this game might not be for you. It is purposefully cruel in that it exploits the inherent darkness of love, trauma, redemption and revenge. Ultimately though, the narrative is pure and delivers a positive message on loving relationships dealing with trauma. This review may contain spoilers.Enola is a story-driven game with an intricate plot that needs to be pieced together in a non-linear fashion by navigating a dark, tense atmosphere reflecting psychological despair. You play as Enola, the female protagonist, who has to survive a macabre world conjured by the tortured memories of her lover, Angelica. This world has fragments reminiscent of Silent Hill, but in a different way. This game pushes the emotional boundaries of the player to make them feel desolated and isolated in an already surreal and tormented world. The gameplay is mainly driven through first-person exploration and puzzle solving. I must reiterate that this game is not easy, especially for players who have experienced trauma. You will learn about disgusting acts of violence committed to your lover as you try to navigate a nightmarish landscape.Most of the obstacles you face in the game are hellish mechanical contraptions designed by the most disturbed minds. In addition, there are a few enemies, dubbed ‘Shadow Man’ or ‘Monsters’ that will attempt to sexually assault you, and you must fight back and escape. Enola is also a thematically driven game. Your morality, your thoughts on justice, redemption, revenge and forgiveness will be put to the test. At one point, you will be tasked with deciding whether to ‘spare’ or ‘kill’ people who have committed a series of crimes of varying degrees. These choices are incredibly crucial, and will determine the sort of ending you obtain. Moreover, at least in my personal experience, they made me reflect on my opinions regarding punishment and to what extent I will become a ‘monster’, or kill, in order to save the life of my partner. Enola is also beautifully designed through the Unreal Engine. Mansions reminiscent of Victorian-era architecture, underworld cavern levels that transition into industrial hellscapes and red skies brewing an apocalyptic storm are but few examples of a unique and interesting creative design.Lastly, although I enjoyed this game a lot, I feel I need to mention some bugs that I encountered.. For instance, sometimes you will obtain a key that is supposed to unlock a gate but the game will not register it. Fortunately, the solution is easy and just involves quitting and restarting, so save often! Another minor bug is that occasionally if you run the game, it will seem as if the world and your character are constantly vibrating for some reason – luckily it goes away after a few seconds, but it can be annoying if you are playing a crucial part of the game. If you notice any other bugs, or these solutions do not work or you are stuck in any sense, go to the Community Hub. The developers are well aware of these slight issues and not only has he developed a guide for the game to comment and address the community’s concerns.If you enjoy the way I review games, join and follow my curator group! It comes with a fun discord channel for horror fans to chill and game.Malkavian Madness"
76561198131393059,Recommended,263520,19187846,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ScareCAT,"I am continually amazed at how story rich many games are becoming and I love it. This game, Enola, takes the narrative to whole new level. I wouldn't call it just a story though, nor just a mystery, or even just horror game either. It is a look at what happens when evil propagates in those who are the victims of evil. And it does it beautifully. I have found myself thinking about the meaning behind this game (and how often have I done that? Not a lot I can assure you) ever since I began playing it yesterday. It reminds me of a very good novel with twists, turns, interpretations and perceptions playing into how one sees the game. The graphics and art are magnificent. and more creepy than I am able to put into words. I felt like I was wandering the halls of a mad inventers haunted house much of the time. My only grip with the game is the difficulty I had opening doors at times BUT that might be my computer mouse as I think it might be glitching out on me. All in all this game deserves a look if you enjoy horror, good stories, and mystery. To say more might ruin it.  Well written, well developed, plays smoothly, and beautiful, Enola will stick with you long after you are done I think... 10/10"
76561198027004810,Not Recommended,263520,16556987,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,lady_dreamwyn,"Despite all the positive reviews of Enola, my husband and I just ended up disappointed.The game is dark, and by that, I don't mean the tone (though that is pretty dark too). I mean even with the brightness all the way up, it's impossible to see where you're going in some parts. That wouldn't have been a deal breaker, but it means that navigating to the next part of the game becomes virtually impossible. We simply could not find our way no matter how much we looked around.Enola seemed okay at first, with a decent atmosphere and a curious story. But aside from the inability to see, the puzzles Enola offers up are extremely simple, rendering that part of the game a bit boring. It's an exploration game that's too dark to properly explore, and a puzzle game with no challenge, and that's not a mix I can recommend."
76561198151010981,Recommended,263520,12819080,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Prof. Genki,"I want to go ahead and say that I'll be doing a review when I actually beat the game as well. Enola is one of those games that isn't going to be remembered for it's graphics, or framerate, or anything really game related. Enola is a psychological horror game (to me at least so far) that's all about exploring the darkness of the mind of your girlfriend, Angelica, and discovering what the mind does to you after a series of terrible events. Without giving t much aware, Angelica went through some pretty godawful things in her past, and it's haunted her to this day, so far that she descends into madness, and you, Enola, have to take a step into that madness to save the woman you love.  Now, off the bat, this game doesn't look as good most, and the sound isn't great, but for what the game is going for in terms of: creating a world that makes no sense and isn't for the weak of willed, or stomachs. The game throws you into creepy mannequin ladies, an eerie island, and cryptic clues scattered everywhere as to what's going on. From what I've played through so far, it's an interesting game with a lot of interesting ideas, even if it could look better. The controls are a bit stiff, but my experience so far has been a great build-up to whatever resolution lies as the end of this mystery. If you want a dark but interesting thriller kind of game, I reccommend this so far. I don't know if this will be my final opinion though,  so I can't completely confirm it yet, but so far it's be enjoyable enough to reccommend to others!"
,Not Recommended,263520,12160403,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Invalid Search Result,"I honestly wish I've never spent those 7$If I could' I'd rather just donate those to charity or set flames to them.Because there is only so far you can use videogames as a medium for pushing whatever agenda you may have.But if you want me to rate the ""game"" aspects, so here goes.-Shoehorned ""horror"" via meager jumpscares.-Below average graphics, especially for a game made with UDK.-Unpolished and bugged, seeing how I was able to trigger the script that spawned keys in one room by repeatedly re-entering.-God-awful VA, trying it's best to imitate Amnesia and failing horribly.-Baby-tier puzzles. More than once there was a note that explained the solution laying right next to the puzzle itself.-Minimal gamepay in general. Remove the puzzles, and it's just a walking simulator with occasional NPC popping up to either chase you for the span of 1 room, or yet another note to read."
76561198048974498,Recommended,263520,16240002,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,rjmacready,"First up, yes, this game does have some fairly ""heavy"" and/or ""dark"" themes that it explores.  Get over it, boys and girls!  Are we seriously at a stage in human development where art forms purporting to work in the ""horror"" genre need to wear kid gloves?  For ♥♥♥♥'s sake.  GROW UP.  On to the next non-controversy, then...Yes, this is basically just a ""walking simulator"", with a couple of tricky puzzles, a bit of timing-based ""trap"" avoidance, a couple of enemies to outrun or hide from, and a tiny bit of ""combat"" governed by quick-time button mashing.  So why I am about to give it a pretty decent review?  'Cause within these confines, and given its obvious low-budget/""indie"" credentials, IT'S REALLY GOOD.It's moody, atmospheric, interesting, and even has a couple of decent ""jump scares"" for added measure.  Is it going to frighten the bejesus out of you more than, say, Outlast?  No.  Not on an immediate, ""superficial"" level, certainly.  Is it going to completely change/""shatter"" your world?  Probably not, unless you're one of the big babies I alluded to in the first paragraph of this review.  It's a game, it's a short game, but it's a GOOD game.  Not earth-shattering...but good.  Solid.  Well worth playing.  Possibly not worth the full asking price of $14.99, so you may want to wait for a sale.But if you want a genuinely intriguing - if largely derivative - ""indie"" horror game with a bit of a story, you can do a heck of a lot worse than this.  Plus, as an added bonus, it has LESBIANS, if that's the kind of thing that floats your boat (though it's not quite as good as Gone Home, just for the record, and the end ""boss battle"" is just straight-up ♥♥♥♥ing LUDICROUS).Verdict: 8/10."
76561198014906902,Recommended,263520,22374441,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Alexandros,Nice and complicated story. Multiple endings. Every player can draw his own conclusions and give different explanations. One thing is sure that you will scare and feel the agony of the character.Grades: From 1-5 ( not satisfied at all 1 - 5 very satisfied).Plot: 5Graphics: 4Gameplay: 4Control: 4Music: 5Animations: 4Environment: 4Sounds/Dialogs: 5Cinematic Videos: 4Difficulty: 4Average: 4.3
76561198124078924,Not Recommended,263520,17808501,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Stratches,"I love the mature themes, but this is an inconstant, budget-quality adventure game. After several hours, I surrendered while being repeatedly crushed under a pillar. *CRUSHED UNDER A PILLAR* in a story-driven adventure game! Not cool!"
,Not Recommended,263520,12231124,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,MoonSafari,horrible mechanics and the story is sh**. couldn't get into it.
76561198054283244,Recommended,263520,31169524,Posted: 15 April,all,robertcadav,"The world or Enola is very intresting.  You will come across desolate beaches, majestic waterfalls and strange trees that seem to drop lumincent leaves and much more. Exploration is fun especially in more open areas. There is a subtle but noticeable steam punk infleunce that shows up in machinery and dress.My favorite areas of Enola are those that are very dark, shrouded in a sort of purple fog and allow you to explore various buildings and attractions.Gameplay amounts to exploration, solving puzzles,very minor platforming,and a little bit of hiding/dogeing enemies. Surprising to say there is no combat in this game, but I felt so engaged I almost forget. When and if you do get caught by an enemy you can smash the WASD keys to voilently escape your enemies which is as close to combat as you will get.Story is ify. I didnt particularly enjoy it but its not terrible I guess. There are multiple endings you can get so replay value is pretty good . I spent 7 hours on nightmare mode to finish it so maybe you can push it and finish it in 4-5 hours since you will wont get stuck anywhere.Overall Enola gave a good lasting impression. It was good enough to hold my attention for 7 hours straight. I would rate it at a 7.5/10"
76561198141804718,Recommended,263520,26801590,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,blood 1504,when I first saw this web page on steam a couple of years ago  Enola had  a High  negative review rate.   With some  very bad reviews . The number one complaint being that  the game was not what the reviewer was expecting and the second complaint being that the reviewer was unable to get past a certain area . In the game . This I can understand as the promotional video for the game seems to show cut scenes and is not representative of actual game play . However The game developer seems to have been working very hard to try to help people with his game and he did something most game developers do not do he left access to the developers panel in the game .  Which makes it very easy to   get through.The  story of the game is that you are Enola.  angelicas lesbian lover You are traveling through  her mind and the pain of  her past to find her.Lets talk about   game playwhat you will be doing through most of the game is   trying to find the key  or lever for  to the door for the next area or to  solve the puzzle to lead you into the next area.  There are a couple of   enemy's that are easy to deal with. The challenge of this game is to get through the various obstacles and solve the puzzles to advance to the next section .Warning  some of the puzzles are Math based . If like me you hate math  you may not find this enjoyable.  Throughout the game you learn more and more about  angelica through lamps that you pick up. Each of which has  words that are attributed to a character in angelicas life there are various possible endings based upon choices you make in the game  . You can also unlock various costumes for  EnolaNudity and Graphic contentYes there is female  nudity  in this  game     But the nudity is not there to  be sexually arousing. But to show horror and  venerabilityThe following scene does not appear at any time in this game   To give you an idea as to how the nudity looks in this game  . Imagine that you are a homeless person and you wonder into a back ally where  a garbage bin is  at the back of  a sex toy shop .You look on the  ground and lying next to the bin is what looks like  a nude woman  . On closer examination you see that it is one of those   sex dolls    The sex doll  it is covered in rat excrement and cockroaches are crawling in and out of its  orifices .  You can see the sex doll looked good at one time. But it is now nothing but a peace of silicone plastic trash . That is what the nudity looks like in this game .In the last few hours of  playing Enola I was so frustrated I was going to give it a negative review. Had trouble gettiing past some  blades.This is not an easy game to get through .   However if you read the game guide on this sight it makes the process much fasterhaving said that my recommendation for this game is to pick  it up on sale. If you feel you will like  the game play as described above .
,Recommended,263520,14813830,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,vogue_piggy,"First of all, I have never seen such a helpful developer in the community hub! Everytime I had to look up some parts that I was stuck at, the team had already answered the question. That's how you do it!Anyway, Enola is something that I have never played before. I love the old school graphics, even though I have the feeling that it can't really decide if it wants to be super good, or classic. While playing, I thought how fitting the ""Shadow of Memories"" graphics would have been for this game.Dream come true though! This game wins my heart for bringing a female character into horror - even with selectable costumes! Fantastic!But that's exactly where my next point of criticism comes in. I read about the problems that made this game go for first-person camera in the community hub, but I wish it wasn't.Why would I need a pretty character and costumes if I can only look in one mirror throughout the whole game? I feel like this choice is my biggest issue with ""Enola"".Some moments truly felt like typical Silent Hill camera opportunities. Maybe the mix between chase cam and fixed perspective like in Silent Hill 3 would have been perfect.The story itself is really interesting and unfolds itself after only a couple of minutes. I liked the ideas and the risk of it all. I actually ran through most parts of this game, just because I was scared that something would happen. The melancholic and dark mood really makes it worth playing. There are some really annoying, tough parts in it, but that's how games should be from time to time.I hope that the team will continue to work on Enola so it can keep up with the big names here on Steam. It has all that it takes to be a horror hit!"
76561198130767441,Recommended,263520,14942010,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,stv.kelley,"The negative reviews are valid criticisms of the sometimes glitchy video design, but the story is so compelling and the horror is top-notch. I felt it worth the price and the week or so in exploring this disturbing and creative world and story."
76561198112464101,Recommended,263520,20859598,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,TaeTae,"I dont know how i never heard of thsi game.  However, i am so very glad i did, it was awesome, had me sucked in from the moment i  began playing.  Total Thumbs Up!!!!!!  Does anyone know of games similiar to this, i feel like i have played every dark, emmersive  game there is."
,Not Recommended,263520,21833718,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Neometalero,"Enola managed at first to catch my attention with the story, but quickly I was driven away by the awful sounds, lame animations, and bad 3d modeling and lightning. The gameplay is boring and don't give the player any sense of purpose or direction. I didn't managed to find any enemy,"
,Recommended,263520,22690772,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Shé,"Not gonna lie, this game was pretty awesome. I mean, not the fact your girlfriend was r a p e d and brutally beaten, but the story takes this game to a whole new level. Gameplay was amazing. Nice mix of a dark atmosphere, spooky music and jump scares. But besides a story rich game it has the rep to be bug rich. I have never come across any bugs playing this game ssooooo there's that. I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone. Also lesbians ツ"
,Not Recommended,263520,20879092,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Crimson,"I really, really wanted to like this game. It looked like a good horror game from all the previews and images.I'll start with the good. The atmosphere is good, makes you think anything can jump out at you at any moment. It's a pretty game too. Control mechanics are simple, mouse to examine/use, shift to sprint, etc.Now for the bad. Mouse sensitivity is crazy fast and there's no way you can adjust it. Brightness settings really doesn't make anything brighter, just adds a white sheen to everything. There are notes that are supposed to explain the story/help you solve puzzles, but they're extremely vague. One of the puzzles was terrible because once you tried and failed, you were immediately killed with no warning and the only way to solve it was through trial and error at least 10 or more times.  The game is also apparently not very long because I tried to look up a guide to the puzzle described above and all I could ever find was half hour video guides. The story would've been good if it hadn't been so spread out and worded so vaguely.Overall, I would honestly not recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,263520,24302074,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Substar,"Game is dark as midnight on a moonless night and not in a good way. Even with brightness turned all the way up I found it difficult to get around. The story is morbid and interesting, but was poorly written with typos galore. I could not finish the game due to a glitch, can not recommend."
,Recommended,263520,26169599,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Ali Kharazi,"An extremely dark game as far as its main theme goes. The gameplay is pretty basic. Some small puzzles to solve and you aren’t really in danger except for a few occasional jump scare situations and traps that can easily be avoided. The game runs smoothly. There was one glitch I ran into, but there was an easy solution for it online.Bottom Line: If you’re looking for a casual adventure game with not-so-casual themes, then you should get Enola."
,Not Recommended,263520,22737194,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ＳＣＨＯＯＬＧＩＲＬ,"Enola shows a lot of promise with its brutal story and atmosphere-dripping environments, but the bad voice acting, bloated level design, schizophrenic art design and mind-boggling number of game-breaking bugs and glitches make this impossible to recommend to anyone. If you want an indie, rough-around-the-edges yet still endearing horror game, go play Master Reboot instead."
,Not Recommended,263520,22716301,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ciabaros,"Ok, so I wrote a bad review, then deleted it, because the game really is interesting once you get around some annoying nuances.. then I got to the factory, and specifically the room with the spiked crushing columns (biologist).. How do you make an effort to make a game with an elaborate story, interesting concept and then obviously not thoroughly test your trap puzzles. I get something being hard, but when just touching a column (without it crushing you, or touching the spikes) kills you and you make timing extemely tight and critical AND you can't precisely guage (due to first-person) your character's location or exact height... thanks for wasting my time to even get into this game, and then putting in a portion that I would have to carefully study your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ programming/design (nothing to do with skill), just to get past one point..."
,Not Recommended,263520,32020647,Posted: 28 May,all,Evaheist,"I really wanted to like this game but the interesting concept is stretched out too thin by the bad gameplay mechanics. Boring puzzles and bland, broken imitations of ""hide and seek"" mechanics found in Outlast or Amnesia, glitchy graphics and inconsistent exploration and level design.On the plus side, the atmosphere is occassionally very well done and the themes and imagery explored are very mature and can make some people feel uncomfortable. Sound design is hit-or-miss.There's good horror to be found here but you have to work for it. The gameplay is bland and I would have enjoyed this game more if it was a simple walking simulator with a more cohesive design and plot. Give it a try if it's on sale but don't expect to be blown away by any regards."
76561198038203640,Not Recommended,263520,23394997,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,dargoncophe,"If Enola had been released in 2005, then the graphics, controls, and level design still would have been subpar. Though I can give props for the plot, I'm not interested in stomaching the actual meat of the game to find it. I've played it only a little less than an hour at this point, but its production value traps any depth it might have in the realm of the Lifetime Original Movie. I honestly believe that this game should never have been sold; free download perhaps. I would have just stuck it on an HDD and never released it at all."
76561198042693141,Recommended,263520,15101683,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Saturni Profile update,Enola is kind of a mind♥♥♥♥ game... the time i have been playing this i expected a jump scare almost around every door or something so it keeped me on edge8/10
,Recommended,263520,25561242,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Kath Graven™,"This game helped me to overcome my fears, funny huh?11/10 - Would overcome my fears again."
76561198209341245,Recommended,263520,28867607,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,JOSEPH Y,"scary, i llove it,"
,Recommended,263520,18982312,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Crying Wolf,"I loved it.  Though my original ending was rather lame, upon my second playthrough in Nightmare mode, I loved the game much more.  It has some really dark themes and some adult imagery, but I foudn it refreshing from many games of a simulair play style.  It wasn't really a ahrd game, and the puzzles were fun at times.  My only original issue with the game is the facotry level seemed to drag on, though it affects the ending of your game more than any other chapter of the game itself"
,Recommended,263520,30661446,Posted: 21 March,all,KookyGal,She hates me!
,Recommended,263520,15045664,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"It's not pretty. Because sexual violence against women should never be shown in any way other than as a terrible act of crime, especially in games.The voice acting here is absolutely terrific: innocent happiness in the girl's tone change drastically into raw pain and uncontrollable anger, creating the living believable character.The game, however, is far from being perfect on it's technical and design sides and deserves more polishing and more visual quality in general."
76561198004310606,Recommended,263520,17806009,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Cataclysm,I enjoyed Enola very much. The atmosphere and sound are great! Very strong horror themes and some mature content.
,Recommended,263520,12327193,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Zed Clampet,"This game is great fun with a spooky atmosphere.  If you are a fan of  first person horror games, but think most indy games are a little thin, you won't be disappointed if you take the leap of faith and buy this one.  Compelling story throughout."
,Recommended,263520,12145088,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Wednesday,"Going to give this game a reccomended, not for it's gameplay, but for the idea of the game. It's very neat, but the game just...Can't make me immersed. The continuarity is almost non-existant. The level design needs work. There's no natural flow to the levels. We just kept...Going down and down.Also, a lot of bug testing needs to be done. Also, get rid of the Master Sword re-color in the elevator room. Seriously. That's enough about the negative, the positive would be this; Great looking for an indie game and very off-putting. I'll continue to play the game through, but just off the first hour, I'm impressed, but also not impressed."
,Recommended,263520,34198702,Posted: 12 August,all,ChaosPatriarch,Enviroment is good for an indie game.Stotelling is bad. So Bad. I dont understand what is happening. Where do i go?Got some Jumpscares.
76561198036943999,Not Recommended,263520,35143444,Posted: 22 September,all,SamuraiJones,"Good game. Powerful story. But omg, buggy as hell. I got it on sale and really enjoyed it. I came back to give it a good review, and saw it was normally $15. I can't recommend it at that price. For that kind of money, I expect the game to function well.If you can get it on sale (I wouldn't pay more than a couple bucks), and can put up with repeatedly reloading and browsing the forums to find the console commands to correct bugs when items disappear (without getting frustrated enough to distract you from the story), then it's really powerful."
