user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,263620,9411407,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,No.525300887039.flac,"Japanese Schoolgirls  ✔Shrine Maiden ✔""Superior NIPPON steel folded 1000 times"" demon slaying sword ✔Panties & Boobies ✔Unlockable Character & Costumes ✔Skill point allocation ✔English subtitles & Japanese voice ✔Under 千 円  ✔ (1000 yen, or 10 dollars for you impoverished in basic tourist Japanese)Fun ✔"
,Recommended,263620,9411985,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Malarious,Saw some panties. 10/10
,Recommended,263620,9417785,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Rakuraiji,"This game! What should I say? I don' know.. It's good. Somehow.But 10€? I'd rather wait till you can get it for 5$/€.The game itself has some neat graphics, as you can see in the trailer/ screenshots, it has a nice soundtrack, really accurate controls and cool gameplay.As for:- the graphic: sure is nice, no doubt - especially for a game with not even 300MB in size. The downside is that, if you want some variety, you'll be disappointed. There are only 4 different enemy models (+4/5 bosses) and 4 arenas. Your attacks look nice, but nothing overwhelming or new. If you watched the trailer you've seen quite everything. Also you cant alternate your character. At all (Okay. There are only 2 costumes you can buy, but that's it)(also there are no lip-sync in cut scenes)- the soundtrack: more like the 3 songs. The music fits really good. But: The game contains, as far as i noticed it, like 3 different tracks (normal fight, boss battle and final boss) which will loop endlessly. Again: some more variety sure would have been nice.- the controls:  simple, yet very effective controls! Your character responds immediately and with a few buttons you can chain your attacks together to devastating combos.- the gameplay: All in all... Sadly quite repetitive. It IS a fun game, no doubt. But it feels incomplete. It feels more like a tech demo for a fighting system. You simply fight wave after wave of enemies within a circle shaped arena which you can't leave, fall/ throw enemies off or use any objects/ items.After like 5 waves you fight a boss of this arena. The bosses usually are have easy to memorize and clearly predictable attacks. That's somehow good since it won't get frustrating at all. But on the other hand it sadly makes the boss battles far too easy.You start with a weak 4 hit combo attack which fills up your ""katana gauge"". Each attack (you don't even have to land a hit) with your katana drains a bit of it. So you'll have to chain together weaker and stronger attacks to not run out of it completely (side note: there are no other penalties to an empty katana gauge other then not being able to use the katana. Also this system gets completely pointless once you've upgraded your character a bit. I never had the slightest problem with running low on katana energy.)Every killed opponent drops more or less ""SP"" which is the 'money' for buying upgrades for your character. You can buy a few attacks, upgrade every attack to deal more damage or have extra effects and upgrade your health (+regeneration) and your katana gauge (+regeneration).In conclusion I'd really love to see this fighting game, or rather ""fighting system"", to be developed further and put into an open world, or at least bigger action adventure game with more skills and a bigger variety of attacks/ combos.If you can live with a bit repetitive, short arena fighting game, you'll sure have fun with this. If you want this game and are patient: wait till it has a bigger discount!(On a side note: If you're planing to play on ""Hard"" mode right from the beginning: that's pure suicide. You won't stand any chance. You'll HAVE to do a play through on normal or easy to unlock some power ups so you stand a chance on hard)"
,Recommended,263620,13098490,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Riot.x,Good-Boobs-PantsuBad-No lack of school uniformPantsu May Cry.9/10
,Recommended,263620,9412444,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,❃Dragons✴Claw❃,"for a €10, or €8.50 game if you get it on sale, and only 200MB in siz. It's pretty damn good.The combat is smoothe and fluid. You're able to control the character the way you like to. Even for pantsu shots for those kind of people ;Ptraining exercise is handy if you're new or rubbish beat 'em up games. leveling up your character is simply done, just get high enough combo and kill your enemy for maximum points. The background music suits the fast past of the game.The problem I had though is that the enemies attacks are slow and predictable even on hard mode, I shoundn't be able to get a 200 combo chain on an enemy just by ONLY kicking them up in the air while his teamates are in the background making thier swords....sorry I mean sticks (when they hit you, it's like they attack you with a pillow)...shine brighter. A nightmare mode should fix this.  The story also needs to be deeper, in these games, a story usually has a big role, but here, I'm more like ""Who are? Why should I care? Let me see your whities!"" With also only 200Mb size, I'm guessing the game will be very short which will be a shame.Besides that, the short amount of time I played, it is really inresting and fun game that its combat system makes a worth buy.Like come! I BACKFLIPPED KICKED A GUY TO DEATH WHILE FLASHING PANTIES!!! WHAT OTHER INSENTIVE DO YOU NEED TO BUY! :P"
,Not Recommended,263620,9443858,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Saninsince992,"It’s not the worst game out there, and it is certainly possible to get some fun out of it, but with its lack of content and options it is probably a harder seller for most people out there.The bad:-Practically non-existent story.-Mediocre gameplay at best, weird attacks that don’t work as fluid as you’d want, bad block and counter system etc.-Unspectacular unlocks. A few costumes, no additional characters, throwaway abilities and letdown upgrades.-Very repetitive. Hit almost identical enemies all day long.-Bad AI. Enemies behave strange and are often dumb beyond belief.-Very small space to actually move around, limited to only small circles that you fight on.-Lack of graphic and resolution options. Most resolution selections are missing, making it awkward if you happen to not find your native one.The good:-Rather small file size.-Graphics aren’t really all that great, but they are appealing enough to look at.-It can be pretty fun to hack and slash around at the enemies, even though it can get old fast.-Bosses are decently fun, even if they are rather weirdly and simply designed.-Good for short play-sessions.In general, this is a game that is hard to recommend to anyone. It is nice to have Japanese indie titles coming out on Steam, and for some people supporting that might be enough. For everyone else, with the lack of proper options, replay value, as well as having barely any content, there is probably not enough here if you don’t mind a very simple game that is mostly only good for a short burst of dumb (and sadly unpolished) fun.EDIT: I usually try to stay away from writing my own opinion about something like this, but there have been too many people writing me and defending the game that I have to add a little bit of my more detailed personal opinion about how people treat such games. After playing for a few more hours, I can't imagine why people would defend this game. Even for the low price they are asking, you are practically getting a hack n' slash with terrible and imprecise gameplay, no variety in combat nor enemies, no story and annoying cutscene, bad graphics, bugs, and just no quality or content whatsoever. Not to forget that it's basically 2 hours long at best. Forgetting all of that, every time I check what people have good to say about it they just write something like ""dude those pantsu"" and think that makes it right. If that's the way people think nowadays, and they will let a game with no content and terrible quality slide and even defend it just because it has a main character in a miniskirt, then I am sorry for anyone that is stepping to such low levels. Come on guys. That’s just pitiful and sickening. Let's look for quality over cheap sexualization and similar gimmicks that producers try to sell a game with."
,Not Recommended,263620,32159359,Posted: 3 June,all,Whiteswart,"Well-worth its 200 mb space place on my HDD. Not worth its price even when on sale, though.Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is a short hack'n'slash game about another cute japanese schoolgirl with a feat of the kensei. She tries to beat the crud out of her ex-friend, another girl, now being obsessed with the big demonic sword, what can do many delusional things... Yeah, that's just another nasty unmemorable manga story which aren't really any cool anymore.More to it, the fighting process there is mostly very dull, even on the hard setting, where you can die quite fast. You just locked inside some really unexciting round arena and have to mash a wave after a wave of some generic and unrealistic goons, just like you see on the video on the store page. Maybe I'm just too Bushido Blade type of the guy, but all the swordplay there felt really not needed, the best tactic is just spam attack after attack, sometimes dodging rare counterblows and sucking the health from your enemies...Until you'll meet the bosses. Bosses are the only real challenge in this game, and they are the reason why I've said that the game is worth its 200 mb space. These guys are keeping some of my interest to this game - you know, in those times when I'm way too tired to play anything with the brain working, I'm just jacking in my joystick and beating some goons until I'm out of consciousness...So, as a non-inspiring title which somehow worse than the swordplay games I've played on the PS1 console... I'll mark Kamui Hikae with 5/10, ""Meh"". Good only in a bundle of sort, and not as a meaningful purchase that you do with all the pleasure of ""just take my money, I need it whatever!""."
,Recommended,263620,13872835,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,uncolober,"I love it, because it is a quintessential action game and nothing else whatsoever to annoy a person who wants to play a solid, challenging, learnable game. Just make absolutely sure you're playing on Hard.There's the core mechanic (a DMC-style system). It's put to use. There's nothing else - no levels, no puzzles, no platforming. Every now and then there's a boss battle. No bells and whistles, perhaps 20 seconds ofcutscenes.The system is tight, controls are very tight, and the whole thing's quite adequately challenging. The whole affair is so tightly put together that, although there's exactly one challenge to the whole game, it never gets repetitive - simply playing and challenging yourself to get good and beat it is both the incentive and reward for playing.Also, she keeps flashing 'em.(Some people write that it's a button-masher. This is the opposite of truth.)"
,Not Recommended,263620,18645910,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sweet D,"Considering this game?Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae, a short hack-n-slash game that has you play the role of a school girl taking on cyborg ninjas and robots with your sword; you know, the typical school-girl life.This game isn't horrible; it functions fine and I didn't have any problems, but it just doesn't seem complete relying solely on fanservice with it's lack of content.Merits of Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae:Visually, this game is appealing. Flashy moves and all that jazz.Combo system has you aiming to get your highest combo count and enables you to string together multiple attack options in your own way to create a unique combo-string.Fanservice. Ladies dressed as school-girls, short skirts and panty-shots while swinging a sword around taking on cyber ninjas. Your Steam screenshot macro will be your friend.Faults of Mitsurugi Kamui HikaeRather short game. Extended if you want to try to unlock all the costumes and complete the game on harder difficulties.You'll be fighting the same small handful of enemies over and over, occasionally reskinned a different color but overall funtion the same way.Very repetitive; you'll remain in the same circular arena, encounter the same predictable tuxedo wearing cyborg-ninja enemies in hordes. Aside from the very few boss fights, that's all there is.Overall;I'd be lying if I said I didn't have any fun with this game, but overall I got bored pretty quick pretty fast. The shallow content provided just didn't pull through on this game. If you still find yourself interested, do yourself a solid and check out the first level on YouTube or something. Even though it's just one level, that's pretty much the layout of the whole game."
76561198087794419,Recommended,263620,26615007,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"Preface: Reviewer is just playing under 2 hours experienceRECOMMENDATION:*Yes, if you enjoy playing with simple hack and slash, no exploration, no inventory*No, if you looking for advance combat system, long range attack, fancy costumesGAME DIFFICULTY:*Very easy on ""Normal"" mode*Adjustable on new game*Boss fight is very hardESTIMATED COMPLETION TIME:*Maybe around 4 hoursGAME MODE:= Campaign Mode (Linear story)= No Score Attack / MultiplayerLIKES:+Sexy legs+Japanese school girls costume+Samurai Swords gameplay+Allow to save game anytime+Upgrade anytime+Multiple subtitle language+Sound effect just like... hahh! aaahh!! heaaa!!DISLIKES:-Tutorial is not clear enough show you the which button-Combat area is too small-Each wave repeat same enemy too frequent-Too few costume-Too few variety design of characters-Too few combat skill-Too quick to max out upgrades-No leaderboard-No side questQUALITYSCOREGraphic (2014)B-PresentationCContents VolumeCArts & DesignC+Level DesignDCombat TacticC+Sound & MusicC+Realistic AnimatedBOnline ValueC-Replay ValueC+Bug-freeAOverallB-MORE INFORMATION:*Random video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHK7pyRibwkGame File Size: 202 MBBEST DISCOUNT:75% off, since Jan 2017WORTH BUYING:( _ ) Yes, normal price worth it!( ✔ ) Yes, can wait for sales( ✔ ) Yes, for fresh gamer( _ ) No, the developer has no plan to improve( _ ) No, not worth the time on ithttp://store.steampowered.com/app/263620/"
76561198084517855,Recommended,263620,22873809,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,名無し,"tl;dr A game for those who have the willingness and patience to learn playing it properly.I see many bad reviews for what the game is not, so I'll write my thoughts.- ""You'll have to play for about 20-30 hours before you can buy a new outfit, and that's 20-30 hours without upgrading your character."" Boohoo, I have 21.2 hours on record, and I purchased all the upgrades. You get many SP from getting many hits without getting hit, and the higher difficulties (Hard, Very Hard, and Inferno) are unexpectedly helpful for racking up SP. You just can't dodge worth a damn, learn to dodge.- ""Stupid enemies, they won't do a thing."" Lol try harder difficulties. But then again, with that dodging ""skill"", you won't survive a minute.- ""Insanely difficult bosses with unblockable and/or can't-be-dodged moves, and difficult patterns requiring a lot of time to understand."" If you can't block it, use Counter. If you can't Counter it, use Flourish. If you can't Flourish it, dodge it. You can avoid getting hit by every bosses' moves with any of the four. Learn to. Their patterns are not that difficult, unless you don't have the patience.- ""Generic enemies."" Lol many AAA titles have them too. I don't see you complaining over them.- ""Generic levels, with no uniques or puzzles."" Depends on how one defines puzzle, but in a general sense, lol who looks for puzzles in a hack and slash game?Any other aspects are subjective and therefore isn't enough to make this game deserve its bad reviews.I highly recommend this game to any gamers who have the willingness and patience to learn playing it properly."
,Recommended,263620,21091170,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,coolRONz,"Just an open arena hack n slash.... It could have been so much more. Sadly you just slay the same bad guys over and over, next level, slay bad guys over and over, next level, you get the point. its the same guys in different colors too. Odd tho, the fight mechanics are pretty cool, you level up your strengths etc, its a likable concept. Movement and physics are pretty good. Very likeable main character plus she's pretty hot. But thats just not enough. I'd prolly give it a 5.5/10, I dont feel its a 5 nor do I feel its a 6 either. Its just barely passable. I wishlisted Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae, got it on sale and am glad I did, but I dont feel its worth regular price sadly. But gotta say, she does have some crazy moves. There is a credit system that you buy upgrades and more moves, again it has so much potential to be so much better than it is."
76561198087046642,Not Recommended,263620,31826347,Posted: 18 May,all,Star,"When you reach max abilities (which will happen in like 3 hours) the game will transform into a spam of 2 moves, nothing else, disappointing."
,Recommended,263620,18502677,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Kobayashi's Lusty Argonian Maid,Requires both hands :(
,Recommended,263620,10727253,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cursed,"Almost broke my controller, €2,50 well spent."
,Not Recommended,263620,16400640,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Suffers a crippling lack of depth, variety, & replay value // A bit of fun, but not enough to justify the purchase*A gamepad is HIGHLY recommended for this title+ Saves and upgrades can be accessed and applied at any time in the arena, and effects are immediately applied+ As upgrades are unlocked, combat becomes drastically more fluid and cinematic+ In stark contrast to mobs that populate the waves of a given stage, boss fights are actually quite challenging, and are noticeably skill-dependant+ Character models are rendered with plenty of detail and look generally adequate+ Japanese voice-acting is well-done; feels very organic+ Combat is generally very fun, fast-paced, and visually striking- Camera is sub-par and operates unreliably- Boring and uninspired environment and audio design- Game quickly becomes repetitive and a chore to slog through; this is largely because each level offers little more than the last, and it essentially boils down to 'hack, slash, rinse, repeat' with nothing to break up the pace or keep one interested- The game suffers an achievement bug; Steam achievements that have been unlocked during gameplay will remain locked in the Steam application until the game is closed (this is a problem because they will all share an idential time-stamp)*- Plot is underdeveloped to the point that it may as well have not been included; utterly forgettable- Enemy mobs are cripplingly generic and suffer from lack of variety; each stage is essentially a massive copy/paste of the previous stage, and 'upgraded mobs' share the same design with a different color scheme and slightly higher base stats- Extremely short campaign (1-2 hours) and little else in the way of replay value, save for a drive to unlock all achievements, and a narrow selection of unlockable outfits*While this may not affect everyone, a quick glance at the forums indicates that others are experiencing this issueLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Not Recommended,263620,12766481,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Sandcrawler,"I had a hard time with this game. Not because it is a hard or challenging game, but because it lacks any interesting elements.Pros:- Visuals/graphics are done well, a little on a dated side but it looks decent.- Audio and Voice acting was decentCons:- Combat is button mashing, then button mash some more.- Wave based arena combat, with no indication of when the wave ends or the next starts. Its becomes a very long and tedious play.- Camera controls was horrible the camera was never where it should have been, and taking manual control over it was to slow to rescue it. So all of the difficulty in the game came from not seeing the opponents.- Mob AI is walk forward attack, they do not even properly block so all you have to do is kite a bunch of them into a group and then button mash."
,Recommended,263620,14764423,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Megasan,"Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae, is a high action, fast paced hack'n'slash game that WILL make your fingers hurt to the core. In this anime style game you will find your self fighting what seems to be endless waves of enemy’s to save your classmate who is processed. Can you handle it?Gameplay: 7The game is button smashing after button smashing goodness. You fight what seems to be endless waves of robots from normal human size to more bigger and beefier guys. While playing you have accuses to combo moves that allows you to spice up the combat by performing much crazier attacks. While having a stamina bar to use special ability’s. To gain more ability's you will need to earn SP to use to unlock other ability's. You gain SP by killing off enemy’s. The game come with mutable unlocks from harder difficulty, to unlocking costumes and such. This game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥and take your name if your not careful. This game will get harder as you go. You are able to use the keyboard to play but however I DO NOT and I repeat DO NOT recommend this. Do your self a favorite and get a game controller. Even with a game controller your hands will hate you after playing this game.The game play while being very solid can very repetitive in what you do. There isn't many different kinds of enemy's to fight. While playing, the game can suffer from slow downs with all the action going on. Every level is pretty much the same circle arena where you fight with just a different background. So you'll find your self playing in a circle arena from the start to the end of the game. However a lot of these are just minor problems.Story: 5You are in control of Misa, a blade Templar who is looking for a weapon that holds the powers of demons. One of your class mates ends up with the sword and becomes processed by it's power. You are hunting her down in hopes of saving them. The story is pretty basic but makes up in it's game play.Music: 6The music is in this game is pretty good. It's has a nice rock and techno sound to the music. It does a good job in keeping you in the mood of the game. While the soundtrack may not be for everyone I wouldn't mind owning the soundtrack to this game.Graphics: 8The graphics for this game is more of an realistic anime style rather than the cute and bright colors of a lot of anime style games you see out there. Some people will argue that this game is for horny guys or for fan service for having a lot of up skirt panty moments but don't let this get to you(unless you want. I mean Hey who doesn't like up skirt shots of anime girls? Anyone? Anyone?). While stated above that the game can slow down at times due to a lot of things going on at once. Each level has there own look and style to them. While the enemy's have different colors to show there toughness. Over all it's visually pleasing.Final Though:Being a fan of hack'n'slash games for years. When I found this game I didn't think I was going to enjoy it as much as I did. I loved the game so much that I played it on all settings and unlocked everything I could. But man my hands hurt for days even after I stopped playing. I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who are fans of hack'n'slash games like dynasty warriors. This game was so much fun and pleasing to me.Final score: 7Vist my tumblr for more reviews, and other fun stuff.www.rogue32807.tumblr.com"
,Recommended,263620,15816646,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,V4lle95,Pantsu May Cry9/10
76561198128987180,Recommended,263620,15499709,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,kirokito,Very fun hack and slash game :) I wish the story mode was longer though :( oh well the game is very good for the price it is at :) give it a try!
,Recommended,263620,10302934,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Shebbinator,Saw some panties. 10/10 Highly Recommended <3
,Recommended,263620,13369344,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Rainy Days,"I recommend this game primarily for character action fans who don't mind something cheaper and with more of a novice's touch than they're used to. Certainly do not go into this game expecting Devil May Cry or Bayoneta.The graphics are not outstanding, but they're servicable and a lot better than I'd expect from most Indie developers working with 3D.The combat arenas are not very diverse, in that they're all the same, a giant circle with a number of different background locations to add a feeling of progress, but in a way that helps the game. You'll never find yourself fighting with bad level design, and the format of a pure circle is perfect for what the game is all about, pure unadulterated combat.The AI of the game has a mild Platinum touch, specifically that enemies will not attack you if they are not onscreen, a trademark of Character Action games from the Japanese developers Platinum Games.Otherwise AI has a problem in that all enemies follow the same movement pattern, that is they walk towards you in as straight a line as possible, then start to circle you once they reach a certain proximity. This leads to a problem where if you run away for enough time, all the enemies bunch up into one big clump, which is a problem as you are either looking at all the enemies, or none of them, making you either in for a real pounding from every enemy or completely safe.Enemies have plenty of variety, starting off with basic faceless soldiers, then getting two Elite variants, then the introduction of more enemies that also get more complex and tough Elite variants. This leads to there being plenty combinations of enemies to keep combat interesting, you won't find yourself fighting the same encounter over and over.The game is entirely devoid of a soundtrack, which does ruin the atmosphere a little, but perhaps no OST is better than a really bad one as is common with Indie Games.The story is barebones and merely there to facilitate the existence of combat.The game is very short, I have clocked in about 2.3 hours as of writing this, and I believe myself to be struggling with the last boss of the game. Though I am at the end of the story, the existence of an upgrade path, and I believe a New Game Plus type feature, in addition to the game's difficulty and pure focus on combat gives it a decent amount of replayablity.Regarding difficulty, I have played the game on both Easy and Normal difficulty, I've found the game pretty challenging and enjoyable without being too frustrating, even on Easy difficulty. Bosses are somewhat reminiscent of Dark Souls, they feature large swings, and a somewhat difficult to predict movesets. Will the boss swing once and leave themselves open for a punish? Or will me attempting to punsih their swing cause me to eat a second swing? These are the kind of things you'll have to cope with if choose to play this game.On the whole I definately recommend this game for action fans, so long as they're fine with playing something with little to no budget and an indie team behind it."
76561197993704788,Not Recommended,263620,31717765,Posted: 13 May,all,Iconicbreeze,"This entire game is stage after stage of an arena beat-em-up in a barren circular arena with only a handful of moves that don't blend into any fluid combos. On top of that, the few special moves take so long to charge up that they are completely unusable. The experience is padded out through the artificial difficulty of large waves of three varieties of pallete swapped enemies that just mob you. However, when you reach a boss fight you immediately miss these mobs because the health regen mechanic scales on the amount of enemies you can bleed. This greatly limits your health pool, and makes whittling away the boss' health a tedious chore. The boss battles can be boiled down to the old stand-by of dodging the same three attacks until you can stagger the boss, repeated the typical three times, but really drawn out. The only positive aspect of this game is the protaganists' 3d model"
,Not Recommended,263620,30606347,Posted: 18 March,all,Ubylmoen,"The controls are really nice, you can easily link combos together and it's tight and fast paced. But it's just a wave survival game. After the first two minutes of gameplay, you've seen all the game has to offer."
,Recommended,263620,13353610,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Bosh,"GoodEasy to learn.Simple gameplay mechanicsExtremely satisfying combat.Decent graphics.Enemies only attack you when in view. Most of the time.Controller support.BadGeneric music. Not bad, but not particularly good.Crappy sound effects.Bosses can be annoying.Not much enemy variety.Unclear controls.OtherNo English voice acting, so subtitles are required. Doesn't bother me personally.I don't know anything about the storyline because I was too busy slicing the ♥♥♥♥ out of everything in sight.Controls can feel a bit twitchy and sensetive at times. I've found that this is often because I tend to hold the control stick in the direction of an enemy, which causes different moves to activate. So it's probably my own problem.If you think the game is too simple and/or easy, then complete hard mode and try very hard mode.♥♥♥♥♥♥gets changed upimmediately. And there's another difficulty after that too, which IMO is the most fun.  But I'm not going to spoil that.Boobles and pantsu.RatingUpskirt shots / 10In all seriousness, I'd say it's well worth £7. It's certainly a surprise, I was expecting nothing but fanservice and kawaii desu horseraddish.However I did buy it on sale."
76561197970515853,Recommended,263620,20705799,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Parasite,"Awesome premise, I was thinking this was going to be like shinobi or ninja gaiden or something similar to devil may cry. The intro movie starts out great, it pulls you into the hot-japanese-girls-wearing-a-school-uniform-wielding-a-samurai-sword mantra. Great graphics, ok techno music, but after playing in the same stage, wave after wave, with no more story progression, or dialougue I was dissapointed.Pros:-slice things in half with superb style! (almost like shinobi for the ps2 was back in the day)-hawt girls-superb gamepad controlls and really tight fighting system-great graphics-pantsu shots-challenging AICons:-Repetitive wave system-same stage layout with different background-same enemies with different skins- borish music, ok sfx'sIts a well made game, its not a simple lil indie game by the looks of it. But it is an arcade style hack and slash game that will give you a couple of minutes of entertainment if you like this sort of game. Go for the pantsu shots, and try to kill 1000 enemies in one sitting, its great stress relief."
,Not Recommended,263620,11118724,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,mark | dj.,"Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is a repetitive arena based hack and slash game with good graphics, that becomes increasingly difficult after each wave you defeat, obviously. But it's not interesting enough to keep most of us entertained for long I'm afraid. And that's partially because it plays out in a really dull arena and there's not much else to do in the game besides mashing buttons.[Rating: 58/100]"
,Recommended,263620,28943945,Posted: 2 January,all,Great Cold Wombat of the Earth,"A short and simple hack 'n slash game that's not too difficult or expensive, especially on sale. It's not amazing, but what little it has to offer it gets right. Well, story is nonexistent but it's good mindless fun.Combo bash a small variety of enemies for about 2 hours with a couple bosses and a few upgrades.If it was longer the 'charm' of the gameplay would wear off. Honestly, not much to say. I finished it on easy, and almost completed normal in the new game plus mode before wanting to move onto something else in my library. I played this while watching something and was able to enjoy myself, but if most of your attention isn't directed elsewhere you'll realize how boring it is much faster.It's by no means a must play and there are probably many more compelling combo hack 'n slash games out there such as DMC, Revengeance, or Killer Is Dead.You're not missing much if you skip this but on sale you might enjoy this."
,Not Recommended,263620,11107691,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Vain Vair,"Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae can be easily written off as a Japanese fanservice filled nightmare but never fear, there are plenty of other reasons to write this game off!In Mitsurugi you play as Misa, a high school student who is also a demon hunter of some kind, who is attempting to slay a demonic blade who has taken her friend Suzuka, when it comes to Japanese B-Movie plots, it's an alright premise if a little paper thin on the actual story and by the end you really learn nothing about Misa, Suzuka, or the sword, as the story fails to go further then just being there so you can have an excuse to hack up people.Speaking of hacking up people lets talk about gameplay, despite what it may look like in screenshots, this is not Devil May Cry or Bayonetta, you do not have a wide array of moves and attacks, you have sword attacks that drain a meter, kicks that refill said meter, and that is about it, combos don't really exist and in the end you learn that the charge moves do more damage then you could ever need anyway and leave little reason to do much else, and your biggest problem will be fighting with the controls and camera half the time anyway.If I had to compare this game to something else it would be the Oneechanbara series, but that is not really a complement, this game is dull, short, unimaginative, and repetitive, you fight in six levels that amount to nothing but a single, circular arena with some background changes, fighting the same dull, easy enemies over and over using the same attacks over and over and by the end you gain nothing from the plot or gameplay, even for an independent game this is nothing special, stay away.Unless you like panty shots or something, perv."
,Recommended,263620,11012526,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,🅷🆄🆁🆁🅰🆈,thought this was an illusion game.
,Recommended,263620,32023775,Posted: 28 May,all,DesolatePsyche,"So a quick ""review"". PROs and CONs first. Then some comments & random notes I have about the game.(note, MY #/10 score =MY ENJOYMENT+ minimal thought of gameplay+graphics/sound+story etc.. )PROs:+pantsu+animu school girls+simple fun combat+fair enough story+fair enough difficulty+very weeb+counter mastering (flourish)+outfitsCONs:-clunky-gets very repetitive-skills/combos minimalComments:All I gotta say.. worth 3-5 euros. This game is straightforward, simple and short lasting fun. Nice fanservice battle arena game. It ain't anything amazing nor bad. It's one of those clunky games I like to call ""odd fun"" .6/10"
,Recommended,263620,23318594,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Black Rose War,"WARNING: This game is shortI\'m talking about 2-5 hours at most. Depending on how fast you pick it up, and how much you plan to play.Skilled player could beat the story in about 20 min no doubt.Still, fun as hellm, stylized action game. Would love to see something like this with more content, but oh well.Think Ninja Gaiden/Devil May Cry but more anime."
,Not Recommended,263620,11058905,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,TropicalBurst,Boring and repetitive; and that's coming from someone who enoyed Onechanbara: Bikini slags.
76561198105923863,Recommended,263620,12686263,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Lycopene,It has upskirt shots
,Recommended,263620,9443533,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Vicarus,"I don't usually write reviews, but this game really suprised me. I came into this game expecting a crappy version of MGR, but instead I got the beautiful lovechild of MGR, God Hand and DMC. A warning: I'd only recommend this game if you're a fan of at least two of these titles. If you don't know how to cancel or use i-frames, this game is liable to eat you up and♥♥♥♥♥♥you out, especially on anything above normal. If you can already pull this stuff off in other games, you'll find a fantastic, deep combat system. For example: enemy got you stuck in a combo? Cancel your hitstun into a sweep, then cancel the sweep into a dodge. Lovely.The unique aspect of this game is called ""Zanshin"". After dealing enough damage to an enemy, you can sheath your sword to gain health and blade meter, which you need to use your sword attacks. In addition, enemies who have taken enough damage to become ""bloodied"" will take a burst of damage. While it sounds simple, it's an engaging move, and sheathing your sword to make 10 enemies burst into a rain of gore is immensely satisfying.In conclusion, like I said, if you're a fan of stylish beat-em-ups and aren't afraid of a challenge, I would 100% recommend this game. If you're after cheap fanservice and panty shots, probably better to go elsewhere."
,Recommended,263620,32868736,Posted: 27 June,all,Ani,panties
,Recommended,263620,28175561,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,"Sakuya, The Lolicon","The game gets compared a lot to the DMC series and I can see why, though I would say the combat is closer to MGR:Revengeance. Unarmed and weapon attacks can be links together fluently and more moves can be unlocked/bought as you progress through the game. There's also a blocking and counter system complete with Just Blocks and Just Counters, though these are near impossible to use when taking on a horde of enemies (atleast for someone of my skill level).The game, I would say, suffers from repetitiveness when it comes to fighting the grunts. From stage to stage you'll be fighting similar enemies both in design and attacks.  In higher difficulties, there's simply more of them and they also do more damage. On the other hand, bosses are a lot of fun to fight against, especially Suzuka. It's during these that you can  actually use blocks and counters more effectively and stylishly. It's fun to learn the bosses' attack patterns and they also have a sort of ""low health phase"" where they'll use more powerful attacks and mix things up a bit. For someone like me though, I really enjoy the ""stylish"" aspect of these boss fights. It's rewarding when you perform Just Blocks and Counters and beat the boss with only these tools. The flashy effects compliment it too.In short, a simple hack and slash game that's easy to learn but hard to master. The repetitiveness can get tiring, but in my opinion, the bosses more than make up for it."
,Recommended,263620,30131099,Posted: 23 February,all,Shedders,"The best description I have for this game is that it is pure.There's no side quests, no dialogue treees, no moral dilemmas.It's just you, a sword and an ever increasing, in both numbers and strength, opposition.The developers wanted to make a game about a school girl killing men and demons with a sword, and that is undeniably what they delivered.The closest thing to a plot is a couple of sentences at the start about someone from her school with another, demonic, sword, but this can all be safely ignored once the game starts.And about that gameplay, it starts off simple enough, with some human opponents, also with swords that chase you around, but are easy to dodge, and progresses to enemies that can charge at you, and goes from there.in your arsenal you have severral basic attacks, osme with the sword and some without, and a super move, all basic stuff, which by the way, really does need to be played with a controller.How much enjoyment you get out this basic formula is up to you, as other have said midless button mashing can and will work, at least at the start, but there is depth for those willing to put in the time.Aside the gameplay, two thing stand out, the first is the graphics, it looks like something from 2010, which meant that my PC ran it without even breathing hard, but also looked terrible. While I haven't tried a decent laptop from the past couple of years should be able to run this easily enough. But beyond that the arena is small, large enough to have a conga line of enemies chase after you, but only just, and it feels like a rather silly limitation, a larger space, maybe a hub of some sort between rounds could give the game a sense of place it currently lacks.The second is the blatant, and rather off putting fanservice, obviously it's every man for himself, some people like it some people don't, consider me someone who doesn't and the panty shots are not something I want in this kind of game, to say nothing of the fact that the protagonist is (supposedly) a high school student.As I said the game is pure, it set out to do one thing, and lo and behold, it does it. While the combat can drag, the graphics felt last gen and the fanservice was just off putting, the game does exactly what it should do and absoutely nothing else, whether that's a good or bad thing depends on how you view the core gameplay"
,Recommended,263620,11340855,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,grape meme,gave me a boner
76561198041447747,Recommended,263620,12739315,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Ned Ragdnuos,"With the motionjoy driver (and the ""betterds3"" config tool) this game can be set up (using the mitsurugi_config.exe tool which you can find in the same folder as the game, you can find it using Steam by clicking on properties and opening the game files folder) to use controller instead of keyboard. You'll need to select the controller as ""Controller (Xbox360 Wireless receiver for Windows)"" in the mitsurugi_config.exe, even if you're using a Sony SixAxis (that's how the motionjoy driver makes the SixAxis controller appear).Anyway, once you've configured the game to run using your controller, it's much easier on your hands (but still be aware of repetitive stress injury, this game is way too addictive, and so cute!).The controls are well thought out, but there's quite a variety of things to learn so be sure to understand the tutorial first. It'll give you lots of ideas on how to get past the bosses. Pay special attention to how to recharge your health (the top bar). And don't forget to spend the skill points you earn to upgrade the power of your attacks (I got pretty far without realizing that, but it was very slow-going indeed!). Normal difficulty is probably sufficiently hard unless you've played these kinds of games a lot before.Overall, this is the kind of well-thought-out fighting game mechanic that should have been emulated in games like ""Remember Me"" (which has an almost insanely-confusing gameplay mechanic compared to this jewel of a game)."
,Recommended,263620,10395797,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,makaspaka,"It's a fun game. Really fun in my opinion. It's a stylish arena hack and slash game. If you're a fan of stuff like anime, you'll probably think the combat is awesome. You slash up enemies with your sword at hyper-fast speeds and as you sheathe your sword, they all fall down, instantly dead. It's pretty cool.The graphics aren't anything mind-blowing, but it looks pretty good and gets the job done. Honestly, it could have been all stick figure people and the game would hold up just as well. The real strength of the game is in mastering the combat. The main character, Misa, and her nemesis, Suzuka, both look well animated. Many reviews/comments seem extremely focused on the fact that you get glimpses of panties, but the combat is so fast paced that I've never really noticed. The enemies all look kinda bland, besides the bosses. They are mostly just robot businessmen (I guess...) with a few different colored suits. I suppose the giant robot enemies look kinda cool, too.At first glance, the game's pretty short. On normal difficulty, it takes maybe 30 or 40 minutes to beat. It's designed for repeated playthroughs, though. You'll need to replay it multiple times to unlock all the upgrades. The flow of combat is very different between Normal and Very Hard (I still haven't beaten the last level of Very Hard, atm). I beat normal barely ever using the Flourish technique, but on Very Hard, I'm not sure it would even be possible to play without using it. Flourishes are extremely powerful, but require absolute precision to pull off. At the time of writing this, I've played for around 15 hours, and it's still a 50/50 chance that I'll get the timing right on my Flourishes. On Very Hard, a missed Flourish usually means death.Another extender of playtime is going for the longest combos you can get. I've probably spent more than half of my time playing trying to achieve the highest combo I can get. At the time of writing this, my highest combo is 2059 (check out my screenshots, I was really proud of that run).As for difficulty, there's probably a difficulty level suited for everyone. I started on Normal and it wasn't too challenging. You can pretty much just spam attacks and block or evade to get through Normal. On Hard, you'll have to start mixing up your strategies. You'll need to use Lai Strikes, Heavenly techniques, counters, and the occasional Flourish. Very Hard is as named. You'll really need to start using the advanced moves like counters and Flourishes. You'll also need to be really quick on your feet with dodging and blocking. I've been on the last level of Very Hard for around 3 hours. I now see that 'Game Over' screen every time I close my eyes, lol. As I understand it, there's one more difficulty level after Very Hard, which I haven't yet unlocked. I'd imagine that it's incredibly unforgiving. I haven't tried Easy, but I'd say skip it, unless you are really struggling with Normal.There's not much going on story-wise. You play as a demon-slaying schoolgirl for some reason. Another demon-slaying girl who was pals with your character got possessed by a demon when she got an evil sword from ebay or something. Now you gotta kill her. It would be cool if the story had been fleshed out more, but again, the game's biggest strength is it's gameplay.One last thing - I'd recommend playing with a controller. I'm sure there are a few people out there who are great at this with the keyboard, but it really seems best-suited to a controller."
,Not Recommended,263620,10786840,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Cerbello,Pros*CardsCons*Little to no variety*Generic story*Boring enemies*Can beat it by hitting one buttonJust Idle for the cards and go on your way.
,Recommended,263620,29350306,Posted: 18 January,all,FT.Lauars,"The game is too boring and no plot at all, even there are many disadvantages such as the action is rigid, and the background is limited. It's really a relax game and the hero is beautiful...I can not make up anymore..."
76561198133687558,Not Recommended,263620,30354728,Posted: 6 March,all,xBruisedx,Extremely repetitive
,Recommended,263620,10589179,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Squire Grooktook,"Miturugi Kamui Hikake is a speedy 3d arena based hack and slash, in which players sword fight through waves of enemies and bosses in a small circular arena with a fully realized combat engine.The combat in MKH is extremely well executed. Combos are fairly freestyle, but there's a slight delay before you can block or dodge cancel attacks, and dodging and blocking requires a higher degree of precision and timing than many other games of the genre, so it most definitely takes  skill  and finesse to master. Many of the unlockable moves and areial attacks are also quite fun, and skilled players who can master parrying and flourishing will be able to unleash impressive destruction on the games swarms of eneimies.There are a few issues however. The game sometimes becomes a bit repetitive when it throws the same set of enemies at you several times before mixing things up, making a few waves feel a bit like filler. Buying new moves can sometimes be a liability, as their inputs are often simply attack + any direction, which can be awkward when running around attacking enemies since you'll  have to carefully come to a halt each time if you don't want to accidentally use an unsafe special. I found it easier just to avoid purchasing certain moves. Some may also find being confined to an arena degrades the feeling of adventure and variety found in similar 3d action games. These issues do hold the game back a bit, but they are easily eclipsed by the numerous enjoyable sword fighting moments.If you enjoy the sword fighting engine and don't mind the lack of an adventure feel, than there's a lot to love here. The game offers plenty of unlockable difficulty modes for players willing to explore it (I personally recommend starting on hard and working your way up), with the last ones being very real challenges. I recommend trying out the demo on Playism to see if the combat clicks with you, because if it does it will be fairly easy to ignore the games relatively few flaws and focus on the excellent combat."
,Not Recommended,263620,14115687,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Larexus,"An anime style hack and slash game, that gets old fast.-------Summary at the bottom-------GameplayMitsurugi Kamui Hikae is a hack slash action game, where you fight through waves of enemies in 5 different stages. However the stages are small and have no differences other than the background. The enemies are dull and are basically 5 models used over again with different colours. The bosses can be challenging at first but you quickly learn the attack patterns and it becomes easy, the only one I died too in the entire game on my first playthrough on normal was the second phase on the last boss. The combat feels fluent however their is a very limitied amount of combos to use and upgrade, making it feel very repetitive after a while.AudioThe audio in his game is terrible, highly recommend playing music or listening to something else while playing this game... The sound effect of hitting an enemy sounds like hitting an enemy in a 90s Super nintendo game. The voice over is good but nothing special. Their is only one song per stage that just loops over and over again.StoryYou are a blade templar sent to hunt down a fellow blade templar who has gone rogue and has been drawing power from a demonic sword. Thats about it.. Their is no real back story between these characters, their is no story progression or anything of the sort until the end. But even the ending was basic and gave no story.SummaryFor the most part I love hack and slash games, however this one felt worse than X-Blades.. WIth very limited combo moves and the small amount of upgrades available, this game got repetitive very quickly. Basically kill, kill, kill, kill, fight a boss, next level, rinse and repeat. This game could have been a lot better if the developers put some effort into it. The state of it right now just seems lazy and a way to make a quick buck off school girls and panty shots. The only good thing is you can fly through it in a couple hours."
,Recommended,263620,10690194,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Schylar,"My mom took my computer away beacuse you can see girls panties in this game, besides that it's good but don't let your mom catch you playing it."
,Recommended,263620,14615198,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Mr. Roboto,"It's actually a quite fun hack n slash game. Its very basic. Little story, lots of killing, and lots of panty shots.It went from easy, to hard, challenging, then frustrating. Its a fun little title though, worth a try."
,Recommended,263620,11060860,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,DarknessSMSX,KAWAII BOOBU BESTU ANIMU OOOOOO~BAKA/10
76561198165216387,Not Recommended,263620,30229809,Posted: 27 February,all,Foulu,"Too repetitive, too short and the worst part of it is that the camera control it's a complete mess."
,Not Recommended,263620,13275968,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,MrWrong,"What's there not to recommend about this game?girlXgirl action ✓Lots of pantsu fanservice ✓Infact, it's similar to DMC.However, this game suffers from 2 critical flaw.1) THERE IS NO TARGETING/LOCKON SYSTEM. well actually there is one but it's only for the bosses.2) TOO MUCH POSING.Well now, let me explain how these 2 flaws will actually affect gameplay.Without a targeting system, basically whichever direction you face is where your attacks will hit. This flaw does not affect your gameplay in Easy, Normal or Hard. I mean the waves after waves of enemies don't consecutively have a go at you non-stop. You could always adjust your camera direction to have your enemies in view. Well at least you have the time. BUT once you reach Very Hard or Inferno, that's when adjusting camera angle to keep your enemies in view becomes a ♥♥♥♥♥. Besides dashing around continously to avoid getting hit by the non-stop attacks of your enemies, you must adjust Misa's direction just to actually hit enemies. And take note, the time frame you have to adjust is about a split second, which you must at the same time release a combo of attacks before dashing off again.As for the posing flaw, well I wouldn't call it a flaw. More like she poses too much after some giant combo attack. The developers probably thought, ""Hey why not add in some cool poses whenever she does a combo attack so that she looks cool and all"". The posing as usual doesn't affect gameplay much in easy, normal and hard. Unless you suck and mess up the combo attacks timing and leave yourself open to attacks since Misa can't actually move while posing. So how does this affect Very Hard? Well couple in together with the lack of a targeting system, having to manually target waves of enemies in a split second, your bound to not get them all during 1 of your big combo attacks. Which in turns come to you getting attack the next instant while your posing.So unless there's some sort of update with at least a targeting/lockon system, I wouldn't recommend getting this game at it's original price. But if it's at a discounted price and you have the spare cash, then yea, why not."
,Not Recommended,263620,11744968,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ZeroSuitValken,mehhh could not get my xbox pad to work. tryed using xpadder and rebinding the controls in the menu yeah that dose not work either. atempted to play using the keyboard no mouse support- WSAD IOP are the only controls that work the gamtakes place in a big round ring and just spawns waves of bad guys and you just mash the keys no brain needed. i suppose this game would entertain a die hard anime fan. 3/10
,Not Recommended,263620,13186949,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,bpfoley89,"I beat the normal mode in 2 hours...If you're looking for a short, fun, slasher to fill some time, this is a good game for that.If you're looking for a story... There's like 12 lines of dialog...Pros:ShortFun like old PS2 slashers.Small download.Cons:Only characters rendered with any detail are the 2 main girls, everything else is PS2 graphics...Overpriced for what it is, only buy it on sale."
,Recommended,263620,13903840,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Zweiken,"Beautiful Japanese women, katanas, badassery galore. Fast-paced and so much fun, I definitely recommend this game. I picked it up on sale for $2.49, and it's DEFINITELY worth at least that much."
,Not Recommended,263620,10881405,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,R4 | Wafflez777,"The game is moderatly fun, but somewhat short. The controlls are very bad and dont even think about using a controller, because the controlls are even worse! Other than that the game consists of long repeditive waves of enemys and then a boss at the end of every level, which can be challenging and fun. Buy it if its really cheap, but otherwise dont."
,Recommended,263620,21194494,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Apaleftos 🎧,"Great game!I played with controller and I can't imagine that it can be played otherwise.It's a very fast-paced and difficult hack-n'-slash game (my thumb was numb for days).The skills are ok, the enemies are good and the bosses are great. The only drawback is the sort story (even for its genre) that left me with questions (although, I don't know if it is an adaptation of an anime or something).PS.: It takes about 16 hours to be 100% completed (all difficultes, skills, achievements)."
,Recommended,263620,9444720,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,MintGum,"See.This is a game that doesn't have much content.This game is only a circular ""Bloody Palace"" style gauntlet against mooks and bosses.This game doesn't even have a proper story line and never really shows a lot of variety and interesting new gimmicks.HOWEVER. Suffer through the initial slow and rigid gameplay, and you'll have a game that easily has combat up there with nigh-infinitely higher budgets. It is very fluid and feels actually better than Metal Gear Rising and Darksiders.Though to warn you, it is also much harder. Dodging is just a looser timed alternate to perfect guards than ever being a twitch reaction safety button, and perfect combo guards are very hard to keep consistent."
,Recommended,263620,22365456,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,~ A Valid Username~,"Seems like a fan made game for otaku's. Don't get me wrong, the high skirt female protagnist does rock in this game."
,Recommended,263620,15815125,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Corax,Japan - main exporter of weird♥♥♥♥♥♥for the world.
76561198119753073,Recommended,263620,28134685,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Richter,"I bought this game on sale for 2.50 and it was well worth it. There's some fun to be had here. I have to agree with people who state that the combat feels very cheap and I don't feel much weight behind my attacks. However, when you buy more upgrades and learn new skills, the game gets more fun.It shares similar aspects to Devil May Cry, but you can't mindlessly slash things in this game. There are moments where you have to back off and make space between you and the enemy and look for precise moments and openings to attack.I was kind of disappointed with hard mode as they just ramp up the enemy count and call it a day. Instead of actually adding new movesets, they added a ♥♥♥♥ ton of more enemies to each wave. I feel they could have done more cause I found myself being able to spam one move over and over to kill a bunch of bullet sponge enemies. It had its moments getting repetitive. The bosses, however, shine the most in hard mode. Definitely had some heated battles.Overall, it's a great game but I don't think it's worth the original price. If you want to support the developer then by all means, buy it at full price. Otherwise, wait for sale."
76561198289066012,Recommended,263620,26988517,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sun Knife,"Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is a japanese hack and slash game developed by Zenith Blue.It's a short game with several difficulties from Easy to Inferno. It's simple to play and hard to master. Regular graphics, good controls, normal soundtrack. It's biggest achievement is that the game is only 'round 200 MB."
76561198018606604,Recommended,263620,29644863,Posted: 2 February,all,Jabel,The game's about how good you can get.You can easily beat the game using one button.Or can beat the game by flying around the screen doing non-stop combos if you practice.Mechanics are interesting: Various combinations of attacks need to be timed to keep momentum. Once momentum breaks the character becomes vulnerable to attacks. It's only like DMC in the fact that there's a combo counter.
,Recommended,263620,29057306,Posted: 6 January,all,One Winged Thanatos,"First off: you need a controller.Second: if you are familiar with the genre I can describe this as the bloody palace from DMC 3 or 4 but playing as a character from the Onebanchara games.Now the review: Short but awesome, there´s only 5 ""stages"" (more like arenas) and one playable character, and its not like she has a thousand combos but what she does have works, and it works really well, the combat is fast peaced and fun, and as you unlock new skills you slowly start to understand how it works and its a really enjoyable experience, it lacks a little in enemy variety but the highlight of the game are the bosses, one per stage, each one is challenging and fun but for less experienced players they may represent a bothersome difficulty spike.TL;DR: If you like the genre you will enjoy this game as long as you understand its an indie game, I recommend it if you get it on sale, but stay away if you dont like the genre."
,Recommended,263620,29287725,Posted: 15 January,all,Space Food Senpai,"There is a surprising degree of depth in this game's array of attacks and techniques surprisingly, and its a good old hack n slash that dosent disappoint"
76561197997941900,Not Recommended,263620,13907128,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,xxx RIP xxx,"Got it cheap at 75% discount...but it still feels that i have been ripped off...There are definitely much better fighting game out there....Graphics kind of weak, controls are responsive. But it seem to take ages to kill the enemies. Definitely one game i won't recommend unless you really got nothing better to do. Or like most of the players out there buying it to see some anime panties."
,Recommended,263620,11950655,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Sarah the cat,very sugoimuch pantsuwow11/10
,Recommended,263620,9495919,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,DarkHarmonixer,"So basically, Vergil from Devil May Cry get's a sex change and turns into the prettiest Japanese school girl you will ever see, and you hit stuff. Fight robots and guys in suits sooo it's No More Heroes...with a girl protagonist. OH and you have to fight your best friend who is also wearing a school girl outfit. Their legs are nice so 10/10"
,Recommended,263620,15831089,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,๖ۣۜVanguard,"Best hack/slash game i've seen and played so far.Really nicely made for an indie game.Gameplay real fast and involving:10/10Music is good and fitting:9/10Optimization 60fps:10/10Characters,well there is not many but they are interesting indeed:10/10Graphics not the best but pretty,max you can get from indie project.But for me 10/10Story,well it could have been longer and better not much to say:5/10Upgrades awesome:10/10For an indie project nice and polished with lilttle downsides,but if you're into hack/slash games this one is good start."
,Recommended,263620,29410141,Posted: 21 January,all,Insania,Beat it kinda fast on normal and I was lazy as f to play more.The bosses eehhh pretty goodMain characters well dont know anything about them but they looked pretty goodIf you dont have anything to play then do it.Its dmc bloodyplace type of gameplay
,Recommended,263620,13912562,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Mango,"Pantsu shots, pantsu shots every time. Controller recommended"
,Recommended,263620,30537183,Posted: 15 March,all,itsAmatiramisu,"Stupidly simplistic character action game with horrible voice acting even by Japanese standards, boring visuals, copious unnecessary fanservice, next to no meaningful story, and nonexistent level design.I love it. It's so stupid and cheesy and hammy and the combat itself is actually very intricate and satisfying. Little bit of a hidden gem if you will."
,Recommended,263620,31150173,Posted: 14 April,all,MrKing1990,"I feel like there is suppose to be more of the game. But maybe I'm wrong. Either way, it's fun."
76561198101908030,Recommended,263620,10247038,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,s3r@ph,"If you are a fan of Ninja Gaiden, Devil May Cry, or any of the other imitators like it, then this game is for you.As much as this game is great for it's fan service, the true value is found in the purity of the fighting engine. Moves and sound effects are both realized in exacting detail and all with a timing that even the most demanding Asian gamers can appreciate.This game, quite simply, is hack and slash bliss.The only downside is a limited enemy selection but with multiple difficulty levels that can be overlooked a little and the final boss is quite a challenge for the untrained fighter."
76561198004711546,Not Recommended,263620,11757562,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Squiggles,"Is there anything a japanese girl can't do in a videogame?! The answer is yes, and that is not have a uniform involving a miniskirt. I got this game on sale for $5 during one of my buying sprees.Pros:Pretty decent graphics.The player character animations are nice.Some flashy fighting styles.Japanese audio.Cons:Enemy animations are worse that players, they move alot faster than their walking animation would allow.The gameplay is basically you standing in a circle arena with waves of enemies thrown at you, all enemies are robots.Some cliched attacks, like sheathing the katana to have everyone that's been attacked properly suddenly spray blood everywhere.Story is pretty bland, you're some blade templar that combats evil and you're after a demon sword that your friend has managed to find/get possessed by. It doesn't really drive the combat either given the sword is demonic but all the enemies seem robotic, maybe it's supposed to be summoning them but there's no real explaination as to where all these freaking guys are coming from.The attack animations are cool but they seem limited. You have Melee, Sword, Holy attack and you can level those up for more hits or damage and you can unlock counterattacks for blocks and aerials but that's pretty much it.It's not the worst game you could definitely get worse for $5 but the gameplay got repeatative incredibly fast for me and without a story to drive it, it felt pretty pointless killing wave after wave of random dudes. Also, if you get the majority of the enemies marked to bleed (blinking red) you can just spam the sheathing thing to cause them to go into the spraying blood animation and basically lock them in place till they die (Pretty cheap tactic but one that's easy to figure out)."
,Not Recommended,263620,12217594,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Elric of Grans,"A very shallow game with terrible controlls.  It is essentially a Devil May Cry clone, but is nowhere near the same level at that series.  If you are looking for something like Devil May Cry... I would still suggest just playing Devil May Cry!"
,Not Recommended,263620,24819443,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Shrouded Wolf,"On paper, this seemed like a reasonably generic idea, but with good execution, generic ideas can be fantastic and fun.So, the game itself? It's fine, I suppose. Other than an odd animation or sliding on occasion, there's nothing really wrong with the game. The visuals are not fantastic, but there's nothing really wrong with them either. No crashes to speak of...in short, it's functional. Hell, I'll even give it bonus points for having fully rebindable controller keys, as most AAAs don't usually bother. The problem (and, thus the rating) is that merely being functional doesn't equate to being good.-First order of business, the tutorial. The game can clearly recognize what type of controller you have connected, so why not display the correpsonding key when the tutorial is going on, so that you don't have to constantly pause and check or mash buttons until we find it?-The animations are stiff and some have this weird delay to them. For instance, the standard dodge roll leading into the drain attack, you'll probably mash the trigger several times before it finally triggers...likely, just in time to get blindsided by an enemy, because...-The camera is too close to the character. This sort of distance only really works in games like Resident Evil 4, where you spend a lot of the time in middle-to-long distance firing range. In melee range, all it does is serve as a handicap by limiting the field of view and to let enemies smack you from just outside the camera range.-And, the worst offender here, is that the gameplay is just bloody boring. Not only are you locked in the same arena for waves that outlast their stay, the game also does that thing where outside of the basic attacks, every combo is locked off and you have to earn SP to unlock them....which wouldn't be all that bad if it was executed well, but there is nothing to entice you to play and unlock. The story is token and barely gets a mention, the characters are dour and bland, and the enemies have way too much health and are mostly just palette swaps with their AI being profoundly thick. For instance, how do you beat the first boss when starting out? Run in circles until he does his long-range attack and go in for a quick combo. Rinse, lather, repeat.Maybe, it does improve when combos are unlocked, but I wouldn't know. Bored. I moved to pastures new.Edit: While I was having a shower, I figured out a good parallel to draw with another game that has a similar theme and even makes some of the same mistakes that would be good at illustrating some of my issues with this game.The game in question? Lollipop Chainsaw. So, the game opens up and has this colorful, cartoon-y aesthetic that immidiately jumps out at you. The protagonist is a joy to be around, as she's always super emotive and comes off as having a blast, despite the ♥♥♥♥ed up situation she's in. You get into the combat and discover that all combos are locked off, but the combat still feels super responsive, punchy, and fun. Also, you get your first combo unlocked very quickly...and, it only gets more interesting from there. Also, while many combat areas are enclosed arenas, you are still advancing through various scenery and constantly seeing new areas.This game, it stops you to tell a story that it doesn't seem to even care about, the protagonist is depressing and boring, the arenas are bland and featureless, and enemies are just the same couple of models with occasional color swaps. Make it an interesting world to explore, make it enjoyable to be in, make the combat feel solid...do anything to stand out from all the other bland games exactly like this."
76561198097395787,Recommended,263620,10981178,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,buggthewaitingman,"Pros:-Nicely designed character-Gripping fighting gameplay with many hours to really get bored of (between other games ofcourse)-Katanas, schoolgirls, pantsu!!!Cons:-Enemies designed by a 5year-old with AI of a similar level-One mode/setting. This is all the game will give you, nothing more.This game is an example of the current lack of anime games on PC. Those who buy this game are buying it 80% because of the main character and the design and 20% because of the gameplay. The gameplay will keep you playing for some happy hours (trying to lift her skirt XD) so it is more than worth around 5$ (not 10$ I think). But the truth of it is that this game is a fraction in quality and quantity of some of the anime games that you can find on PS3/Wii. The PC game industry must realize that a port of said games (or even better an original game for PC) will immediately enter a market of high demand, as this game shows. Mitsurugi may be a cute anime katana fighter but she is nothing compared to playing characters like Boa Hancock in One Piece Pirate Warriors, or the characters available in Naruto Ninja Storm. This is just a taste, a demo of a game everyone wants but is sadly currently not available on PC..."
,Recommended,263620,12430650,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Al-fenrir,"Despite it's rather unpolished apearence and.... sort of, lack of story, this game can be rather entertaining to those willing to master it's soemwhat complex combat system. can be a bit frusttrating due to the punishement for the slightest margin of error, but other than that,a rather flashy,well thought and rather well executed hack and slash....Oh! and did i mention there's unloackables? there's quite a few. mostly costumes for the mian character, soem with an odd twist in difficultyto unlock, but it's soemthing to look forward to and work for."
76561198058278226,Not Recommended,263620,11765845,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Hyooo,"i like how the battle system with enemies,but i dont really like how they make it quite repetitive.it makes the game quite boring though it can be a good game.not recommended."
,Recommended,263620,21917750,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Renerade,"I was skeptical about this game at first. Watching the trailer of the main character fighting countless clones of baddies that seem to be spewed out by the generic henchmen generating machine kinda gave me Onechanbara: Bikini Samurai Squad flashbacks (and those aren't pleasant ones). But the combat managed to retain my attention. That clean, precise swordplay... the fast-paced action... those flashy lights and effects... the cool, slick, smooth moves... those tiny mini skirts - I mean, uh... those... totally practical mini skirts that don't impair one's ability to do high kicks so that one's undergarnments are pleasingly revealed - I mean... um... huh. Is it getting hot in here?At any rate, after buying the game (for pure critical analysis, of course), I noticed the first major issue: The control scheme. Instead of pressing the ""A"" button (I used the Xbox 360 controller for this experience) to select options in the menues, you have to press the ""START"" button. The reason for this is because the ""A"" button is mapped for jumping. Understandable. The ""A"" button is normally universally known as the ""jump button"", but you can't exactly jump in the main menu. Unless, of course, the developers didn't want the VSYNC option to leap out of the screen and into the realm of PHYSICAL REALITY.But I digress. Once you are able to get a clear picture of the control layout through intense study and getting a degree in reverse-psychology, the controls are failry well utilized. With a simply complex control scheme that complicates the simplicity of practicality... What I'm trying to say is that the combat is good fun. It's fast, it's direct. And simple combos mixed with dodging and countering makes pulling off some flashy moves fairly easy, resulting in you tearing off your shirt and twisting your nipples in triumph... I mean pounding your nipples in triumph. It's a real rush.The overall experience is reminisent of those old arcade games you once played as a kid. Time Crisis certainly comes to mind as it shares an almost identical formula. It had graphics that were pleasing to look at, the gameplay was simple and to the point, and you had a blast trying your hardest to get to the next stage without messing up the flow that you had created for yourself. Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is exactly all of that. A blast from the past, I say. And for a price of $9.99, I'd say that's a pretty fair (and shockingly cheap) deal for a game like this. Plus, watching your character kicking enemies in the face, with the skirt carefully peeling back from the angle of the kick to reveal those... strong... powerful thighs... um. Oh my.Excuse me, I need to go dump my head in toilet water."
,Recommended,263620,11000323,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Blade.Δ,"Definitely one of the Best 'Hack & Slash' games I've playedCombat system in this game is just superb.Even if you are new to these kind of games, you can dive straight in.chaining attack after another is a lot easier on player's endCutomeization and controls are very simply laid out,Allowing player get used to the game quickly.And like others, 'Pantsu May Cry'. 10/10"
,Recommended,263620,9415091,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Betsu,"If you're down for Flashy sword play, A combo counter and the occasional panty flash. This is the game for you. Personally I had fun..Little frustrating but you gotta learn the tricks of the trade with this one. Game's not perfect, There will be bs. So if you aren't ok with a few things happening that's completely outa your control, just do yourself a favor and stay away."
,Recommended,263620,9465004,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Razer Jin,This game is actually really fun
76561197973234684,Not Recommended,263620,11109476,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,megatom0,This game is just a horde mode beat em up. The combat is nice and I liked the dodge and counter mechanics. But the game just isn't much at all. I bought it for like $4 on sale so it isn't a bad purchase. I dunno I guess this game made me appreciate how much I need story and actual levels for a game.
,Not Recommended,263620,11445824,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,[YYFFM] U N I C O R N B O I Z,"It's like devil may cry if devil may cry wasn't very good. You have really limited options durring combat and enemies just kind of run into you. If you wanted porn, you can find it free on the internet, if you wanted a good game you should just pay the extra whatever and get devil may cry 3 or 4."
76561198057954780,Not Recommended,263620,30642252,Posted: 20 March,all,Blaze Rhodon,"I don't recommend this game. It is very boring and repetitive, it's all about to say. Whole game is fighting on the arena with successive waves of the enemies. Even Onechanbara Special for PlayStation Portable has more to offer and has more complexed mechanics despite of PSP limitations. You can play Onechanbara Special on PPSSPP emulator with full speed on average PC or on jailbroken PSP but you have to know Japanese language because this game was released only in Japan.I asked for refund and this time I got it because this game is so primitive that I haven't play even half hour to find it out."
,Recommended,263620,9439748,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Mask the Saitou,"Played the original japanese verGood japanese ver of a hack-n-slash game I've played (other than MGR n DmC)Controls - 8/10 (recommend using contoller)Fluidity - 8/10 (fullscreen lags abit)Voice - 7/10 (good VA)Attacks - 9/10 (flashy slashes n kicks)Upgrades - 10/10 (increases damage n makes att much more flashy)Difficulty - 10/10 (can have dark souls elements)Character - 11/10 (mostly eyecandy n panty shots)Enemy - 7/10 (mostly the same few enemies, but heh, its an indie game)Overall - 8.9/10"
,Recommended,263620,13003783,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Are those Gunnars?,"You need two hands to play this game greatly limiting the possible enjoyment one could have with such a game.Still i dont feel that dirty after playing it,6/9 would play again."
76561197982763862,Recommended,263620,12753114,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,KarasuShiro,"A surprise indeed, the game is solid, no bugs on sight, the controls responds like a charm and you feel more powerful each time you upgrade your character, wich is a big plus on this type of game. Its a basic Beat'em All straight from double dragon, street of rage and final fight : you see bad guys, you bash them. No complicated story, no side mini games or anything.  The story is just here to say it exists, the ending is a letdown but i did not care honestly.As a big plus, for once this kind of game doesnt use fan service to sell, exept a panty shot here and there during some evasive actions, nothing is oversexualized, and thats a good thing, same for the unlockables costumes."
,Recommended,263620,11167225,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Erbkaiser,"Ultra fast sword combat game. It is very easy to breeze through this but the ability to unlock more powerful moves and new costumes means you'll want to keep coming back to rack up that hit counter.Nicely animated and the game never seems unfair: if you get hit it's always because you overlooked something or didn't block in time, not because the game is cheap.While the story is non-existent you don't play a game like this for the story. You play it for the experience.Oh, and you can see her panties during most moves."
,Recommended,263620,13939104,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Alexis,Nice short story with nice effectMy thumbs grow six packs every wave especially boss fight if you use controller XD
,Recommended,263620,10529674,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Pudding,sugoi pantsu/10 game
,Recommended,263620,11435522,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Luxordius,It's just like one of my Chinese cartoons!
,Recommended,263620,9413131,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Realguile,"Slice and dice. Pretty simple concept, but a lot of fun. Some issues with the camara but good overall."
,Not Recommended,263620,19336793,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Niko,"bad game in my opinion,from what i  saw every map is a small arena reskined every level the enemies are easy and boring and the game isnt very creative, the main charcther is the only good thing and thats only cuz pantsu"
,Not Recommended,263620,20670937,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,RAH-EGO,"How this game got positive reviews, I'll never know. I was expecting Metal Gear Revengeance mixed with Heavenly Sword. Not even close. Every ""level"" is a square arena with flat textures and bad graphics. Your character doesn't even travel from room to room. There is no world in this game! Waves of Daft Punk rejects appear; you kill them with your sword; the next wave appears; repeat ad nauseam. That's it. I just described the entire game for you. Oh, but let's not forget the annoying bosses that pop up at the end of a few waves. They're exactly like the normal enemies, only they require the patience of a saint to defeat. The main character (I don't even know what her name is) looks kind of like Gogo Yubari from Kill Bill. Very cool, right? Too bad her sole purpose is to shriek in Japanese and flash her crotch. Great character development. The story can be summed up in two sentences. Your friend has a sword that steals souls. Go fight her. That's a wrap, people! Award-winning writing right there! The combat, which should be the highlight of a hack-and-slash game, is pitifully shallow. There are maybe four combos in your whole arsenal. The enemies barely make sounds when you hit them. The interesting features (i.e. replenishing your health by doing a dramatic sword sheath and being able to ""bleed"" opponents) cower in the gargantuan shadow of bad controls. (Really? Pressing forward on the joystick makes me perform a slow dash attack? I have to keep the joystick in a completely neutral position before I attack? Wonderful.) I played this game for about 45 minutes (which is remarkably HALF of its entire run-time) and asked for a refund. I know many, pre-teen boys will buy this hoping to see some hot, Japanese babes, but the game wasn't even worth the $2.50 USD I paid for it.  Go find babes somewhere else. Or self-respect. That works, too.   3/10."
76561198082819515,Not Recommended,263620,13112212,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Mister Marcus,"Let's make this an honest review, alright?  I will not crack stupid jokes about waifus and pantyshots, and you, dear reader, will take this review not as my scores states, but by taking into account what I said here.You see, this is not really a bad game. Its problem lies in the fact for WHO this game is. This game is, what I call, a ""You Tube watching"" game. The game is very short. A competent player can beat Normal Mode in around an hour or two at best. The enemies are not especially bright in how they fight and most of them can be beaten with one move -> Iai Slash. Once you get this to lvl 3 you can just hold the shoulder button and whack everything with Y. It defeats everything. Some bosses are cheap, but that is until you learn that every attack be Just Guarded. Pretty much till you get to the last Boss, you can dodge all boss attacks. At the last boss, you just Just Guard everything she does.THAT SAID HOWEVERThis game is pretty good for zoning out. Like, you are watching a You Tube video with a lot of talking and not much going on the screen. Its as if you are playing an MMO, just for people that like Hack and Slash games. The game however is VERY SHORT. Seriously, not much content on. Like an Arcade game. You beat the game and leave it. Beat it again and so on. Like a NES title of the old times.Can I recommend the game? No, I cannot. I got it personally because I like to fight something while watching long game reviews or when I listen to long talks on YouTube and such. I view a lot of movies that are mainly 30 minutes of someone talking and not showing anything on the screen. And this game, when set to easy, is perfect for this task.I bought it for 2,50 on a sale. It is not a bad game, just incredibly short and for a niche audience. Requires not much skill nor effort to play. Ideal if this is what you are looking for.Aside from all this -> During the one playthrough I made I encountered no bugs at all. ...well except for two annoyances, but these are not bugs. The camera will sometimes spaz if during a boss fight you dodge towards the enemy and hit their model, as if trying to pass throught them. Also, if you die and go to Upgrade menu - the game does not stop there. The enemy boss, even after beating you, will continue their assault despite the fact your character is dead and cannot be hit.Consider this buy if you are looking for an easy, short game. Its fun to slash people. The moves look great and you feel powerful. But that is all."
,Recommended,263620,9417301,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,CodeGears,RULES OF NATURE!!!!!!
,Recommended,263620,9438768,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Kesayangan Kuu,"A blatant copycat from a much more famous series titled 'Devil May Cry'. No. I'm not joking. Slap a girl in it, give her different attack animations and change the enemies and you get yourself Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae.Have I discouraged you yet? Well... don't be.To start off this review, the menu is... a little different. You get to look at the protagonist named Misa on your right and... she looks hot, alright. Furthermore, the main menu is also where you get to change her costume, though you unlock those costumes later on in the game. Oh, and on an unrelated note, you can view the changes in graphics by looking at Misa as you change the settings, which is pretty neat.The controls are pretty nimble. They're very responsive, but you are unable to customize your controls to your liking. You can only choose to play this game with default controls or play it like how you would in Devil May Cry (no surprise there, since the game bears so many resemblance to Devil May Cry that IT JUST LOOKS LIKE A MODDED GAME OF DEVIL MAY CRY FOR <censored>'S SAKE).The gameplay feels repetitive as you are showered with enemies for you to kick, punch and slash your wave through multiple waves before meeting a boss in each chapter, though as you progress to later chapters, you will fight deadlier enemies. Using your katana drains the katana gauge, and if depleted, you won't be able to use the katana unless you fill it up again by dealing melee attacks or killing an enemy. Health pickups can only be dropped once you kill a boss and your overall health stays the same amount with no chance of regeneration, even before starting a new chapter after completing the previous chapter (I seem to like this feature a lot, though it does make my teeth grit in frustration as I progress to a new chapter with only a considerable amount of health left). And as you progress to the game, the game awards you with SPs which you can use to unlock costumes or upgrade your character, as well as learning new skills.My verdict tells me that this game is a slight breath of fresh air if you're looking to play Devil May Cry as a female (assuming you got bored of playing as Dante) and if you're pessimistic enough or if you're a DMC fanboy/fangirl,  you will be disappointed with the game as it doesn't feel like the game is any different than Devil May Cry itself. However, if you can put all the blatant similarities aside, this game is genuinely fun and if you're a fan of hack-and-slash games (or Japanese girls, if you have that fetish), get it now while the game still offers a sale.Rather, just get it anyway. It's bloody cheap. You don't really need to wait for a sale unless you're in a tight budget."
,Recommended,263620,9509063,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,uraizen,"Combat mechanics are rock solid, a little light on content, and is basically the equivalent of if you were to sell DMC3 with Bloody Palace mode only. For the price, it's pretty good to have fun with. The bosses are undoubtedly the best part, especially the final chapter. If you like action games solely for their gameplay, then you'll like this."
,Recommended,263620,10295062,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Wizard,Swords .. Panties .. Blood SprayNothing more need be said.
,Recommended,263620,9411358,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,rizna,Nothing can beat pure Nippon steel.
,Not Recommended,263620,18388268,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Zborco-47,"As a fan of fighting games i am dissapointed ... You know something is wrong when you finish ""story"" mode in 90 minutes and you still got bored while playing .. Story mode is same levels over and over again with almost same enemies with boss at the end and with ""story"" that should not be even included because its so pointless and basic that you dont even know ... its fun probably for 30 minutes then you feel like there is nothing more .. and you are correct ... combat is smooth but boring with bad camera and same combos and enemies over and over again ... probably not best game for keyboard as well so gamepad is pretty much needed or maybe its just me .... only positive thing is probably model of your hero ... i expect more for 10 eurosSome people may like this and probably play it to achieve 100% achievments ... i am not that kind of person3/10"
,Recommended,263620,12251023,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Acromulus,Story: 3/10Gameplay: Schoolgirl/10Graphix: Pantsu/10Overall: 11/10
,Recommended,263620,10938614,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jaycen,"A haiku-Pantsu pantsu swordsSwords and pantsu good game yesWorth it, trailer good"
,Recommended,263620,10644199,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ForeVerse,A good dojo arena game. Has many abilities that can be chained and upgraded. Gaurds and dodging is impotant. Also the Pantsuuu~
76561198015229979,Recommended,263620,10001175,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,patyos,Great Entertaining Action Sword Fighting Survival game Fight hordes of enemies defeat  strong large bosses and show your skills with the swords
76561198083672888,Recommended,263620,13931696,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,DarkShadowBe,"10/10 Would buy again, I only paid 2,50€ but I'd easily give 10€ for this game .I LOVE THIS GAME !It has a simple objective : HACK YOUR WAY THROUGH WAVES OF ENEMIES, THEN BEAT THE BOSS .Great combat : Multiple combo's, special moves and flashdraws .Short but sweet story : Save your friend from the demonblade .Multiple looks : There are a good amount of outfits to unlock .Great graphics for an indie game .Good difficulty options .It's easy to hop in and out of because you can save after every wave .Good battle music .Overal great game 10/10"
76561198046839830,Recommended,263620,10689731,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,anikifox,I cant feel my fingers anymore: The Game
,Recommended,263620,10747253,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Graceland,"Currently got 18~ hours and counting - Trying to unlock everything.First things first - It's an Arena Hack n Slash. Don't expect fancy castles to run through, or a big universe to discover. It is an Arena Hack n Slash after all.Second - Use a controller. I havn't tried with a keyboard, and don't intend to, but a controller works perfectly. The controls are pretty easy to figure out, and the reactions are smooth. If there's problems you can always rebind the controls to fit, and you can also check the tutorial and the upgrade shop for what abilities are binded to what.You're playing as a Japanese school girl who is trying to stop her classmate from turning evil due to a possessed sword. The story is not exactly huge - it's basicly just that; You're trying to stop your classmate from turning evil. So the story is not the huge selling point.There's a couple of different enemies, and as you go through the levels, newer and stronger appears.You can initially choose 3 difficulties - the AI gets stronger and more aggressive as the difficulty goes up. Once you've completed the initial 3 difficulties (or rather, you just need to win on hard) you unlock Very Hard, which you need to beat to unlock Inferno (from what I've heard atleast - I'm only on Very Hard so far). This means that you'll have to figure your way through the various difficulties by understanding each enemy's mechanics and how to counter them.There's an upgrade shop in which you can spend points, earned throughout the game by killing enemies, to learn new skills or/and upgrade your current ones to do more damage, have a longer range, consume less energy (Katana Gauge in this game, which is acquired by either using attacks that doesn't require the sword, or by using ""Zenshin"" which is the withdrawal of the sword to finish bleeding enemies).The game also has the mechanic of ""bleeding"" - in which the enemies becomes more vulnerable, and can take extra damage from ""Zenshin"", which is a type of finisher, that, actually, also serves as a healing ability if enough attacks are executed.There's also the ability to Guard, Perfect Guard (+ counter) and Flourish.Guard is, well, where you hold the parry button. You can guard most attacks, but regular guard can also be broken if enough hits are taken in a row.Perfect Guard is when you parry on the timing of when an attack will hit you - You can Perfect Guard anything (though sometimes you'll be hit by several things in a row, which means you might not be able to perfect guard the next attack in time). You can, if upgraded / bought, use a counter after perfect guarding to deal back some damage.Flourish.... The strongest ability in the game, but incredibly hard to learn aswell. It's like perfect guard, however, you have to be even better in the timing. The difference between Flourish and Perfect Guard is (except you have to ""buy"" Flourish) is that Flourish is an attack - not a parry. Flourish essentially uses the attack of the enemy, where right before said attack actually hits you, to counter attack with an incredibly power attack. This skill is most probably essential to get down and learn if it's of the interest to beat Very Hard / Inferno.The game is fairly short per difficulty, but the next difficulties takes more and more time because you have to go through more and more enemies.To make it short:Pros:- A smooth Arena Hack n Slash (comboing is pretty easy)- Easy to learn, difficult to master (I suck at using Flourish)- Nice artstyle, which is also appealing.- Unlockables- Entertaining if interested in Japanese, and hack and slash.- Controller recommended (I find this to be a Pro, as I prefer when these types of games needs to be used with a controller - Keyboard / Mouse just doesn't fit hack and slash).- Japanese school girl (Pantsu!)- Various mechanics (especially Bleed, Perfect Guard, Flourish)Cons:- Repetitive (Most people don't like repetitive game, though I enjoy this game atleast)- Short / Underdeveloped story (this games selling point is the actual gameplay for an Arena Hack n Slash, not the story).I recommend it, with a score of probably 8/10 in the Hack n Slash genre.A little side note (a rant if you may) - For those who review games, while having played less than atleast 5~ hours of the game... Don't bother reviewing - The ""recommend"" reviews that says nothing but ""Pantsu"" isn't an actual review, nor is the rant about how the game is supposedly bad while having 0.2hrs of gameplay (Seriously - Atleast try to play the game for a bit before complaining... It might be that you just suck at the game, not that the mechanics are awful)."
,Recommended,263620,21396540,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,LastOfArcadia,"I own this on X1/PS4/PC and I love it.  This is not a game that I would recommend if you are looking for hentai or are an otaku (very little of that here).  However, if you like arena fighters and want to support a very small Japanese indie company, I would recommend this without hesitation."
,Recommended,263620,13595045,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,zabymoli,"If it is reduced, buy it. It has no story, but is much fun. Upvote!"
76561198045803099,Recommended,263620,9709502,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Heretic Tom,"arcade style action, awesome boss battles, and a modest character upgrade system, all add to the samurai/mecha/kaiju/upskirt fun. a gamepad is required to experience said fun."
,Recommended,263620,28976016,Posted: 3 January,all,Benjamin aka DbIM,"Why havent i played this before ? This game is amazing !If you want a beat em up that features mechanics, anime-like style, katanas and tons of mobs to kill then THIS gem is for you. Also note the price !"
,Recommended,263620,13426855,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Tabula Rasa,"This game is not very good.But I like it anyway.It's dumb, repetitive, and gets really ♥♥♥♥ing difficult. But I still think it's a lot of fun despite it's negative qualities.Project Grade: B-"
,Not Recommended,263620,10942534,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Slayer Jim,I truly wanted to like this game but its just so damn boring and repetitive. You have very little variety of attacks and the game takes place on the same circular arena the entire time and just fight waves of the same enemies. I thought this was gonna be some fun Senran Kagura clone but its pretty much feels like an endless demo. I literally fell asleep playing this 5 minutes in.
,Not Recommended,263620,13940855,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Craft4,"Jump into an arena and ""hack + slash"". There is not much variation, the upgrades are pretty pointless.It is entertaining for 30 Minutes, afterwards boring."
76561198086455417,Not Recommended,263620,13973705,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,엘르,"Boring beyond belief.If you want a good hack and slash go play MGR, if you want a good anime beat-em-up with better gameplay and way more♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥ go play Senran Kagura."
,Not Recommended,263620,13990190,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,AROAH The Cuckboi,"Do you like Dynasty Warriors? Well, don't play this game, because this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awful at trying to be like Dynasty Warriors.I've never seen a game so unapologetically reuse the same enemy model over and over again.There's no variety in the gameplay, outside of some of the enemies are different colors or sizes. You use the same three attacks over and over, and for some reason putting your sword back in its sheathe does more damage than most of your attacks. Perhaps it's some weird meta statement about how you should stop playing them game, because that's the only way you'll ever be happy, again.It's ♥♥♥♥ing terrible, lazy, incomprehensible garbage, and you'd do best to stay far, far away."
76561198139110860,Not Recommended,263620,14731752,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,eDgY AniMie,"Don't take my opinion on this, I just had a bad time with it and it had some really awkward camera angles,"
,Not Recommended,263620,14970793,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Tox,"Pretty boring gameplay.  Bad enemy AI, no interesting combos, it's just button mashing, you just fight waves of enemies in a circular arena until they go away, cutscene plays, rinse and repeat.I would not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,263620,16221209,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Kyukairi,"The bosses in this game... are so damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that it gave me aids. they block 1 hit u cant carry on, you block 1 of their hits they just keep hitting you untill they decide they are done... try to dodge, nah screw you ur not dodging because these bosses are gods or some♥♥♥♥♥♥and then there is that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ animation where u just stand still for 10 years just to put ur sword away..."
,Not Recommended,263620,16241424,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ScopeRaven,This is sheit
,Not Recommended,263620,15821462,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Eas,Repetitive and boring button mashing against waves of clones. There's nothing more to it. You literally run around in a circle killing 100 enemies looking the same for 20 minutes who come in waves at you. After that you get a uninspired boss-fight and another 10 second-cutscene. Even for 2€ this is a ripoff.
76561198048889608,Recommended,263620,35326807,Posted: 30 September,all,MarkSinister,Thumb killing slasher. The game can get repeatitive but it is fun once you unlock all the special moves. But god it does kill your thumbs doing it. Also the Boss fights at Hard and up is Crazy!! Two hits can kill you!!The only real gripe I have is the Training mode. I would have love to have the option to test out my combos when I maxed out all my abilities. Learning to do a counter and Flourish in the game is annoying. Would have been better if you could've picked your own enemy and train to do your counters on them in train mode.Other than that it's fun to play.
,Recommended,263620,9445883,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Aether-Eel,"I wouldn't let my child play this for the life of me.This game is loaded with upskirts, blood and insane combos.I wanted to fap, but the enemies wouldn't let me. 10/10"
,Recommended,263620,9439106,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,ナカジマ アツシ NOT ENEMY,"PLAYED IT YOU HIT PEOPLE IS FUN, KINDA BAD AT EXPLAINING STUFF BUT WHEN YOU REALIZE HOW TO THINGS IT BECOME FUN."
,Recommended,263620,10607426,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,fuckuglygod,it's like dark souls but good
,Recommended,263620,10645371,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Replicant,There's no shimapan.2/10
,Recommended,263620,9489526,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,GraveJoker,"It's a pretty fun game other than it being very short, can be beat in an hour and a half. obviously game was made for different console for the buttons it shows to push are not the same as shown on keyboard, And the achievements within the game have some more than what is layed out for steam achievements. Oh and while playing game the achievements will not show until you fully exit the game for which the achievements you've earned will pop up on your screen all at once"
,Recommended,263620,9482235,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,PM Will,"This is the type of  game that I could see only at a coin arcade operating and have no clue but to just play it,  It has a Rocking Tune and the English subtitles gives that nice touch to it. Yeahhh don't expect a lot from this ""action game"". Make it fun gives you power ups,combos and foes in your view to slicing up!"
76561198315355571,Recommended,263620,29403056,Posted: 21 January,all,MasterJinta,nice
76561198106011053,Recommended,263620,9813322,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,RenegadePanda,"Not many other games offer this many panty shots for the price.  The value of the game is exceeded in those alone.But beyond that, there's a solid, fluid action game with some occasionally odd controls (controller strongly recommended).  The actual fighting is quite good, though it's limited to the same circular arena with different backgrounds, but once you get the hang of it, it's incredibly fun despite being rather simplistic.  On that note, the game does seem to spike wildly between insultingly easy and frustratingly difficult.There is a story, but it's the typical cliched anime nonsense, nothing special, but that's typical if games in this area.  The graphics, while not mind blowing, are very well done overall, though the environments are completely barren outside of the backdrop of each stage.  The music is fairly standard as well, but it fits the action well enough.And of course there's the fanservice.  Oh, the fanservice.  Should that really make me like it more?  No.  But I'd be lying if I said it didn't.For 10 bucks, you could certainly do a lot worse that Mitsurugi."
,Recommended,263620,9614547,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Infindox,"Not a bad beat-em-up, to be honest. I was expecting it to be worse from the other reviews. Very short on content, but for $10 it's fun, and that's all I ask for."
76561198031151469,Recommended,263620,10666133,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Fastplant,A very good hack and slash game for the priceThe game play remind me of 一騎当千 シャイニングドラゴン for the ps2the story line fits the game nicely and is not to deep that it get lost translationPlay with a game controller for the best experienceoverall a good looking game and you cant go wrong with two  かわいい、& セクシー maiden warriors
,Recommended,263620,10751469,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,OriginalVin,"Man, this game is awesome! Already had it from Playism, but I bought it again here during the Steam Sale to support the devs and publisher. For 2 1/2 bucks, this is probably the best arcade experience you're going to find on modern PC.It's just stylish battles in arenas, and there isn't a ton of enemy variety. The visuals are a little basic, but the character models - especially main character, Misa - look fantastic, as do the bigger enemies (not so much the guys in suits who look like Daft Punk imo).That stylish arena battling, the real meat of the game? It has plenty of depth to provide for really  intense combat that ramps up pretty quickly. And it's just addicting failing > purchasing upgrades > trying again, just because you keep doing better and better. It's definitely one of those games where all the upgrades are hefty. You feel their impact immediately after hopping back into the game. The way upgrades should be.I highly recommend this title. At $15, $10 or (like it is now) $2.49. As long as you dig intense combat and arcadey gameplay every now and then. This game does a fantastic job at providing this experience!"
,Recommended,263620,10758612,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jeb Dapperton,"An addicting hack and slash game. It's actually really fun and challenging. The combos are really fluid and fun, the combat is just as fast and will make sure to keep you on your toes. It's overally a really satisfying game to play."
,Recommended,263620,10831341,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,iq,"If you like to take screenshot of cute japanese girls in short skirt with a white pansty, just buy it.But!! if you get angry quickly,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off or whatever, when you are always failing your parry/counter, or if you really don't like weirdo gameplay, mechanics, don't buy it, or you will probably need to buy a new gamepad.Well there is one thing who really disapointed me, I was really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, I almost wanted a refund. it's worse than failing a flourish against the second boss, well all bosses.There isnt any titbanging,"
76561198035562721,Recommended,263620,10881397,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,chinka chaika,"if you like nipponese women and superior samurai sword play, you'll probably like this game"
,Not Recommended,263620,12122586,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,MasterBaite,Hum... This game sucks... A lot.Don't buy it unless it's like 50 cents.Terrible hack 'n slash.
76561198054035702,Recommended,263620,13382586,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Horn To Kill,"I been throught alot of things, but this game made me focus TOO MUCH!! i'm not saying is better than other hack and slash games, but still a good game! i played, i replayed, i got rage sometimes in inferno difficulty, but i made it! i really enjoyed this game even been very short, love it the costumes, i wish if could have a maid costume.I hope you can feel what i feel when playing this game."
,Not Recommended,263620,13539587,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kyle,I don't even remember buying this what. It's short and it's repetitive.
,Not Recommended,263620,13651116,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,This Bomb is Samauri Jack,"First off, not only is this game not made well but it's stupid story and terrible combat is just not worth the effort(even if you are using a controller, i bet it still isn't that decent). i bet if i beat the game, i won't get a spectacular ending. it'll just be bland.The graphics, while it may not be anything special, it's decent.The music, it's ok. it sounds like a 45-50 second loop that repeats over and over(how delightful -_-).The story, it's about some girl that got possessed by a demon sword and her friend has to end her life because she is ""consumed by the evil of this sword"".  Seriously, a sword? how about a physical demon or devil? That's like saying that my shoes are possessed by the devil and those who wear them will become evil.Also, the characters aren't all too important either. Even though their are plenty of panty shots of one of these girls, it doesn't make the game any better. It's just there to encourage you to beat the game and that doesn't work on me.The enemies, seem to be all the same except color change and more health with little to no variationThe camera never focuses on your enemies, except for the boss. Oh jeez, remember Sonic '06 with the horrible camera? well, that's exactly where this game is taking it's camera lessons from.The bosses take a while to kill and that's respectible but you would think the first boss would be a piece of cake, right? No, it's not. Non of them are, so if you want to beat the game, then train hard and kill anything in sight without taking too much damage or dying too much.In conclusion, i just can't recommend this game by how bad it is. Forget about the stupid and irrelevant Boobs andPantsu images. It doesn't matter in this game and it shouldn't matter at all. For those who want to play a REAL Hack n' slash game that's exciting, don't get this game at full price, as it'll make you wonder why you wasted nearly $10 on a game that doesn't look or play all too special."
,Not Recommended,263620,13914159,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Satan,"Remember what made Devil May Cry, or hell, any other beat 'em up fun? Yeah, it's not here.There are boobs, so there's that."
,Recommended,263620,13955891,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Echo Tensei,"So like, Pantsu aside... The combat and upgrade system is actually pretty decent. The game is short for sure, but the ability to carry over your stats and increase the difficulty definitely adds some replay value.  Story? Well really there is none lol, and the characters lack any sort of introduction or proper characterization so don't expect to get familiar with anyone.Still, the models are pretty, the combat is fun. If you have a game-pad and $5 it's not a bad way to pass time. ;D"
76561198029705947,Recommended,263620,10629861,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Singapore 63,Bought it cause i didn't have enough money for Castle Crashers 8/10
,Recommended,263620,10808100,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,hippo,i didnt know what to expect at first but then i saw panties
76561198128984507,Recommended,263620,10591626,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,Panties FTW
76561198043775227,Not Recommended,263620,13900894,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,BeRzErKeR,"Game mechanics lack flow. Upgrades make it even worse. Grew tired after second wave, but kept playing without improvement."
,Recommended,263620,15818945,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Splinter,"MKH is mainly a style-over-substance affair, but there's enough fun to warrant buying on sale. If anime schoolgirls fighting Power Ranger goons and things that look like Metal Gear RAY appeals to you, you may want to check it out."
76561198010773264,Not Recommended,263620,16143333,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Jimson [SG],"Budget BayonettaTake this as a positive review when the game is on sale. Competant Bayonetta/DMC clone that unfortunately is not deep enough or long enough to be worth the full asking price. There isn't much game here. Expect to fight lots of the same enemies in the same octogon of playable area. The gameplay is fun, but not very deep and frustrating when it shouldn't be. Your rolling has no ability to push enemies or go around them, because their collision data seems to be a giant square around them. Because of this, getting even almost surrounded means death. Even slower hack-n-slash influenced games like Dark Souls and The Witcher have much better and reliable rolling.Despite this, there is fun to be had in the gameplay, at the very least during levels. Bosses are another level of frustration.Bosses have extremely frustrating collision and hitboxes, and beating the bosses involves memorizing where the damage zones for their attacks are, because they don't actually correspond to the effects at all. Most noticeable on the stage 2 boss, whose punches seem to project a damage aura anywhere in front of his body. If you play enough, you realize that the vast majority of these attacks can only be avoided when rolling in 1 direction, so the difficulty comes from finding out which direction this is. Try rolling directly into attacks first, as this seems to be the only way to beat the lock on tracking everyone but you has.Will entertain you for an afternoon. Don't pay more than $2.50 or it's not worth it."
,Not Recommended,263620,17155746,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Tararabbit111279,"This really sounded like a cool game, I tried really hard to like this game, but it just falls short in so many ways.Who wouldn't want to take control of a sexy, anime, katana-wielding schoolgirl that slices and dices her enemies?The premise of the game is that the heroine has to hunt down and dispatch of her best friend, after her friend takes posession of a cursed demon sword. That's about as much story as I got. I played this game for an hour, beat the first boss and there was zero plot/story development.Initially, combat is alot of fun. You can jump, block, dodge, beat enemies with your fists or katana and unleah powerful holy attacks. Every time you use your Katana, it drains your katana bar, using mele attacks on enemies refills your katana bar. In order to unleash special attacks, you have to sucessfully hit your enemies with your basic attacks in order to unleash special holy attacks. If you take a hit, it puts your combo gague back to zero. Killing your enemies earns you SP which you can then spend on upgrades.However, after about 10 minutes the combat becomes bland and uninspired. You fight waves and waves of enemies that are essentially identical, with identical attacks. New enemies are just reskins. Combat takes place in a closed-off, ring-like area, where you fight waves of trash and eventually a boss appears. After beating a boss, move on to the next circular arena where you fight more waves of reskinned enemies with the same music and background. Upgrades you purchase don't feel special or meaningful.This game has 3 difficulty levels, but the difficulty hardly seemed to matter in any meaningful way.ProsGreat Controller supportCombat is smooth and glitch freeLots of achievementsConsNo plot/story developmentEnemies are boring reskinsLack of meaninful environemntal interaction during combat eventually makes the game incredibly boringCombat is incredibly repetitiveFinal Verdict 5/10Don't buy this game unless you are getting it on sale for at least 50% off"
,Not Recommended,263620,17275298,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Faustika,i have everything to play this game but i see black screen Blind/10
,Not Recommended,263620,17501794,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,AND HIS NAME IS JHON CENA!,unless you know how to control the game which is absolute bulls*** becse the conrols are as followsattack is i no not m-1 as you woud expect then the rest of the buttons are jumpled about the keybord with the sole intent to♥♥♥♥♥♥the player right of.Also is this a popular trope of these sort of fighting games where the camera is rammed right up the players♥♥♥♥♥♥you cant conrol the camera and it ends up f***ing off somewhere to get takeoutand for newcomers gl becase thers no tutorial to get used to some of the buttons right away noooooo you just spam J and I  and hope for the best.0/10 absoulte nobs
76561198063544561,Not Recommended,263620,17512875,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Tokyo Death Metal,so bad.. just dont
,Not Recommended,263620,17715087,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Minister,good anime
,Not Recommended,263620,17923120,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Glaedr,"Before I say why this game is bad, I'm just gonna say I beat the game multiple times on multiple difficulties and got all the upgrades in a very short time, so I'm not some whiny loser who can't get beat the game and cries in a review about it.Anyways, the combat is bad. Hack and slashes are all about exciting combat with a variety of enemies that could kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you don't really know what you're doing on higher difficulties, but that is not the case in this game. You can spam basically whatever the heck you want, sheathe your sword, then do a massive amount of damage to bleeding enemies. Not really what I would call exciting or execution heavy by any means. The most functional form of combat is nothing but guard-cancelling your slashes, which is awfully boring because the enemies are designed so poorly that you can do this to literally anything, including the bosses.The story is non-existent. Not really a problem if you're just playing for the gameplay, but for those who do want a story, this is not the game for you. You kill some random enemies that are apparently demons and you're chasing down this girl  who was apparently your best friend and you end up fighting her twice. Real great story. I personally don't care, but this is not a game you buy for the story.The level design is weak. It's basically a generic survival-mode where you fight a few waves of enemies that are supposed to get harder with each wave and then you fight a boss in the end. This wouldn't be too bad if there was a lot of enemy variety and it was actually progressed in difficulty, but unfortunately, it's just the same enemies over and over for each level.The length of the game is way too short considering it has little to no replay value. Anybody can beat this game under 2 hours. Not much to say about that.TL;DR - Buy the game if you want to waste a couple dollars or something you'll play for 2-8 hours, then never touch again. If you're really bad at hack and slash"
,Not Recommended,263620,17496711,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,cupmeme,this is like if you took metal gear rising and made it anime garbage and also made the gameplay♥♥♥♥♥♥and took away every enemy type except like two of them♥♥♥♥ anime
,Not Recommended,263620,17532757,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Astor Reinhardt,"The game looks beautiful, but sadly it's hardly possible to play with the keyboard and mouse...so I can't play it.If you play with a controller, then your good to go."
,Recommended,263620,18541518,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Megu,"A fitting sequel to Go! Go! Nippon!. Immersive, though the lack of romantic options is a slight turn-off, this new visual novel will leave even hardcore VN enthusiasts satisfied."
,Not Recommended,263620,14943713,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is an arena fighter that feels like an unfinished product. The combat boils down to button mashing and dodging and basically knowing how to break and combo enemies. Which isn't hard given the limited number that exist. The bosses offer some unique challenge but much of the game is just tedious grind. It has decent graphics but overall is marred by poor gameplay, lack of story or feel of progression and limited enemies (nonexistent level variety). The camera is also literally the worst I've ever seen and I've been gaming for a long time. Cannot recommend."
,Recommended,263620,10546204,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Just fucked my PC,"For its cheap price, Mitsurujai Kamyouee Hickey offers an action game experience like no other. It serves up a blend of unique mechanics and expects you to play with them to devastating and gory effect. If there was no blood splatter, this would be a solid 12+."
,Recommended,263620,11164510,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,King Crimson,You press buttons. Then you press some more buttons. Sometimes you see a bit of pantsu.11/10 it's okay.
76561198306048409,Recommended,263620,23039726,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,[Harmony]~,"good game, controls can be a bit awkward to get attatched to. other than that it's a basic cheap hack and slash game with a good pick up and play attitude."
,Recommended,263620,9599511,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Amt,"Great fighting game.Pros:1. Good character art. You will especially notice it during the cutscenes, just how good the character art is. There may or may not exist better today, but it's still beautiful in my eyes.2. Good graphics. Pretty much the same as above, except this one is meant for the environment, enemies etc. The background graphics is ALMOST as good as the character art. The enemies are well made too, albeit kind of out of place for a story like this one, or maybe that's just me.3. Cool moves and attacks. Some of them are really worth upgrading to full lvl not only in terms of dmg, but also to make them even cooler.4. Bosses are insanely hard even on normal difficulty and that's where the game really shines in my opinion.5. The camera is great during boss fights.6. Pantsu.Cons:1. The game is fought in ""waves"" with the 5th one (or was it 6th?) being a boss. That in itself is good and all, but what I dislike are the waves themselves. The enemies in the waves seem mostly brain dead (except for one or two who actually take skill to defeat). In short, you can pretty much just spam attacks on them and you will be fine.2. The maps / levels are fought on a platform and thus offers very little space. I'd rather it have a bigger map and where you have to MOVE from point A to point B just to give a simple answer to an alternative.3. The camera during ""waves"" is just...Awful beyond words. It's so awful that you... Just kill the waves quickly 'kay?4. Like I kind of said at no. 1, the game feels repetitive during waves and unless you want to practice or want to try out a new skill you bought, you really just want to eliminate the waves quickly.Conclusion:It's a great fighting game, albeit a very short one (I completed it in about 4h but I didn't buy all the upgrades either) but it is worth the money. DURING a -50% or at least -25% sale. I give it 7/10.TL;DR if you like pantsu, fighting games and anime styled games, then... BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,263620,13957389,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Demigore,Excuse me while I hack and slash!
,Recommended,263620,10962390,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Cumdaddie,Pantsu + Weird grunting noises.12/10
,Not Recommended,263620,14959957,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"An average arena hack and slash with pretty character models, but the painful monotony, lack of enemy variety and choppy controls hamper that same beauty, ruining what potentialMitsurugi Kamui Hikaemight have had."
76561198219932543,Recommended,263620,22757531,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Alice,"It’s a really good fighting game, it’s not the best fighting game out there, just a nice addition for fighting fans, it could have had more enemy variety but again, I weigh up on the scales what I paid on sale, to game content and was satisfied.If you won’t triple A content then move on, other than that it’s a simple pick up and play game."
76561198008724226,Not Recommended,263620,17973045,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Kron,The most boring action I ever saw. Low amount of types of enemies and combos. No customisation and adequate story. Just sensless beating of unending waves of undying foes.
,Recommended,263620,11287087,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,真「SHiN」,"Bought this for $2.49 from last sale. Gameplay is straight forward, the story is very short, level design is repetitive, and has limited enemy variety. You can't go around exploring areas, but instead you are tossed in to a small area and kill waves of what appears to be Daft Punk having access to cloning vats. The selling point of this game is the cute gir— Uh, I mean, the selling point is the panti— *ahem* One of the best part of the game is the combat. It's varied and deep akin to other hack and slash games like Devil May Cry and Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance. On my first playthrough, blocking was tricky for me and it's not as forgiving as the parry mechanic in MGR. But yeah, it was my first playthrough and the game is replayable (*ahem*getting*ahem*that*ahem*school*ahem*uniform*ahem*unlock*ahem*).For a game that cost me next to nothing, Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is one attractive and fun hack and slash. Oh and pantsu."
76561198020702021,Recommended,263620,9416972,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Shada Mori,"Excellent arcade style hack and slash action with good eye candy. Not the most complex game but for something to pick up and play quick and have a blast, its pretty hard to beat. Controller highly recommended, even though you can play with keyboard. For less than 10$ its totally worth it."
,Recommended,263620,9434886,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,ルーン,almost as good as go go nipponalmost
,Recommended,263620,9419824,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Enukonda,"Arena type hack n' slash game with Amazing gameplay, beatiful graphic's, top notch voice acting and a rocking soundtrack, only minus is that it might be a bit short took me about 2 hours to beat, but there's alot to unlock like cool new moves and costumes."
,Recommended,263620,9422914,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,AndyMan!,its a game were you hack and slash an army of DaftPunk clones and you control a japanes school girl10/10 would hack again
,Recommended,263620,9460253,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,hearse,Never played DMC3 but Im pretty sure this is just like it but with a hot schoolgirl as the main character.Starts off kinda meh but once you unlock more skills it gets cuhrayzee
,Recommended,263620,10991690,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,shi,"Swords, panties and hours of fun.This game right here is all I need.*bows down*15/5 - Game of the century"
,Recommended,263620,9435704,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Latis,"Do you want to mindlessly kill hordes of enemies while beign a japanese schoolgirl?Do you also want some pantsu with that?Well, if you want a fun little game like that look no further and buy this."
,Recommended,263620,10918726,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,lemons,Pretty fun game.Pros:-School Girls-Knee High Socks-Pantsu-Just like Japan xD-Fanservice-lolzCons:-Not enough pantsu-Needs more pantsu-The lack of pantsu10/10I saw upskirts.
,Recommended,263620,26581019,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Lagitta,Vergil's Daughter ._.
,Recommended,263620,13635533,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,cosec,Flying skirts and blazing katanas. Sold.
,Not Recommended,263620,10823572,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sakura,"A waste of money - had to figure out keybindings myself, game is to hard even on easy, there are to many 'waves' in fights againist enemy's. Boring.... The characters look nice, thats about it."
76561198043999933,Not Recommended,263620,16803509,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Chocolate Loli·pop,"Revengeance meets Gearcrack Arena. Pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ overall, but you can do that anime thing where you kill people by sheathing your sword, so tha's cool."
,Recommended,263620,9556609,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,andre,pantsu
76561197961216983,Recommended,263620,9434806,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Face.Palm,"The monster wave style setup can be a little repetitive. But, the gameplay is actually quite fun and requires some skill especially when playing hardmode right off the bat. The developers kept it fairly simple and there is great potential in the game - that is if they had spent further time to polish up the system while adding a lot more features. But, for the price not a bad deal."
76561198029520514,Not Recommended,263620,10686997,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Neɪθ: Artist for hire,"Im sorry, I just cant reccomend this game........Im a big fan of stylish beatemups like this, but it just doesnt seem to do anything well. There's no fluidity between offense and defense, so unless you've rounded every enemy up into a corner (which already takes away from the style and flash games like this are supposed to provide) prepare to ALWAYS be struck in the back mid combo. I constantly find myself hoping I could cancel my attack animations and black/counter like one would in the Batman Arkham series.That was my biggest problem, but even without that, its brought down by many other factors such as bland AIs and limited movepool.The game is definietly flashy, but they seem to have foregone basic mechanics in the process..."
,Recommended,263620,9418459,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,hell_phone,"Yup, exactly what you're expecting by the  screenshots and videos. Expect enough panties as if you were watching your regular eechi,  Expect  nice  combat as well, expect to be worth every cent and expect that it's  200 mb.What else do you want? a bj? becasue it might have it  too. You will have to find that for yoruself now tough.Awesome Gmae will craft the badge."
76561197995014904,Recommended,263620,10947142,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Karak Sonen,"""HUA HEEE YIAAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH HUA HEE YIAAH"" and pantsu."
,Recommended,263620,10656663,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mr. Green,Just buy this.
,Recommended,263620,9437025,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Randy Orton,"Cheap and simple, yet addictive game, good for killing time in the afternoons"
,Recommended,263620,9424337,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Souls,Not as bad as it looks
,Not Recommended,263620,15690099,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Hyperchaotic,"Too boring. Same locations, same enemies, same game mechanics. Not worth it."
,Not Recommended,263620,17465517,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Dominator Bob,"Worst hack and slash game I have ever played.-Shallow combat system-Terrible explanation of mechanics, even in tutorial-Horrible upgrade system, descriptions are minimal-Annoying voice acting consisting of high-pitched screaming and repetitive reaction lines-Low enemy variety-Dodge has unnoticable invincibility frames, if any-Unbalanced difficulty-Enemy animation does not respond to attacks except when ""bleeding""-Bosses give no indication of attacks; attacks are often cheap-Little to no buffer for bosses-Music is terribly looping and forgettable-Sound effects do not give feeling of satisfying response when attacking enemies-Lackluster stage design; every stage is an arena guantlet-Nonexistant story-Horrible cameraI cannot reccomend this game to anyone, even hack and slash enthusiasts."
,Recommended,263620,12878724,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Cnsu,PANTSU 10/10
,Not Recommended,263620,17484926,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Kiba +_+,"Pantsu May Cry.As slasher guru, i would say - buy this if you suit this description :  you're maniac weeaboo who loves slashing enemies, scream random japanese phrases with unknown meaning and watching main hero showing her panties at the same time. In other case, you should skip this, really. This game is too japanese : mafia-powerrangers-like enemies and other drug things.Some fanservice included,so players could be happy about it ;) Still, not for everyone.P.S.I enjoyed this game so far and got all of the achievements. Ahh,who cares...BOKU WA MITSURUGI!P.P.S.Hentai content : 404 =\"
,Recommended,263620,10626286,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DADDY DA SCUM,"The best game about Japanese schoolgirls and pantsu^o^Interesting characters.Interesting combo.But, quickly bored because monotony.Worth the money.Five stars."
,Recommended,263620,10635737,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Phite,What the ♥♥♥♥ am I doing with my life...
,Recommended,263620,10684337,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,IoriBestGirl #CRAWLING,"Well, I wasn't expecting much to be honest, but for 2.49 dollars, why not?Next thing I know, I'm making 200hit combos and having a lot of fun.Also, pantsu. Definitely buy."
76561198062693292,Recommended,263620,9463836,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,JPCSOLID,I realy like this game its fun and it has up skirts HONEY SES YES!!!!
76561198080024376,Recommended,263620,9997369,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,dmangamer242,"Hey guys XD here and am here to recommend Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae to people like me who like hack and slash games with hand to hand combat and blood. But the best feature for the men like me is the girls swinging around katanas in short skirts and all the up-skirt action as you watch them fight zombies and demonds and each other. If you say that not one of the reasons you got this game your lying and you know who you are ._. Anyways this game is about two girls who where bestfriends. They come from a bloodline of sword templelars and were trained in the art of the fight before they could walk good as children. So you know they are flexable and could fight :3 They wear the japanese schoolgirlgirl uniform look and have really nice bodies. ._. But everything went to hell when one of the girls realised her fighting abilities and seeing how powerful a  old sword that was sealed  away by their people back in the old days is. That they were suppose to guard and keep from falling into wronge hands got the idea that if she steal the sword and with her fighting abilities she could take over the world. So she litterally turned against her clan and best friend for power and unleashed the power of the sealed blade and summonded the undead zombies, demonds, fiends and other crap at everyone to kill them. Laughting and looking as sadistic as ever with sickly expressions. Now it's up to the next girl who trained with as childhood friends to stop her ex-best friend and kill all those things she summonded out of that old cursed blade before she turns the world into hell on earth. Alright, there you have it in a a little nut-shell if you like these types of games you could check this one out. If not go some where else and play another game or something."
,Recommended,263620,23593982,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,★ KeenH | Mayuri,"Peek Pantsu Simulator. Yes, Pantsu.(+):-This game is pretty fun, at least for me-Black Pantsu-White Pantsu-Cute main character-Upgradeable skills-Additional outfits/costumes(-)-Boring stage-Short game, only have 4 stage in total-Dull enemy, but they can be annoying sometimes if you lower your attentionI recommend this game for you who like hack n' slash game genre, but still, i advice you only buy this game when sale coming."
,Recommended,263620,21803358,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,PINDU,yes
,Recommended,263620,10935164,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,GeriatricSix,"Just get it. Especially while it's still dirt cheap. Pantsu, robots, skirts, tough hostiles, and a Katana without a fedora to accompany it. What's not to like? Also Pantsu."
,Recommended,263620,10941450,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,123GermanGamer,"Oh my gawd!Ok,lemme just have a checklist here:Japanese Schoolgirls ✔Demons ✔Holy Swords ✔Beat 'em up or Hack'n'Slay style Gameplay ✔Anime Graphics ✔English Subtitles and Japanese Voices ✔Upgrades ✔Unlockables ✔Achievementes ✔If you like these things, this game ist just for you! I love the design, the gameplay (alltough playing with a keyboard is kinda hard, at least at the beginning) and even the story,alltough it's kinda simple! The summer sale makes it even better because you only Pay 2.49€ (Dunno the price in $) Its one on the better games on Steam!"
,Recommended,263620,10631821,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NeoShadow3173,this game is very fun once you get used to the controls its a lot of fun to just slash away at allt he different enemies plus lets face it school girl and PANTIES
,Recommended,263620,10946422,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sl33py [Riju],"A surprisingly-fun beat-em-up, though it gets tiring on a keyboard and a controller is definitely suggested.(+panty shots)"
,Recommended,263620,10694851,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,supimdaniel undercover cop,Press Y on your Xbox 360 Controller to perform a hue haa yaashe also speaks Japanish10/10
,Recommended,263620,9435908,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Chu4Lyfe,10/10 wud bang anime chick with right hand diff hentai scenes if u lose or win
76561198118742814,Recommended,263620,28098362,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Boku wa fate,Good game. Best game 2014. I love schoolgirls  <3♡♡♡
,Recommended,263620,9444939,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,⎛⎝  Break Capsule  ⎠⎞,"This game is so good. and for the price it's a must have to all beat-em-up fans out there.Maybe it takes a little while to get used to it, and the game does depend on you having some personal skill along with in-game skills, but god damn it's so damn good.I give this game a Schoolgirl out of Ten."
76561198090284682,Recommended,263620,11915631,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Commander Neru (PC-98),"Pretty damn good game but not worth the £6.99 price I must say, sadly...But on the other hand if you can get this game when it's on sale, it'll be worth every penny I say. The game is fairly short but I find the gameplay nice, fun and the swordplay is quite smooth and lovely."
,Recommended,263620,10920195,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Fusō,"Imagine Dark Souls, but good. Well, this game is nothing like Dark Souls, but is still better than that sorry excuse of a game.It has the following:-Ninjas-Breasts-Breasty Ninjas-Panties-Mikos-Good controls-Surprisingly good textures and okay graphics for an indie game-Hot chicksDespite being an indie game, it ain't some sorry piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥like, say, that truckload of those oh so retro pixelart games with plots way too deep for you or just plain out ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pretentious stories. No, this game is about schoolgirl aged ninjas hacking♥♥♥♥♥♥up."
,Recommended,263620,10634108,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Frank Senpai,"""Like Devil May Cry with highschool girls. 10/10"" - Machinima"
,Recommended,263620,11061520,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Count Talcula,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥they made a sequel to Pokémon Snap and they put it on Steam? And instead of Pokémon you take pictures of Japanese school girl panties? AWESOME. There's some stupid minigame about hitting guys in suits with a sword, I don't like it, seems to get in the way of all the pantyshots.Five out of five Lennys( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °)"
76561198006210474,Recommended,263620,29876059,Posted: 12 February,all,Rockstar,good game
,Recommended,263620,11001829,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Zeltcon,Pantsu is <3
,Not Recommended,263620,26600515,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,David,"I cleared all three difficulties in less than three hours. I don't know how, or why.I bought it for $2.49 so I think I got my money's worth. I can't recommend it at regular price though. There's really nothing here."
,Recommended,263620,28907536,Posted: 1 January,all,Momani94,"The game simply limps out of the blocks. It would just be plain mean to pick on the graphics for such an obviously low budget title, but the first stage takes place in a grey circular room surrounded by skyscrapers and inexplicable chasms. It looks like a rejected tech demo for a Dreamcast launch game, and the generic seemingly melody-less rock music in the background that never stops doesn’t help to shake off that feeling. This is all before you start pressing buttons, and when you do the game appears to be a complete write-off. It doesn’t take long to realise that (on the Xbox 360 controller) tapping X then Y over and over again pretty much clears out everything you’re expected to fight. Maybe if girls are watching and you want to show off you’ll tap that left trigger a couple of times to throw in a few dodge rolls, but generally speaking the first handful of stages will make Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae seem like one of the most monotonous button mashers ever made."
76561198015277500,Recommended,263620,9412814,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Thantosgundam00,A simple action game with points based upgrade system and dynamic move set.  Difficult bosses and challenging enemies to fight in closed arena.  A good game for hardcore action fans.
,Not Recommended,263620,25865097,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,CaptainDouchePants,"The problem with this game is that it is kind of bland, there is basically just one lucluster looking city level, and that's about it. The firting is pretty repetitive too, not much in the way of cool combos.However the characters do look good, and there is some upgrade system, so for a bit of mindless fun it could be OK, but for my tasted it is a bit too simplistic."
,Not Recommended,263620,26575034,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Synidew,Really boring and repetative. Do not get even for the panties.
,Not Recommended,263620,18526997,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,kuno,"Extremely boring, endless rounds, horrible controls, bad and boring maps.Thank you Steam for my refund!Not even worth $2.49"
76561198037070442,Recommended,263620,19293834,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Cyber Countess™,"Good game, good pantsu. Many combos, enemies and cool music! Seriously recommend."
,Recommended,263620,20221529,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ThatGuyTim,"10/10, like Devil May Cry with waifus."
,Recommended,263620,30751299,Posted: 26 March,all,saaya,"do you like japanese hack n slash games where you endlessly smash buttons while peeking at highschool girl panties?then youll feel right at home with MKH :)most enemies are identical so its very reptitiveand your fighting is limited to an arena, so there isnt really much to enjoy map and world wisefor me 10$ would be too much, but 5$ is a good price... id recommend it!"
,Recommended,263620,9482143,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Xiaomu,"I didn't really go in expecting much from this game, though it was hard to tell exactly what I was in for because most of the gameplay videos out there are made by people that are more curious about the content rather than actually being good at action games like this. That said, it's actually kind of fun in its own way and does blend things from games likeDMC3/4andMGRwhile still creating its own unique dynamic.The main gameplay consists of using yourhand-to-hand moveswhich replenish your blade meter and then using yourblade moveswhich grant long reach without losing any of the speed you'd get from hand-to-hand moves at the expense of using up the aformentioned blade meter. Like MGR the game kind of revolves around dodging and parrying (although it works more likeDMC's Royal Guard style) and hacking away at enemies until they are""bleeding""(likeMGR's Zandatsu-ableenemies where you have to whack them until they turn blue and can be cut). When an enemy goes into a bleeding state, your blade moves cause significantly more damage but it also, more importantly, opens up enemies to your finisher move (calledZanshin) which puts you in a vulnerable state while you sheath your sword away, all flashy-like, as if you were Vergil's own daughter. This move lets you regain health, regain all your blade mode meter and does a whole bunch of damage based off your current ""style"" ranking (which increases whenever you hit people, block moves, do your special blade moves but decreasesseverelywhenever you get hit. Style affects your general damage and can also instant kill bleeding enemies when using Zanshin I believe), however you are extremely vulnerable and it only affects enemies that are in a bleeding state; all other enemies can attack you freely. It's like if MGR's Zandatsu didn't have any invulnerability.This leads to you wanting to balance between hacking away with both fists and swords, using your special AoE moves that do massive damage but take massive amounts of blade meter and using Zanshin when its safe and with as many bleeding enemies as possible to up your rank and get more points. I've only just beaten it on normal mode, which was still pretty challenging as it took me a while for the whole meta of the game to click but there is replayability in harder difficulties plus moves and costumes to unlock from that you'd have to do in more than one playthrough. No clue on if enemy AI is remixed in hard mode but the enemy waves are along with the enemies being tougher in general in terms of having more HP and doing a little bit more damage.This game is a game first and foremost, and though it lacks the combat depth or general refinement that DMC, Bayonetta or even MGR have, it still manages to be fun for what it is as long as you're not expecting anything more than an arena Hack n' Slash with a flashy moveset and laughably clichéd story. For the $8.50 that I bought it at, I'd say its worth it butONLYif you're an enthusiast of games of this genre (or a hardcore weaboo)."
,Recommended,263620,9485885,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Potitoman,"Surprisingly good arena fighting game.Very short but very entertaining. Kind of like Devil May Cry but with pantsu and school girls.I wish they had more varied environments, but you'll be so busy hacking demons to pieces that you probably won't notice how basic they are.Recommended."
,Recommended,263620,9493278,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,LIGHTNING,"DEM THIGHS 10/10LOL joking aside its good.maybe not 10 bucks good but if it goes on sale,definitely worth picking up.it only uses keyboard but features pre-sets compatible with any ps3,360 or pc gamepad which I HIGHLY reccomend you using as a its a hack and slash and these types of games arne't very enjoyable on keyboards.just download motioninjoy and your good to go! just dont expect a amazing AAA game.its more of a game to play if your looking through your steam library and there's nothing else to play,you have some time to kill before you go to work/school or in the mood for some fanservice LOL.VERY RECCOMEDED"
,Recommended,263620,9758878,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,MasamuneJr,"This game has a ton of potential. Although it is very incomplete I see this being a lot of fun in the future. However, the enemies are very stiff and they block way too often. But there are a million and one ways to get high combos and it's rather fun. Give it a try."
,Recommended,263620,9963716,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Sale-chan is best waifu,"MKH was already shining star of Comiket 84, and now you can have this little indie jewel on Steam for quite reasonable price and without need to read moonrunes (read: it's in English). If you loved royal palace mode in DMC, and always wanted to be iaijutsu mastah then grab it. Warning: everything over normal difficulty could be a bit of chore to complete for typical casual."
,Recommended,263620,10106146,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,METROKENSHIN,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_O3cn8pXvw
76561198018892935,Recommended,263620,10455809,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,AceRimmer,"This is a good and short game. It is a wave game so be prepared to be in one setting fighting group after group of enemies.  The boss fights are in the same location and is the last wave.  Beat the boss, head to a new location and repeat. If the game was any longer it would have gotten stale and old.  But because it is a VERY short game it is still fun.  The only problem with the game is the HUGE SPIKE in difficulty when finally fighting the end boss.  You will go from feeling powerful and confident to ""WTF JUST HAPPENED?"".This game isn't optimal with a keyboard.  It is playable but I can tell it was meant for a game controller.My two cents?  Buy this game when it is on sale and enjoy it.  Don't pay full price.  Why?  It is a SHORT game with only five levels."
,Recommended,263620,10549232,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Nakina,"HU HA HUA, HU HA HUA EYAAAAAH AAAAAAH 5/5"
,Recommended,263620,10588381,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,nsc,"Cut some♥♥♥♥♥♥up, and look kawaii.This literally has everything I look for in a game."
,Recommended,263620,10591859,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Rick Mill,"Sin Count, 500This Game Exists +100Carpal Tunnel. +100The Girl With the Black Hair is Not My Girlfriend in this Scene +100Discount Onechanbara - +100Beated everything in just 1.5 hours, but it took 2 because i took a dump +100"
,Recommended,263620,10640935,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Senko.,DMC Bloody Palace : Pantsu edition.
,Not Recommended,263620,10666801,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,twitch.tv/GameGramp,"For the price it is on sale, I guess I can't complain; however.. It's a single room, hack-n-slash game that throws waves of enemies at you until you reach a boss, than repeat.  You can level up your abilities and gain new ones, but the scenery never changes.  Imagine if you will, playing Dynasty Warriors, but instead of running through the whole map, the whole map ran to you, and you stood at the start just fighting waves.. it kind of takes the fun out of it."
,Recommended,263620,10667499,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mattnificent,"This is a no-frills action game. It's the bare essentials. It's simply a series of medium sized rooms filled with a variety of increasingly difficult enemies, minimal story and cutscenes, and one very fleshed-out moveset for your character. At first, the camera may seem annoying, but you'll get used to it quickly. It's a short game, fun without overstaying its welcome. If you like games like Devil May Cry or Bayonetta, it's really fun but missing many of the extra features found in most action games."
,Not Recommended,263620,10675555,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,KeineKami,"I would allow her to sheath my katana and experience my Japanese spirit as it courses though its infinitely folded steelbut 0/10, no shimapan, avoid like plague."
76561198049507053,Not Recommended,263620,10685830,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ghostyfishy,Pros:Attractive WomenCons:Reptitive CombatLinear and Underdveloped StoryZero Replay Value
76561197976677340,Recommended,263620,10696201,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,snickothemule,"Japanese school girl wielding a demon katana goes mad so another Japanese school girl weilding a katana has to take her down.  Or something.What may appear to be a shallow and lazy hack and slash type action game really isn't as bad as it might seem. At its core it shows a lot of premise, with fighting mechanics requiring precise timing to perform counters, dodging, blocking and looking for openings to counter attack. When your in the rhythm, it is rather enjoyable.There are two main types of attack, fists and blade. Using your fists builds up your blade meter, whereas using your blade attacks slowly drains it, however you deal more damage that way. As you continue to do damage, you'll build up charge in your blade, when unleashed it will do further damage to bleeding enemies and recharge your health meter. Finally there is a ""holy""attack, hold down the third attack button and it will slowly charge, tap the modifier button however and it'll surge blade power into it, making it come charge instantly for each time pressed. In the heat of battle, this will help with crowd control.The biggest downside to the combat is how repetitive it is to smash the same two attack buttons over and over again, doing 20+ hit combos on a base level bad guy. This element of grinding in an action game is not exactly the most exciting way to progress.The other major problem is the game feels incredibly incomplete. Animations don't transition well between different movements, they just happen immediately and it looks a little jarring. Secondly the level design is non existant, you are in one arena running around killing the same types of enemies over and over.The ultimate downside is there is a solid foundation to expand this into a solid side scrolling beat-em-up, but no real budget allowance to make it happen. As an action game that feels like a sloppy Ninja Gaiden, I don't think it would fare too well. Make it a beat-em-up not unlike Final Fight however, it could do quite well.Visually it's pretty basic, but crisp. A lot of time went into the main characer's model which is always good for an action game, but everything else is pretty lacking. Sorely lacking really.In the end it's a cheap wave after wave action game that is insipidly bare bones, with some potential to become something rather good. It just needs a story, level design, more enemies, more music, finished animation sequeneces....well and entire game to be honest.It's fun though.5A mediocre average game that is hugely incomplete, with some halfway decent action and a main story mode that feels like a tacked on mini game."
,Not Recommended,263620,10739315,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ninja Cow,"Various factors have led me to not recommend this game.The Good:-Graphics that are unique-One of the few Japanese games on steam-You get to play as a cute schoolgirl Character-Short Download file-Trading cards?-Unlockable costumes and ingame achievements-You like pantsu? Then this game likes you too! Fanservice everywhere.The Bad:-Controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Usually the norm to pause a game on PC is to press Esc but, the pause button for this game is the enter key. Even when you try to rebind stuff, it is confusing as hell. You spend about half the time trying to configure the controls and figure out how to try and combo your moves. Trying to click on the title screen and pressing ESC to pause the game are going to annoy the hell out of you.-Tutorial sucks. They tell you to do a certain move that you have no idea what button to press nor what to do. They pretty much leave you by yourself trying to figure out what to do.-The battle ""cries and attacks"" are repetitive and you get tired of her just yelling the same thing over and over. You can slash your opponents until they are red then sheathe your sword until they die (WDF?)-AI is garbage. They circle around you and attack occasionally (depending on level of difficulty and how far you are), which are pretty easy to dodge and move away from.-Hack and Slash game. This part is somewhat bias of myself for I do no enjoy Hack and Slash games that much. However on this game in particular, trying to chain attacks on this game is not fluid at all.This game has so much potential if they can fix the cons about this game."
,Not Recommended,263620,10770995,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,kiri,fan service for weeaboos yey.
,Recommended,263620,10784047,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bobocop,Cool little hack and slash. My thumbs hurt after finishing it in one sitting.
,Recommended,263620,10799755,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,PlatinumStar,What if Dante wore pantsu and learned how glorious Nipponese folded steel was?You get this game.
76561198010622546,Recommended,263620,10912732,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,IMMA COP U IDIOT,Excellent practice for Haku-men.
,Not Recommended,263620,10926168,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,213372bu,This game is a complete pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,263620,10989400,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,yungxanga,filthy weeb game
,Recommended,263620,11008026,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Denuve 風の散歩,"This is a great anime-game hack and slash.Untill it's a pretty simple game,we have a story,nice combo's and nice protagonist.I strongly recommend this game especially for anime-fan's but for other's too."
,Recommended,263620,11038299,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Subaru Impreza Chan,I got to say this game is pretty good but repetitive as you go on through stages. I recommend this game to be played on harder difficulties unless you're new to hack and slash games.
,Recommended,263620,11074178,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,DemiDeityLink,"This game is very simple with little to do but just hack and slash.But a good one at that, really in-depth combat with nice looking characters and attacks."
,Recommended,263620,11077864,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,The Black Pigeon,"'The Smash Hit Action Game from Comic Market 84' is what the storefront would have you believe. And while the action is certainly white knuckle, with numerous combos and upgradeable skills, it's the intricately detailed and complex narrative that will have you talking about Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae long after the credits have rolled.On the surface, it's about two teenage girls crossing swords in a battle to the death. But if you dig deep enough, you discover that the developers are actually commenting on the societal pressures that adolescent females in Japan must wade through each and every day. The struggle of Misa is one of innocence and purity versus the seductive lure of moral bankrupcy. Or perhaps....it is Suzuka the player should sympathize with. The girl that shuns forced traditions in a quest to establish her own identity.No matter which way you look at it, this is the game that The Fullbright Company (Gone Home) wished they had created."
,Recommended,263620,11593844,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Legendary Loli,Parry simulator 2014
76561198071894524,Recommended,263620,12422930,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,OLD MAN ART,"NOt worth $10, but definatly worth $5 on a Steam sale. Not enough depth to justify the full game price listed. Bu I enjoyed this game a lot ."
,Recommended,263620,12637951,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Snek,"Do you like bewbs?Do you like butts?Do you like katanas?If your answer to those 3 questions is a yes, get this game.Seriously though, this game is hard. It's like a hack and slash Dark Souls."
76561198069454372,Not Recommended,263620,13278154,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,rsuevel92,"Don't get me wrong it's flashy and cool looking, but the gameplay is too simple for such a short game with little content."
,Recommended,263620,13584957,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,🦊狐桜花,"Let me just start off by saying that especially if you get it on sale, this game is really worth playing. It's pretty cheap even at full price anyway. For me it's like spending a day at the arcade or something.Pros:- Graphics are nice (better than most screenshots you'll see online if you crank it up in settings, and it can probably take third-party enhancements but I haven't tried yet)- Lightweight program (it's like 249 MB on disk, doesn't consume a lot of RAM either)- Quick action (all stages are like arenas, enemies just come to you in waves)- Surprisingly challenging (I'll go into detail later)- Beautiful character designs- After a few skill upgrades you can be chaining combos like crazy, and that's just plain fun (if the game had only this to offer and had uglier graphics for example, it still would've been worth the sale price for me)- Combat against bosses requires intelligence and quick thinking. You can't just hold your block key and think you can safely tank their attacks. I'll go into more detail below.Con:- Not a lot to do (it's really just enemies coming to you in waves in a few arenas then a boss to end that stage)- Controls take getting used to, and are marked by symbols in-game instead of their corresponding keyboard/controller mapping- Camera control and angling isn't very good except in the boss view mode, which you can use against regular enemies, but it requires constantly pressing a button (can't toggle). Because of this, you could get hit by grunts from behind (though it's arguable that this adds to the challenge and can be a good thing for some; nobody can see behind them IRL anyway)- UI isn't polished, and there are translation inaccuracies- Lots of buttons to press; you really need to customize it to something that's comfortable for you or learn the default well- You can't remap existing moves (some are inconveniently placed, for example movement key + basic attack will cause you to do a flip kick, which isn't good if you accidentally do it when you wanted to do a basic attack)- The challenge might cause a lot of frustration and ragequittingI have more cons than pros but I still recommend it. I'm playing Hard mode now and the good mix of combo chaining and challenge due to high punishment for mistakes is keeping me in the game so far.On the challenge of this game, I thought at first it'd be a simple fighting game like the Musou games from KOEI (Dynasty Warriors, etc.). Just make sure you hit first and complete your combos and you're good in Musou. No such simplicity in Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae. Even against the grunts you need to watch their movements and time your blocks and dodges. Bosses have a variety of moves, the damage of most of which can only be avoided using certain means (some moves are unblockable and need to be dodged, some moves can't be dodged and need to be blocked). You have the learn their moves and how to counter them, including what kinds of attacks work best for certain situations. You certainly can't spam combos, button mash, or sorta turn your brain off during fights. This will keep you on your toes.What's funny is that with boss fights whenever you get killed, you'll probably be thinking like ""man I saw that move, I could've dodged that hit!"" Then you retry. For me it's just the right amount of frustrating challenge that keeps me coming back.Will the game get old eventually? Yes I think so especially once you master the movements of enemies. But for now it's a wonderful distraction, and by the time I get tired of it, I feel like I'd already gotten my money's worth."
,Not Recommended,263620,13617757,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,MilkWolf,no.
,Recommended,263620,13726768,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Just Take It Easy~⑨!,"+Great Art+Above average Boss Fights+Complex yet simple battle system+Costumes XD+Great VA-Meh OST(barely noticed it)-The story seemed rushed-Many enemies are just recolored-Would have liked it better if there were an ""Score Attack"" or a ""Endless"" type mode.-The antagonist should be playable.I rate 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,263620,13737989,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Anthony,Don't let the panties fool you. This game isn't as good as it looks!
,Not Recommended,263620,13807892,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Israel,"Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is an arena hack and slash game where you only fight waves of enemies, and then a boss. Another wave o enemies and another boss... You don't even walk a bit between the waves.Pros:+ Nice art style (better than I expected - not AAA game level, of course)+ OK fighting style, although in some bosses it gets down almos to luck :(Cons:- Only arena battles, nothing more- Unbalanced bosses"
,Not Recommended,263620,13814570,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,POLTERGUY,don't let your weiner buy this game for youunless it's on sale for like $3 which is when i got it
76561198091623315,Not Recommended,263620,13835200,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,cordawyn,"If mashing your keyboard or joystick to a pulp while trying to defeat the last boss is your kind of thing, go ahead. Everything is as you'd expect from the most japanese hack-n-slash fighting games. I refuse to pay for a (low-poly) pantyshot with damaged nervous system."
76561198065908160,Recommended,263620,13863556,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Miloslolz,"I picked this game up on the steam sale out of the blue only to found out that it's a pretty neat game, hack and slashing your way through enemies can be fun but I recommned lowering the music of the game, putting on some dubstep or hard metal and enjoy it."
,Recommended,263620,13919202,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,brightest light,"It's like revengeance with waifus.no seriously,Solid hack n' slash mechanic. This is all about what is in it, nothing else. If you don't like that you shouldn't buy it."
76561198145206703,Recommended,263620,14232836,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Mouri-Sama~,I really enjoyed playing this game .. its challanging and nice made... wish there was more moving then just fighthing in one place! :)I am using keyboard playing it and I think it should be played with a gamepad ... bc its just very hard to to all the required moves ... which again make it super hard to defeat hard and very hard Suzuka... >.>!
,Not Recommended,263620,14274915,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,SofaEater,"dodge is slow and, well you cant dodge anything with it. No block either so good luck beating the bosses"
,Not Recommended,263620,14761572,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,RIP computer u will be missed,How the **** do you play this game
,Recommended,263620,9418351,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,shimmm,amazing quality and high speed action fun for an indie game. A must play for DMC/metal gear rising fans.
,Recommended,263620,9435987,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Quidam Phoenix,"Didn't know much about this game going in, and I enjoyed it, although I'm on the fence about whether or not it was fully worth the price tag. (I paid $8.something, on sale from $10). Depends on if you're a fan of the genre more than anything I think.Personally I like supporting indie devs and am willing to try something different, but this game is pretty much cookie-cutter in every way.Combat is entertaining enough on normal and above and gets better with upgrades; easy is pretty painless once you learn the enemy rotations and can dodge effectively. If you're not good at this style of game, start on easy, buy some upgrades, and upon completion of the game you can go through again on a harder difficulty while keeping skills. New Game +, more or less.It took me just under an hour to complete the 5 stages on easy, so it's hard not to view this game as more of a tech demo than full game, but it does have replay value if you care about unlocking the extra costumes and maxing out upgrades.Highly recommend controller, camera is not controlled with mouse-look and I find it unintuitive with KB/Mouse.Graphics are simple but get the job done, not much enemy varience and the limited FOV bothers me, but again, it works.I also enjoyed the background music. Only 5 different tracks (one for each stage), but it was fun slicing up enemies to it.Final words. For $8, I'm not upset and I've enjoyed a couple hours of play. Probably won't bother for completion of everything, but at that price it's cheaper than going to the movies. I'd say there's enough value to warrant a purchase unless you don't find slicing up waves of enemies to be appealing. Just don't go in expecting a Devil May Cry or Bayonetta caliber game. It's not. No exploration, just fighting."
76561198071647117,Recommended,263620,9438127,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Samwise Genji,"I would have loved to be able to play as Suzuka after beating the hard difficulty rather than just getting her costume, but for what it's worth it's pretty damn fun. Cutting and slashing stuff was fun and I love the sword play in this game, as it feels a lot like Vergil from DMC3.I did have some problems with the camera and targeting system, dying quite a few times to a boss because of it. Yeah, it was kind of a big deal.So for the money spent I got what  I thought I would: A solid hack-and-slash game that's more of a stress killer than a thought provoker. Action is great, characters are hot and the satisfaction level is high. The only thing to make this better would be updates for the camera and maybe more costumes or weapons."
,Recommended,263620,9632079,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Ultimaniac,"The thing that I really like about this game, something I haven't seen said before, was how it progresses.At the core, it's like a character action game (Devil May Cry, Beyonetta) set in a single arena. and at first it feels really limited. As you fight, string combos and clear waves you acquire points to spend on upgrades.  These upgrades are essential in advancing as the enemeis get increasingly tough and aggresive.It's really hard to explain that classic Japanese sense of progression in games.  To start with a simple combo and end up stringing Stingers, Aerial Raves, sweeping attacks, power techs and charge slashes for 200+ hit combos."
,Recommended,263620,10587988,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Netto the Runner,"This game is amazing if you want an action-packed gameplay driven videogame. It couldn't be more japanese. Japanese babes, japanese weapons, and japanese difficulty"
,Not Recommended,263620,10644516,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,jed b,i am good and really cool
76561198006814684,Recommended,263620,10890285,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,NightWolfy,"Amazing. Even though its an arena styled Hack n Slash, it rivals the greats.-Pros :Neat combo's. Alot too work with.Progressive upgrades that make a noticeable impact.Supers, that chain into beautiful executions.Challanging boss battlesChallanging mobsHard mode was very fun!Easy too pick up and playCostumes!Game Cards-Cons :No Susuka route, Would be awesome for a DLC however.No Multiplayer / LeaderboardsFirst stage seems too go on for a long time? Might just be me.-Overall-The graphics are nice, Gameplay is smooth and challanging, Multiple costumes too unlock,Bosses are awesome and dynamic.The price is a steal.However I would love too see some form of multiplayer.4/5"
76561197970626832,Recommended,263620,11096051,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Mr. Steve,"Have you ever just stared at all the games on your game list and you don't feel like getting invested in a new game? Then this is the game for you. Spend like 15 minutes or so doing a round. Unlock some easy achievements. Stop and come back whenever. Not much of a story, but that isn't the point. It's a great time killer.Got it for a couple of bucks on the steam summer sale. Was worth the cheap price. I wouldn't pay 10 bucks on it though."
,Recommended,263620,11265870,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Doffy,"I enjoy playing this game the anime graphics and combat system makes it feel like a old school video game but in 3D the story or ""cut scenes"" are well done but only in japaneese (speetch) but has english subtitles which i dont mind since i prefer it that way id reccomend this to anyone who does like anime-style action gameplay its fun with a controller and a keyboard and mouse."
76561197972835171,Recommended,263620,12559112,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,December Love,It is a fun game when i am in the mood for a good Hack 'n slash.
,Recommended,263620,12827753,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Dani,This game is all about hack and slash like dynasty warrior but a little more skill is required. The inital feel of the game is like an eroge... but its not.
,Not Recommended,263620,13307211,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Kingsley Go,"Regretted buying, totally lame game lol"
,Recommended,263620,9421955,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,AmadeusC,"Pretty good. A very simple game and quite enjoyable. Well made models, animations and voice acting. Maps are a bit plain but that's not a big problem. The only problem is you will need a controller to play this game well. Unless you have amazingly dexterity with the keyboard."
,Recommended,263620,14363722,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,claire🌸,you get to slash the ♥♥♥♥ out of businessmen in power ranger masks
76561198014976770,Recommended,263620,9422518,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Blank_Slate,"Really fun game.  If you intend to buy it, just know that the story is short and meant to be played through multiple times.  The combat is great and the system is both intuitive and fresh.Definitely recommendthis game for people who enjoy learning combat systems to their fullest."
,Not Recommended,263620,10637055,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dr Cain,It's as stereotypical as it looks.
,Recommended,263620,11776447,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Rainmaker,"The most fun you can have with a game based off a hentai engine without taking your pants off. Unless that's your thing.Short as hell, and a bit repetitive, but a fun little brawler that'll kill some time and look cute doing it too. It honestly gives off God Hand vibes, in a strange way, where it may not be the greatest looking thing in the world, and the story may be a bit dry, but god, the combat is so fun, even if it's simple and repetitive.I got it at $2.50 during the summer sale, but I would've been willing to fork over ten for it if I knew it'd be this fun."
,Not Recommended,263620,15847354,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Djoodi,"It doesn't work, PERIOD. on start-up it's either super wonky, delayed or it doesn't shows up at all. HELP NEEDED HERE!!!!"
76561198085017683,Recommended,263620,15874837,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,"Фиаско, братан","Dat feeling when you are beating last boss on hard mode after 2 hours trying just unspeakable :DAnd then you got to know that there are ""Very hard"" mode, god dang it, it's gonna be insane)Nice game 10 Demon Samurai Sword / 10 Demon Samurai Sword"
,Recommended,263620,17499483,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Electroduck,"This is a good sword fighting game, better than most offerings in the Japanese Indie sale.Gameplay is button-mashy but in a fun way, the standard suit-men enemies are fairly easy kills while the other enemies requre more strategy and skill. Bosses can be tough but chain-attacks and jumping are your friends here.8/10Storyline is simple but still somewhat compelling. However, there is very little lore to explain why the environments are what they are, how the sword came to be, and other various issues. This is somewhat of a problem since the main game is a 100% linear story.5/10Graphics are good. The characters are high-poly and high-res, and well done. The environments are not quite as good, being somewhat low-res. Enemies are well done. Optimization is better than many games, I can run it at 25-30fps with high (but not max) graphics on my gaming laptop (CPU i7-4510U, GPU R9 M275, RAM 8GB).Overall Graphics are FAR beyond those of other games in the Japanese sale.8/10Overall this seems like the best game in the Japanese Indie sale, with fun gameplay and good graphics making up for a meh story. Though the game is somewhat short, it is engaging and fast-paced, so for $2.50 it is a great buy.- 7.5/10 Overall -"
76561198131887849,Recommended,263620,17677649,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Hendere™,"When I first read the reviews regarding this game, all I saw was panties or its Japanese derivative ""pantsu"". I come back about two months later and still see ""pantsu"". You must be asking ""They made a game about panties then?"" and if gameplay footage of this game is an indicative about anything, it's that this is not a game about panties.What is it, then? I hear you asking. It's an arcade-style action game that not coincidentally features a female protaganist. Who wears a short skirt. Don't my words as being conservative or anything. I am merely trying to help you understand how this ""pantsu"" thing started. So panties are not what you will exclusively get to see in this game. Most of the time, you will be saying ""HOLY ****!"" or ""There are so many enemies!"" or shouting at your mother why you are vociferating. She will come over and say ""It's just a game."" and you will want to beat the daylights out of her. But I digress.What we have here is a fast-paced action game with a female protagonist with a story that could not care more about itself even if it tried. So this is a story about a girl, a blade-templar, named Misa tracking down and killing her classmate, Suzuka, who is possessed by a demon sword and popping up monsters all over. At first glance, you would think ""That sounds like every other fantasy story."" And you would be right. The writing for this game is simply uninteresting. How did Suzuka come in possession of a demon sword? Who are the blade templars? Is there no way to save Suzuka? All these questions flutter about inside your head and there is no answer for them. At least, in the game.But the story is not the charm of this game. People who love it, including yours truly, love it for the high-pace and high-action. It feels like a Devil May Cry game. Or something out of a Devil May Cry game. Though DMC has so much more substance in comparison and has a story and lore to go with it. The combat is challenging. The crowds are not overly aggressive as long as you can put some distance between you and your targets.My first disagreement with this game, though. is how you have to rely on upgrades to get you through the game. I mean, you can survive until the last boss without any upgrades to health but eventually you will have to take them. Boss fights are a little bland for my tastes. You can't take them head on. They have too much range or are too spammy for you to take advantage of anything.  That is if you wish to get unclose and personal. That is it, really. I would have liked it if you didn't have only one viable method of fighting a boss. It's always space, holy tec full charge, space, holy tec full charge, bleed, zanshin. It ends up being repetitive than fun.Now for the big question: Is it worth buying? Well, if you are well-versed in action games and like the adrenaline pumping into your vein or simply looking relieve some stress. then you will like this game. But if you don't like repetitive tasks, don't like action games, there is a good chance you won't like this game. If you are looking for your entry into the genre, I suggest you seek something easier."
,Recommended,263620,16322214,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,PrimalTundra,"Incredibly fun hack 'n' slash, very reminiscent of Devil May Cry; a good way to pass a great deal of time, but lacks an engaging storyline.This game, to me at least, feels more like 'we designed a combat system, I wonder how well it works?' The answer to that is pretty clear: it's just awesome and so much fun to play with. Chaining together an potentially endless combo against truckloads of enemies garners immense enjoyment, and definite approval from me.There is a fairly well-loaded upgrade path, and plenty of stages to cut through.Three difficulty modes (though after learning the basics, you're going to want to play on Hard for maximum combos).Achievements and Trading cards are a nice boon that I wasn't expecting, as well.It also runs really smoothly and Misa's character model is amazingly high quality, especially for an anime-styled game."
,Recommended,263620,15939088,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Deli,"Slash, Slash, Slash then Pantsu :vGreat game but i want more, i like you style 8.5/10"
76561198014069772,Recommended,263620,11676940,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,duce303,"Really fun Hack n' Slash game, similar in fighting style to Devil May Cry.  The game is pretty short, but it might take a few tries to finish the boss fights.  The bosses telegraph some of their attacks too fast for you to react in time to block or dodge them.  You'll need a lot of patience and good reaction time to get to the end.  When you kill enemies you get SP which can be used to level up your attacks and upgrade your skills which will make fighting bosses a bit easier.  Even after you beat the game, you can go back for new game+ and finish upgrading your moves, or if you want you can save up 100,000 SP to get the alternate costumes for your character.  The game has good replay value, but I guess I don't feel like playing for 100 additional hours to do that, so I will never see them."
,Recommended,263620,13932033,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Leaf,"Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is a Hack and Slash game.The game works very Smoothly with a controller, and is easy to learn. It might get a bit boring after a while of doing the same levels over and over, so it's perfect for people that like playing games where you have to keep improving to be able to clear the game. If you're a bit like me and dont like to keep playing the same game even on a harder difficulty, i would recommend you buy this while it's on sale. If you like playing games that get's harder for everytime you play it, this game is worth the price."
,Recommended,263620,20293963,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Hiroki Etsuko,"I started playing it now, and all i can say is: hoho, ha, ie, hoho, ha, ie, ie, hoho, ha.Overall: 6.5/10Graphics: 8/10Story: 5/10Gameplay: 7/10Settings: 6/10The game looks cool, but it's simple. You can't expect an AAA game. Even my woody pc can handle this on 20 FPS, but there's not too much options to graphics (if I could reduce the graphics, i would get like... 30-40 FPS). I found hard to play it with a keyboard.Controller is recommended. It's not impossible, but it's hard, so try to configure to be confortable for you (you can't configure to use the mouse, it's sad).You are just looking for some action and beautiful characters to see their pantsus? That's the game. And the main character pants is black.If you like animes, some fan service and some simple action, you can play this game! But it's not worth to buy it for full price. Wait for a sale.If you are starting the game now, i recommend that you read this tutorial:http://www.gamefaqs.com/pc/730164-mitsurugi-kamui-hikae/faqs/68362The in-game tutorial is too simple. And try to finish it on the Easy mode first, to collect SP.Hope you enjoy.10/10 wouldPantsu May Cryagain."
,Recommended,263620,20988723,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SuperNeoMegaTurbo,"This game is the digital equivalent of having an escort dominate you, while you scream the safety word, only to have her ignore you, but enjoying it anyway. A jolly good time. Bring the kids."
,Recommended,263620,16808043,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,XX /// ☯ //,"this game makes me feel like i'm playing my dreamcast in 1999 and this is not a bad thing.idk if it was originally a PC game or is a port but no problems with the keyboard combat controls either; they're fairly fluid and intuitive, easy to learn.grab it if it's on sale and you're in the mood to kill endless hordes of goons (feat. Daft Punk...) as a ninja pantyshot schoolgirl like it was a decade and a bit ago."
76561198272944282,Recommended,263620,20952058,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,FarronBlaze,"i really enjoy this game but kinda annoys when people say its ""fast action"" and ""intence"" this is nothing comared to Ninja gaiden but either way still an awesome and worth playing"
,Recommended,263620,23013838,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,gayboi,Waifu with black pantsu vs. Waifu with white pantsu
,Not Recommended,263620,18141073,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Mevvallanneous Bob,11ty Bajillion/10XYXYXYXYXYXYXYXYXYXYXYXYXYXY
,Recommended,263620,9411880,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,excessive umlauts,Great preparation for when Daft Punk inevitably take over the world
,Recommended,263620,9421717,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,BILL,"Mistsurgui Kamui Hikae is based on the rivalry between Musashi and kojiro.The difficulty curve is there, Easy, Normal, Hard and Very Hard.Easy for beginners and quite easy to completeNormal for veterans you may get in trouble in some places but not too hard to completeHard, you need to unlock every weapon bonus as towards the end the bosses will give you trouble and you must learn to use just guards. If not, you cannot defeat the last boss at all, even in bleed state she will recover before you inflict any damage on her.Very  hard, A NIGHTMARE mode, prepared to die lots as the enemies don't give you a chance to do anything, possible to do but you must use cheap out combos and even then, they can easily hit you while your doing it taking twice as much damage.Graphics are nice, Gameplay is solid and story predictable however it's a fun game for an afternoon and serves it purpose, at least it doesn't last 45 seconds like many indie games these days."
,Recommended,263620,9435199,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"A game that caught my eye in more than just the looks. The gameplay is a given familiar to some other games I have played. Nice characters, easy fighting system, and good storyline. The price is decent. Overall I'd give this an 8-9/10. It's quite addictive."
,Recommended,263620,12205631,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,goka9696,"Imagine if metal gear rising was hard.Well that's this gameTo fanboys: mgr is not bad, but it's easy."
76561198056154660,Not Recommended,263620,19399505,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Slapndabass,The game is pretty and thats about it. The gameplay is very simple and the area you fight in is basscailly just a circle that gets repeadted over and over again.
76561198006361320,Not Recommended,263620,19406808,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Cat Pussy,so bores all same moves and enemy no brains hmph
,Not Recommended,263620,19757566,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Gallagador,Highly repetitive main stages with ridiculous bosses. Refunded.
76561198026192689,Recommended,263620,9416449,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Eternal Siesta,Well rendered animu girls with beat'em-up gameplay. solid 7/10 would root for $10
76561198014839167,Not Recommended,263620,10692376,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mad Mod,this was so boring
,Recommended,263620,12794991,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Mojiro,i like this game it has anime in it
,Recommended,263620,9415954,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,KhrØMa,"Game is great. get down the counters and you are pretty set. really fun hack n slash. Definite recommendation for those who like Devil May Cry and Anime, go for it. xD"
,Recommended,263620,9416255,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Kureba Akemi,"DAMN, AWESOME, SEXY, PANTIES, ♥♥♥♥♥♥S, SLASHING GAME!!!!!!JAPANESE DUB, ENGLISH SUBBB!!"
,Recommended,263620,31793422,Posted: 16 May,all,what the nani the fuck,Panties and boobies
,Recommended,263620,9413888,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,horrorxpunk,"Classic blend of high octane sword action, mega giant robots, flashing lights and panty shots. Japanese slash 'em up Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is a really nice easy game to pick up and play, where you battle against an almost endless onslaught of fierce enemies while unleashing devastating magical attacks with your blade in this continous gauntlet style gameplay."
76561198028721484,Recommended,263620,9415614,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Kiwi,"A fun little game that reminds me of both in style and gameplay of those old PS2 ninja games like Shinobi. It's refined down to you, an arena full of badguys, and a boss after the waves are done. Enjoyable and worth the price"
,Recommended,263620,9417644,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Hey, this game doesn't really look like much, but it's quiet fun to play. The pure japanese style and language are also a welcome addition for a change.It's not the best game out there, but so far one of the few that's pure manga/anime in a 3d way.The price is no to steep for this product, but you should only buy this if you like shoujo or general anime fighting scenes."
76561198036137342,Recommended,263620,9418890,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,ShimaPanzer,Imagine Ninja Gaiden with more boob physics and pantsu.
,Not Recommended,263620,10723164,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Luboo221,"It's like Devil May Cry, except you're in an arena, you don't really move much, and Japanese school girl. I don't know how to feel about this one. grab it on a sale, it's much too repetative to grab without one. I wish they did somemore with this game...."
76561198068633067,Recommended,263620,33281550,Posted: 5 July,all,WINNER OF GOLF,Thanks obama
,Recommended,263620,21714766,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,UnknownDepth,"I'm just olaying as a school girl. Living in an tuff world. Looking for my Senpai, and just cuttting things in my way.With my ninja moves.Fighting my best friend."
,Not Recommended,263620,24702257,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Чики Брики Dalfo,You got a punch attack that does very little. You have a sword attack that you have to refill. You have a charge attack that you won't be able to use without taking damage. You got a pretty neat special attack. You got a wonky dodge. You got anime tiddies. Combos are terrible from what I've played but I can't see myself sitting through enough of what I did just to unlock fun combos.0.3 hours7 of 33 achievementsUninstalled
76561198036931685,Not Recommended,263620,13640892,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,X X,Dont buy this game lolThis game can be fun for like 4 or 7 minutes but thats it ... haha the character models do look good but um..just don't buy it ok! there is a Demo for this game you can try to see for yourself how boring it gets .. hmm well it is on STEAM sale for like $2 so if you really want it get it now because its actual price is like $10 and this game is not worth your $10 really.If you did buy this at full price ... don't worry I seen worst games out there haha ..just don't throw your money in the toilet like that if anything give it to me :D
76561198024141249,Recommended,263620,12288850,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Snowzii,"could had been better if it was more longer. To long fights, otherwise it was amazing! totally worth the money! Thanks!"
,Recommended,263620,12682959,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,マー,great game buy this guys :D
,Not Recommended,263620,14430135,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,J Dizzle,It's fun for about 20 seconds until you realise your character does two different combos and that's it.
,Recommended,263620,9461181,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,nO_d3N1AL,"A surprisingly good indie title. I was expecting it to be very technically flawed, bad programming and options. However, this game nails it in terms of quality compared to my expectations. Controls are fluent, combat is perfectly paced, the progression is straightforward. You can acquire all the moves very quickly, and upgrade by earning points during combat. I like how there are no complicated menus or RPG systems, it's all about the combat. You kill enemy, earn points, use points to upgrade. Furthermore, the game is very much pick-up-and-play. It may have a miniscule moves list, but the long combos and fast animations make for some satisfying brawler action. For a game that's 286 MB, the graphics aren't too shabby. The ability to save anytime, anywhere and return to the action without going through cumbersome menus or loading screens is commendable. This game distils hack and slash to its most core mechanics, adds its own little power-up twist so that it isn't a direct clone of other games, and puts you right in the action. It's literally all combat, there's no clutter at all. If you value simplicity as well as challenging difficulty - a game that relies solely on mechanics rather than fancy visuals or a story, this game is for you.HOWEVER, this is all assuming you can overlook the extremely difficult boss fights, where your timing has to be perfect and your health is so small and you do so little damage to the boss. If you just want to style, stick with DmC. If you don't mind frustrating boss fights, then this might be OK."
76561198061513703,Recommended,263620,10032504,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Kyokkai,"This is a pretty decent game that feels quite a bit like DMC, especially when playing as Vergil.The campaign is very short, no more than 2 or so hours but that's not the point, the point is the action here. This game throws you into what is basically the bloody palace mode of DMC except the story is interwoven into it. The action is fairly decent and some of the attacks are pretty satisfying. The game is also quite hard even on normal, each enemy and boss will require a slightly different approach. You'll die repeatedly on the bosses if you don't adjust your play style accordingly.There's unlockables and decent amount of upgrades to get as well so you'll most definitely be making use of the new game+ feature if you want to experience the combat system in its entirety.The anction flows well and makes you feel good for keeping up a string of combos without taking a hit.It's a game with a decent amount of passion and effort put into it however, do note that it honestly feels like a small piece of what could be a big game.If you're just looking for some decent action and a game that you can come back to every now and then for some enjoyable combat this isn't a bad choice for 10 bucks, if it's on sale then stop reading this and get it, you certainly won't regret it as long as you know what you're getting into which is once again essentially the bloody palace mode of a DMC game with Vergil as the character.Personally I hope to see this developer grow and possibly make something grander next time."
,Recommended,263620,10823059,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Nomine,"A fun hack n slash game that is a little bit repetitive and grindy (for achievement, 200k souls for 2 costumes alone, while you get like 30k per game clear). The game is actually challenging, especially if you don't upgrade each skill. I discovered ""counter"" 4h to the game and I hope you don't do the same mistake. Try beating the very hard mode or higher without achievement cheating, I dare you.8.5/10"
,Recommended,263620,11230511,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,✪Artzu,Look at my screen shots
,Recommended,263620,15838402,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,くに@多忙な生活,"This is feel shuang game.+girls+music+senior middle school uniform+red hakama+kimono+mini skirt+pants+pants+pantsno brainer game? no no no, you still think how to evade an attack with the boss, otherwise you can easily die!story short, but the style beautiful and very very hard ( INFERNO level ) you can play long time.select difficulty level:★ EASY★ NORMAL★ HARD★ VERY HARD★ INFERNOnice pants & nice girls, challenging camera angle!I'm -80% buy it. great and nice play.=====( Chinese )=====+妹子+音樂+高中制服+巫女服+和服+迷你裙+小褲褲+小褲褲+小褲褲不需要動頭腦嗎？ NO NO NO, 你還是要想一下怎躲BOSS的招, 不然就死得非常快了然後就是解決眼前的所有人, 很好理解吧, 就這樣而已！聽說是同人遊戲, 作風卻很精美, 故事不長, 但是有難度能讓你玩很久,但是對很會玩的大概兩三小時就能打完了, 可能更快( 我花了三小時左右打完normal ),共分為：★ EASY★ NORMAL★ HARD★ VERY HARD★ INFERNO (一擊必殺超難 )研究如何看清晰小褲褲、抓各種角度之類的......很具有挑戰性！-80%時收購的,很棒!! 挺不錯玩的哦。"
,Recommended,263620,16256013,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Camieux,"If I have 1 thing to say, I suck big time at this game.overall game was fun with its hack'n'slash mechanics but gets repetetive after a few rounds of fighting enemies since its basically... hack'n'slash every enemy u see.Artwork= 10/10Game=7/10Story=8/10And..... Dat♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,263620,15546551,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Drakensson,"It has beautiful visuals and production qualities despite being a small ultra-under-the-radar game i would say. However, i can't help but to realize it is a rip-off of Onechanbara. There are some elements that shouts for further development, and remarkably, those elements make this game more fresh.Fresh, i never said goodThe game is quick and aggressive, has well made animation and good while somewhat repetitive score consisting of Rock music with both Western and Asian touch. The characters are not deep, but they are charming and weird by nature.......it is Japanese after all, and it isn't supposed to make any sense.For some reason, and i dont know why, i enjoyed it more than the Bikini Zombie Slayers.It is a mindless hack and slash game, but with qualities and artistic beauty.But visuals are not the gameplay."
,Recommended,263620,19217879,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Misanthrope,nice game
,Recommended,263620,19319430,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Lemon,"I can't remember the last time I had so much fun in a hack n slash. Though it is on sale now at only $2 bucks or so, i'd say it's definitely worth more than the $10 price tag its given.Mechanics:Looking at the game overall, it's pretty simple. The mechanics involve combos (and i'd definitely recommend using a controller for the full experience + vibration support) which chain up with other skills that you'll purchase along the way from skill points given (by killing enemies). The game doesn't have a bazillion combos as one would expect but rest assured there's something satisfying about how polished the attacks are on such a simple game.I think the only downside for the game mechanics is that the arenas are all the same. You'll enter one arena, fight a few wave of enemies, a mini-boss, then move on to the next arena which looks pretty similar  to the previous one other than the last two.Side note: It's not said in the tutorials but take note that when upgrading some of the skills you have beyond level 1, they will unlock new moves within that attack (which are awesome).Story:It's a cheesy story. I wouldn't expect one to critisize this game for having a simple one because it's such a simple game and I think it fits in nicely with the mechanics and scale of the story.Overall:9/10 - Great game for the price and it's extremely polished for such a simple game. Though it doesn't have the best story or game arena aesthetics, it makes up for mechanics that allow a lot of replayability.TL;DR - It's about $2 right now, WHY NOT?"
76561198060806760,Recommended,263620,19379039,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,liXustRiip,"If this would have been as big as Darksouls, Bloodborne, Ninja Gaiden, Bayonetta, DmC or any major hack and slash using lots of RPG elements and huge exploring the game could've been solid considering that the main character model and animations are on point. Still it's really good if you just want a simple hack and slash gameplay, something like a smartphone game without micro transaction nonsense."
76561198254923900,Recommended,263620,20194793,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Kyo Uzuki,very simple hack and slash game. good game to play to blow off some steam if your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥just sit back and kill and listen to some music. good buy but not worth buying full price get it on sale.
,Recommended,263620,30967422,Posted: 5 April,all,Spinedrake,"Game was on sale, it was hack n' slash, and the character was kawaii, how much more motivation do I need? (hint: preferably more)The story wasn't superb, but I didn't find  myself cringing every time the protagonist or antagonist opened their mouths. The stages were repetitive, it seemed like the usual ""different colored enemies with stronger attacks and more health"" mechanic. I can't remember too much about the bosses other than they annoyed me, and not in the Dark Souls I-II way where I'd feel satisfied after I won, more of the, ""oh for ♥♥♥♥'s sake"" like in Dark Souls III or Demons' Souls when you lose a Soul Level to the fake-false-but-also-real (?) king guy (I mean how can a frog be a king, everyone knows they can only be princes).After getting the two (maybe three) strong attacks from the game, and leveling whatever that bar was at the top, it became even more repetitive, I'd be more upset if the animations weren't cool. Also a lot of grinding for the alternate outfits, like, alotof grinding, almost Korean MMO level. And for those 4.3 hours I put in, I believe I beat the story 8 times.I'd suggest getting it cheap, it's a good game, but not something you'd write a letter to your wife back home from Iraq about.Thanks for reading and God bless."
76561198138564766,Not Recommended,263620,23298300,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,u-neeks,"This game only offer 3 different resolutions 1280x720, 1600x900 and 1920x1080."
,Recommended,263620,15873483,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,「 Kariage 」,sexy...
,Recommended,263620,11441976,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,mo1016,"The music, graphic, enemies, gaming mechanic...everything is done well but a bit too simple. If you like 3rd Strike parrying and beat'em up, get it when on sale. Hope there'll be a sequel with more depth."
,Recommended,263620,16887002,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Sonickick,Better than DmC Devil May Cry
,Recommended,263620,21331142,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,IcyNekoinabox,Fun Excellent game! This game is fun and epic! like Metal Gear Revengence but anime!
,Recommended,263620,28753022,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Salty Wolf[LMV],more triggering to commence
,Recommended,263620,20673589,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Raguna The Saucedge,"A good medium skill tier character action game; not quite the same type of combo depth and complexity as things like DMC4:SE or Bayonetta, but needs much more skill than games like God of War or Castlevania: Lords of Shadow."
,Recommended,263620,21613671,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,MTDF_Khajiit_Has_Wares,10/10 needs more tentacles
76561198086994869,Recommended,263620,16726713,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Pin Head Larry,A good game to play when your bored.
,Recommended,263620,16850403,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Minnie Miss,button mashing madness
,Recommended,263620,17010608,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Lukas,Awesome!I reccomend a controler
76561198116254829,Recommended,263620,25746247,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Пiпетаilеdfбх,I like this fight game.
,Recommended,263620,24682578,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ser Ballador the Bright,"like girls with swords, smashing buttons and cut loose? this is your game, gets quite adictive, though you may want to use a controller. Ok, not may, you HAVE to use a controller, doesn't accept mouse input, and keyboard only is not that good. If you have a PS3, PS4 or Xbox controller laying around, you're set, I play with a PS4 controller I bought for my phone, just start the driver program and bam, good bye several hoursPS. I do a lot of offline play, so I've played more time than it says on record"
76561198325083975,Recommended,263620,33193915,Posted: 3 July,all,Pelinehnki,Fun little time killing game
,Recommended,263620,24398330,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Fiji,"In my opinion, enjoyable. It is a fighting game, where you defeat enemies to try and save your friends from succumbing to the power of the sword she wields. The story is linear, meaning there is only one ending. As well as that, the game is relatively short. However, those 100k SP costumes keep you busy fighting those enemies, that's if you're a legitimate player and not a dirty cheater.I can see the story behind this, but would like to see more backstory. As well as that, the story itself is confusing. How did she obtain the sword? Why was it the teacher who died? Things like these I want to know when playing this game.It is repetitive, but if you want a real challenge switch to Inferno so you can play Touhou 1cc simulator where everything one hit kills you. Although this game is short, it is replayable and I do enjoy playing it so it earns my thumbs up. Whether you want it will depend on your opinion on replayable games."
,Recommended,263620,24231569,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Begasus [MMold],Simple gameplay with beautiful anime characters.I loved it!Vote 8
,Recommended,263620,23723888,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Funfest,"This game isn't bad, but it isn't good either, it's somewhere along the middle.It's a beat em up game is all I can say."
,Recommended,263620,23733462,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MisterMercy,"About as simplistic as a hack n' slash game can get, no true story mode to speak of,  and the controls aren't the greatest on keyboard (would definately reccomend a controller for this one). But the combat is solid, the main character is sexy af and the boss designs are pretty nice. Don't expect too much other than to be mildly titilated by the sexy schoolgirl protagonist and to have simplistic yet fun combat and you'll be happy. Nab this one if it goes on sale cause it's a steal if you can get it for under $5."
,Recommended,263620,29494203,Posted: 25 January,all,Huge Mistake,You get to see panties a couple a'times.
,Not Recommended,263620,28924492,Posted: 1 January,all,Ingsoc,When the download is only 200 MB for a 2014 game you know something's not right. This is more a demo than a full fledged game.Pros:- FanserviceCons:- Lack of resolution options- Awful tutorial- Repetitive music- Repetitive sound effects- Repetitive gameplay- Lame story
,Not Recommended,263620,23333208,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Herb,Perverted game for a perverted generation
,Recommended,263620,10966726,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dispacho,Saw pantsu!Highly recommened 10/10 xD
76561198053894701,Recommended,263620,23846527,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Skyninja,"Being a fan of the Hack and Slash genre it's safe to say that Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae isn't a bad game for its price, especially when it is on sale. It is a stage arena arcade style gamePros- Fluid combat system- Quick intense gameplay- Unique ablities and combos- Graphics are fairly decent- Strangely very addictive- Surprisely Challenging on the hardest difficultiesCons- No real Lock-on System except an auto one, however this isn't a major issue in the game- Camera Angles can go dodgy when pushed into a corner- No real story, its very basic and lackluster- Enemy designs aren't nice- Very short Campaign with no other modes just harder difficultiesOverall It is a stage arena arcade style game with some flare and for its price i cannot fault it to much7/10"
76561198064852407,Recommended,263620,25953678,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,pt_kamen,"To be honest, I wasn’t expecting this level of polish and techniques from what this game promised on the trailers. For a long time I was reticent on going into character action games, because I was wrong and fooling myself. So when I started playing the systems kept coming and I kept going. It was an introduction to a genre I now love, as I should have since always.So give it a try, it’s better that the images and trailer might make you believe it is (yes, it’s all basically a bunch of single arena, but good fights)."
,Recommended,263620,30853354,Posted: 31 March,all,RAZERKhas,"Great game for it's price, recommended!"
76561198162921583,Recommended,263620,18783266,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ajax2888,Very nice. Great Anime graphics.
,Recommended,263620,18795196,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Brown,Tickles me jammies 11/9
76561198036023367,Recommended,263620,18535850,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Shiraki,Highly recommended for pantsu lovers.
,Recommended,263620,18564552,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ClockworkReaper,A very basic hack&slash with panty shots and some really fun moments so its pretty great.
,Recommended,263620,18831563,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,♫ El Chino ♫,the time has come and so have i
,Recommended,263620,18589056,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Demonic Reaper Velmir,Awesome hack and slash reminds me of my devil may cry and Bayonetta Days man good to see the genre is still going and this game si a great one
76561198023557586,Recommended,263620,18596352,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,White Lion,Love it
,Recommended,263620,18620672,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,maltness,"i cant recommend this game. it was reaaaaally short hack and slash game, like, really short. lack of stages, moves, combo, enemies, voice act, etc. graphic are quite good, but the animation is kinda awkward, like some of frame is missing in every moves.but wait, cute white undies. and oh, black sexy undies. never mind my last paragraph.jut grab this game, make your girl do a backflip, press F12. and upload. for the sake of humanity, do it. now."
,Recommended,263620,30655318,Posted: 21 March,all,Tenmado,good game
,Recommended,263620,30717286,Posted: 24 March,all,GreyIvy,Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is hard but still fun.(For Me)
,Recommended,263620,9488862,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Tokyo Akazukin,All in all a decent game in between times.Good thing : You see pantiesBad thing : The game is over-priced.
,Recommended,263620,9504694,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Salty Juniper,"Some Japanese games are known for their complex stories.This is not one of those games. Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is stupid, fun violence. The gameplay consists of fighting waves of enemies, followed by a boss. You can upgrade and buy new attacks, which are all fun to use. Despite being short, I'd give it 8/10."
76561198047412556,Recommended,263620,9543730,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,ナツ,"A really nice game to kill some time. It has some decent graphics and I really enjoyed playing this. If you like Japanese schoolgirl wielding a katana beating the crap outta robots, this is a must-buy choice. It even has the original Japanese voicecast :3The only bad thing about this game is, that it's kinda lacking in the story field with its really short storyline. But who cares, I still highly recommend it :)9/10"
,Recommended,263620,9558753,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Tjwalker =),"Long story short: Beautiful.Long story: Graphics are nice, one of the smoothest combat systems I've tinkered with. Difficulties ranging from easy to very hard. The music is good. Almost every sound is important, from hearing footsteps of background enemies to the cries of your antagonist. Sometimes the camera angle goes bonkers but, that in no way effects the overall gameplay. Moves flow like water. Can upgrade your attacks or gain new ones. Earn points to buy costumes. Even after you beat one level of difficulty, there's even higher, challenging ones. The game makes you want to try the different difficulties to test your own skill and trust me, it gets harder. Great repeatability. Still working on very hard mode to be honest lol. It's a game I chose to get at the last second and I have no regrets.Grade: A"
,Recommended,263620,9666249,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,ö,スカート中5月5日のかわいいanimuの女の子 kawaiiiiiiiiii
,Recommended,263620,9685978,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,ZealTree,Love this game!
,Recommended,263620,9720313,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,DreamDrop,"Vapid slashy action. Not too difficult, but a good game for when you just need to murder some fools."
76561198053291428,Recommended,263620,9729468,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,abstractalchemist,"It's pretty obvious what this game is about.  If you buy it and you're disappointed, go get a pair of glasses because clearly you missed reading something.  Otherwise, have a blast like I did."
,Recommended,263620,10121246,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Usazi,"It is a good game. Simple but good. Easy to understand the mekaniks. The story is a little short, and not that good.But overall i really liked this game."
76561198082335770,Recommended,263620,10141771,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Motoko,"If you like the difficulty of Ninja gaiden games, and the the boss fights in Dark souls. Than this is the game for you!Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,263620,10568018,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Thelta,"Add Japanese Schoolgirl as main character, put Metal Gear Rising gameplay and cook it in Devil May Cry's Bloody Palace and you have this game."
,Recommended,263620,10569633,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Masaki Ren,"I believe that if you have fun playing the game, then it is good. This game may not have a lot of replayability or graphics settings and the story is not the best, but it does have an arcade-like feel. The combat is a little repetitive, there is not a lot of upgrades, the play area is small, and the game is very short. I would not be surprised if this is a port of a popular arcade game in Japan, which would explain why the game plays like it does... except for the AI's behavior. Is this game good? I had fun playing it, so in my opinion, yes it is a good game. If you like arcade-style games or like repetitive Hack N' Slash games, I recommend this game to you. If you are not sure you can try the{LINK REMOVED}Demoto see if you like the gameplay."
,Recommended,263620,10590616,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Raiken,"Nice Game. Such School Girls.It'll be a super lot more better if it's a RPG or MMO game. This grapics and other things inside are good.Character and Enemies are nice too. Misa is the girl yo.I just loved this game, a little bit boring at the first play though (because didn't know about upgrading and etc.)But It's getting awesome in the end. I reommended this."
76561198013457383,Recommended,263620,10596270,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Artigan202,Plays like Ninja Gaiden without the running around pointlessly
76561198044040202,Recommended,263620,10609217,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CarrotwithaK,"waifu/10, good boss battles, and overall enjoyable game."
,Recommended,263620,10620331,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NegaSpark,"A short, but fun hack-n-slash - gameplay is hard, but not unfair. You unlock moves and upgrades with currency gained from killing foes, which is nice. Veterans of the genre should appreciate the unlockable difficulties. Worth a pop at sale prices, otherwise too short to warrant the purchase."
,Recommended,263620,10642025,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,-i.Abadox,"I was promised school girl uniforms and panty shots, and I was not let down.Pantsu / 10; Would recommend."
,Recommended,263620,10643671,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lozzu,Panties with Devil May Cry 11/10
76561198055967690,Recommended,263620,10648105,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,oaque,"This is the dumbest most stupid game I have ever played in my entire life. Mitsurugi Kamue Hikae is a 12/10 masterpiece, game-of-the-year not only for 2014 but also retroactively for all previous years since the dawn of time. If it were any more perfect the crust of the planet would buckle and indeed be torn asunder under the apocalyptic mass of entertainment that this game presents. It's a terrifying disaster. Would buy again."
,Recommended,263620,10651729,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Shen2B,"Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is a 3D spectal fighter similar to DMC, except that Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is a much more hardcore game and is not easy..TLDR: hard game, cute kawaii character, story meh, rewarding combatThe beauty of Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is the not the cute kawaii girl running out cutting♥♥♥♥♥♥up, but its the combat system. The combat system rewards you for being perfect and punishes you for getting hit or failing to parry at the exact moment. What makes the combat so rewarding? Well seeing your character doing a million slashes on screen and you watch as she decimates all her foes infront of her. The combat may be very repetitive and heavy button smashing but its fun if you're the type of player who enjoys mashing buttons and pulling off heaps of crazy combos.The story is meh and is clearly not the main selling point of the game, long story short. You play as cute kawaii girl and you must go out and defeat your friend who has been courrupted by an ancient evil sword.The game uses artificial difficulty meaning that playing it on hard mode, means the enemies have more health and deal more damage which makes it very difficult however, if you are able to pull off your combos and ultimate attack then it shouldnt be a problem.Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is a hard game but once you learn how to play the game effectively its actually a really fun game."
,Recommended,263620,10654398,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Blk Hat,Amazing for an indie game.
76561198093149956,Recommended,263620,10660889,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Drawnphilosophy,Pretty fun for a hack and slash
,Recommended,263620,10701302,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Squashie,"I picked up Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae on a complete whim, it was very cheap and looked like alot of fun. Whilst it makes little sense at times, it really is good fun. There's a small ongoing storyline that doesn't make a huge amount of sense, but the main idea of the game is to slash your way hoardes of enemies, playing as Japanese school girls.The difficulty does soon start to ramp up, but exploring different actions and what not is pretty interesting. Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae could do with a little more explanation but isn't exactly designed for a western audience. As such, is pretty revealing in terms of the characters. Which can't be a bad thing, right? ;)"
76561198012996971,Recommended,263620,10703155,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MarcZaf,"I'll ""cut"" to the chase(ahehehehe cheeky cheeky pun... right there)Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae. If you're into hacking and slashing texture swapped enemies for an hour and school girls with big hips, thighs, and breasts... then you might enjoy this game.The movements or animations are pretty solid rather than fluid, but it works. Upgrade system could use some work because they seem rather bland, some upgrades are just useless or unnoticeable(like damage increases). There's nothing more to the stages but gather around enemies then hacking and slashing them; I wished they added more exploration, like Devil May Cry stages considering that there's not much variation to the enemies and it becomes very boring once you've finished it for the first time.Total gameplay time: if you're as good as me, or better, it could be completed(100%) in roughly 3 - 5 hours"
76561198032267746,Recommended,263620,10747970,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dynoski,"This game is really intense and I""m loving it already!!!"
76561198042378321,Recommended,263620,10758951,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DongleGinger,This game is really good but really repetative. If you want something new every level besides different enemies than don't get it. If you just want a hack and slash to button mash to that will easily entertain you than have at it. After playing other repetative button mashing games this game did not bore me one bit.
,Recommended,263620,10760520,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Riskybiscuit,Pantsugelion May Cry.
,Recommended,263620,10763696,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Xcellerator,"If you're looking for a great story driven game, don't bother.If you're looking for a really fun skill based Japanese-style fighter, then this is what you're after!"
,Recommended,263620,10766696,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Skullshot Strategy,"This game consists mainly of fighting several enemies at a time inside a confined enclosure that has absolutely no bits of scenery except a couple of fake looking buildings in the background. The enemies in the game consist of a guy with a sword, a giant robot guy, and a giant demon guy.The way they keep the game from running out of content was to recolor the enemies and give them an ever so slightly different skillset. The control system for this game has the camera controlled by the keyboard, and the attack skills have absolutely no variation besides the original two or three swipes.The skills themselves are completely broken, as you can kick enemies up in the air and kick them back down while staying invicible. Other skills simply hit every enemy around you, stunning them and slowly killing them.Overall the gameplay is boring and repetitive, and only a Call of Duty player could ever find it even slightly amusing0/10 Would play again"
76561198065123870,Recommended,263620,10783158,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Griffith. ♛,"Well, I got it on sale for +/-3 euros. For such a price it a sweet deal. I didn't expect much from the game, but it is alright. Decent graphics, decent game size - doesn't take up much space, surprisingly.The only major minus - the odd keys and key combinations for attacks and movements. You will have to rebind all of them to play it normally.I'd recommend buying it if there is a sale for this game. Otherwise - doubt it."
,Recommended,263620,10987245,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Shigeyama,"MISA, MISA, MISA...This is my review on this game isn't worth your time just me having fun since this game was everything I wanted. If I had to describe to someone what I liked about a girl's appearnce, it'd be Misa, 'nuff said.Oh and you really want me to review this game, the swordplay and replayability was awesome. It's worth your money and has dazzling animations. For each katana special. The only con is the camera movement needs to be controlled manually except on boss fights, but that's minor. Also you unlock Very Hard mode if you beat it on Hard. You unlock costumes for Misaaaa if you beat the game once, and you can also unlock more while constantly playing. It's truly worth it while it's on sale during a seasonal sale. (Misa, Misa...)"
,Recommended,263620,10988595,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,KrimzonWingz,"Really fun, really simple hack and slash <3"
,Recommended,263620,10988822,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,lobsterfeng,I bought it for $2.49 and there are definitely worse ways to spend that kind of money.
76561198012288221,Recommended,263620,10990060,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Czunik,Incredible gem .. quite simple game .. but very good looking .. and dark souls level difficulty. Possibly even beyond that.
,Recommended,263620,10994216,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Tinuviel,"For those who would like a quick hack and slash game fix, this is for you. The nice thing about this game is that you can easily save whenever you want.For those who would like to see plot: Sorry, it's practically non-existent. You have your characters and your mcguffin, that's it. You're supposed to hack and slash your way to the game.As for me, saw some panties. Reason enough to play for stress relief.Pantsu/10"
,Recommended,263620,10996456,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,JuNo,Good game. better experience with controller!love it.
,Recommended,263620,11009250,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Microchips,JUST LIKE MY JAPANESE CARTOONS.
76561198042899688,Recommended,263620,11013518,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,mega_ht,"This game is packed with normal button mashing hack n' slash gameplay. Which is what I like. However, very little backstory is given, and that annoys the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.The gameplays out like this: multiple waves of enemies with a boss at the last one. Combat is kind of stiff, but it's easy to get used to. Enemies are generic and simple to understand. If you are incapable of getting a 500 hit combo, you must really really suck because achieving that is super easy. Another really nice thing to note is: You can buy upgrades despite still being in combat.You can also see up her skirt.10/10"
,Recommended,263620,11013944,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Goofy Wacky Waffles,M'waifu approved. 69/10
,Recommended,263620,11026518,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Yurisistable,"Hardcore Kawaii Schoolgirl Katana Demon Killa SimulatorBetter than DmC, 11/10"
,Recommended,263620,11041425,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Spook,Devil May Uguu
76561198080331381,Recommended,263620,11055525,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Hentai Tensai,This is probably the best $2.50 I've ever spent
,Recommended,263620,11063255,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Xeswes,Suprisingly enjoyable beat 'em up game...Essentially a DmC clone but you're a school girl with a katana and a mini skirt.Need I say more?
,Recommended,263620,11071019,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,グシオンリベイク,"I am the bone of my skirt.Steel is my oshiri and fire is my Oppai.I have created over a thousand boners.Unknown to pants, Nor known to jeans.Have withstood pain to keep the strongest hymen.Yet , those hands will never sex anything.So I pray, unlimited pantsu works."
,Recommended,263620,11080989,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Tuxedo_Dan,"Great action game. Swordplay, combos, parrying, all kinds of amazing! :)"
,Recommended,263620,11104580,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Bob,"My opinions fluctuated quite a bit with this game. I admit that when I saw a Japanese schoolgirl carving her way through hordes of enemies with a sword I couldn't throw my money at the screen fast enough. However once I started to play the game I began to think this was a rash impulse purchase that I would regret. The levels are just circular arenas where you just fight a limited range of different enemies. Once I got into the game I found that the animation and effects are smooth, the combat is gloriously satisfying and there is a nice upgrade tree that builds up the efficacy and variety of moves. Yes it is quite short but it is cheap so it still feels like good value. There is a reasonable amount of replayability with the upgrades and different difficulties. So yes I would recommend this game for a good few hours of satisfying cyborg slashing entertainment....And yes you do get occasional glimpses of pants if that is important to you."
,Recommended,263620,11113090,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Bears,It's Bloody Palace pretty much.It's alright.10/10 waifus.
,Recommended,263620,11126542,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,The Space Time Witch,"This game is mot too bad on easy.  It is a pain in the butt on any other difficulty....At least for me.  Controller is the best way to play it and they don't tell you how many enemies are in each wave or their health except for boss battles.  Like I said it is not bad, but it is not great either..."
76561198056051241,Recommended,263620,11144625,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Virtual Ally,Hack and slash game with alot of combos and dodging.Includes Cute samurai school girl with pantsu shotssadly this is a short game but I still recommend the game
76561198125218260,Recommended,263620,11150398,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,EvilSephiroth,All i can say about this is GET IT NOW :3
,Recommended,263620,11283137,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,774,"Kinda reminds me of  Bloody Palace mode in Devil May Cry, except Instead of Dante you're a Badass School girl with a Demon-slaying blade, The game may be short, but it's worth the time and replay....just like any good old Hack'n'slash game"
,Recommended,263620,11319455,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,xDanny123x,Worth the money for a game like this.- 5 Difficulties to choose from (Inferno is actually fun)- 5 Unlockable Costumes- Pantsu- Unlockable Movesets- Upgrading Skills- Pantsu- Challenging yet rewardingOh and did I mention it has loads of Panty shots?
,Recommended,263620,11327035,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,EUGENE V. DABS,It's basically simplified Devil May Cry; but it's very polished in its own way and you should buy it so more games will come to Steam from Comiket and actually buying those games won't involve going to Japan and elbowing your way through the largest comic book convention in the country.
76561198006658529,Recommended,263620,11442724,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,hjeng,"Fun, but extremely short. Tutorial and instructions aren't very good, but most of the missing information can be found online without too much trouble. If you like beat em ups and fan service than worth picking up when it's on sale, but I would skip it at full price."
,Recommended,263620,11539719,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,[TDE] Solaris17,Their isnt much to say about this game. The graphics are good and the gameplay is legitimately fun. It is FAR easier with a controller and the game does a great job at automatically picking this up. The keyboard controls are difficult though. I would recommend re-mapping them if you decide to pick it up and dont have a controller. Other than that great game. worth the money. story isnt bad.
,Recommended,263620,11624734,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Roger_Smith,"This one hell of a game. Of course as a doujin title it has some flaws and some of them may lead to frustration. Heroine may be late to react and your inputs to block or parry not always save you from enemy's hit. But overall that is very fun and addicting slasher with intersting combat system and tricky boss fights. Some may not like that all levels consist of nothing but arena but then again, that's a doujin game and level design takes some time and a lot of effort. The graphics are good, heroine's model looks fantastic and game runs smoothly even on low-tier PCs. Sound fits this game like a glove. Every hit and slash feels satisfying and music is decent. Highly recommend this game for every slasher enthusiast out there. Just don't let the lack of moves in the beginning deceive you: wait until you have enough points for upgrade and then real fun'll begin."
76561198030327296,Recommended,263620,11696745,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,hana san,Chill hack and slash + boss fights + panties = Best
,Recommended,263620,11697429,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Stratos,Katanas Pantsu SUGOIIIIIIII !!!!!
,Recommended,263620,11706801,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,DeathGodSkeith,fun as hell for a beatem up but not much to it
76561197987276742,Recommended,263620,11716466,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Ryu Shadowstone,"So basically the game is pretty easy. there is a rather big lack of story, like who the crap are all these dudes i'm beating up, But oh well i love to stab things. It was good for a quick thing of just murdering bad guys for kicks, and the bosses are quite interesting, if terribly easy on anything other than hard.The combos are....Okay at best, as it does get tiring doing the same damned backflip all the time, But it does have so good intense moments when you play on hard.Panty shots aside, the actual fighting is great, but the constant undewear made me glad i unlocked the shrine maiden outfit, as it just felt a lot better.What i would say is that this game is great if you can get it cheap and feel like you want to just murder things, other than that, don't really go for it unless you REALLY want to see panties that bad, and if you do, go play Dead or Alive or something.But overall i did enjoy it, and will probably still play it when i wanna just kill some stuff XD"
,Recommended,263620,11743510,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Hatchet Harry,Perfect for samurai perverts. 10/10 its okay.
76561198055784035,Recommended,263620,11747351,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,D3Slayer,Its a fun ThirdPerson Sword Game You have to battle Minions and fight multiple bosses its a fun but short game
,Recommended,263620,11757241,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Frog,its a Good Game To Play
76561198050393599,Recommended,263620,11797576,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Sailor Gloom,"This is what a good indie game should be like, all the fluff is cut out to focus on a very solid core element which in this case is the combat.The game is pretty short, 5 stages with bosses, there isnt much story and really no level design to speak of. Just you in an arena with waves of bad guys but thats all the game needs.The combat is fast and mobile and the animations look great you'll be sliding and slicing your way through an arena full of baddies with ease and finish them off with a stylish blade sheath move.All in all a really fun hack and slash game and well worth the price, there is an up grade list to work through, a couple costumes , and the higher difficulty settings to tackle so there is some good replayability here.I just wish there were more games like this for pc.*cough* Onechanbara pc release please *cough*In a world of AAA games running up massive budgets on cosmetic appeal and gimmick features/ tech its nice to see a game so simple and trimmed yet so fun and affordable.10/10"
,Recommended,263620,11881525,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,TopTuK❤,"If you like slasher games you will find this game brilliant.And don't look at graphic or textures, game is awesome, with nice music track and with sexy japanese girls ;)Still, too short, but who cares."
,Recommended,263620,12048264,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Vraska28,"a little bit of fun, but you can beat the game on hard in 20 minutes. for the $1 something i payed for it it was worth it"
76561198078796284,Recommended,263620,12151214,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Lyzeil,"It's a very niche title, but it is fun and very challenging. Combat is a little boring until you start upgrading moves and abilities then it becomes fun and fluid. Outside of fighting Suzaka the boss battle are kinda uninspired and are more so about attrition. It s afun time never the less though."
76561198083517209,Recommended,263620,12219396,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,nutsohappy,Who like style Hack and Slash or challenge.You'll like it!Even the story has short.But still FUN!! :)
,Recommended,263620,12971515,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,lemonhail,"A barebones Devil May Cry-esque game that plays fantastically and maintains a solid 60FPS. It has a great parry system and a good escalation in difficulty, with bosses that make you learn those patterns. Every battle feels fluid and stylish. I played with a controller and have no idea how the controls would map to a keyboard."
,Recommended,263620,13095245,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,[l<.u.ř.Ø_J.Φ.l<.a.r],"Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is very basic, just slash. However in combat,it is really in-depth combat with nice looking characters (Moe) and flashy attacks moves. The whole game is set in an arena type environment and you're attacked by waves of demons culminating in a boss battle.  The main con of the game is the level design. 1st and 2nd stages repeated with different colour (Day/Night), plus most of the time you will be running in a circle dash or dodge enemy attack."
,Recommended,263620,13110930,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Cojey,"I really like this game. It's not about the graphics or story, it's about defeating waves apon waves of enemies.As you fight your enemies, you can upgrade yourself and become stronger. As you become stronger, your enemies too become stronger, so you need master the techniques and skills you aquire throught the game.This is a truly classic hack and slash game."
,Recommended,263620,13169443,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,StrangeAxle,"I don't like the bosses.  Their designs are neat, but you can never really tell what attacks of theirs you CAN'T block.  The controls are a bit sluggish but I guess they were going for the ""hard to master"" approach, or smooth things out with the level system.  The moves you can get very early on start to help out, and then the upgrades just soar you into hack and slash queendom.Good to numb your brain, nothing too complex.  The only thing really challenging is learning what each boss does and dying a few times before you get which attacks you can't block or counter.  Keep me in the wave arenas.  The bosses are just something to change the pace, but they're annoying.  Recommended for any action junkie, but DEFINITELY on a big sale."
,Recommended,263620,13181563,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Unwiseman,"It's a hack and slash game reminiscent to games like Devil May Cry.Pros:Controls are pretty easy to get the hang ofCombos are strung together with easeUpgrades are fairly cheap and can be obtained at any timeCons:Small stage sizes; akin to an area-fighterIt is a short game with only 5 actual stagesBoss battles almost lose the hack and slash combos in favor of baiting bosses into favorable/predictable patterns to allow for a few quick hits on them; As such, boss battles can take a while to complete before certain upgrades are obtainedAll in all, it's not a bad way to spend a few hours if you have time to kill. It's fun, but it's also rather repetitive and nothing really game changing shows up by the end. Though it's probably not worth the full $9.99, it is definitely worth the sale price if you enjoy this kind of game."
,Recommended,263620,13187000,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,a mistake,It's alright.
76561198060077520,Recommended,263620,13209069,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,therealkiller7,"VERY GOOD-Solid P.C animations, good voice acting.Combat system is easy to learn certain skills are hard to master, gets challenging on harder difficulties especially boss-wise.A very good game and lots of potential make to the combat system and enemies even better.Needs more extra content, maybe even a multiplayer add-on."
,Recommended,263620,13238595,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Tivia,"A cute girl action with katana and seifuku? Why not?The gameplay is quite good. The only problem for me is the targeting system, which is annoying..."
,Recommended,263620,13299664,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Waifusforlaifu,"Very simple arcade action game similar to DMC, Bayo and the like. It takes away any fluff and focuses on gameplay. You're going to be fighting variations of the same enemy in waves with bosses scattered throughout but the heart of the game, like all in this genre, come from leveling up abilities, getting gud at combos, cancels and flowing excecution.Great action game and a indie gem for the genre. Must grab when on sale, highly recommend full price as well."
76561198047381549,Recommended,263620,13385501,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Seidjy,"A lot of fun for a small game, and you can play again in modes more dificult."
,Recommended,263620,13444396,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,chrisgendo,"i had a ton of fun with this one and the limited content makes it very easy to play in short bursts to get my action game fill, which i think benefits it. very arcade-y. it's absolutely worth the sale price."
,Recommended,263620,13478774,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,I HackDragon I,If you like devil may cry there's a high chance you'll enjoy this game. Very similar in terms of skills required for timing and counters.
,Recommended,263620,13515627,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Black Wo Shooter,Joishikousei hack and slash!
,Recommended,263620,13525382,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,UNNIES,ตัวละครสวยดี มุมมองน่าสนุก แต่รสชาติการฟันและทำดาเมจยังไม่สมจริงและสะใจเท่า Devil May Cry มันแข็งเหมือนสู้อยู่กับหุ่นยนต์ไม่มีเลือดเนื้อ แต่ก็ให้อภัยเพราะตัวละครน่ารัก
,Recommended,263620,13562851,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kathy,"There are many aspects of this game why do I recommend this to gamers.1. Hack and Slash - This game is very stress-releasing at the same time rage-inducing. Stress-releasing because when you think of your boss and hate him, play this game; rage-inducing is when you die over and over again in the 2nd boss and decided to quit instead.2. Panties - Recommended for weeabs who likes school girl uniforms and panties. These otakus love to see Misa tumble around and don't care about her dying because they've alredy won. They saw the panties. lol.3. Japanese game - Requires alot of grinding if you want to upgrade Misa like those vicious slashes and kicks. This level system allows your character to become stronger when things become difficult like the stage bosses. If you have fully upgraded the character and still defeated by the boss, forget about gaming."
76561198043955042,Recommended,263620,13901494,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Dad,"Bought this game on sale for $2.74. Like most hack and slash games enemies are pretty much the same through out with little variations. Those guys in red suits pretend to be Beyblades once in a while, so careful. Dialogue is pretty bad and the textures are very subpar, but it's in game somehow looks better? I dunno. Keyboard controls by default are REALLY bad and somehow they didn't consider the mouse for controls?The game itself isn't bad if you're just looking to kill time in between long hours of other stuff. $10.99 might not be the right pricetag though. Something closer to $4-8 would be better.Also upskirts."
76561198073119543,Recommended,263620,13931505,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,50shadesofletmetapdatass,"I actually like this game so far, as graphics and character design go.As for the plot, it's pretty cliche and direct. I've watched enough anime to know how this is lol and it's typical.The only problem I have for this game, is the game play, yeah you can upgrade and what not. But it just makes you go through, waves, through waves of eneimes, and it gets pretty tiring (after wave 4). (Thus taking forever for the story to progress from pont A to point B.)Overall I would give it a 7.5/10 *8.5/10 if your just in it for the pantsu and the cute girls.*"
,Recommended,263620,13947906,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,iFlush,"So far, after all these years (lol)I still love this game.If you love this game and you're some weird pervert. Well.'\(._.)/'"
,Recommended,263620,13965617,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Sky,I finished the game in one sitting of a hour and 23min.. the game is very much getting perfect timing and doging attacks.. Plenty of panty shots too.. the game has a bunch of averages but still is very much playable and somewhat enjoyable the first time you play..6.5/10
76561198006747717,Recommended,263620,14014554,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Juancho,"INTENSE, BEAUTIFUL, LIGHTNING FAST SWORD COMBAT. WOW.This game completely focuses on combat, and that's where I get the most fun out of it. One won't enjoy or appreciate it much at the beginning if he/she doesn't have an idea of the whole combat mechanic. The tutorial mentions very little about it, so it takes experimentation to learn how to use the different moves and be effective in combat. One good example is learning when and how to use the ""Zanshin"" move in order to use the ""Holy Attack"" again and again."
76561198027398266,Recommended,263620,14020913,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Duga Kimishima,"HMM, what can i say, i've bought it for 2 €, and... it has been (for me) a really good game. It's pretty repetitive but i don't care since i can kick asses :DI like the fact that i can get all the archivements. In other games, you must play like 200h to get all archivements... i know that an archivement is an archivement... but i like knowing that i can get all them without being too much time.If you don't care ''repetitives games'', and you like ''hack and slash'', this is really good because it has a dinamic combat and a lot of combos and skills to use.Finally, the difficulty is well done. Easy is really easy, normal is mid~, and hard is pretty hard.If you are thinking about buying the game, you have read this review, and you still are thinking about buying it, BUY IT, you won't regret :)"
,Recommended,263620,14155375,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BioGenx2b,"I played through the entire game starting on Hard. The tutorial is highly recommended, as there are a number of complicated techniques that are easy to understand but challenging to master. This game feels like it does absolutely everything it needs to and nothing more. It's the Portal of Waifu Hack-n-Slash games and it's very challenging and fun. I bought it on sale for $2.50 but would've gladly payed up to $7.50 for it.Things to remember:• Just Guard often.• Quickly Guard often to string together larger combos.• Upgrade points can be spent at any time."
76561197961774857,Recommended,263620,14251548,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,pitch,A game about mastering fundementals
,Recommended,263620,14754181,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Alucks,パンティー
,Recommended,263620,9702196,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Mashi,The panties are strong with this one... BUY IT!
76561198009006282,Recommended,263620,10283687,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Scotty R Coghlan,"Was very pleased when I got this game, its So Good when u just want a good combo hack n slash quick game here n there."
76561198106906866,Recommended,263620,10595721,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,d.orozco1397,great game
,Recommended,263620,10659713,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DietDrGeek,"The best game under 300MB i've ever played. Story isn't the best, but the action is fast. Game is hard but not impossible. Can't beat it for the price!"
,Recommended,263620,10703017,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lt. Col. Bill Kilgore,Metal Gear Rising but with an anime girl. 10/10
,Recommended,263620,10706171,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Pizzarous,It's a great game to mash your controller and kill nasty helmet goons!Also panties.
,Recommended,263620,10775221,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,the Power of Friendship and Love,"This is like Pantsu May Cry: REVENGEANCEYou control Misa, a mother*ucking Blade Maiden with an awesome katana, in a schoolgirl outfit (for your first run), killing androids with blood, and more robots, and burnt hulks, and some bosses who are total pu**ies on insane, in order to save your waifu Suzuka because the red sword whose name I dont remember is driving her crazy and killed your teacher.Holy s***, story aside, you can combo the s*** out of monster, and if youre a p***y, you can dodge and block, but of course not: your pro and will parry the f***ers, or even better, use flourish to totally ravage them with one slash (if youre gud enough to master that move)All in all, an excelent game, too short maybe, but hey, it's indy and 200MB so....get it!!!10/10 saw some pantsu and delicious gameplayPD. starting with hard, the game turns into [git gud or die trying] mode, so, dont rage too much."
,Recommended,263620,10783023,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,JuFro,"Hack and slash it up! this game is lots of fun and a challenge. Upgrades, costumes, and girls with swords fighting good old kill bill style! the only cons to this game is that its a bit short and once you have all the upgrades and costumes its just the same game over and over. It is fun however to restart with all your upgrades and just own the sheet out of enemys that were a challenge before :)"
76561197998218313,Recommended,263620,10857620,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kage,"Button mashing yolo dynasty warriors.  All in all, an old school feel of difficulty at an arcade.  Some people are better at the game then others.  Keep in mind this is a workout for your keyboard, digits, and reflexes due to no mouse support.  I am not sure about the gamepad, again some players are better using one way or the other.  Simple and straight forward, has a basic story.  7/10 if anyone cares for my opinion."
,Recommended,263620,10861234,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ポロクマ,Just buy this
,Recommended,263620,10875009,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,VOXX,"Excellent game! Definitely worth the money, I got 2hrs of playtime out of this game which I could easily expand to 6! A fun small game to play while waiting."
76561197975566268,Recommended,263620,11236879,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Friendo,"I have no idea what I'm doing, but it's fun."
,Recommended,263620,11265018,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Darkness,"Had no idea what to expect from this game, bought it for the playable girl. Turns out I'm actually having fun with this."
,Recommended,263620,11538580,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,nothing will be forgotten,bought this game because of misa
,Recommended,263620,11569953,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,CalebAlpha,"Kinda short little slice of randomn dude fighting with boss battles. Gets a little repetative and I had to mute it once because the constant ""Huu! Huu!"" was driving me nuts. Still its got charm and the mini cut scenes remind me of bushido blade on the psx. Worth a try but try to get it cheap to avoid regrets and also prepare for grind."
76561198082861511,Recommended,263620,11605768,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,CNinJa2,A must have Game for otaku
,Recommended,263620,12417885,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,BeeAre,This is a Shinobi/Ninja Gaiden/DmC hack and slash combat arcade game.   No real story just combos and killing.  It would feel right at home as an import Dreamcast game you got because of how cool you are.
76561198134064828,Recommended,263620,12654846,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,ClownWithNoHead,It's like Onechanbara's little sister.  The levels are a series of circular arenas where you hack and slash many enemies until you get to the boss.  Pause and level up various abilities and moves anytime.  This game is very short but thanks to newgame+ very replayable.  If you prefer more action than story it's a winner.
,Recommended,263620,13479529,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Guinness,"I'm not all that familiar with this ""Kawaii"" business but I'm guessing dying to a boss 20 times is a part of it.In all seriousness, it's great for something that doesn't even cost £5 and you see how fun it can be once you start unlocking more moves. I'd say it's great."
,Recommended,263620,13947606,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Devilsdeal,"i enjoy hack and slash games as much as the next person, but the controls are almost crap. In order to use the counter or flourish skills you need to have perfect timing (which is not likely to happen a good percent of the time). Most of the basic enemies are simple to deal with, but once you reach enemies that dont get stunned until they ""bleed"" it becomes tedious.Unless you can master flourishing it becomes a game of hit and run. Also, the difficulty between the normal enemies and the bosses skyrockets. You will most likely die a few times before you get the hang of how to beat the boss.Though, I have to give the game some credit, For how cheap the game is it has well animated characters and the boss enemies look decent (though I cant say the same about the normal enemies). I think this game needs a bit of work but all-in-all is worth $10 if you have a little extra money burning a hole in you pocket."
,Recommended,263620,13956482,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,PuffyPussPuss,pretty good game to kill time.
,Recommended,263620,13991610,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,imelman,An pretty cool anime action fighting game.
,Recommended,263620,14129173,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Silentium,its ok. i think it can be really fun for few minutes but than is it boring. u have to do permanently the same thing
,Recommended,263620,9512338,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,HatsuneMiku,Kawaii Game
76561198012438118,Recommended,263620,10655967,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jahicko,"Holy freak, this is awesome."
76561197997121517,Recommended,263620,10733715,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kerry Winters,Schoolgirl doin sick combos. Cmon.
76561198009863680,Recommended,263620,10812071,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Vockher,Kawaii~(◕‿◕✿)
76561198034374409,Recommended,263620,11040869,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Arcueid,"Got this on sale for next to nothing and i was first concerned at the generic look of the game when finally i realized behind the bad textures of copy/pasted enemies i realized it actually has a fun fast paced combat. The game is very short but it is somewhat difficult for begginers, and after that point its clearly meant to be replayed at higher difficulties.So i'd say its worth a try."
,Recommended,263620,13276371,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Unity-Chan,"Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is a hard-core action game for sure, though I havent got smooth actions like DMC (I mean 1-4, not the new DMC) or Ninja Gaiden. The graphic is not very good, but rather beautiful for an indie game. Not many screens/places you can walk around, it is like a stage battle, but hell, dispite all that small problem, it is a great game.These days there are just so few real hard-core games, players tend to turn into zombies which enjoy brainless games like COD, just shoot your way through the game. This one is different, the battles in this game are actually very hard and require some thinking and skills, trial and error.Sure it has a long way to go until it can be compaired with first-class action games, but its getting there. If you like hard-core action games, get this one, you are going to like it."
,Recommended,263620,14024515,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Staz,pantsu
,Recommended,263620,14788467,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,AsatorPrime,A nice little hack and slash despite it being very bare bones.
76561198061142815,Recommended,263620,14997548,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Omega,"As a time killer it's pretty much good. Be aware of some hard battles here, specially if you're dull with your fingers. It can get pretty frustrating because of rapid combat maneuvers from your enemies, but c'mon, it's supposed you gotta be fast.The only con I'm finding here is that dash command. You lift up the analog button quite easily, so you lose the dash and therefore the foes bang you.My overall: 8/10"
76561198170068557,Recommended,263620,15099955,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,pencilmanners,"Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is a 3rd person hack n slash/brawler/spectacle fighter/katana simulator with a name that almost no one outside of Japan can pronounce or even translate. So instead let’s just stick with pantsu may cry because you basically play as Vergil, the level format is similar to bloody palace and like the 4th game most of the budget and development time went into the combat system and nothing else.The story is… there… occasionally, you play as Misa, a sword priestess cutting down waves of demons as she tries to catch her classmate who has been corrupted by the demon sword, that’s about all there is to it. There’s nothing interesting about the plot but it’s so simple and very rarely rears its head that it never becomes a detriment to the game.The combat on the other hand is the sole reason to buy this game. Misa’s move set revolves entirely around her katana, her hand to hand attacks charge up a bar that allows her to use standard katana attacks as well as more powerful attacks with more range that have to be charged. The stand out superstar of this combat system however is her sheathing mechanic.If you’ve watched enough anime in your life, you may be well aware of the cliché of sword fights where the finishing blow only appears once the winner sheaths their sword. Pantsu may cry translates this trope wonderfully into gameplay, if an enemy takes enough damage they start flashing red, Misa can then sheath her sword causing them to take more damage as well dropping health and spirit money that is used to upgrade her combat. As well as being as flashy as hell, it’s quite useful for staggering enemies as well as getting health without going through the effort of killing enemies, in fact enemies/bosses that would previously block Misa’s attacks without staggering can be stunned and juggled once they start flashing red which provides players an opportunity to go ballistic on an enemy that use to be a pain in their side.There is no level design, you fight enemies in waves on a circular platform with an environment that occasionally change between fights, but just like the story that just means it doesn’t interfere. Most of the enemies and bosses are petty uninteresting with the exception of Suzuka, Misa’s classmate, who makes a great final boss with a fairly deep move set with attacks that have similar starting animations making them difficult to telegraph.My one gripe with the combat is that there is no lock-on, so with no real method to focus on a single target, some of Misa’s attacks will go in a completely different direction than intended, also some attacks don’t string together, there are times when there’s that awkward pause between combos because the attack you inputted requires your katana to be sheathed, it’s an unnecessary nuance that convinces you to switch between hand to hand and katana attacks but it’s very minor and might not even be noticed on a 1st playthrough.This game doesn’t have the depth of other hack n slash games such as Devil may cry and anything platinum makes, but it’s a £7 game that lasts around 4 hours and it’s great to play in between games. I hope this sheathing mechanic carries on to other games and I’ll gladly recommend it to anyone provided they’re aware that the combat is the only part of substance to the game."
,Recommended,263620,15211454,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,PockySnacks,Hnnnnnguhhh Pantsu shots
76561198010098984,Recommended,263620,15244246,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rheimus,"This is an interesting game, while I would not call this game complete it does shine at its intended purpose.Essentially this game is one of those neverending tower of enemy modes from games like Devil may cry or other such spectical fighter type games. It has its own charms as well as farily tight controls that I had little difficulty mastering and is great for a quick fix of action combat if you dont quite have enough time to invest in a longer gameplan."
,Recommended,263620,15252265,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,☛GE®☚,Good
76561198072144953,Recommended,263620,15329197,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,NinjaGogeta,Thank god for the mute button.
,Recommended,263620,15461113,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Widowmaker's BFF,"This is a good little beat em up. If you have time or want to past time away, this is for you."
,Recommended,263620,15549687,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Trooper_Max,"Great game. Love the anime feel, beautiful visuals, and fun sword fighting.Though short, I can see it being a fun game to go back to from time to time for some quick enjoyable hack n slash, and I doubt I'll ever beat all the difficulty levels."
,Recommended,263620,15823291,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Kimion,The quality of this Game is not very nice but the Gameplay is awesome and fun.
76561198063320953,Recommended,263620,15828025,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,White beard,"its a great game, if youve played the sengoku basara then the main charecter fights just like mitsunari. the games good and  the leveling system makes it that much better. Finally for people who dont like fanservice in games dont play it unless you enjoy seing panties every time you jump or do a kick"
,Recommended,263620,15831873,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,ΚΙΣΙΤΟ,"Hey, pssst, come here!Do you like school girl with katana swinging around killing mobs around her?Then, search no more because this game has it all..."
,Recommended,263620,15832388,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Hencz ❄,Awesome!
,Recommended,263620,15834524,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,9s | Millionz | The | Camerata,"All i have to say, the main character is bad 8/10"
,Recommended,263620,15838943,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Lithium Bomb,"Whenever I come home after a stressful day of work, I play this game and pretend I'm slashing multiple waves of my boss.10/10"
76561198012123946,Recommended,263620,15844882,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Wicked Scotty,Did you like the scene in Kill Bill where Beatrice Kiddo fights the Crazy 88?  This game feels like that sort of except you are the cute Japanese girl rather than Uma Thurman.
,Recommended,263620,15847386,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,RumiaCurry [☯ThHale2☯],"This game is great! No, I mean like seriously. For those who like DMC series, or just your typical ""hack and slash"" genres, from the numerous titles under KOEI, I think this game is just for you. Overall, this game is rather fast paced and its brilliantly made, for an indie game. Except, this game is more of a ""wave clearing"" ""arena mode"" styled game. Best part, you can upgrade and save, as and when you like. ^_^"
76561198083742737,Recommended,263620,15859087,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,AlexTheHylianGamer,"Hack and Slash, Hack and Slash... It's basically all you do in this game, I could say it's just a mindless hack and slash but it's a good one at that, the rush you get when you're cornered, about to get attacked by a bunch of robots while you're charging your attacks. The game is not bad but sometimes while playing I just felt like playing MGR."
76561198082178359,Recommended,263620,15860002,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Lollo Focaccia,"A ""lovely"" and fast hack n slash. If you want a real challenge, this is the game for you.Btw... P..Pantsu..... Ah..."
,Recommended,263620,15862485,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,BasketCasey,Everything you need to know.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZHauP6QI0M
76561198048686741,Recommended,263620,15869408,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Ai!!!,"So far so good. I like it.""NOT RECOMMENDED FOR PEOPLE WHO WANTS OPEN WORLD OR PUZZLES"""
,Recommended,263620,15926132,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Dante,Nice
76561198076813871,Recommended,263620,15931147,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,TheLunaticTwitch,Hack-and-slash games are my favorite so this game I would rate as one of my top games.
,Recommended,263620,16039709,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Harry,Panstu may cry :))
,Recommended,263620,16069935,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,The Great Sage,School Girl vs Men in Black and Robots and some Green thing.
,Recommended,263620,16087245,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,LordPunchington,"Fun action game, get it while its on sale though. Also theres an unlockable kick attack that you gotta avoid since it breaks most combos."
,Recommended,263620,16198872,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,SUPER ASIA,"Saw some pantsu 6/10 would play again.The game isn't difficult by any means, just frustrating on higher difficulties because of how the AI is programmed.From all the skills in the game you can buy only a handfull are usefull because they do the most damage and cause knockdowns to give you some breathing room. Sailor outfit best outfit, worth spending 100.000 souls or whatever its called.Nonetheless, buy for pantsu, sum simple hack and slashan and when it's daily."
,Recommended,263620,16236941,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Caio.,"Well I was surprised when I found out this game was made by a very small japanese indie studio. Kudos to those guys who did a good job with this game. Even though the story is somewhat lacking, it is a fun and challenging game, which is some sort of arena hack and slash where you should defeat waves of enemies coming at you (and then earn points, get some badass moves and go back to more slashing fun). The visuals are good where it matters: the hot girl that is the protagonist (and her evil friend too). The rest is not ugly, but the graphics are way less detailed than for example, the arena mode in Devil May Cry 4. So, to sum it up:Lots of hack and slashGood visualsWorks fine on entry level gaming PCsThe only bad thing is that the game is very short"
,Recommended,263620,16287373,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Höt Pants,"If you do a flip you see this girls panties, also there are some uh.. swords or whatever.Pantsu/10"
,Recommended,263620,16339163,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Robot Keiji,"MKH is a must play game if you're into arcade style no-nonsense action. The game doesn't waste time with an in depth story or long drawn out stages. Instead it's just you in an arena with waves of enemies until you fight the boss. To some this could be a negative but I think it's great to get right into the action without any ""filler"".The controls are tight, the gameplay is addictive, and it looks pretty sharp. My only complaint is that the music can get kinda dull. Luckily you can turn off the music and crank your own badass tunes so it's not an issue.The game itself is on the short side but it's awesome if you're the type that likes to completely master a combat system and see just what you can pull off in higher level play. I can see the potential for LOTS of replayibility, especially since you can keep starting new games on the same profile and keep your upgraded moves and stats."
,Recommended,263620,16394191,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Razlomak,"Bought it on sale and have no regrets , a nice hack and slash."
,Recommended,263620,16403731,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Drunkiest Tail,An accurate depiction of an average day in a japanese schoolgirl's life.
76561198126722788,Recommended,263620,16459112,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Guaxcord,Hack n' Slash pantsu edition fun game and cool action the camera can get a bit ehh and make one dizzy but it's not that bad
76561198070890431,Recommended,263620,16463993,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,BENTO!,"I like this game,but the problem is how to make camera follow my character like 3rd person?I hope this game can follow camera 3rd person automatically,not manual.And the last problem is how to perform counter and florish,I really confuse,over all this game is good"
,Recommended,263620,17260993,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,KDZen,"Sometimes its funSometimes its boring and repetitiveSometimes you want to smash your head through your monitor because of a boss designThe story is bad and incomplete and game mechanics can be abusedBut most importantly it can be funNot worth $10 though, pick it up on sale, its on of those, ""play while listening to a podcast"" games"
,Recommended,263620,17280337,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Recommended,263620,17364901,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,AomiN,"Awesome indie game. Quite short but a lot of fun. Nice graphics, music, voiced dialogues, upgrading character abilities.Battle fast and there is wide variety of attacks"
,Recommended,263620,17373148,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,MMR Donator,"Do you like the CUHRAYZEEness of Devil May Cry? Do you like miniskirts, panties and hot chicks? Then buy this game."
,Recommended,263620,17784734,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,K.,"Quite fun. I don't know if the price is right, but it's definitely worth to get when discounted. System is simple and fast. Graphics look nice and it can be super challenging when playing it in hard mode! (the only mode I play anyways)."
76561198026282580,Recommended,263620,17882520,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,ThatOnePhilGuy,Do you like third person action games? Like cheap games? Like school girls? Anime? If yes to any of these then this game should already be in your library.https://youtu.be/16ABKTtHlCk
,Recommended,263620,17893734,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Neutral Creep,"I find this game very addictive. I'd rather play RPG than Hack and Slash before but now, i am looking forward to play another Hack and Slash. Even though it doesn't have the multiplayer mode, but it doesn't matter for me. Well, i actually don't play online often so it's fine by me. Besides my enjoyment, i encountered some problems, enemies won't show their body. And Misa in my device is bald? Just WTF. I don't blame the creator, it's my device that sucks lol. On rate 0-10 i'll rate 8.9 for this. Simple and entertaining. That's what i want.Oh and btw, i don't regret wasting my money to a game such this. It's worth it."
76561198128638612,Recommended,263620,17952368,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Veda0987,"I knew nothing of this game until I saw it a couple months ago on the front page.  At first I didn't know what was going on but once you get the hang of the mechanics fun and do some upgrading it gets a bit enjoyable.  The best way to describe it is like a very, very watered down version of Ninja Gaiden 3 (xbox/ps3), kind of like a very early, early  prototype of that game.  DO NOT BUY AT FULL PRICE, it is not worth more than 2 or 3 dollars at most, as you will play it for a couple of hours, beat it and probably delete it off your computer or forget it's in your library.If you want to know what it consists of:You are placed in an arena-like area where you fight enemies in an enclosed space.  You defeat a certain number of ""waves"" of enemies then boss fight -> cut scene -> repeat.  I'm having fun playing it but this game is really very limited in its execution and after a few upgrades you will plow through everything.  I recommend it only when it's on sale - if not you won't miss much.  It does have a silly charm to it - when playing it, I felt that with some more development, play testing, balance and variety, it could have been a more highly recommended game."
,Recommended,263620,17966140,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Ghost in the Shell,Japanese School Girl weilding a samurai sword.erection/10
,Recommended,263620,17984162,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,pietrawesome,pantsu samurai girl rules!!!
,Recommended,263620,18555644,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Hnk 風林火山,"Excelent animation combos, Katana, kawaii protagonist !!!  You can earn gold to upgrade techniques, perfect."
,Recommended,263620,15613761,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rad Bromance,"If you like involved combo systems, tough but fair bosses, and slicing stuff up at high speeds, this game is definitely for you.It's got great hack n slash action with a pretty deep combat system that does a good job letting you ramp you ramp your skill up over time. It's obviously made on a budget - the levels and graphics are pretty simple overall, and the game is quite short - but it's equally obvious that it was made with a lot of heart.Hack n slash games aren't the most represented genre in games - only Devil May Cry and Ninja Gaiden are really worth mentioning in the mainstream space - so I'm super happy there's an indie entry that feels so true to the spirit of the genre."
76561197969705328,Recommended,263620,15845573,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,最冷,Friendship is a lie we tell ourselves so often we sometimes believe it. The truth is a lemon meringue.
,Recommended,263620,15924198,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,2 3 27 15 52 45,"to be honest, i expect this game has more adventure than arena battle.but still awsome8.5/10"
,Recommended,263620,16149101,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Dboidraws,it's pretty good
,Recommended,263620,16446831,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Zero Lambda,"Very shallow in terms of mechanics and linearity, and the story is simple anime hero versus villain butit is a hell of a lot of fun.Sweaty-palms-on-the-controller 360 degree hack and slash type action to be found here. Bonus points for controller support. Honestly, I would recommend that it be played with one as a keyboard in this type of game is generally awkward.Simple cutscenes and decent Japanese voice overs are pluses, as well as trading cards and achievement support. Can't go wrong during the sale right now where it's only 2.49$ out of your wallet. Quick, cheap, fun."
76561198228941028,Recommended,263620,16680531,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,casual_gamer_guy,"This game has very basic plot, is rather short, but IMHO is very fun. The move upgrade options make fights more visually interesting over time.  But more importantly, I feel that the game mechanics caters to a variety of playing style. For example, to deal with incoming enemy attacks, there are some options:1. Use ""normal"" block and dodging/dashing. Requires player to move a lot.2. Use ""Just Guard"" block (which can block anything including boss attacks, but requires more precise timing)3. Use ""Flourish"" counterattack (which requires even more precise timing but nullifies incoming attack while dealing damage to the attacker at the same time).As a result, players can opt to run around and attempt strikes here and there whenever opportunity arises (i.e. more button mashing), or alternatively keep their character relatively static and use well-timed blocks/counters to defeat opponents.The game will be better with more polish in the art/writing/sound department. More level variety will be nice too. Then again, AFAIK this is an indie game made by a small team with limited budget, therefore, I feel that the current shortcomings are understandable. Hopefully the dev team will be able to get more resources for their future projects :)"
,Recommended,263620,17118390,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Sm Izumi,"I love this game, it's well made, th eonly thing i miss is cosmetic value or characters ( not possible to mod quite well too )   :'("
,Recommended,263620,17886594,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,ベジータ Vegeta,"One of hardest games I've already played in all of my life!!The INFERNO mode is literally INFERNAL!!!Pros:+ Good graphics.+ Good sound effects and soundtrack.+ It's too small in your hard disk: only 249MB.+ Interesting skills.+ Defiant.+ Good variation of enemy characters.+ And the game trains your perception, reasoning and agility.Negatives:- The history is too short.- Sometimes the difficulty can frustrate the game experience."
,Recommended,263620,15425803,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,John Smith,Felt like Devil May Cry playstyle. Not bad for it's price.
,Recommended,263620,9413942,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,SolNeko,"What did you just say about this kusoge, you little baka? I’ll have you know Im a huge weeb and I dropped out of every form of education, and I’ve been involved in no social events whatsoever, and I have no facebook nor do I use any other kind of social media. I am trained in suppressing my emotions and I’m the black sheep of the entire family. You are nothing to me but just another dominant presence. I will dodge the kuso out of your way with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, kanbenshite kudasai. You think you can get away with giving me that ""gochagocha"" over the Internet? You're right. As we speak I am practicing my breathing techniques to reduce the anxiety that dwells up within me every time I am confronted in any form whatsoever. The fear takes a hold of me and shakes every body part that I own. You’re intimidating, koitsu. You could be anywhere, anytime, and you can probably kill me with your bare hands, I also bet you're always surrounded with aho tomodachi. Not only do I fear going out of my house this week, I will also be extra nice to the people I know so as to give myself a false sense of safety, as it will delude me further into believing they will come to my aid in times of need. If only I could have known what problems my little comment has brought upon me, maybe I should have held my gaijin tongue. But I couldn’t, I didn’t, and now I'm paying the price, I'm a god damn weeaboo. You will probably unko fury all over me if you find me, and you will. I need to ♥♥♥♥ing move desu."
,Not Recommended,263620,23883285,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nardio,"No this isn't worth $2.49.I wanted to love this game. I really wanted to at least like this game. But♥♥♥♥♥♥poor control response along with cheap enemies and a camera that is way to close kneecap the experience. Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae has enemies that can still move as they pull off gigantic attacks until the very last frames at times. This makes dodging mostly luck. Think about this, some attacks can take over %70 of your health as with the bosses yet instead of standing still as they unleash these attacks they just oddly rotate to follow you at times. It's broken. Common mobs do the same thing at times. It's maddening.  Next we have the totally broken blocking system that makes blocking another luck mechanic. Holding block before the attack reaches you does'nt block most attacks. You need to time it to the attack... But that doesnt work most of the time either!The gameplay gets really boring fast as you find yourself spamming the same attacks that push enemies back when you are fighting packs. Because the camera is so close to you that you can't really do anything else. There are a lot of moves in the game, but they are basically useless as you find yourself again spamming what works, because the camera again doesn't let you pull off the other attacks well. So most of the jump moves are useless during most of the game.The graphics are nice, but the enemies are reused way way way too much. Later on more and more color swapped enemies show up and just crowd around you and unless cheap attacks from off screen that cheap shot you. You also have to later deal with more enemies with attacks that just cannot be blocked. So its dodge the trash mobs, push attack one in a corner till he bleeds and move on the next and spam your heal attack.It gets really repetitive. I know the game is cheap, but it's like a broken early beta build. Boss fights are super duper cheap and frustrating. Most of the battles came down to sheer luck in my opinion. Will my blocks work this time? Will he keep spinning towards me as he unleashes his super attack? Will my dodges work?There is no sense of accomplishment with Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae because the game is so broken you are just glad to be done with the level. Grinding doesnt get you as far as you hope it will because your health gets capped very quickly. Again most of the moves you can buy and upgrade are useless in battle. Sadly you can't raise your attack strength at all so it comes down to a bit of skill and a lot of luck.I hate to say this but don't bother with this game until the developer patches the hell out of this."
,Recommended,263620,18479325,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Always丶,10/10 Best Pantsu May Cry ever.-Flashy Combo-Pantsu *OFC*-Oppai's jiggle too.-Goodgame.
76561198009089407,Recommended,263620,14159004,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,SAROMON,"After I broke my gamepad on the second encounter of the ♥♥♥♥♥ you are fighting against- Suzuka or whatever is the name after countless atempts- I gladly uninstalled the game. The game is with good and amazing combat system, but few of the bossess will give you hard time.If you like to die a lot- play the game.If you like japanese girls in games- play the game.If you like japanese- play the game.P.S. I am glad I did not played the game with my keyboard. :DP.S.S. I would install and then uninstall the game just for fun. :)"
,Recommended,263620,16611822,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Redrusty66,"Love this game, so much fun, simple no nonsense swordplay. Slight storyline to lead from one level and wave to the next, excellent achievements, great skill set. So wish they would make a sequel and wish there were more simple formula yet super complex skillset games like this. Great graphics, runs great, haven't encountered 1 bug or glitch. Just a really A+ fighting game, my hats off to the Devs...this is pure Kill Bill and fun as hell. (Prepare for hand and finger aches..lol)."
,Not Recommended,263620,10534096,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Solkia,"Extremely shallow gameplay.Starting off you have 2 combos, Melee and Sword, plus these charge attacks, which charge attacks + fast pace brawler = noThe enemies range from annoying to boring, and the stupid killswitch mechanic that you can spam makes fighting these mooks really really lame.If you want a cheap brawler wait for this to go on sale, because it's not worth $10."
,Not Recommended,263620,12215036,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,doomleika,"Pantsu, and nothing else. Just what you would expect from a doujin by Japan.The gameplay is dull, the enemy is boring, it tries to pull many beat-em-all action classic like DMC, Onimusha but the poor exection make the game became chore.The game does tries to like put some innovative design like like kick/fist with sword attack, idealy sound but in reality boring, the 'finishing move' is a nice touch, but again, brilliant idea are screwed by poor execution.But hey, at least you get pantsu, that's all that matters."
,Not Recommended,263620,10547078,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Sheep!,"This game is dull.  You stand in a circle and mow down an endless stream of repetitive mooks.  Then a big tank of a boss shows up, who is difficult not because his attacks are unpredictable or hard to avoid, but because he takes about a thousand hits to kill.Then you stand in a different-looking circle, and do it all over again.Keyboard control is unpleasant; use a controller.  The camera is not your friend.  A few available upgrades are not particularly exciting.What strategy there is revolves around keeping your sword meter full, because your stronger attacks consume it.  It's possible to refill the sword meter by isolating an enemy and beating on him with your weak attacks that refill the meter, but quicker to just put some distance between you and your enemies (Dash and Evade moves make this easy,) use a special move that refills your sword meter, then run right back into the fray.  That's the game.This game feels like an early demo of a better game: something thrown together just to show off the combat engine, while the developers are still working on the enemies and stages.  Too bad it was deemed done as-is."
76561198074301212,Not Recommended,263620,23364631,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,2D-Kun,game is 100% garbage camera sucks controls are awful the entire game is the first stage
,Recommended,263620,9416704,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,DaggerfallNerd,"This game is in the same Genre as Onechanbara, but with less adult content in it.I had gotten to the first boss before i died the first time.This game is alot more difficult on normal than onechanbara berzerk difficulty (wii and xbox 360)the game uses a bit of sexual appeal by using attractive characters, but doesnt really do anything lewd with them.The Camera occasionally is an issue, but its not often and its seemingly a small oversight issue, i feel if they fixed it, it might become worse, ie camera automoves and you run where you DONT want to.)The character is upgrade system is VERY useful on higher difficulties, as it makes up for some of ur lack of skill.The battles can feel repetative after a few waves, when you fight waves of enemies in a brawler/hack and slash game that tends to happen within the genre. They do however, like most in the hack and slash genre; throw in new enemies and new attack patterns to liven things up occasionally.AI on normal seems a bit cautious, so it gives you a challenge if you keep pushing the same button over and over again, or aggressively attack everything in sight (or play the defense too)the game plays well on a controller (id advise this STRONGLY)the controlls are fluid, no screen tearing, the graphics look GREAT for an indie game.id reccomend it if you like hack and slash games like onechanbara, Onimusha, god of war, bayonetta, darksiders, lolipop chainsaw, devil may cry, ninja gaiden or xblades.start on easy so you can keep the bonuses/upgrades on normal, this game is kinda hard.id personally give it a 78/100 if this was metacritic.and for its price, thats not a bad deal :)"
,Not Recommended,263620,18919342,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,buns ghost👻,get devil may cry instead
76561198078484019,Recommended,263620,9414078,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,MAXIMUM LoSeR,Hot anime girl with fast fun action what more can I ask for? Great game!
,Recommended,263620,9415065,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Satheleron,"Very fun and challenging. Plays like Devil May Cry without ranged attacks. I do wish it had options for widescreen resolutions and more video options, but it does include an fps counter."
76561198073088368,Recommended,263620,9415641,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,The Silent One,This game is so awesome....it brings a tear to my eye on the awesomeness
76561197994925383,Recommended,263620,9416526,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Gerald,This needs a mouse control camera at least. Other games play better with this.
,Not Recommended,263620,10586957,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,caseif,"Words cannot describe how bad this game is. I should not be able to kill three enemies in a row with my eyes closed, especially when said enemies take a minute and a half each to kill. The combat is less intuitive than that of the Arkham series. I genuinely don't know why I bothered buying this. I think it was the wallet talking. My friends and I were jokingly discussing this game, and I was like, screw it, I'll buy it! It was not worth it.I can, however, confirm, that there is an abundance of panstu."
,Recommended,263620,21184362,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ｌｉｌｙｐａｄｓ,"While fighting mobs, if you click ''J'' and then ''I'' and keep pressing like that repeatedly, it sounds like she is saying ''PAN-TSU! PAN-TSU! PAN-TSU!''panties/10"
,Not Recommended,263620,19913011,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Vesperia,"You just spam x y x y x y and the sound quality hurts my ears tremendously, the animation was poorly done and it is overly repetitive. I know it is cheap, but for a game rated very positive I was hopeful it'd be good. I was wrong."
,Recommended,263620,12682632,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,irazo,"well, should i say some panty-shots??! :p"
,Recommended,263620,9797762,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Grayflox,this game is actually pretty good
,Recommended,263620,10920680,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Schwäg,literally the best game ever made
,Recommended,263620,17499698,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Solenya,Panties
76561197960464091,Recommended,263620,17763770,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,RavenWolf,If you are looking for an engrossing story look else where.  This is a very basic hack and slash game.  There is no real levels just the same area with waves of enemies but as far as mindless killing it is very fun the combos are easy and you can add some variety with ease.  It is also nice to see a left handed hero.
76561198080138818,Recommended,263620,17832393,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,MurderousJohnny,I'm A huge fan of ninja gaiden like action games...Like I've been at the top of the leader boards in the ninja gaiden black(xbox) and sigma 2(ps3). That being said I love hack and slash games with a decent combat system. If you are the type of fan who is super into games like Bayonetta or Ninja giaden specifically for the combat then you might like this game. It has a simple time based/reflex based combat system where you simply combo enemies repeatdily and time your parries and counter attacks as you see them coming. The game rewards you for not getting hit by giving you charges for your holy attacks and red orbs when you kill enemies. All that being said I only recommend this game to pure action hack and slash enthusiast since this game is just basically you in a arena killing enemies in numerous waves until you get to the boss. There is no platforming or puzzles or any other basic extra type of game play you'd expect in a standard hack and slash game...just combat in a room/area. So far I've beaten 3 bosses. I've enjoyed the game for what it is and personally I think  Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is better than DmC or ninja gaiden 3 despite it being a barebones and simple action game.
,Recommended,263620,17452574,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Braden,If your a fan of Bayonetta and Devil may cry style combat you will love this game.  It is a fast paced and engaging game with lots of replay value.
,Recommended,263620,17641434,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Áile,"Japanese schoolgirls, samurai swords, Power Rangers, and of course panties. That should be enough to convince you to buy this game."
76561198024405388,Recommended,263620,17731782,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Mama,"If you like hack n slash games with anime girls this is potentially the title for you.Pros:-I found buying new moves with XP to create my own fighting stlye very enjoyable-The controls (xbox pad) were responsive, which is great because I've often seen games advertise full controller support only to have lackluster control schemes and no remapping options or any of a host of problemsCons:-I don't remember the story, something about girls and swords. Well what do you expect from a hack n slash about anime girls?-Extremely short campaign. I've beaten the whole thing multiple times on the hardest difficulty and I still only have 2 hours logged. My first play was about 45 minutes in length-A bit too easy. Even on the hardest difficulty few if any of the enemies pose a serious threat to a skilled player-Very small ""arenas"" for each stage rather than a full level. In each of these arenas designed to look like some location or another you see small snippets of the story in a cutscene, fight a few waves of enemies and then fight a boss. Very simple; but not necessarily a bad thing.In summation: get it if you enjoy hacking and slashing, but wait until its on super sale, like 50-75% off would be fine."
,Recommended,263620,22748001,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Mirk~96猫,"Funny and cheap, good for a fight"
76561198133883716,Recommended,263620,22743623,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Kookie,It's not that bad of a game
,Recommended,263620,18479357,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,SHInne278,I saw a pantsu  10/10 would get grounded again
,Recommended,263620,18488135,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,SatsukiSparrow,"I recommend getting this game on sale (like 5$ or less), It's repetitive but its a good game and it runs well on my PC. It's one of those Time Killing games if you're bored."
76561198028615298,Not Recommended,263620,19102093,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Honya,"Horrible, horrible game.Normal fights are ok, I like games where there isn't much of a story, or depths, just pure fun.This game is not. Basically no story, no depth, only waves of enemies. And this game can ♥♥♥♥ up the only party it is meant to be good at.The bossfights are just horrible. Undodgeable attacks, 360-noscope, millions of hp, but it can takes half of your hp away with one combo( which you can't dodge if you missed the first attack ).This game is meant to give fun, but it's not fun at all. Don't get me wrong, I'm not usually bad at games, completed all the souls series, but this is just wrong. I know, there are strategies which you can kill the bosses, but if there is only 1 way to kill the boss( which is, run around, evade, evade, evade and million evade, then strike once, which takes the 0.0001% of it's hp ), then it's a bad game.I really wanted to this game to be good, but unfortunately it isn't."
,Not Recommended,263620,20196720,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,I can't preTEND ANYmore,I kept on kicking but it just wouldnt stop
76561198146572401,Recommended,263620,17480702,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Krisstmas,Such a fun game! I recommend you picking this game up if you like the Hack and Slash genre and anime or simply just want a fun game to play.
,Recommended,263620,17491124,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,melahuac,"if you like games like DMC,Bayonetta,Onechanbara you'll like this one, this one feels more like a fighter in the fighting sequenes except its third person perspective"
,Recommended,263620,22998648,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,KaLz Meister,Good
76561198037323732,Recommended,263620,24314287,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,DarthMike,"The tutorial is terrible, the enemies are extremly repetetive, but the game is fun.I still don't know how to make all oves form the trailer, though I have cleared hard difficultyProbaby not worth 10 €, but for 2, 50€ it's a good deal."
,Recommended,263620,16657422,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,AeonUniverse ︻芫芫══,pretty good game <3
,Recommended,263620,24081064,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,erik_iso,not bad..characters looks beautiful..control are hard to use
,Recommended,263620,25970795,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Dee,Cleared the entire game by doing cartwheels 10/10
76561198025674397,Recommended,263620,10653567,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Spooky Butts,"When they say high speed action, they aren't kidding, if you don't have good reflexes, I wouldn't bother with this game. It's DMC meets Ninja Gaiden in a beat-'em-up wave-by-wave combat. Require a lot of finesse to keep your katana gauge up while still pulling off combos and dodging attacks at the same time. I would highly reccommend buying all your upgrades ASAP so you can flow through combat a bit easier. Story's a bit lacking though. Other then that, fantastic. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,263620,10750630,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,byyzeroh,"Well where to start, this game has it all:Fast paced fightingEnglish subs with  Japanese voices :3Insane Combos and movesAnd the most important- boobies and PantsuAND only like 200mb download and very cheap. 1000000/10"
,Recommended,263620,10900510,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Maj. NutzG | ＪＡＰＡＲＩ　ＲＡＮＧＥＲＳ,Buy it for the pantsu. ;)
76561198129866200,Recommended,263620,10992914,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TioPedrão,The game is fun and challenging but it's too short.
,Recommended,263620,11682292,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Volkanfury,"Very decent for a cheap game, would waifu out of 10"
,Recommended,263620,12961708,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Snakeboy229,Surprisingly fun. It's pretty short but is supposed to be played through multiple times so it isn't a big problem.
,Recommended,263620,13232977,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,7_../-\..\/\/\/..|=..!..$..|-|,gib more plox
,Recommended,263620,13355919,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,OK,nice
76561198052562356,Recommended,263620,13819292,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Habi,Fun little arena hack n slash. Worth getting when on sale.
,Recommended,263620,13950309,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Jhonny 2 Liver,"Pretty solid hack 'n' slashIt has a good number of combos and cancels. The upgrade system is well done and by the second play though you should have everything. Nice number alternate costumes. The game is rather short though but without ugrades can be difficult. Maxed stats make the game too easy however, even on the hardest difficulty.The story is rather chill with a very simple concept and cool characters but practiaclly non-existant.8/10 -> would like the game to be expanded or recieve a sequel"
76561198088811940,Recommended,263620,13968996,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,SΛΧSΟΛ,I like this!
76561198043843582,Recommended,263620,10786861,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,MZbS,"It's about an anime high-school warrior maiden with a sword,A high speed hacking and slashing game,Very repetitive,Pantsu.Would kawaii again. 10/10"
,Recommended,263620,13992681,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,파체리(아사나기),This game makes me crazy because it's really hard so i can't clear this game.and story is too boredbut character is so sexy and kawaii so this game is :difficulty  : 0/25s t o r y    : 0/25character : 25/25sound and moesugiru uniform : 75/25100/100
,Recommended,263620,14075821,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,[DDST] Rasp,Short Skirts and Katanas!
,Recommended,263620,9565519,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Bobmerman,"Average gameplay, but kawaii as ♥♥♥♥ 10/10"
,Recommended,263620,10870838,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,A/\\,10/10 would fap again.
,Recommended,263620,11050970,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Breeze,"What can I say? For it's price, this game is quite good. Especially if you picked it up during the Summer Sale, as I did.The graphics are rather good, especially since the game is 300Mb in size or so. Unfortunately, there isn't much of a variety when it comes to enemy and level designs. Basically the levels are sealed arenas like the Bloody Palace mode in Devil May Cry games.The soundtrack is ok, but it has only 3 songs and they get quite repetitive. After two hours I just switched the music off and went to my Metal Gear Risng and Devil May Cry soundtrack folders.Gameplay and controls... controls are quite responsive and fast, you won't feel some sloppy reactions to your inputs. The gameplay is rather repetitve. No, you have different moves and techniques like blocking at the last moment to block a very powerful attack (similar to Royal Guard style from DMC3), different cancels, launcher attacks, dodges, but after finding a combo that is most effective for your playing style it all becomes quite repetitve.All in all... it feels incomplete, like a tech demo. It's fun, don't get me wrong, but I would love to see these gameplay mechanics to be expanded in a more ""complete"" character action game.Oh, and it can get quite difficult at times, especially on the final boss. Also, don't start at Hard mode, it exists as a NG+ type of mode, when you really need your upgraded skills."
,Recommended,263620,11688610,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Ming.A,Full of Pantsu!
,Recommended,263620,14731639,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,CrEaTiOnZ2790,"This game is an addicting hack n slash game I love it I'm currently on the Last Level on hard mode, achievements are pretty easy to get nice upgrade system and its just a game to by some time with if you get bored, I highly recommend this game to anyone"
76561198094917381,Recommended,263620,16406229,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mr Daylight,The game is short and sexy just like the protagonist's skirt. Great fun if you like hack-n-slash.Just put on some of your own tunes... the soundtrack is weak.
76561197989053541,Recommended,263620,17064841,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,cheffdonty,Yeah it's aight. Bosses are fun on the higher difficulties but the normal enemy waves can be lack luster.
,Recommended,263620,10689241,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ch00k,✓ Small game = 250MB✓ Upgrade system✓ No nudity✓ Pantsu shots✓ Better with a controllerScore: 8/10
,Recommended,263620,11129783,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,gavweb123,brilliant game the control are easy even the default setting on the keyboard are easy to master even after you upgrade your skills what i liked about the game was they kept the diolauge short so those who dont too much diolauge should check this one out 10/10
76561198389371687,Recommended,263620,32049282,Posted: 29 May,all,Clintbeastwood,Simple Hack and slash 10/10Dont bother with the tutorial its like being taught by a blind death guy who is also dead.
76561198200776297,Recommended,263620,22969483,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,SZ3713265,略单一 成就略难刷 个人感觉不会连招关注了好久， 动漫周末打折买了 算是幸运如果觉得无聊可以拿这个来消磨时间
,Recommended,263620,13053127,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,CKD,Probably the best graphics I've ever seen given the small download size.  Fun arena brawler that's a little rough around the edges but mostly just tons of fun once you get the hang of it!
,Recommended,263620,10673438,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Konoko,"It's subpar! I'm not gonna lie.I myself have a lot of problems with a lot of games. This isn't a game I really can hate. It's just good brawling fun. The control scheme for keyboards is terrible, though, I'll admit. You use arrow keys, or WASD, and like, J, K, L, I, O, right shift, enter for the menu, left shift for something, spacebar for this sword thing, uh. Yeah, just use your DualShock 3 or whatever, if you're gonna buy it.That said, while the controls are quite unwieldy for the keyboard warrior, it's not unplayable. It just feels awkward, is all, could have been better.The camera is controlled via Q, E and C, which centers the camera behind you.The controls are just so... strange, well, I can't help but mention them, and have them take up, like, this entire review. Oh well.The graphics -are- quite lovely. At least, when it comes to your female schoolgirl katana-wielding character, who is, funnily enough, not just some moe, airheaded stereotype. When it comes to the graphics for everything else, well! Don't expect that much. Enemies are passable, environments, passable, etc. The textures aren't terrible, or pixelated, just bland and honestly not much to look at.I mean, honestly, this is just a fun little distraction that you'll have fun with for as many hours as it takes to beat, then you'll likely never touch it again. Does that sound fair, for $10? I'm not sure. Personally, I'd just wait for it to get on sale, then pick it up.So, it's not a terrible game, by any means. I don't want to say it's good, but, yeah, it is good. I kinda like it. And for 250mb of HDD space, well, I'm impressed they fit in as much as they did.Bottom line? Pick it up on sale, and have fun with a fun game that is expressly for chilling out, and having fun. It's not a game to be taken seriously."
,Not Recommended,263620,22765486,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Warxa,"I don't know why this game is rated as very positive. It's only about spamming the same attacks over and over on the same enemies for 3 stages that are all the same small arena with different backgrounds. It's a very short game with no story, the only point of the game is to grind to unlock more attacks. Shouldn't be worth more than 2$."
,Not Recommended,263620,10554597,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Cpt. Fantabulous,Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!Huh Ha Huh!
,Not Recommended,263620,10577090,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Rummy,♥♥♥♥♥♥ you have missguided me for the last time.
,Not Recommended,263620,20680302,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,i have a msi r390 series GPU and u know what is funny about this game. they lock the frame rate at 60fps the most. i though it was my caed problem and i test just cause 3 on ultra setting i can hit around  70-90 fps on that game. why in the age would they lock the game to 60fps. i do not understand most japanese developer.
,Not Recommended,263620,32671553,Posted: 23 June,all,TheJakeL152,"The game seems fun at first until you realize your character has all of their moves except two right off the bat and it isn't very many. All the enemies are the same, and they just throw more of them at you. All the fighting occurs in the same round arena of varying colors. Generally extremely boring, nothing happens. The camera is also extremely non-cooperative and constantly auto-faces away from enemies you are trying to hit. The only redeeming quality the game has is the boss fights because of how intense they can get, but the bosses also only have 2 attacks so once you know how to dodge them it is just a matter of time.In short, game isn't terrible, just extremely boring."
,Recommended,263620,13820977,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TCG,"Do you like anime?Are you a weeaboo?Do you like hack and slash games where you mash buttons and carlessly kill ninjas with a ♥♥♥♥ing katana?Do you like panty shots up the♥♥♥♥♥Do you like hot school girls killing things with katanas?If you answered yes to any of these, BUY THIS GAME!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TL;DR at bottomOk In all seriousness, this game is actually pretty damn fun. It's a pretty much a Japanese hack and slash game. The controls with a controller are spot on, but the keyboard is ok to use.The story is pretty much that you play the role of this chick name Misa and apparently her friend Suzuka stole some demon blade or whatever and you gotta get it back. That's pretty much the entire story.I wish the tutorial was a little more easier to understand. Insead of showing what button to press for a certain attack, it just tells you you can do some kind of attack if you press the (insert Japanese attack name) button and you can do this! They could've just done like ""Press X and you can preform the (insert Japanese attack name) attack!"" or whatever.The gameplay is a hack and slash so it is somewhat repetitve. You do always have to keep an eye on your Katana and Health gauge at all times while fighting which keeps you on your toes. You have full control of Misa at all times and it feels nice playing a game that has spot on controls.It's not a very big game. You can definetly tell when they take the same fighting stage and reskin a few times and the fact that this game is under 300 MB. On the other hand, this game downloads VERY quickly and can run on just anout any PC which is nice.TL;DRMitsurugi Kamui Hikae is a simple fun hack and slash that a lot of people can enjoy, You won't spend too much time with this (because of the length of the game), but it's still very fun and it goes on sale all the timeOverall rating 8/10"
,Recommended,263620,23372234,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,trangalho,.
76561198089219484,Not Recommended,263620,21337413,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,☆SA☆Hito,"The video makes it look good, but the animations are really not worth the money, also for just COSTUMES, you need 100000 SP that u could also use to upgrade yourself"
,Recommended,263620,23353789,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Anime Psychopath,"1 hour in it....play with a controller the game is...meh difficulty i enjoyed it mostly but the boss battles oh the boss battles makes dark souls feel like call of duty but when you beat one you feel like a god but jesus ♥♥♥♥ing christ the boss battles are hard but buy it, it is fun worth £7"
,Recommended,263620,25085407,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,T O M  I S  A  D O O R,Your hands will be tired ... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡-) from button smashing ofcourse
,Recommended,263620,24125269,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Hase,"if you don't care about multiplayer, this is way better than RWBY: Grimm Eclipse which costs $20.i would recommend this game at around $5  price point"
,Recommended,263620,31598374,Posted: 7 May,all,e l t r o n X,t h e  c o o l e s t  s c h o o l g u r l  -  k a t a n a  -  c h i c k s t u f fi  h a v e  e v e r  w i t n e s s e d1 0  /  1 0
76561198243753492,Recommended,263620,17566726,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,♥Scarlet♥,100/10 Preety :D
,Recommended,263620,9411919,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,[HAN]Sendor,it is an awesome game!!for the graphic? well just less then 300MB what can you ask more from that?(and it is really nice graphic)Anyway it does not really suit me well since i am bad at this type of the game>_< love Misurugi! hope more game like this with even more famous CV
,Not Recommended,263620,9462842,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,William Shakesman,"It's hopelessly shallow, then almost interesting for a while, and then mindlessly shallow again. 90% of the moveset is locked behind upgrades which is absurd even by DMC standards and this is nowhere close to DMC standards."
,Not Recommended,263620,26486709,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Old timer,"The fighting feels quite cheap.I know this is an indie game but still,can't recommend this."
76561198002961657,Recommended,263620,9415687,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Leedizzle,"Everytime she gets hit, she sounds like she is getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198054382705,Not Recommended,263620,34525554,Posted: 27 August,all,dsastrigger,This game could have been more polished gameplay-wise:- camera should be farther from the main character; very often I take a hit from behind because I couldn't see;- it's not clear when an attack is blockable or not;- the flash sword attack can't be used after some combos...- kinda repetitive and short; could have some more upgrades / weapons
,Recommended,263620,10953742,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[HSOWA] Break Room Benny,dragonball z rip off 0/10
,Recommended,263620,22350831,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Not a scammer :),"Too embarassed to play, afraid my parents will see me"
76561198040352961,Not Recommended,263620,34096009,Posted: 7 August,all,H-Miku,"Game size is small and repetitive, same style same background same enemy except the boss. Not worth even the steam sale price."
,Not Recommended,263620,33857846,Posted: 28 July,all,Just Your Average Horse Man,Just a hack-n-slash not really worth the time honestly unless you wanna like get a chill game
,Not Recommended,263620,24633518,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Lukarikate,very bad control
,Not Recommended,263620,22717294,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,YOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooo,Just DONT
,Recommended,263620,14320787,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,RAID Noir - Mining or Idling,4 hours to complete Easy and Normal. 2 Hours on Easy which is basically the whole game already. There is literally VERY LITTLE story. I was expecting something near Dynasty to be honest.7/10 I was a bit dissapointed that there was nothing to do aside from doing combos in game. It was still fun while it lasted but for a single playthough it was not enough. The only thing that changed was really just the difficulty. Unlocks may be the only thing you want but there are only a few.Needs improvement on Story line and maybe something to like different maps or a little bit of free roaming.
76561198094098193,Recommended,263620,30827764,Posted: 29 March,all,Mizusaki Hikari,heheh so Easy
76561198108166025,Not Recommended,263620,23287338,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,TIVLO,what the ♥♥♥♥ is this♥♥♥♥♥♥i thought this had a ♥♥♥♥ing story to it but what the mother♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ clearly i was wrong waste of money dont buy unless your a weeaboo♥♥♥♥♥♥i bought for £1
,Recommended,263620,13932425,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Alanas-Senpai アラン,If youre a weeabo then you came in the right placepantsu/10
,Recommended,263620,9415126,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Backfire,Anime
,Recommended,263620,13904657,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Darth Shintogod,weaboo trash
,Not Recommended,263620,34542823,Posted: 27 August,all,Swole Uncle Grandpa,"I just smash my keyboards for the whole game until i win.Its simple like thatI know weebs will defend this game because panties and legs, but you can just like straight up go watch porn if your that horny."
,Not Recommended,263620,22749537,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Hale,"Panty shots, straight up hentai moans, very boring combat, artifical difficuilty/ridculous workarounds to defeat certain enemies at some point. I mean, at least you're getting what you pay for?If you're a mostly normal, but perverted, hentai loving neckbeard, you'd be better off playing Dead or Alive.However, if you're a broke, perverted, hentai loving neckbeard, this game is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,263620,32877461,Posted: 27 June,all,ALSTARKING,dont like how i cant use gamepad on here even tho its on here in the game and the♥♥♥♥♥♥that i cant use im mouse
,Recommended,263620,12813946,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,SHITBIRD 2000,"This is what every true man would want from a video game.. pantyshots, waifus with katanas and badass hack n slash combat mechanics.. too bad the game is very repititive and the variety of enemies is quite small. But for the small price and*whispers*pantyshots.. it's well worth it."
,Not Recommended,263620,25239844,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Cybero,You will enjoy it only for the first 10 min
,Not Recommended,263620,33085352,Posted: 1 July,all,Moronic Idiot,"after the 10 seconds of cheesy anime cutscenes were over, my brain switched off and my stomach wanted to puke."
,Recommended,263620,9412554,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Adol,"Gomenasai, my name is Ken-Sama.I’m a 27 year old American Otaku (Anime fan for you gaijins). I draw Anime and Manga on my tablet, and spend my days perfecting my art and playing superior Japanese games. (Disgaea, Final Fantasy, Persona series)I train with my Katana every day, this superior weapon can cut clean through steel because it is folded over a thousand times, and is vastly superior to any other weapon on earth. I earned my sword license two years ago, and I have been getting better every day.I speak Japanese fluently, both Kanji and the Osaka dialect, and I write fluently as well. I know everything about Japanese history and their bushido code, which I follow 100%When I get my Japanese visa, I am moving to Tokyo to attend a prestigious High School to learn more about their magnificent culture. I hope I can become an animator for Studio Ghibli or a game designer!I own several kimonos, which I wear around town. I want to get used to wearing them before I move to Japan, so I can fit in easier. I bow to my elders and seniors and speak Japanese as often as I can, but rarely does anyone manage to respond.Wish me luck in Japan!"
,Recommended,263620,10545290,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Challah Bread,"It's DmC with pantsu shots. Not really much else to say about the gameplay other than that. It's way too short for its retail price but it's fun and has some replay value so, if it's on sale, you should try it out."
76561197976612278,Recommended,263620,10548784,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,From.Unimpressive,"Dynasty Warriors combat with a Kill Bill esque theme and all in a arena and not a big map. For as small as this game is the combo system is very deep. Watch out though, this game is best played with a controller instead of a keyboard(no mouse support)."
,Recommended,263620,10549291,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ɮʊʀӄɦǟʀɖȶ,This game is short but alot of fun! I beat it in around an hour and a half but i did not get bored at all! the game has just the right amount of options to build up your character to become the most powerfull highschool girl ever!!!
,Recommended,263620,10549716,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Joystick Humor,So hard I hurt my wrist. 10/10
,Recommended,263620,10550621,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kyomon,"Game is fun, but the hitbox and dodge is kinda weird, sometimes you get hit even when you are sure to have scaped the attack, and enemies with multiple hits (like the golden giant robots) are impossible to parry, since you just parry the 1st hit and the other ones hit you.Its a good game for the price and install size =]"
,Recommended,263620,10738223,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Alex,"Character designs are a little fanservice-heavy, but the game itself is a remarkably solid indie brawler that feels really nice to play. It's a little short at 2-3 hours but there's a reasonable amount of replayability along with a fairly comprehensive upgrade system to unlock new skills as you gain experience. Definitely worth a look, especially at the current low price."
,Recommended,263620,10739073,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DubReno,"Devil May Pantsu: Revengeance Boogaloo, 3/10 it was amazing"
,Recommended,263620,10742686,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Several distressed chickens,"Although promising at first from its trailer, you realize halfway through playing it that what was in that trailer was an accurate representation of what the game was. In fact it was so good at representing what it was because the trailer litterally showed all of the things that were in the game. You'll be doing nothing but mashing sword slash until you need to mash punches and kicks. then more slashes with a little anime aesthetic to them.Overall it hit pretty hard to realize I was playing something that was getting super repetitive very quickly.I reccomend that you don't pick this game up. Unless you really like hack and slash and don't care about the repeated presses of the sword button you'll be doing."
,Recommended,263620,10744864,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kayos,Panty shots. 99/10No but seriusly been a fun game. Not much to story its just hack and slashing waves of enemies with awesome moves and combos. Def worth its price.
,Recommended,263620,10963743,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,darkarthan~™,"roughly translated, it means Devil May Kawaii."
,Recommended,263620,10963776,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kure,Very yes.
,Recommended,263620,10971240,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Arrakh,8/10awesome gameplay!! but short storyline ._.
,Recommended,263620,10978213,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,The WingedAziel,Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is pretty good. Not really worth it's full price but if its on sale it's an alright buy.
,Recommended,263620,10981414,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Zoa84,"If you enjoy fast-paced action games, especially like Devil May Cry, you're bound to like this. Even more so if you enjoy Japanese games."
,Recommended,263620,11937838,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,PinkPony,"A fun, anime-styled spectacle-brawler, which plays in much the same way as Devil May Cry's Bloody Palace mode. The story is sparse and there only a few enemy variations, but the graphics are stunning, the gameplay is addictive, and you can keep on trying from any wave while retaining all your upgrade-points, meaning that success is just a matter of time (and skill).Again, this is very fun, showy, and ideal for anyone who loves their anime swordplay. Make no mistake, this in an arena brawler with an upgrade system, that's it, but that's  all it needs to be. Even at full-price, I'd recommend this."
,Recommended,263620,19191708,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Illwait720Hours2,"It's great, but not only because I can see her panties."
,Recommended,263620,19186875,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,itslino,Love it!Hard but when you level your skills properly and you win you feel like a sigh of relief only to get destroyed on the next boss lol. The replayability isn't that special but I got this on sale for like 4 bucks.
76561198009548348,Recommended,263620,15043277,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Reeman |7. |7.,"At first I was totally annoyed and disappointed after the first 10 minutes.I thought ""wtf? always the same, battling weaklings in the same stage with no point or no difficulty?"". In fact there are a lot of different stages, videos, enemies - but at first look it seemed to be a pointless tournament like game.Then after buying a few upgrades (new attacks) and noticing that you can chain them together, the game became fun as hell.All in all: A really awesome game which gave me probably the worst impression in the first 10 to 20 min and almost made me stop playing (would have been such a waste, glad I didn't).Important game-info note: The holy attacks (there are 2) are the ones you activate when loading once / twice (therefore 2 - the first load activates attack no. 1, the second attack no.2). And they are completely different. Maxing the first, makes it possible to chain the second afterwards - just insane damage output, let's you clear the whole floor in one go!If you play it, you'll immediately know what I mean ;)"
76561197999470889,Recommended,263620,19274232,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Oziiii,"Hit, slash, upgrade powers and repeat. Good for killing time and few dosens of slacky enemies. And it is fun to do it with pretty main character"
,Recommended,263620,19045772,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,misingleters,Mitsubishi Kobayashi Ikea is a game where grown women in schoolgirl uniforms slay monsters (dressed as monsters) with their school-sponsored shiny laser swords and cry out in pained ecstasy when their combos get broken.
76561198122112373,Recommended,263620,19377479,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,DG| Preacher of Valor,"it is worth the buy, a nice game that has the feel og ninja gaiden and a decent hack and slash. the story is very simple, have to save your friend from turning to the dark side while saying demons along the way. counters is no joke, like if u do not get them right you are going to have a hard time fighting the bosses at higher difficulty. overrall it has good gameplay, minimum story, and a game that u can play while you wait for your CS:GO team to come online. plus for a japanese game the sexuality is kept at a 4/10, only panty shots and of course school girl outfits."
,Recommended,263620,19562798,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,spiko,You know why I recommend this game. nuff said.
,Recommended,263620,19668337,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Nihilism Enthusiast,Affordable and complex action game with fan service and Japanese voice acting.What else could you possibly want?This game gets ALL of the bonus otaku points.
,Recommended,263620,20166545,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,hanerbeards,"Great game in all honesty, it's short and sweet, the gameplay is solid and the models are quite appealing to look at (not to mention the panty shots :^) )...still wondering if i can play as the MC's friend, probably can't but one can dream...8/10 should play if you like fast paced hack n slash games simple as that"
76561197997524265,Recommended,263620,21749478,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,del_delly,"Pros:1. Very good animation flow, that keeps it looking good2. Short and condensed3. Good arcade action, with great bosses4. Block/Parry mechanic is solid5. Upgrade system is good. A lot of upgrades is not +Damage or Effectivty increase.6. Gamepad mapping screen is really greatCons:1. Questionable translation here and there, in control and move description. I.E Zangeki instead of Slash/Attack. Zanshin is really weird too. I still have no idea what the gigantic Kanji icon in the HUD is for, beyond making bleeding enemies die faster2. That weird icon for Sweep, Iai, Celestial Judgment and Divine Wind? Thats the RELEASE in controls3. Some moves can not be chained into other moves. Which creates the really weird situation where you want to do something, but you need to hit Slash or Martial Arts button first so you can do it4. Map change Lock On and Sprint to the same button, do yourself a favor and do that. There is no real way to control camera otherwise5. Holding roll is faster than mashing roll."
,Recommended,263620,22438403,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Merithras,overall a relaxing hack and slash. however. watch and learn the hitboxes for enemy attacks. looks like you're safe?... nope.
,Not Recommended,263620,22187162,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Honey bee,"Feels like Ninja Gaiden, minus all finesse. Thankfully there's just like 3 dull enemies and like 3 circular arena stages so you won't have to deal with the crappy camera, repetitive music, and boring combat for too long. Hopefully you'll have the foresight to purchase the counter ability that otherwise looks optional before the final boss fight, it doesn't seem like it was designed to be beaten at all without that.The barebones story, protag/antag designs, and fights against the antagonist were enjoyable though."
,Recommended,263620,22101138,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Sammy,"€2,50 for pantsu, not bad. Gameplay is pretty repetitive so far, mostly just slashing at brainless guys in suits in some arena."
,Recommended,263620,22113017,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SylvaticStone,SUZUKAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,263620,22088408,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,K. Seto,"Have you ever wanted to be a badass, pretty female samurai who can, for some reason make robots bleed? Of course you do! Buy it!Serious reviewNote that this is review is compaing the game with other doujin (japanese indie) games instead of games in general, or even indie in general.Pros:- Game looks professional even though it's a doujin game- Artwork is nice but I guess that's pretty obvious- Combos are very well made. Physical, Sword, Specials, Zanshin and dash can cancel to each other smoothlyCons:- Game is repetitive- Limited gameplay timeWhat I like and don't like about each difficultyEasy:- Nothing much to say, you learn the game on this difficultyNomral:Pros:- Combos can be really be used here. The enemies aren't too tanky but aren't too thin either. As a fighting game fan, normal mode has been the most fun I've had playing the gameCons:- Not all moves are probably unlocked, depending on how you play so combos are still limitedHard/Very Hard:Pros:- I can't think of oneCons:- Great now that you can do all those combos, time to throw all that out the window and start spamming Specials cause you won't survive otherwise- Combos are likely to be fully unlocked but you won't be able to use them. Enemies are too tanky and you're too weak.- Becomes greatly repetitive as it's easy to do but takes a whileInferno:Pros:- You'll get killed after one hit. I personally love this as a bullet hell fan- Boss fights are the most fun here since it's more challengingCons:- The first few levels are fun but it soon becomes repetitive againAll things considered, the game is pretty fun for a while but it soon becomes repetitive. It falls short had it been a high budget game but if it were a doujin game, it seems professional even though it does have some weak points.Personally, I don't think it's worth full price but good if you buy it on sale."
,Recommended,263620,22518706,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,NTG29,"Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is a pretty good game. It is short and is about 2 - 3 hours long. However, the gameplay is good, the modeling is great, and the level design is pretty nice as well. The boss fights always had me on edge (Especially the final). I would recommend that the game be played with a controller because for the first hour or so; I played with my keyboard and I was getting REKT. So overall, short game, but worth paying for."
,Recommended,263620,21543321,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mustard Potato Gaming,I love the game but the combos? I can't do the arial combos IDK why. -_-
76561198160299574,Recommended,263620,21558107,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,CaptainCasual,"really fun game, japanese (positive or negative, its up to you)+ really nice voice acting (its in japanesse, but its high quality,... i think?). generic but addictive gameplay+/- the story seems generic. the gameplay is you typical hack n slash- the control with the key board, but mostly the camera, its ... ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198123677439,Recommended,263620,21865699,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Euphreak,"I enjoy this game, it's a pretty straightforward hack and slash so if you were looking for something with plot, go someplace else. My only complaint is that the comands were difficult for me to do on a keyboard, but I usually use a controller."
,Recommended,263620,22056432,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Akikun,Takes time to learn the controls and gets slightly repetitive but other than that it's a great game.
,Recommended,263620,10625010,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,x5queal,"8/10Nice game, hard bosses.*I think they should add more gore to the game, It will make the game so much better and fun."
,Recommended,263620,10625622,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ecy-sides,"Nice game to kill some time. It has a simple battle system, but you still need some skills to overcome difficult opponents."
,Recommended,263620,10727524,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HeartSakura,nice game i love anime games
,Recommended,263620,10724736,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Eleven,"got it for only 2.50 Euro, worth it !"
,Recommended,263620,22126632,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Yube,Arcade style Beat-em-up with fun controls and nice visuals. The gameplay is easy to grasp but hard to master and some comboes can be really rewarding to pull off.
,Not Recommended,263620,21999274,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,P4YN Ki,"So seen this on the PS4 thought that might be interesting. Bought on Steam in the sale and played for a little while, if you're going to play this I can't stress enough, use a controller.The game does the arena battles okish, the camera could be left free floating, instead everytime I use a move the camera defaults behind my character, even after turning it to face the enemy.The Tutorial doesn't give you any button promts at all. Nada, zip, zilch. So mashing buttons to figure everything out? Great Start.The game could of been so much better, but it doesn't even do a good job of explaining what it is or what's next. The only good thing I found in this game was the background music and sound effects on the attacks.Here's some features I wouldn't mind seeing:1) A Progress Bar. yep a simple counter to say how many enemies are left in this wave and how many waves in this chapter.2) Tutorial Button Display. You're offering a wide range of controller support including PS4! Is it really that hard to show the buttons on screen?3) More resolutions, 1280x720 or 1600x900 were the only 2 that I could have.4) I never thought I'd ever ask for more explination to what's going on in the game, BUT here we are. Would a small piece of text or even a section in the menu where you can read about the events that have happened. Even if it's optional?Anyway, the games ok for the price, I picked it up in the sale. I'd recommend you do the same if you're going to get it all.  Definitely use a controller. Finally leave a review.P.S I didn't mention Graphics, they are ok. I really don't mind the PS2 era look, for some that might be a turn off. If that is the case then that's the least of this games worries."
76561198147284524,Recommended,263620,21975769,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,HarbingerOne,"This game has loads of potential, I can only imagine if it had better funding (might be as great as Ninja Gaiden). Nothing too deep here but its a nice little distraction and honestly better than I was expecting. This would be such an awesome game if it had better production quality (but still good for what it is)."
76561198049116195,Recommended,263620,21981762,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,superbadius,"Amazed to see this game on sale for such a low price.     It's an awesome game!I have the Steam Version, and I went ahead and bought the  PS4 version also.The main character is a samurai girl in a schoogirl outfit.    Full 3d.  Well drawn.  Well animated.If you're looking for serious depth then, I don't know what to tell you.   I guess the game never got developed that far.   But, if you want to kill an hour or two hacking and slashing,  and watching a girl in a short skirt do Karate kicks and sommersaults.           - This is the game for you.I get my depth from other games."
76561198256543675,Not Recommended,263620,21912531,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,JesterMoon,It gets really boring/annoying really fast.
76561198076155133,Recommended,263620,21978071,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SuperStanley,simply cooool
,Recommended,263620,20284903,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Quotation-Dono,Panstu/Waifu May Crypros:-panty shots-combat system-fast-paced-flashy-short (a long game doesn't always automatically mean its worth buying because it's good)-lock-on kinda works better on bosses-flashy panty shots-command dash (basically run button)cons:-enemies are recycled-the lock on system is♥♥♥♥♥♥^ -the dmc control scheme/ launching doesn't work if the lock-on is just hold a camera in one place and not lock onto a opponent^ -the dodge system is really dumb and tacky and barely useful esspecially since the character doesn't lock into looking     into the direction of her opponent when hitting the lock-on.-/- in general no one likes the circular arena I personally don't careOverall-it didn't over stay it's welcome but the bosses are frustruating because of mechanical flaws not because their actually hard.7/10
,Not Recommended,263620,23417094,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,MHK-,this is like a bit sophisticated version of a flash game... not worth the buy unless its for a dollar.
,Recommended,263620,23490830,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,SadTone,This game is a good source for getting your rage out with fast fighting and fun enemy's. Tho the games storyline isent very good the fighting makes up for it.
,Recommended,263620,23552298,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,4all-Kun,=)
76561198170325553,Recommended,263620,23291662,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Gracie,Stress game
,Recommended,263620,23162983,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,cloakYuki,"This game is frickin amazing. 10/10Anime, nice looking anime women, swords, blood, YOU NAME IT, THIS GAME HAS IT. THIS GAME IS PERFECT."
,Recommended,263620,23394341,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Anasterian,It is perfect to kill free time.
,Recommended,263620,23606393,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,PKBWGSC,"This... really needs some heavy polishing.First off - the game mechanics. It's quick. That's good. Some inconsistencies - not so good.Example - sometimes katana will randomly not hit an enemy within the hitbox range. So while you're slashing at say, a small group, one can get behind you and hit you, then you get fked by the whole group.It's the combat system, while solid, is somewhat linear - even with upgrades from the shop.This is reinforced by the fact that you only fight in a small circular arena.The input for some of the upgraded attacks are awkward as well.Example: while running executing a melee attack will trigger a flash kick. Good, but attacking melee in any way while in a running animation will force a flash kick - something that takes a lot of frames to go through with some end lag.A lot of other things to comment on, but these are the major. Essentially, it's a solid game mechanically that could use a few touchups here and there to make it better, Some more tweaking of the game could make it a solid 8/10 at the very least."
,Recommended,263620,23562285,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,XSSpeed,"Played this with no controller. Die horribly on easy. 10/10Play this with controller, die horribly on normal 10/10.Fun game, would recommend. It's short, simple, and looks flawless in terms of combo execution. Very easy to get into, hard to master! :P"
,Recommended,263620,23668726,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,FelsicRainbow,"Quality product that keeps you up for a long period, only 10/10"
,Recommended,263620,24749189,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,悉梨老鼠,I want to use Suzuka :(
,Recommended,263620,24838913,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Stera,"Nice game , worthed to buy (y)"
,Recommended,263620,22768930,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Divine,Pretty fun and nice graphics.Only a few problem: The camera is too hard to steer and control and some fo the controls are messed up wiht my laptop shortcuts so its pretty annnoying.
,Recommended,263620,22997907,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Frizouw,"Strangely I really have fun with this game and I recommend iteven though it is a very banal and cheap.It's a hack n' slash with sexy characters but very repetitive enemies,if you like this kind of games with a level system for attacks, you should buy it.I give a rating of 6/10.Pros :+ Funny+ Addictive battle+ Sexy gurl+ Level systemCons:- Repetitive ennemies- Lacking some development"
,Recommended,263620,22970580,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Beardmasterflash,It's got a pretty fun combo system and some nice bosses.A little bit short but replayable for unlockables.
,Recommended,263620,23054616,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,disqrl,The game is really nice) Its like a death palace in devil may cry)
76561198192938819,Not Recommended,263620,20904643,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,tumpanaios,Game`s control for pc suck.
76561198003020603,Recommended,263620,20886955,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Heiga,"Graphics = pantsu/10Style = pantsu/10Gameplay = pantsu/10Enemy variety = pantsu/10Replayability = pantsu/10Panty shots = pantsu/10My first runthrough of the game was pretty lackluster (aside from the amazing pantsu), I finished on normal using pretty much only the basic attacks. I was gonna put it down for good after that, but upon seeing that there was a sailor outfit to unlock, I thought 'ey might as well'.It's a good thing I did because as I replayed it on hard, I unlocked the other attacks in the game and it started getting funner and funner. It took me much longer to beat on hard and after I did beat it, I went and beat the very hard difficulty.The combat was intense and required me to hone my skills and reflexes.If you want a fun game with pantsu, this is it."
,Recommended,263620,20671555,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,RivetKick,Button mashing at it's best and pantsu 10/10
,Recommended,263620,20646294,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,xxKyu,"Highly recommended, very fun and charismatic characters."
,Recommended,263620,20707966,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Hoshizora,"A nice game for someone who wants to have fun for a few hours.It's a short game, but at higher levels you'll need a lot of practice with timming your skills to win the level.Still, is not a bad game if you buy it with discount, seems legit."
,Recommended,263620,20702080,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,araraf,"Awsome game! For keyboard little bit confusing controlls, but once you get use to it, it's great!Well, expected it to have little bit longer story line, but Normal mode is another challenge, and than hard mode etc.!Definitly worth the money. And small tip: Get controller, it would be probably much easier..."
,Recommended,263620,20714437,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Red Beans,"Pros:-Straightforward in terms of presentation: you're playing this to see a high school girl beat up dozens of cyborgs with over the top sword techniques, not an amazing story.-Visuals are fine, the game does a good job at conveying what exactly's happening on the screen.-Pantsu-Replay value with 5 different difficulty levels, and 4 different costumes to unlock, not to mention all the sword skills you might not have tried out on your first run.Cons:-It's a bit expensive, honestly, for what you get out of it.-No real variation in enemies or arenas; all the levels, aside from visuals and music, are identical. Enemies are also largely the same, and mostly come as palette swaps. Even the bosses get in on this, with two different ones being reused for two different levels.-Only 2 of the costumes have pantsu.-2 of the costumes have to be bought with an absurd amount of ingame credits, which would require a long time grinding. Not to mention you'll be spending those credits as you go to power up your sword skills.Overall, it's a game I'd recommend you get on sale if you can. It's certainly not the pinnacle of hack-and-slashes, but it's a fun game. If you're a weeb, you'll just appreciate this that much more, but hot sword girls beating the hell out of each other with pantsu shots everywhere is never a bad thing regardless."
,Not Recommended,263620,20693815,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,bullbountampa,"Very repetitive and the isometric approach often causes enemies to block your field of vision.  Even though they turn opaque, it doesn't require more than a few to suddenly make it so you can't see.  Basic button masher."
,Recommended,263620,20493609,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,DomialSenpai,"Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is a really fun arcade game with easy to use controls but its not very long, its the type of game you play if u wanna kill a couple of hours so if your looking for a game to invest alot of time in then this isnt what your looking for. But aside from that its really good game"
,Recommended,263620,20577082,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,サンタナです！,"Very fast paced fighting hack-and-slash.The game is played in a wave style in which you have to defeat enemies to proceed to the next stage.You get the choice to play with a controller or the keyboard. There's no mouse support though, which gives the game a much greater challenge than playing with a controller.Although the game lacks in levels and enemy variety (3 common enemies with 2 reskins each, including a boss at the end of each level), it more than makes up for it in the skills upgrading and combat.The main story takes about an hour to complete and there are 3 difficulties (as far as I know) as well as a few unlockable skins for the heroine.In a single playthrough, you can unlocking over 50% of the achievements.Very fun, very fast, very challenging.The main focus of the game is to fight through waves of enemies with each wave containing more and stronger enemies. Once you hit the enemies a certain amount of times, their outlines became a glowing red, at this point, you can use the Zanshin command which does a finisher-like taunt that does heavy damage on them. Every hit against enemies adds to your combo counter and the counter only resets once you get hit, so you wont lose your combo while waiting for the next round or running from the enemy for a little breathing space.As for the story (with as little spoilers as possible), your friend is possessed by a demon sword which manifests by draining its host's life. So it's quite obvious you have to defeat your possessed friend and the demon sword entity.Since I played using the keyboard, I found my best button mapping to be:Movement - W, A, S, D respectivelyDash - LShiftJump - SpaceGuard - H (combine with movement keys to dodge)Hand to Hand Combat - JZangeki - KHoly Attack - LZanshin - ; (the game shows the semicolon registered as '@', don't worry about it)Release - ICamera Left - UCamera Right - OThe rest at default since I never used them.I really wished you could double map the camera controls.. I originally remapped Camera Left and Right as Q and E repectively, but moving the camera while running became tedious. Then I remapped them to the above and it became just as tedious to move the camera during combat.By the way, if you're playing with keyboard, make sure it is sturdy, because you will be pressing buttons like crazy. I swear my J and K keys are feeling loose now."
,Recommended,263620,19995770,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Yasha,"""I'm on that MKH, I'm on that MKH"" - Love Everlasting's VST7 entry."
76561198056122722,Recommended,263620,17517995,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,GrilledSoup,Hard as ♥♥♥♥ but super fun.
76561198096560985,Recommended,263620,17528104,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Rafa,"""Ninja Gaiden Arena fight"" to sumarize, an awesome hack n' slash game with many elements in battle to feel freshalthough very short and lacking enemies its just fun to cut all of them japanese movie stylethe last question is..........hakama or sailor costume first?"
,Recommended,263620,17531451,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,チャイナ,"Just got this game like a day ago, and I already love it. Simple yet..not ? The moves are pretty easy to learn in my opinion besides joust garding and countering, I'm sure it'll take me forever to get it sense it has to be PRECISE. Even on easy there's a little bit of a challenge, which I like. This game will leave hack and slash lovers entertained for a good few hours. Highly reccomend"
76561198200170599,Recommended,263620,17533156,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Michael,The controllers are difficult than i've imagine.But still..............Dem pantyshots tho >_<
,Recommended,263620,18201625,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,[c r a c k e r s],"You know those god awful Japanese B-movies starring Japanese high school girls fighting grotesque monsters and you watch it anyway because it's campy and over-the-top?  Yeah, this is a lot like that only if it were put through the filter of Devil May Cry.  What I, personally, really liked was that all of these moves ort of cancelled nicely into each other allowing you to go from kick to sword to block to dodge to sword to super on the fly.  It really makes adjusting to whatever the chaotic hordes may throw at you intuitive and keeps the fights going at a brisk pace.There are a couple of flaws that keep it from being pretty damn excellent, though.For one thing, there's no lock on.  No lock on means you're going to end up swinging (or worse unloadin and wasting entire bars of Super) in the wrong direction every now and then and eating a sword to the face.  It also means the camera is VERY uncooperative once you start speeding up and moving all over the place.  I'm already busy enough as it is trying to keep combos going without getting hit, I don't want to have to worry about swivveling the camera an inch every other 10 seconds.  There IS a button that turns you around to face the nearest enemy, but again, a proper lock on function would have been better.  Another flaw is the lack of different attacks to buy.  Once you buy the flash kick launcher, the dive kick, and the counter there's nothing else to upgrade other than increasing their strength.  And then you have some of the enemy's attack's being a little janky.  Sometimes it's hard to tell whether a move should be dodged or blocked until you've already eaten the hit.  Allow me to give an example: the first boss has a  number of attacks to keep track of, right?  Two of which are a a pretty quick two swing move, and a back hand semi-spin attack.  The two-swing move is completely blockable, however the back hand semi-spin must be dodged.  Both are fairly similar looking attacks and for me it wasn't clear enough which one was unblockable.  Maybe I'm just bad at video games.  Who knows.I get this is an indie game, and so it might be forgiven for a lack of polish.  However flaws are flaws, and when all is said and done these aren't game breaking.  In fact I'm very much impressed with what they were able to make given their limitations.  I'd love to see a sequel where they iron out the kinks and really explore their combat system to its fullest."
,Recommended,263620,18295886,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Dorfx,"DMC Bloody Palace + School girl with katana = GG!Quite entertaining, challenging and difficult to beat.Only downside is Hard and Very hard modes where you have to possess superhuman reflexes to hit perfect timings on Counter and Flourish skills.9/10"
,Recommended,263620,18238176,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Punk Spider,"Fun game that""s sometimes difficult. Great if you're looking for a quick challenge."
,Recommended,263620,18273066,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Cheerylixilis,"Kinda fun, mindless hack and slash. feels like a demo to an extent with just how repetative it gets but I suppose I would say it's worth the price."
76561198099349792,Recommended,263620,17479255,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,SamSensei,"Solid gameplay, any fan of hack and slash can appreciate that. Where is fails in the less then stellar presentation of the story and unimaginative arena, similar and uninspired enemies. The bosses are better than the normal enemies though. I bought this game for $2, and if you just want to experience good hack and slash gameplay, $2 is a good price. If you are expecting a story and solid level design, I recommend you go elsewhere; Bayonetta, and the older DMC games are a good place to start.If you are looking for a highschool anime girl pantsu edition, then have at it. Though i recommend you play Senran Kagura, that game is basically this game done way better.Is this game worth $10? No. Is it worth $2? Yeah kinda. 6/10 (Solid gameplay, but that is all it has)Hope this helps people with their buying decision."
,Recommended,263620,17484724,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,leiowyn,i spent 25 minutes hitting Y and seeing low poly panties.10/10
,Recommended,263620,17498366,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,BakedCookie,"I guess this game is on the level of Devil May Cry's DMD mode in terms of difficulty. Sure it's not as polished or has that triple-a production value, but I find it very enjoyable if a bit repetitive. The combat shines best when you're fighting bosses (hard as hell) or hordes of regular enemies. The main characters are designed nicely but everything else is rather meh. Know that you're basically getting ""Bloody Palace: the videogame"" here.Numerical verdict: solid 7/10 (add or duck a point here depending on how you feel about panty shots inevitably occuring during fights)."
,Recommended,263620,17499218,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Jackson Rhode,"School girl with knee-high socks, ponytail, and a katana fights against her best friend and a army of demons with long-string combos consisting of attacks cancelling into each other... one of the best stylish action/character action/CRAHYZEE games I've played in a while. While having not a large moveset as Devil May Cry or Ninja Gaiden, it really forces you to utilize everything you've learned when larger hordes of stronger enemies and bosses appear. The plot is simplistic, but the action is the main attraction since it's set in a Bloody Palace-like arena. If you're looking for a low-priced action game and want to have a lot of fun, then this is the game for you... also Misa is new waifu."
,Recommended,263620,17499879,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,deathangelz,"Ok, here's my review for this interesting game.First off, the style of this game is to my liking so the review might be a little bias.I would give this game a 7/10Pros:Short and sweet story lineBeautiful art style skill wise (As an anime style, it's beautiful)Enough skill upgrades to get you to repeat the story a few timesGreat chaining possiblityCons:I wish the story be a little longerKey bindings are a bit of a problem if you're gona use a keyboardThat's all for the pros and cons as this is a short game. Please complete the tutorial if you don't wish to be confused when you start playing as the tutorial will teach you how to use the skills and stuff."
,Recommended,263620,17543459,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Pacific Hero,"Pros-Charming Character Settings-Inexpensive, definitely worth its price"
,Recommended,263620,17544999,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Nards_Dangle,Not enough boobs6/10
,Recommended,263620,16080738,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,★Pez Rabbit★,"(NOTE: The hours Steam says I've played do not reflect how much I've actually played offline.)tl;dr:░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░Sorta In-depth Review:I'd highly recommend this to people who are fans of things such as Ninja Blade for the Xbox 360 or the Dynasty Warriors series. This game is very beat em' up-y and of course this means things can get a little repetitive after a while. However, the game does a very good job at fixing this by allowing you to buy/upgrade new skills with the points that you earn from beating up said enemies. The best part is the fact you can keep whatever points you make when you die, so you can upgrade your health/katana gauge/etc. as much as you need until you're finally beefed up enough to take down the big bad that's troubling you.The controls require you to have a gamepad or usb controller of some kind, because there's so many buttons that do so many things. If you've played (and beat) this game with a keyboard alone, kudos to you.The story is pretty decent. It gives you a set goal to accomplish and that's basically it.The soundtrack is really nice to listen to, and I didn't find myself growing tired of it.The voice acting is pretty good, but I wish it had more variety and blended in better with the clashing of swords, robot arms, lasers, and the BGM. Hearing ""hoo ha hoo ha hoo ha hyah hoo ha hoo ha hoo ha hyah AUGHGHGHGHGHGH"" does get a little irking after a bit.Overall, I'd give this game an 8/10. I've had a lot of fun with it so far and I hope to see more titles from this developer in the future."
,Recommended,263620,13698731,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BOG-D,The best indie japanese hack'n'slash I've ever played so far. This game is majestic. One of my favorites now. It's rather short but great for an indie game. I just had to unlock all the achievements and the time was totally worth it.9/10.
,Recommended,263620,17237166,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,TwoStep2RedHeads,"Reminder of Onechanbara, Dynasty Warriors, and DMC Bloody Palace. I personally like it, and I love the characters!"
76561198079276076,Recommended,263620,16025652,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Omelet,"It's short, sweet, replayable, and all in all very fun."
,Recommended,263620,18888245,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Taal,"Somewhat of a nice game. Unlocking new moves brings you SO many ways to new combos like the trailer shows. I like it, there is even that little story xDOh yeah don't forget to kill enemies first. No there are no friends but I tried to combo in the air while many enemies were still alive, wasn't that funny, seeing some robots hopping on me while I am practicing. Damn robots"
,Recommended,263620,27907918,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ZehWalt,"simple, and fun what more do you need"
76561198228327924,Recommended,263620,28306870,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,AlaudeClaude,"Fun little game with amazing visuals and battle system. Story is quite good as well and progress is great as well. For 10 Euro it's a great deal, especially if it's discounted."
,Recommended,263620,28734796,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NOTHatZero_ABC,"Thats good game for Indiebut when you play the game, the BGM is very boring so thats make I dont have spirit for play itbtw, I like this game because this is game with genre Hack and Slash, the subtitle is english but the voice is japanese ( I like it ) , the enemy is tough ( or maybe I'm too noob? ) , and panties :D"
76561198229925884,Recommended,263620,28800037,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,noob_skillz,"love this game i got it cheap but would love to see if they have DLC's or some mods from users. kinda feels repetitive if you continue playing this. But what's good about hack and slash games is it get rids of my stress-- at least it lessened one murder crime report, instead of slashing humans this game breaks free of my frustrations and stress. two thumbs up!plus makes me see pantsu-- but i kinda love bewbies. can anyone make a topless mod??  hahaha"
,Recommended,263620,28699104,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ⓚⓚⓚ | d_dweeb,"Pretty fun game, would reccomend BUUUUTPros:Cute Animu GurlPanty shotsCute CostumesDecent storyectectectCons:Short GameBeat this game in like 2 hours.Repetitive gameplayand, think that's it.Pretty good."
76561198295279942,Recommended,263620,28694083,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SmokeytheCat,It's a very fun game I would recommend it I just wish it would explain the controls a bit more.
,Recommended,263620,13904312,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,bigturd,poopy and pee pee
,Recommended,263620,32212813,Posted: 5 June,all,Kijin,"Challenging enemies and wonderful combo posibilities. Even tho keeping track of the camera is really hard, the game is totally worth its price. Play it on hard mode!"
,Recommended,263620,33767893,Posted: 24 July,all,WATTARU,"[Pros]* Cute girls and panties (Seriously, it keeps your eyes entertained since the game is so repetitive.)* Stylish* Solid hit-effect[Cons]* Repetitive (The same strategy works from stage 1 to stage 3)* Almost impossible counter-attack (You gotta catch those few frame, buddy, FEW frames!)* Poor optimization[ETC]* Works pretty well with XBOX controller. I don't recommend mouse/keyboard.* I really enjoy the insane difficulty of this game. I tried to beat the game with only counter-attacks, and really liked it. I mean, if you are such a maniac."
76561198139614545,Recommended,263620,34115255,Posted: 8 August,all,Wonderpill,"It looks fantastic... The combat is decent, though a lock on feature would make it MUCH BETTER, it still gets the job done.Story progress, is useless... if you are playing this game for a story, this better be your first video game, because this review is longer than the story.Understanding what you are doing, seems like it would just fall into place with every other simple hack and slash game, but it doesn't.  Purchasing upgrades don't seem to do anything for the first purchase, and require you to purchase the second level to use them.  You cannot purchase all of the upgrades.Which brings me to my only real gripe with this game.  It is an obvious grindfest going in.  You kinda knew what to expect in that department.  But there is no NG+ style ""KEEP YOUR SKILLS AND START A NEW GAME"".  Because of that, I will liekly never play the game again.In the 106 minutes that it took me to complete the game, and then run through the tutorial (which I should have done first) I died 4 times.  all of which were to bosses.I would love for this game to have a boss rush mode, or NG+ mode, but unless I read about that happening, I can easily say I am 100% done with this game.I got it for less than $5.00 so it wasn't breaking the bank.  It only takes up like 200mb, so its not killing my hard drive space... so Maybe, if my internet goes out, and I need to burn an hour, I might play it again for a little bit... I did unlock a new costume, and it looks pretty cool."
76561198002623806,Recommended,263620,34153018,Posted: 10 August,all,Karwakamu,I think this is a fun little character action game. Keep in mind that it's not very long so it's better suited for people who like to replay short games on higher and higher difficulties. That said I think the mechanichs are deep enough to keep you engaged (although Bayonetta this is not) and the skill ceiling is sky high if you're looking for a challenge.
,Recommended,263620,34147693,Posted: 10 August,all,PrincessFoxy,The gameplay is fun and the moveset is good.Game in general is short.On very Hard and Inferno mobs are really annoying But bosses are really fun.Short Story.In about 5/10 hours you may complete the whole game.Ok with the steam sale.
,Recommended,263620,22300275,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Ivan Osorio,"Japanese high-school girl armed with a katana goes berserk against Daft Punk because they sold out on Random Access Memories. Also every once in a while Metal Gear Ray and Evangelion Units show up. So... Yes. Pretty good.On a more serious note, I really enjoyed my time with Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae (henceforth MKH). While the game is very barebones in terms of general presentation, what really matters is here: A really polished gameplay experience. The controls are extremely precise and responsive, the combat mechanics are great, and the action is enjoyable in general. Also, major props for the animation, which is very fluid and looks great (except for the instant block thing, which while an integral part of the game's design, looks extremely silly).You start out pretty weak and with a very restricted repertoire of moves, but pump a few points into your ""skill tree"" of sorts and you will be pulling out combos and cancels and flourishes in no time... Provided you have the actual skill to pull these off. This is not a button masher. You will need to know what you are doing to survive. Specially as you bump the difficulty to higher levels, something you should definitely do as you progress along unlocking new skills. I don't recommend starting out on Hard, the enemies take a while to die and it can get really boring super fast. They also mess around with ""enemy placement"", so you get tougher enemies much earlier, which doesn't really allow you the time to figure out their patterns and understand what you are up against. But once you unlock a some moves, Normal and even Hard itself, just become trivial.MKH is at it's best when you are terrified and overwhelmed. The feeling of pulling off a flourish that leads to the annihilation of the whole screen is a thing of wonder.However, it's not without its faults. There are only really like 3 or 4 enemies. They have some slight variations in move-sets, accompanied by color swaps, but in the end you are still fighting Daft Punk, Ray and EVA during pretty much the whole game. A 4th unit shows up later, but it's very situational. I believe it is restricted to Chapter 4 (on Normal). This is a very small game by a very small team. While some areas are very polished, like the combat mechanics, the protagonist and antagonist having very well done character models and animations, some have clearly suffered. Enemy animation, specially Daft Punk's, is very shoddy in places, but it never gets in the way of gameplay. Their attacks are perfectly telegraphed and easy to understand once you get the hang of it. It just looks super stupid when they more or less glide through the screen while moving their bodies in a somewhat unnatural manner.And also the music. The music in this game is awful. Period. I've found that the best way to rectify this dire failure and, in the process, improve the game's atmosphere exponentially, was to have the Rurouni Kenshin OST running on the background. Just throwing it out there.TECHNICAL CONSIDERATIONSLet it be known that having a controller is extremely recommended.TL;DRAny Devil May Cry or modern Ninja Gaiden fan could potentially have a good time with Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae. The action is tight, the controls are responsive, and the boss fights are great challenges, but it's your ability to overlook its faults that will determine how much enjoyment you get out of the experience. While it eventually gets too easy, additional difficulty modes, including an Inferno mode where you die in one hit, are provided and could keep you engaged for a while.MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATIONIt's worth pointing out that to the best of my knowledge the difficulty achievements don't stack, so I finished Normal and had to go back for Easy. If you care about that, you might want to start on easy and make your life... Well, easier."
,Recommended,263620,34386552,Posted: 20 August,all,sshiinaa/sskky,Some samurai girl fighting huge robot statue look a like demons.Basically the demons doesnt move around that much so its kinda easy to kill them.Its like a practice arena where u jump aroundn with sword hitting random demon creatures that appear every 5 seconds.It has like a devil may cry hit combo or whatever its called i guess its slash and hack?.pretty fun game especially if u like cute samurai and like to wasting time doing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥hitting the same statue alike enemy(coz they only stand there to be hit) without getting boring real quick.graphics is still good imo i dont really mind about graphics that much tho so.really recommend this game its fun and funny.
76561197998197307,Recommended,263620,9417620,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Small dick; Fat tits,oh
