user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,263640,14730291,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Nakor,"UPDATE June 12, 2015:I have been asked to update my review.  Ok, I finally got around to it.  Unfortunately it's not going to improve things.  When I tried to play to update my opinion I found some insane things that simply stopped me from playing.  Here are the most important reasons I quit playing after only a few minutes.  I will leave it at that:* The popup tooltips do not have any support for controllers.  So I can run around in the game with a controller but have to switch to my mouse and keyboard when a tooltip pops up?  Right...* The guns are placed in THE WORST way I have ever seen.  EVER.  Why, WHY, would a person hold a gun like that?  Take the handgun, when I picked this gun up the game character holds it way up to the right blocking a big portion of the screen.  When you aim it moves it way over to the left and way back in a way that makes absolutely no sense at all.  It feels like the character is somehow holding the gun beside their head, and behind it at the same time.  Soon after picking up the pistol I picked up some sort of a rocket launcher.  This gun took up more than HALF THE SCREEN.  Simply unacceptable.That was when I shut the game down.  Read the original review if you like.  I'm out.Original Review:Keeping in mind that this is an early access review (although when it is this short I have trouble calling it a review), I can not currently recommend CDF Ghostship.  The game seems like it will be really cool when some more work is put into it, but at the moment there are things that make it too frustrating for me.ShootingShooting can be painful.Guns that do not reload but recharge instead are nice, but there is no clear indication of this which can definitely be a problem in battle.Hitting what you shoot at is often difficult because the enemy hit boxes are too small or oddly shaped, and the guns are horribly inaccurate.The UI is not well designed (yet?) and does not indicate well your reserves of ammo.EnemiesHaving a few enemies be annoying is fine, but when the majority of your enemies are based around being annoying you have a problem.Tiny enemies with tiny hit boxes moving around fast with inaccurate weapons = This is dumb, I'll play another game.UII know, it is Early Access.  I get that.  I'm a game developer, I know what it is like.  That said, I'm also a gamer.I would not recommend you go into the inventory screen (""I"" button).  The mouse moves so fast I can hardly find it and it almost always causes the game to do some of the weirdest glitching I've ever seen.The UI does not well indicate the amount of information you need.  This was mentioned above as well.Finally...Any other problem I could mention with it is no big deal to me at the moment so I will leave it at that.  The bottom line here is that it is playable, but if you are short on cash I would wait.One other thing to note is that while the game does support side by side 3D (Oculus Rift), the UI is NOT built for it and the guns float right in front of your face not only making you uncomfortable but also blocking much of your vision.  It is not playable with the Rift."
76561198005653460,Not Recommended,263640,16883205,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,mad scientist,"Wow, well I had ok hopes for this when I downloaded it.  Real let down, holy crap do the controls suck.  Its also extremely hard to figure out where you are being attacked from and where the enemies are, as whenever you are under threat deafening battle music starts playing, that and there doesn't seem to be directional sound effects from the bad guys.I gave it an hour, waste of $17 sadly.  cool ambience, they tried."
76561197975327907,Not Recommended,263640,30067971,Posted: 20 February,all,MWRuger,"I downloaded this game installed it, hoping for a fun shooter instead I got an interesting looking game that was incredibly frustrating to play.First, it crashed three times before deciding to run, but then it started. First thing I do is change the resolution to Full Screen and the native resolution of my monitor. Wait. No apply changes button.  Had to exit the game, restart then the Apply Changes button was there.I glance at the control options. Hmmm. It says weapons are bound to the number keys. Except they aren’t. The Shotgun and SMG. Everything else I had to use quick select to get to/ Except it wasn’t very quick to cycle through. Did I mention you can’t re-map the keys? Because you can’t remap the weapon keys.Combat. I’ll admit I’m an older gamer and maybe my reflexes aren’t what they were when I was playimg Half-life, halflife-2 Duke Nuk’em, Blood and about 30 or 40 other shooters. But I can still play System Shock 2, which has difficulty levels that are no lie. Guns are pretty inaccurate and trying to shoot fast moving aliens with small hit boxes with guns that can’t hit much, even when aiming makes combat a chore.  I didn’t play long, maybe it gets better, but I’ll try something more fun or just replay Bioshock or Arma 3."
76561198156419143,Recommended,263640,16110508,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,The Seph,"This game has steadily improved with each new update and its good if you like a  story , not only to follow through at your leisure but  also fighting to reach your objectives. You can  play  on easy mode or crank up through normal to nightmare if you like a challenge.Its the same story but the harder modes come with more achievements.I personally don't think its for the faint hearted  and you do  have to apply  some grey matter to work out some of the codes required for unlocking doors or reaching objectives within the game in story mode.If you die however  don't worry you are re spawned in the last airlock you came through. If you've already taken  a beating  and are not happy you can just jump back there  anyway  without dying?The earlier versions could sometimes  give you  too much detail on some missions while leaving you to guess on others, but this has also  been improved.If your not  too bothered  about story lines there may  be something to occupy you in  the other game modes , maybe something like onslaught , which gives you more of an in your face type of battle once the action begins.Challenge mode on the other hand  is more sustained  and requires a slightly different approach.With skirmish mode and simulation mode as well   there should be something to interest  most types of gamer."
,Not Recommended,263640,24752469,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Timstro59,"The majority of the weapons tend to be posititioned incorrectly for a first person perspective, if this issue is fixed and a basic waypointing mechanism is implimented(?), then I can possibly recommend this game. As it is, it is a mess of a game and not worth playing.These issues aside, I think it is a very interesting concept and very much worth expanding on.But, because of these issues, I cannot reccomend this game at this current time."
,Not Recommended,263640,15123925,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Marybelle,"I don't want to be a negative nancy here and yes it's early access an actually has a lot more promise than similar uninspired identical looking shovelware that's floating around but maybe not at this price.I'd like to see a lot more polish, perhaps an actual release state, or a price cut. As it is now I just can't recommend it, there's comparably better titles at equal or less cost, and this one just fails to stand out.The comparisons with System Shock and Dead Space are thoroughly undeserved, even if the game tries to ape them a bit in style it has none of the trappings that made the aforementioned games good, it just looks similar. Gunplay is not a fun affair as of now, and frankly, there's not much else this game has to offer. Even the random aspects don't do as much for replay value as they'd like you to believe, because let's face it, if two zombies or in fact two zombies and a bug spawn on you on a certain spot, who will notice all that much difference. This might need a bigger enemy variety or even a procedurally generated map like some other game about an actual ghost ship that comes to mind, has.As far as I can tell, the title's biggest crime is its awful mediocrity. With the flood of abysmal content that plagues steam at this time, it is a good game in comparison. But put next to products of a quality that is considered standard these days? Not as much.But don't listen to me, tune in to some unbiased gameplay footage first. *Cough*.. I went into it with very positive expectations actually.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyvEzALz17I"
76561197970524226,Recommended,263640,18090765,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,28k,"I'm not going to write a review Im just going to say this game is really fun.  Its a jolt of realism in a market saturated with hand holding FPS shooters.  This game is hard, because it realistic.  All the weapons just feel real and solid.  I havent had this much fun with an FPS game since probably Doom or the orignal Duke Nukem.I hope you make enough money on these titles to take this game concept to the next level, but please no arrows on the ground telling you where to run, no sparkly's that mark interactive objects.  I love how this game forces you to think / plan and remember.Great work.  Too bad so many gamers these days cant appreciate it, they are just spolied by the hand holding of todays games."
76561198228517888,Recommended,263640,21048223,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,timewarp47,"I got both  ghostship games in a bundle months ago so I'll do both at once.THe aftermath one was pretty horrendous if you were one of the 'what can I find to whinge about today brigade' then you could have died from overexposure with this one game alone.The game was awful when it comes to what most gamers had come to expect as a standard format with keybindings being non existant,a dodgy ai,clipping and the horrible permadeath.It was a waste of time if your looking for the meaning of life,but it was a great challenge if you could laugh at yourself and learn from your many,many deaths.There was plenty content to find if you could survive,it was after all a survival horror, it was indie, and it was one guy on his own.When I moved onto cdf  I found the time spent in aftermath had not been wasted as the ship was the same,the weapons were in the same place as were most of the enemies.I  also found in aftermath that you had to have a good enough weapon to get past the faster harder aliens in normal mode.The dev had learnt from aftermath I felt and in cdf gave a much more polished presentation,there was a better pathfinding ai,the lighting was better,the weaponry had increased and he had added to his story telling mode by lots of different formats like onslaught,skirmish and challenge modes to name  but a few of the extras he had added.As I found in aftermath with the right weapons you owned this ghost ship certainly in story mode.The advanced shotgun was great fun with a humongus magazine for a shotgun.Unlike aftermath the dev has got a lot right in this game and as long as you remembered to quick save you could then complete several really long in depth stories."
76561198066466454,Recommended,263640,28281054,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,LangenessMania,"Maybe it's just because I went in expecting the biggest load of crap that I ever laid eyes on, but I honestly didn't hate this game. In fact, I'd say that I'm glad that I bought it. Though the game does feel like it was made on a rather steep budget, I actually kind of enjoy the basic gameplay that it offers. Considering the price of your average game these days, this game isn't too expensive, though I'd still reccomend getting it on sale, if at all. To sum it up, it's not a bad game, but you're not missing out on anything if you don't play it."
,Recommended,263640,28210343,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Mammon's Ultramontane,"Most likely anyone who plays this game will call it ""unfinished,"" but I want to spin it a different way--I like to imagine this product slipped through the cosmic membrane of an alternate timeline in which it fell to The Room director Tommy Wiseau to direct Dead Space, and he went about it the only way he knew how, by throwing out an engrossingly baffling college try. In such a timeline, Tommy must have played a video game at least once--and he has. It was Half Life 2, and all he ever managed to do was fight a single headcrab and spend a thousand rounds of ammunition trying to kill it. This process struck him as so engaging and hilarious he mistook it as the entire game.Wouldn't it be fun if you did this, except on a Ghost Ship? On a ship packed full of smallish, snarling, leaping, attacking alien aphids, which you are free to attempt to shoot! But don't worry your head too much--in all likelihood these lurking horrors cannot path to you, though the corridors of the Ghostship are adjoined strictly at right angles only. Or maybe they'll attack through the wall without making a sound! The enemies spawn in randomly. If you are killed by a swarm, reload and they probably won't be there this time. The Ghostship AI will sometimes chime in to tell you a huge swarm is headed your way. Seconds later, you are killed by a wave of thrashing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you never see, and you reload the save to walk the corridor unaccosted, thinking to yourself, well, shoot, it sure would be horrifying if that were to have happened to me instead of this peaceful jaunt through the ghostship.You have to do objectives in the ghostship. And when you do them, you have to go to other places, randomly selected. You go to a spot in a room and find out you have to do something else instead in another part of the ghostship. Or you can explore on your own time and meet others like yourself--lost in the ghostship and seeking the last escape pod, voiced by people in an office in the middle of work who were harrassed with a microphone and an eclectic document that resembles a script.Suddenly, you may discover that the game has ended. You did a thing, then the credits interrupt the main villain midsentence! You can never know what will happen next on the ghostship.Basically this game is atrocious and I like it."
76561198006293417,Recommended,263640,31879113,Posted: 21 May,all,Critoniuum,"People are complaining for imo dumb things. Like gun placement. I have yet to beat the game, and will update my review when I do. But the first hour and a half have been relatively good. The shooting is solid, aiming is fine. Atmosphere is also great with some creepiness present as well.The main complaints I have are very small. Sometimes, its hard to figure out what you're suppose to do because listed objectives are a bit too simple in their instructions. Also, sometimes the voice triggers can be a little misleading. Minor problems however. I would recommend."
76561198040495310,Not Recommended,263640,15922483,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,LordBritishLP,"This game has good ideas that are poorly executed. The guns iron sights are inaccurate at best, but the worst thing about this game currently is the difficulty. Its not so much the amount of damage the enemies do but they move so fast they are hard to hit, and there hit boxes are weird, The worst part is the insect like enemies dive towards you, This gives you knock back, then they turn instantly and do the same to your back. This knocks you everywhere, which is frustrating and if there are more then 3, you are basically stun locked, and the enemies have even gotten stuck in my character model and repeatedly do damage. This would not be a problem, but it's happened a large number of times, not to mention the other bad bugs like, The mouse in inventory is hyper sensitive, and the camera has pop out of the character model a number of times. This is early access so I hope the Dev does a large number of updates to address these issues because this game needs a lot of work. As it stands right now, avoid this game like a rat during the black plague.Small update to this review. The game has slighty improved, the inventory now works and the enemy animations are better, however the game is still not worth it in my opinion, it still consists of saving and reloading because of small enemys bouncing you everywhere. It's a dam shame, I want to like it, but I just can't it's just too awful."
,Recommended,263640,35270647,Posted: 28 September,all,Weathermaker,"LIked it. Yes some frustration in combat and puzzle. Havent played it in a while. Pros - Atmosphere, Non-Linear, Random Plots. No regret to purchase. This is my type of game. Stress Relief"
76561197978782798,Not Recommended,263640,18418088,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Corvus Dove,"INITIAL REVIEW:Disappointing.   I got this with its sequel bundled.  The opening was very indie, which is fine, but then once I got out of the ship and into the hangar, my controls started to spin.  I checked calibration on my controllers (which I had no intention of using) and my joystick and throttle and none of them were sending the input needed to cause this, nor were they in non-neutral positions.  After doing some enabling and disabling of devices, I found that if any controller that wasn't a GamePad was plugged in, the game would look to the left and up, and spin.Wasted money, I'm not uninstalling my HOTAS setup just to play a budget game.FOLLOWUP REVIEW:Alright, I unplugged my controllers in order to be able to ensure the game got a proper review from me, as a matter of fairness.This game is the labor of love of one person.  Just one, and with that considered, it's pretty impressive as an endeavor.  Unfortunately, it is the labor of love of one person.   Just one, and with that considered, it's understandable why this game is essentially stuck with its sequel in the cheap-games bin.  It's an admirable attempt, and better than other one-man shows (please observe Derek Smart's 3000AD games for details), but falls short of being a good game.First, lets address the issue tied to the review above; controls.  The controls in this game are just wonky.   Any control pad detected will be enabled, and cannot be disabled.  For those with more than a basic controller setup, this requires dismantling your rig a little in order to be able to play the game.  The official response from the developer (via the forums) to the problem is to unplug the USB devices that are controllers you don't want to use.  That's a Windows XP era problem that we shouldn't have now.On the thread of controls, the controls in this game are a little odd.  You can't customize them mid-game; you must quit the game to its menu to change control assignments.   This is annoying, as it also deprives the player of quick reference keys for the controls.   Movement is slow, which makes sense (walking carefully with magnetized boots), but aim is weird.  The gun is held in a way that suggests you're holding it at face level, which makes aiming quite difficult against small targets.The hitboxes make little sense.   Zombie crewmen die if you shoot anywhere near their head, but you can put 20 rounds into a small alien and still miss it.  There are a lot of ""why is it not dead yet!!!"" moments.The last thing I want to address is the plot.  I was excited about this at first; a damaged hangar, then a couple of zombie crew in the hallway that looked more like mutations than proper zombies.  Just about anything could cause that.  This was like System Shock 1 when you wake up wondering why the medical equipment just tried to kill you, or Dead Space when you get chased down a hallway by the first bad guy.  Then there were eggs everywhere that looked like the egg pods from System Shock 2.  I dont' know what they do.  Then there were the aliens.  They're fast, small, and fragile, but the weapons provide enough difficulty aiming to make it possible to get hurt.  Easy stuff honestly, but at this point, I realized...I knew the plot.  The whole ship was infected with an alien bogeyman illness and it made zombies, and the aliens were there because enemy variety.   I finished the second mission, go talk to the AI in Operations, and sure enough, that's what she said.   Mystery solved.  From here on out, the game is DOOM Ultralite.  Fetch quest, unlock thingy, kill from point A to point B, unlock special prize lockers with passwords.That's the real disappointment here.  The game comes off in advertising like a mystery needs solving, but the AI spoonfeeds it to you.  If you're looking for a game version of Event Horizon, where the plot is slowly revealed through discovery, this game isn't it. Even System Shock, which dumps the ""SHODAN IS A ♥♥♥♥♥"" plot on you in the first few rooms, leaves minor stories throughout that cover how that happened and the final moments of crew members.   Instead, the game favors an RNG for enemy spawns, which gives up control of a lot of plot elements.Unfortunately, this game is a reminder that an open world game with nothing but discoverables isn't really open-world; its a game where the developer didn't add a directional marker.  I saw no real motivation to move throughout the ship, and I found myself really bothered by the plot for a reason I couldn't put my finger on.  Then I realized it: the AI said that the player is the only uninfected person aboard the ship.  A Military ship, containing the ""greatest threat"" the in-game military had ever faced.    Which, according to the AI, is in a ""decaying orbit"" (a sci-fi BS term that means that the ship is brushing the atmosphere of a planet and is slowing down, which will cause it to fall.  FYI, that's not orbiting, that's crashing).  With a perfectly functional heavy fighter in the hangar.  A real military officer wouldn't be trying to solve a damn thing...they'd get in the fighter, get to a stable orbit, and watch the plague ship and all that it is carrying burn up in the atmosphere as a matter of containment. The very things they would not do are disable the lockdown on the ship, try to get it back online, and then try to fly it to Earth.  Guess what you do?Bravo to the developer for all the work they did on their own, but the gaping plot hole, control difficulties, and some minor quality issues tied to being indie, I can't bring myself to recommend the game.  DOOM3 BFG Edition does it better, and is a AAA game that is not very expensive."
76561198056425139,Not Recommended,263640,24636357,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,konevg,"This is a very amateurish title. Bad graphics. Bad animations. Bad sound effects. Bad gameplay where you mostly shoot bugs which have taken over an entire ship. I must admit I am only playing this game for 2 hours and I really do not feel like seeing more of it. Lighting is bad. The flashlight is mounted on certain weapons only so if you want to light a dark area you have to equip the weapon with the flashlight. How stupid is that? Animations are bad. Those bugs that are attacking seem to have maybe 2 frames of animation. When you right click to aim there is no smooth animation. The player's hands just pop up in the middle of screen and back. Very bad.Everything would be forgiven but there is also no storytelling. Well maybe later in the game but my eyes hurt already from the blinking lights. I mean. you put one blinking light in a corridor and you create atmosphere. You put blinking lights everywhere and you feel it is absolutely necessary for an electrician to fix the lights before doing anything for the aliens.Bad game, but nice try if this is a first game. Maybe the second title will be better."
76561198302014258,Recommended,263640,33896550,Posted: 29 July,all,mindhiest1,"I downloaded this game not sure what to expect. having only 1 dev and not a team, and not having the big budgets that most of these games have. Truthly, I was pleasently surprized. I've played only an hour so far and the first 15 was getting a feel for the game. I started to enjoy playing the game. I like the open world aspect. the graphic are well done. If you are like me and like exploration  with random enemies and the ""oh I know there are 2 enemies around the corner"" then you will like this.  the game does have it qwerks. such as the aiming takes getting used to. if you are used to auto aiming and not getting a feel of how a new gun may fire, then you may have issues with the aiming, some of the guns are  a little big.  last the objectives could be clearer or a map provided. overall this game is well done for not having a team of developers, and for the price you will have fun."
,Not Recommended,263640,21676288,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,"Oh, Frog?","There are no animations for going into the ironsights or out, the ironsights on one of the guns differs from first aiming down them and shooting, the enemies aren't creative or fun, and the game felt overpriced in the end.In a way, I would call this an unimpressive Doom 3 clone. If you want a Doom game, get Doom 4 in a couple months from when I write this review.However, I do see that work went into it, and the voice actress did well for what was required from her, so good job on that. Good luck in the future, developers."
,Recommended,263640,25352229,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,NativeOne,"Graphics is good, an internal way point would have made getting around a little better (you are here) ..Able to re-assign keybinds -Great and is KEY to having pc gamers onboard .. you forget us we forget you (it's that simple) ..Story line was kind of cool, and did give the air of being alone ..Single players Should have manual save and load points, (it's our hard drive space) why not here?Over all very good, 'ghostship Aftermath' NOT so good .. aftermath is a wasted of (parden the pun) Space .."
76561197989074294,Not Recommended,263640,25741843,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,MrPhillips,"Although the game idea is great, the ai for some of the enemies is horrible. Its a frequent thing to see monsters get stuck runing into walls, and not turning around to fight you, even when you walk up behind them. AI need to be optimized before this game can be recomended"
,Recommended,263640,18367956,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Overdrive343,Dead Space as an FPS with an Aliens atmoshperic nausiating feeling.Some clunky infected animations and floaty player controls but it adds to the fear when you are running for your life down a corridor.I need more lights in my house.
76561198046663654,Recommended,263640,17475217,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Stu,Best game ever by a 1 man dev team from Blackpool
,Not Recommended,263640,19221957,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Sulemon First Sultan of Swing,"Ok. So, I'm not sure whether to reccommend this game, so I'll give you my experience and you decide.Startup game, go straight to options to adjust it to my computer. Find that there is NO options aside for master volume for audio. Resign myself to this fact. Start game. Long opening (skippable), explaining the situation prior to the game. I presume this game takes place after the previous CDF game, of which I have not played. I then start the game, on my first playthrough I selected regular difficulty, and allowed game tips. Big mistake there, they throttle you like the gas pedal on a speed demons car. I then pick up the pistol as the ai commanded. Then I left the room. This took about half a minute...Then I got a minute of loading. Then on my first playthough I grabbed the weapon on the floor, as commanded the ai, killed some enemies, and explored. The second playthrough I did the same, minus the exploring, and went straight to the stairwell to proceed. This took about another minute to do. Then I was greeted by a loading screen. Load screen done, I entered the next area, killed some enemies with maximum difficulty because I COULDN'T SEE THEM! Not because it was too dark, but because as soon as they got line of sight, they decided to make sweet sweet love with my butthold, using their tentacles. After a firefight that lasted 10 times the length it should have. In the first playthough I explored the area, which took ten minutes, because I mistook a doorway blocked with boxes for a wall. The second one I went straight there. In the first playthrough I soon realized when I reached this area that the game uses MONO audio, or something equivical to it. This thoroughly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, because I couldn't tell where the EXTREMELY LOUD enemies were coming from, and it's not like a spent nearly $300.00 on a 7.1 surround headset to listen to audio that's quality lead to it's discontinuation in the 70's. I completed the objective, and proceeded back to the stairs, where I was greeted by another loading screen. On my second playthough this was 3 minutes after the most recent load screen. I then went down a floor, and was greeted by another loading screen half a minute later...I hadn't seen this many loading screens since half life. My first playthough didn't make it this far, as I'd lost patience by that point, so the rest is second playthough. The fourth loadscreen in 10 minutes of gameplay that I'd had by then out of the way, I proceeded to stand in a room listening to an ai tell me that I have to kill 3 people. I proceeded to find the first in the armoury on the same floor, and was greeted by him shooting me, and quoting the game over scene from the alien series. I then peeked from cover and shot at this man, who didn't move, nor APPEAR to return fire. I say appear because I was then instant killed despite no sign of shots fired.To put it plainly, I am not mad...I'm just disappointed. I feel insulted by the quality of the game, which I can only assume was put out in one drunk lazy weekend. I feel plainly gouged by the price I paid for this game. I compare this to a game that I'd been playing along side it, Space Beast Terror Fright, which is a few dollars less, and a bit lighter on content, but in early access, and I feel it's a more complete game than this shambles of a mistake. I think I would like to take back what I said earlier about whether I reccommend this game. I don't. If it were free I'd say try it, but it's not, and it's overpriced for what it is. It's a steamy dump in a discarded paper cup that claims its coffee, and asks for $18.99. Don't buy it, it isn't good, and presumably will never be good."
76561198128473684,Not Recommended,263640,17469613,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Jordan,1. cant aim very well 2. small enemies tiny hit boxes moving really fast 3.i seemed to get launched down hallways when being attacked 4. where am i being attacked from?
76561197972317646,Not Recommended,263640,22653187,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,lee.nader,"I like the concept. It's gonna be an excellent game when it gets some much needed polish.Gripes:The weapon placement on screen.Some of them literally take up half the screen. It's sad canuse it takes away from being able to see the otherwise excellent looking game.Yeah, it's tough to hit enemies. Do I suck at games or are the hit boxes too small?Other things are minor things that can be fixed with spit and polish. A slightly clunky menu system / game nav. But nothing that would drive me away for good. I sincerely HOPE the dev sees these reviews, and comes back to this, instead of moving onto other projects.This game has excellent potential, and is being spoiled by minor things."
,Not Recommended,263640,20975417,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Soviet,"Good game worth a couple of bucks DO NOT pay full price. There's better games for less money.It's a neat idea. Would love a AAA version of this game. (neat idea being the rogueliek aspects)This game is a poor mans Doom 3. Poorly optimized and not very pretty, but it is indie.1st thing it is NOT realistic. Whoever wrote that in reviews needs to play better games.2nd thing it is kind edgy. You do get tense. I lasted maybe 15 minutes in my first run (i played it like any fps horror game conserve ammo and use the thing with recharging ammo.)3rd the enemies are a pain cause they are twitchy in a weird way (not a good way)  and its hard to hit them. But not for good reasons (i.e. they are sneaky or fast.) they are ahard to hit cause the gun fires wildly the sights are useless.  kneeling and aiming is useless. the blasts randomly go places and the enemies randomly bounce.Player Nakor has the best review of this game i will copy a couple of his points:ShootingShooting can be painful.Guns that do not reload but recharge instead are nice, but there is no clear indication of this which can definitely be a problem in battle.Hitting what you shoot at is often difficult because the enemy hit boxes are too small or oddly shaped, and the guns are horribly inaccurate.The UI is not well designed (yet?) and does not indicate well your reserves of ammo.EnemiesHaving a few enemies be annoying is fine, but when the majority of your enemies are based around being annoying you have a problem.Tiny enemies with tiny hit boxes moving around fast with inaccurate weapons = This is dumb, I'll play another game."
76561197994925383,Not Recommended,263640,16745713,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Gerald,"Another really bad game. So mant things that make this unplayable.Graphics, controls,  Weapons that seem ineffective. I could go on, but would rather just say, don't buy this. I'm removing this from my drive. I have so much better to play."
76561197973170322,Recommended,263640,16422185,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,[FF]DeatHPuncH,Great sci-fi horror game!
,Not Recommended,263640,19875187,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,vodkins,"This game is unbalanced, dark and ""no clue what to do"" one. I choosed most easy difficulty and turned game tips on. Anyway i am die too often in searching where i need to go. There is no actual map or journal and you will roam endless corridors trying to find that damn Cargo Hold! Why in that future that hero don't have any DataPad or personal PC or else to look at whole Ship's map to find out main locations? This is so unrealistic! Monsters will run at you in a huge masses and you will spend all you ammo on them without killing all of them (because they are made from very solid concrete - even small bugs and worms:). Even on most easy skill, even in almost very beginning of the game - YOU WILL DIE! Why in hell this game is so difficult? Why we can choose Easy skill? I think it is for whom who do not want to be in permanent dying from the beginning... Where is IMMERSION? Just imagine that you spent all of you ammo (and you collected a lot of new weapons and ammo before) but they are still alive and new ones are coming and coming in masses! But you don't have a melee weapons at all and you endless rifle recharges toooo slow. With what i must kill them? With bites and spits?:) You even can't do a kick/punch. Also you can't escape them because they are much faster than you and will corner you and eat you for 100500% Cool, yeah? Die most stupid way simulator ever made with most stupid but very quick and most tought monsters ever! Can it be more absurd?Also you can't see any game options without complete exiting to the main menu. Resuming game will reload you last checkpoin instead of you last manual quicksave - very stupid, who will play the same parts if he already saved his further progress? Digital mastrubation? No crosshair at all in that complete darkness. Ok, maybe on higher skills and not in Easy too? And so and so... Nice concept, spooky atmosphere, cool graphics... But that ugly unbalanced gameplay kills all wishes to play further. If i will want some challenge - i will play System Schock 2 again, for example. That game is fair.Not recommend until complete rebalance will be made. Author killed his game himself. It should be very immersive atmospheric game. But when they begin to scream, run like flies around you and bites you to dead - no, it become deadly hillarious. Make ""Easy"" really easy for noobs/lazy ones like me. That will be fair. Do not spawn hordes of monsters in the very beginning - that ruin all immersion. Lower HP of some monsters which are looks like small bugs but can't be killed by whole clip. Make DataPad or make Journal/Tips little useful - at least on Easy again. Why you want me to be killed so fast and so ugly way? I feel myself cheated and injured... 3 from 10.P.S. Found solution to bring balance to this peace of code:*\SteamApps\common\CDFGhostship\Engine\Config\BaseInput.ini[Engine.Console]ConsoleKey=Tildein game press Tildetype Godpress EnterBut this didn't helped to bring back interest to the game. I am on high speed train to ""Uninstall"" station..."
76561197974411838,Not Recommended,263640,33289984,Posted: 5 July,all,Featherstone,"Horrible game, in fact, is this even a game? Theres no discernable objective."
76561198157656224,Not Recommended,263640,15670078,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,mbent5150,"THIS GAME COULD BE AWSOME , but as it stands now i would not buy it again the aliens look like big cockaroches very cheesy.  also the weapons are pretty much worthless except for the shotgun the graphics are pretty bad also. If i had to do this all over again i would not. Go invest your money in dead space 3 a much better game or alien isolation or go play for free ghost recon oh phantoms i forgot name change. the play awful u get zombies and bugs running into walls doing nothing at all. its just a terrible game if u have ever played a really good game u wil  hate this one for sure its not just me my friends all said the same thing also."
,Recommended,263640,16375733,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Glaice,"Even with the tiny amount of time I put into this game, I see a lot of promise in this title as it gives a great sense of desolation and does a good job with the atmosphere, remniscent of Dead Space and System Shock 2 titles. If you like sci-fi horror and shooters, give this one a try and its exploration focused version of it Ghostship Aftermath."
76561197971780565,Not Recommended,263640,18170672,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Fields of Barley,"This is a really poor FPS trading off the amazing reputation earned by the Alien and Dead Space franchises. The atmospherics are a very third rate, and one feels no fear at all within the supposed ghost ship. It is like Quake or Doom in sophistication but with low lights and smoke. And the first aliens one encounters start with...err...rather large fleas which nibble at you. Dont buy this disappointing game it might put you off the scifi space horror genre - go for Dead Space or Alien: Isolation. The latter is the current state of the art in 2015 and it is mind-bogglingly good. FoR"
,Recommended,263640,25325606,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,☬ Artamis the Wall ☬,"The title screen music screams epic, I can see a wonderful game brewing just below the shifting of my gun sights and even having played so... worm :rip:... little. Hmm... A feeling not unlike just about every off the table FPS, purposeful yet so full of... worm:rip:... Hmm... full of... (sholder glance)... hate. As it stands with just about every FPS since the great un-happening and you can plainly see from the shape of my hud representative there's something... something. For now I'll muttle through as much as I can with the little pokes at the corners of my screen :rip:... worm. ""This game.""Challange modes... someone turn the goddamn steamogi's on... >_<P.S. I'm not sure what this Gamma option is or where the word came from but you just slide that over into the ""on"" position and this is a working demo, and I can't wait for more... Actual space suit."
76561198043088719,Not Recommended,263640,23402382,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,wyldwillie,terrible. graphics. gameplay. etc. sorry i bought it.
76561198004488920,Recommended,263640,30121215,Posted: 23 February,all,The Black Douglas ®,"Well what can i say?.... For a mere 5 pounds atm in sale... Its superb fun and one o the scariest games iv played... Now ul know how  Ripley felt walking down those corridors... lolAnd adding even more too the fear factor the flashlight only , to no light is rather terrifying all on its own...Some v good graphics also makes this a great wee shooter a bit like aliens and dead space and so much more...Hf all and GL""!...:D"
,Not Recommended,263640,18683383,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,trucker_xxx,This game is absolutely awful.Don't waste your hard earned cash.
,Not Recommended,263640,17654423,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,ebu,Wass refunded instantly. Thanks!
76561197995616004,Not Recommended,263640,16893653,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,PeePantsTHE cLOWN,Can i get my money back!?
,Recommended,263640,14524618,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,LIKEUCARE,"What is CDF Ghostship?It is a mix between the good old System Shock 2, Dead Space, Doom and even at times, Alien: Isolation. As of now, you can only play as one character in the story mode until the marine releases down the line. So, you are a pilot that has boarded a ship where some nasties are running around, waiting to be exterminated!The difference here from Ghostship Aftermath is you seem to be alone in this game, contrary to Aftermath where you could have directives from your partner then the AI or not at all! Well, maybe that changes later?Aside of the story mode, the game offers an onslaught mode which can be appealing to horde mode lovers! The skirmish mode is fun but get's repetitive eventually! Challenge mode tests your skills in the game but I didn't liked that mode much, especially since the controls aren't that responsive in this game, just like the previous title Aftermath. When being stuck in items on the floor and hinders your movements, that irritates me A LOT!The last game mode, simulation, is quite cool indeed. You get to explore the ship from a choice of fixed scenarios or you can simply roam the ship, map the areas in your mind. I was surprised to see a few enemies though!I'll sum up the pros and cons so you can get a better overview and decide for yourself whether or not to get this game.PROS:+Solid Atmosphere (similar to Ghostship Aftermath and also, reminds me of System Shock 2).+Various Game Modes (Story, Skirmish, Challenge, Onslaught and the best in my opinion; Exploration).+Decent Replayability.+Infinity ammo for some weapons but takes time to recharge.*On GhostShip Aftermath, the game offered different playthroughs but here in CDF Ghostship, the startup and miway through the story mode seemed to spawn the same elements around. Maybe it changes near the end or with the second character? Sadly, I can't put this on the PRO yet since that part is incomplete.+Predictable Story but how can you be original when something that has gone wrong in a ship or space station happens yet again?+Controls are improved from GhostShip Aftermath. Aiming works most of the time!CONS:-Price is steep for the game. I do recall buying it in December 2014 and the price was around 10$ but now, 22$ the game asks.-Many technical glitches. Granted the game is in BETA and Early Access so it can be understandable. It is more serviceable than GhostShip Aftermath though! But I keep getting stuck on ground items that hinders backtracking when enemies are rushing in my face. Very annoying!-The running speed is not long enough. Is your character in such a bad health or something? Can't run more than FIVE SECONDS?!? Weak!-Cannot remap or just see the controls while in pause? WHY!-Weak graphical settings (Limited graphical options. Only three resolutions available. No eye candy as you are used to in any modern games. Can't even change game settings when in-game.-Visually and animation speaking, it is very lackluster. I know this is a BETA INDIE game and its easy to pick negatively at the graphics. Still, I've seen indie games with better visuals and CDF Ghostship looks like it was made back in 2004.-Auto save only. Can't save the game manually.-Zombie/worm-slug-spider sound glitch that can still be heard after you killed the monster. Only way to make it stop was to quit and reload the game. (That was present on Aftermath and is occuring here as well). Very irritating!-Same enemies throughout the whole game. Same twitchy movements and even walk/crawl through walls.OVERALL:CDF Ghostship is a much more improved ""GhostShip Aftermath"". The game still has many faults but with its beta & early access phase, it can only improve upon before the full release. Like Aftermath, CDF has a good concept and some very good ideas. However, many things hold it back. It is still a commendable work the developer(s) [unsure if Shaun is alone in this or not like Aftermath] did on this project and hopefully the dev(s) can only improve before the full release.Biggest irritants to be fixed:-Glitches/bugs,-Controls,-Adding options in the pause menu,-Increase the running time,-Modern visuals.RECOMMENDATION:I recommend to wait on this title before the launch. With the inconsistencies, glitches and bugs, you would be better to wait until the game is out of early access at least. Besides, I find the 22$ price tag steep for what you get here. I'd say that my best recommendation would be to play System Shock 2 and/or Alien: Isolation until this game is ready.But, you always get it now and see for yourself how the development progress though! I can honestly say that CDF is much improved from GhostShip Aftermath. So get CDF on a sale and give it a shot!RATING:6.0 / 10PS. Just like GhostShip Aftermath review, I do not own any VR equipment at the moment so I cannot comment on that matter here. HOWEVER, I imagine playing this game in Oculus should enhance the experience considerably."
76561197970546102,Not Recommended,263640,16284728,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,/MB\,"Terrible graphics, sound, and movement.  No lean.  Critters are too fast, no way to back up and engage them.  Frustrating piece of garbage that is just 2 patches from release?  Time to try out the new refund feature of Steam."
,Not Recommended,263640,18329748,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Corrosion,Totally disappointing. Refunding now.
76561198040697277,Recommended,263640,13019969,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Battenkill,"Great 'good ol' fashioned' FPS, with actully hard swarms of aliens. Very, very fun... 9/10"
76561198045679508,Recommended,263640,13816042,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,dawulf43,In the options menu you should be able to adjust the mouse speed. Also when you hit the pause menu it should pause the game. also directions in game should be more specific. like it told me to go to bridge but when got to bridge didnt know what to do.
76561198042445896,Recommended,263640,12712328,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,jemhadar93,"I think this game shows promise, but it could use some improvements in a few areas like:Don't show the aliens right away, just start with the zombies, also have the PA system say ""unknown life-forms detected"" instead of ""alien life-forms detected"".Don't have enemies show up so early, a sense of isolation will ramp up the tension, maybe have a strange noise here, a moving shadow there. it is a ghost ship after all.Have the console interfaces match the consoles you click on.And lastly a built in flashlight and manual save feature would be nice.As I said this game could be something great, And I am very excited!"
76561197988160274,Recommended,263640,13211044,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,My Mate Monty,"Got this game when first released into early access .Back then it had  very little story content and  a few ideas that really needed fleshing out  a bit . Key bindings  back then were  non  existant  and the game would be ok  provided  you were right handed .There was no inventory as such  and  Video resolutions  were as rare as hens teeth, while  the graphics  left some margins for improvements.Since its release into EA however the Dev has worked hard on the game and improved it with a steady stream of updates.We now have an inventory,bindable keys, many more resolutions and graphics that can be turned up or down according to your rig.The storyline  is now completed with three variations on the endings.You can play at your own level and pace with three difficulty levels ranging from Easy through normal to nightmare.The dev does not spoon feed you and finding information  to move  the game forward  requires  you to explore the ghostship seeking out clues, weapons and goodies.There to stop you doing this are a  raging bunch of  alien monsters and mutant infected crew members and you will certainly die a few times before getting into the swing of it.Although some of the battles can be very intense with seemingly endless streams of aliens  coming at you ,there is an auto  save point at the last airlock you passed through, in all the  difficulty modes.The few ideas that needed fleshing out a bit have now become completed versions  in Onslaught mode,Challenge mode,skirmish mode  and Simulation. All these modes have 4 or 5 variations within  each of them so there is plenty to get your teeth into  for the majority of gamers.I would  recommend this game to those that enjoy a challenge and having to use their powers of observation and deduction. They must be prepared  however  for  the many jump scares  that  are sometimes just  around the corner on  this  CDF Ghostship?"
