user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,264140,11514180,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Auburok,"I played this a bunch when my internet was out since it was relatively small (~200 MB) and wouldn't kill my phone's data plan to tether and install. Because of this, my time played isn't accurate - I have about another 10 hours in this game and currently on day 13 of my second save.Anyway, on with this. First off, there's a lot to like here:-Pirates-Roguelike-Customizeable crew and ship-Characters level up, have equipment and skills-Freeform explorationBut it's just not very good. I waited until it was out of ""early access"" in hopes to avoid a lot of problems, but alas, here I am. Anyway, the bad:-Only the captain is able to follow orders directly - group orders for crew is haphazard at best.-Crew that learn skills for the ship (cooking, cleaning) will do them on their own accord. In other words: even if the food stores are full of uncooked food and you have a cook, if he's too busy punting♥♥♥♥♥♥off the side of the ship he won't go near it. This has improved with 1.0.5, but can still be an issue for pirates with multiple skills for the ship.-Cooks sometimes won't cook food. So your ship starves to death for absolutely no reason. As it stands in my save now I have around 40 in fish that's uncooked in barrels, with 3 cooks refusing to do anything.(This has been fixed as of 1.0.5 - pirates that don't have the ability to fish or clean but can cook will now do so)-Multiple crew with the ""cleaning"" skill doesn't make the job go faster. They all scuttle after the same turd and fight over it.-Managing more than a few crew is a nightmare when it comes to moral and hunger.-""Animals"" tend to charge in to battle. This includes chickens you're rasing for eggs. They don't survive long, and don't listen to orders very well. This makes capturing animals borderline pointless because they will suicide at the first chance they get when your ship gets boarded.-Custom ship designs tend to screw up pathfinding for your crew. Expect to get stuck. A lot. Don't worry, though! If you grind your ship down to a nub it'll probably fix. Also, the dimensions aren't clear. You'll be building this sweet skiff and all of a sudden you're unable to build in a direction anymore, so you have to restart your design taking in to account this invisible wall. I'd like a grid or something, please.-It's easier to pump up a captain and have him handle mobs of enemies, since he listens to orders.-Combat, both island and ship to ship is largely ""rinse and repeat"". Cannons are fired in a short volley and then sides clash. Fun for the first few hours, gets kind of grating. No events or anything to speak of so far, at least in my playthroughs.-Many of the items found don't work properly. Sushi, for example.-The sound effects get old real quick. ""JOLLY ROGER. JOLLY ROGER. JOLLY ROGER. JOLLY ROGER.""-The inventory gets cumbersome when you pick up a lot of items. It requires a trip to the store to be able to see all of the things you're carrying.-Bounty hunter dialogs are slow and interrupt the player when walking around town. Yes, I know I'm on a ""quest"", stop telling me. On top of that, bounties don't have a set range, and sailing 30 tiles on the map for a bounty is silly.-Pirates aside from captain will render behind the pirate ships, making it very difficult to track your party. New pirates added to the crew after this bug happens will render properly. There is no way to revert the bug via loading or restarting the game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=295086852-Cannons end up severing parts of the ship you're firing at, which makes boarding a problem since pirates can't cross ""destroyed"" tiles.-I beat the four legendary pirates, but one of the encounters didn't have a captain. I can't ""beat"" the game with this save now as I had no prompt for beating the four pirates and the bay I'm looking for was never marked or mentioned after doing so.Most of this would be better without the bugs, so there's at least hope that'll be enjoyable in the future. Wait for them to fix the game; don't bother with a discount if the problems never get ironed out because it's really frustrating to play a game that is mostly ""difficult"" due to bugs. Like I said: I was hoping this game wouldn't be the bug-fest I heard it was when they finally pushed out of ""early access"", but that's not the case.I'll update this review as things change."
,Not Recommended,264140,32278383,Posted: 8 June,all,dropxofxpoison,"First off, this is the first negative review I have ever left on a game. But, since I have owned this game for several years and have completed it in its entirety, I think I gave it a fair chance and that my opinion of it is well-justified.I got this game years back whenTerrariadevelopers gave out coupons promoting this title. I decided, ""Why not?"" and purchased it. At first, it wasn'tsobad. There were problems I kept running into, and it was annoying when my little pirates would fall off the side of the boat for no reason or while mid-grapple and consequently drown to death really early in the game. However, I endured it because it wasn't that big of a deal, and I thought the game had some real potential. But the problems kept mounting, and the updates stopped coming. Eventually, it became clear to all of us that the developer abandoned it in its terrible state and went on to create something else.I ditched the game for a long time to play more interesting and polished titles before forcing myself to return to it in order to get the remaining achievements I needed. It was a painful experience. Now, I kind of wish it wasn't in my game history at all. (Actually, I'm sorry to say that I'm embarrassed to own it.) Needless to say, I'm going to avoid this developer's future work.Fair warning to you if you're considering purchasingPixel Piracy: Don't buy it unless it's extremely cheap during a sale. I'm not the first person to voice these complaints, and there's a good reason for it."
76561197998163696,Not Recommended,264140,12571451,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Shaft,"An unfinished, unpolished gem. This could be a really good game, though even after the full release, the game is riddled with bugs and is generally not an enjoyable experience. Many other reviews cover that. This game is a perfect example of the downfalls of early access.One of the developers said this on the forums in response to their supposed shady development:Vitali Kirpu [developer]: ""We are not shady, we have alot of funds to fund pixel piracy development    for the next 1-2 years or so.My point is that it doesnt matter for us if the game is early access or full release, updates will keep coming untill nobody ever plays the game.""Take that however you want.. To me it say's ""keep buying our unfinished game, and in 1-2 years you may have the privilege of a finished product""it's an interesting glimpse of the truth of early acsess on steam. For the few good games that have thrived from early access, we as a community are left with hundreds of games just like pixel piracy.Disappointing.*Update*I'll be fully updating my review once the game is finally completed. A quick glance at the community hub revealed the game to still be riddled with bugs. If the final product is good, i'll recommend it. Untill then, I am reserving any positive judgement."
,Not Recommended,264140,11519720,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,骰子~,"So normally I would write a more concise review analyzing a game, and looking at all the good parts of it but also all of it's faults. Pixel Piracy is this special case where I absolutely adore the concept it delivers and the gameplay, but the execution is so god damn awful I can't bring myself to play it anymore, I wanted to play it to the end and explore everything, have a massive powerful crew that would dominate the seven seas. Instead we're left with a game that, to put it simply, is badly made. It doesn't work, and yet it 'released' mere days ago. Anyway, here's a list of about everything wrong with this game that will ruin your experience. Some issues may not seem important but do realize that all of them create unfair situations where the player is not at fault and yet the game will end up punishing them anyway or worse, just straight up giving them a situation they cannot get out of because of the god awful AI. So, here's the list.-Crew members acknowledge orders for maybe 1 second before ignoring it and going back to doing something that will probably get them killed or worse-Categorizing Crew members doesn't help much because giving them orders is a waste of time when they continue to do whatever the hell they want anyway. This can lead to crew members with no combat experience or health running out against high level pirates for no good reason. The above point also means that no matter how many times you try to move the low level crew member away from combat, they'll still just run back in and get themselves killed.-Your designated cook refuses to cook because you gave him a secondary job role and he's decided that's more important than cooking food for the captain or any of your crew which leads to the unfair death of you or your crew for no good reason other than the fact your cook decided that patching up the tiny bit of damage the ship took is more important than keeping the crew alive. The same goes for the cook having other jobs like Fishing. The same also happens if they're using interactable furniture like a Card set or Set of Swords. Apparently getting that straight flush is more important than helping your captain not starve to death. The same issue can also occur just from having your ship docked at an island, I don't know why it just bloody does.-Crew members who refuse to eat even when he's starving to death and you do actually have supplies of food. This relates to the above problem, if they have any kind of job or they're interacting with something menial, they will refuse to eat even when they're low on health because of starvation. This leads to numerous deaths.-Having multiple people who use cannons and multiple cannons and yet all of the crew members will use the same single cannon which makes it completely redundant, also half of the time a person who can use cannons simply won't for no reason-Crewmembers in combat refusing to target the enemy you picked for more than a second before choosing their own choice, which most of the time is the enemy with the most health instead of focusing down the person you just spent the last 30 seconds wittling down.-Ultimate skills are trash, it's impossible to tell when they're actually being used and that's because most of the time they're never being used, they're pointless and in 30 hours of playing I have only seen a crew member use one once, and it was useless-Selling cargo is useless and yields such a pathetic amount of gold. This is a game based around piracy, where people stole cargo from others to explot for themselves or sell for riches. In this however, you can steal hundreds of weapons, food and all sorts of other stuff and your reward for doing so is 1 gold per weapon no matter how powerful it is.Pixel Piracy is one of the most annoying games I have ever played. It doesn't listen. I don't think I've ever had to complain about a game not listening to me, where the AI is so brain dead that the simplest of concepts is beyond them, and it always ends up punishing you, for the developers misgivings. I can't recommend this game, please don't buy it in it's current state. This review was written as of version 1.0.4Also it took them all the way til 1.0.0 to add quest markers.Really?"
76561198054749432,Not Recommended,264140,28320545,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,GungHoSOB,"The game has been abandoned in an uplayable state. -DO NOT BUY-. A game breaking bug exists whre the Captain (player character) will get stuck and unable to move, meaning no further progress into the game. This happens arounf level 9. The developers have been silent on this issue long enough to assume the game has been abandoned in its current state. -DO NOT BUY-"
,Recommended,264140,8213439,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ceej12,"Pixel Piracy can be a tough, unforgiving game. There are bugs, and you should expect from an Early Access game, but most of these can be avoided. When you begin a new game, you start on an island with everything you need to get started: a tavern to hire people; a weapons shop to buy better weapons; a food shop to buy some basic food; and a ship building shop where you can buy blocks to be used for your ship. You also start with enough blocks to build a small raft, which will be your ship for until you want to spend the money for more blocks (or by pillaging conquered ships). Using your first small raft, you and your early crew will pillage islands and ships to gather gold and supplies, which can be used to hire more crew, buy food, etc. While you explore the seas, you will come across inhabited islands that have services you can buy from (these islands are identified by a special icon). These islands will often have materials you couldn't find on other islands; for example, a cannon can't be bought on the starting island, but a few other islands may have some for purchase. The same applies to foods, parts, weapons, and crew members. There are various professions that crew members may have. Sailors are needed to keep the ship clean; fighters have bonuses when attacking; cooks prepare raw foods into better quality foods; first mates will take over the ship if the captain dies, allowing you to keep playing if you die; and there are many more, all having unique abilities that will keep your ship running and the gold coming in. Each crew member also has special traits that affect their strengths and weaknesses; some traits are good (loyal, gunslinger, etc.) and others aren't as helpful (traitor, weak, etc.). Each crew member, including yourself, have an inventory that consists of an item slot (where you can add armor, extra ammo, self-destruct bombs, etc.), a weapon slot, where you can add one of the various types of melee weapons (cutlasses, short swords, spears, etc.) and another slot for an additional weapon, either an extra melee weapon or a ranged weapon (pistol, throwing knife, etc.). The crew is also going to be one of your main problems: you need to pay them. And some crew member will require a lot of pay to keep them happy. But by pillaging enough ships and islands, you should be able to keep up with the expense. Just keep in mind that this game is unforgiving: if the captain dies, the game is done, and you need to restart from the beginning (though a recent update at the time of this review added a mode where dying doesn't delete the save).I would rate this game an 7/10.+ Lots of fun to be had.+ The graphics complement the feeling of the game.+ Customizable ships and crew.- Some bugs, but this isn't really a bad thing, this being an Early Access game.- Could be very frustrating, depending on your attitude."
76561197988167677,Recommended,264140,9468679,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,P_to_the_A_T,"When the Terraria devs posted this game on FB I knew I had to buy it. I wanted to try it for a half hour or so last night before bedtime (10pm), but I couldn't put it down till 4am. Today I'm writing this review at work, and I'm super tired after just a few hours of sleep (probably won't get a lot done today). And yet...I REGRET NOTHING!!!!I have been a gamer for 20+ years, played countless indie games, and I can tell you that this game (even in early access/alpha) is a true gem. In terms of fun and addictiveness, I would rank this game right up there with other indie classics who I've spent hundreds of hours with: like Terraria, Hotline Miami, To The Moon, and Faster Than Light.HERE ARE A FEW THINGS TO NOTE IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING BUYING THIS GAME:- Are there bugs?If you would consider a high level of difficulty, steep learning curve, and a lackluster tutorial to be ""bugs,"" then sure there are bugs. It seems to me like that's the only bugs people are talking about. ""OMG I died in my first encounter, so buggy."" ""I can't figure out how to do anything, too many bugs."" THOSE AREN'T BUGS. In my first 5 or 6 hours of play, I only encountered one actual bug: the game froze up a bit, but I lost no progress as I was able to re-load.- What's it like?Pixel Piracy borrows a lot from other successful, indie roguelikes. It's actually like a mix between Faster Than Light, Terraria, and Sword of the Stars: The Pit. It borrows a lot of concepts from all three games, adds in a few new ideas, and throws it all together in a pirate setting.You travel the world in search of crew, plunder, ship parts, and weapons until you have the most powerful ship in the sea (or galaxy, like Faster Than Light). You travel around a randomized world map in your ship, you click on a spot on the map where there could be a special event, an island, a town, an enemy ship, and etc. Once you have traveled there, that opens up some new spots on the map to explore, and the further out you go, the harder it gets (and there's better plunder). In battle, you have 3 options: flee, blow them away from a safe distance, or board their ship and fight em' up close. All of that is very much like FTL.But unlike FTL, you must build your own custom ship block by block, from the hull to the sails it's all in your hands. This reminds me a lot of building a house in Terraria; there are a lot of things that you will put in your home/ship that have a very specific use and function of course (cannons, ladders, lamps, barrels), but you always end up spending even more time making it look cool, right? Also, there are bosses (huge ships full of bloodthirsty pirates and cannons) on every map. It would be most unfortunate if you just randomly came across them and died, but you are able to see very clearly where they are on the map. Terraria also has many bosses that you can choose to fight when you feel that you're ready.What ship would be fit to sail without a crew? In Pixel Piracy, you must learn to expertly manage a crew of dangerous, unruly, mangy pirates. I can't imagine how that could ever be an easy task. You must keep them fed, paid, happy, clean, and safe. If you fail at any of these task, things will not go well for you. In my opinion, it's much more profitable to train them and keep them alive than it is to replace them. You are also in charge of leveling up and maintaining each individual crew member's abilities: putting points into certain traits, training them to learn new skills, and equipping them with weapons, armor, and items. If anyone reading this has ever played Sword of the Stars: The Pit, all of this should be sounding familiar. Except that you have a whole crew to manage instead of just your captain.- Just how ""Roguelike"" is it exactly?Although it has a lot of FTL (and SPAZ) features like a procedurally generated maps, randomized encounters, and permanent deaths, you can still reload your save from before you died. So even though you don't respawn after death (like Terraria), you also don't die and completely lose all of your progress (like FTL). This is probably a good middle ground to be in for this particular game. Considering that you will spend a LOT more time in Pixel Piracy customizing/upgrading your crew/ship than you would in FTL (which is a shorter game by nature), it's nice that you can re-load your previous save after you're killed in a CRAB BATTLE (not even kidding, those freakin' crabs will drown you man). But at the same time, there is no such thing as a roguelike with respawns. Roguelikes are all about making tough, strategic, and irreversible decisions. If you could just respawn after death, it would completely ruin the whole experience. I wouldn't even be opposed to your save file being erased after death like other roguelikes, but I'm just masochistic like that.- What tips do I have for you?Don't look anything up. Watch the trailer, look at the screenshots, read the game description, check out a few reviews... then just start playing and don't look back. Don't alt-tab to google and try to search for all the answers, FIGURE IT OUT. I'll admit, a game that doesn't spell everything out for you and hold your hand through the early stages is indeed very old fashioned. This is one of those old school games where you learn by trial and error. How do I get my crew to clean up all this poop on the ship? How do I keep them fed? How do I take on ships that are bigger than mine? FIGURE IT OUT. When you highlight certain items, the description may not necessarily tell you what it does. So buy it and find out. When you come across an island with some shady looking characters you've never seen before, you may not be sure if you can take them or not. Well it's a roguelike, so YOLO. What does that shrine do? What does that potion do? What does that ability/skill do? Try it and find out; it's a lot more fun to learn it on your own.- Should I buy this game?YES"
,Not Recommended,264140,12459777,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Jacq,"I'm surprised this isn't Early Access, as it feels incomplete as-is and suffers a few game-breaking bugs. Skills and items, like Ship Repair and Chicken Nests, are obviously not finished/implemented into the game. There are also a few odd design choices that affect the game balance. Certain buffs are able to be applied to all crew members and stack, therefore making the game an odd one where it gets exponentially easier as it goes on. The first island should not feel more difficult than the final boss(es), imo.Gameplay wise, it's surprisingly similar to FTL. The ship combat and map, at least, have a lot of the same feel. You hire crew (which you have to keep healthy, happy, and fed), and you sail around plundering. There are three location types in the game - islands, towns, and other ships. Within those three, there are a few different flavours (cannibals or hags on islands, big ships or little ships, towns wih differing supplies). With the exception of a few bounty hunter fetch quests, and an option at the beginning to toggle a plague (which I didn't), there are no other events or surprises in the game. It starts to feel remarkably similar after a while, but more content should be on the way. The goal is to beat up progressively tougher opponants for progressively better loot, until you fight the final four bosses (conveniently spread WAY OUT across the huge map). Defeat them, and you get a cute song and the ability to continue playing. I'd suggest watching the cute song on Youtube and buying FTL.About 14 hours to complete Campaign mode on Beginner settings. I'd say around 3 of those hours (at least) was spent sailing - ie browsing the web in Steam's overlay, and closer to 8 hours if you don't count restarting after bugs/crashes (e.g. reloading caused my first mate to become captain while my captain was still alive, neither could progress).All that said, it's not a BAD game. I enjoyed it, but have no desire to play it any longer as is. When it's done, it'll probably be a pretty fun open world pirate sim. It definately has charm and personality. Certainly it's not worth the price right now, in Oct 2014. Check it out in a year and see where it's at."
,Not Recommended,264140,11534355,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Sly Fly,"Yet another miscarriage provided by early access system is upon us.Do not believe the release date - the game is as raw as a game can possibly be and features lack of any balance, tons of bugs and deleted features.Examples of bugs:- Crew refusing to leave the enemy ship;- Enemy crew spawning on inaccessible parts of ship, making it impossible to kill them or escape the encounter;- Crew spawning on inaccessible parts of your own ship after each and every change of loading screens. They refuse to jump off as well;- Game despawning he island before despawning the actors when changing scenes from island to open sea. May be easily exploited by approaching the same island several times - after 3 or 4 times all island actors will be drowned;- Crew suddenly clipping through the hull and drowning for no obvious reason;- Crew attempting to ""clean"" their crewmates by kicking them off the ship;- PRESS SPACE TO INTERACT above all other windows, including the tutorial window;- When playing on low resolutions, long lists of the goods for sale will be offscreen;- Gunners loading the cannons with bombs endlessly. My personal record - 19 bombs loaded in a single cannon;- many others I did not mention.Balance issues:-Game difficulty wildly varies and even with 15+ crew with highly trained skills and above 50+ lvl I tend to avoid 5lvl+ encounters, since at least five of my crew tends to die during those encounters;- Rate of morale and hunger decrease varies wildly from version to version;- There is literally no new content in shops of lvl 5 and higher. Since you visited the lvl 4 shop - you saw everything that game has to offer you. Max level of shops are 8, by the way;- Crew tends to do everything, but not the things you need them to do. Fishermen will train, new pirates will just idle and cooks prioritise cleaning over cooking which quickly leads to crew starving cause fish was not caught, new pirates in crew dying in first encaunter since training areas occupied by slacking fishermen and once again crew starving to death while there are tons of uncooked food on board. And there is literally nothing you can do about it;- A single crew member can capture the 8lvl+ ship with proper equipment and training. At this point I just reverted back to captain-solo gameplay on a little boat, discarding all the crew.Deleted features:-Food no longer spawn on enemy ships for whatever reason;-Shackles are available for purchase in shop, promising the ability to capture prisoners during the boarding. Function was never implented, yet the item exists;- Social encounters, featuring the change of relationship between your crew.I could add much more to this list, but I am just done. I have no more willpower to force myself through this horrible and frustrating experience.This is not a proper release, it is just developers feeding off the release status hype and discounts related to it.Those slackers are so bold that they even show it as something great and to achieve - look at the news. It was just few days since release and they already published 5 hotfixes, while shouting on each corner that they are working hard for their players.Yeah, they released a first hotfix 40 minutes after release. Second hotfix several hours later. Yeah, for me it souns that they are hardly working, actually.It is just insulting to post unfini"
76561198069592683,Recommended,264140,13874079,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,MLG Kuriboh,"Most of these negetive reviews were from many months ago, but I feel like a lot of progress has been made in this game. I for one find it very fun.+ I really enjoy how you get to build your own pirate ship out of parts you plunder or buy. It is very fun to do that and you can take pride in your ship, but also you can capture other ships you find and abandon your creation.+ Another great aspect is how you get to hire your own crew. There are tons of randomly generated people on the islands to hire and it is basically like having a follower in an RPG game, but you control them at the same time.The exploration is pretty great and very enjoyable, through finding peaceful islands to ones swarming with hostile natives, or attacking enemy ships on the seas. You can find great loot almost always which is a good incentive to keep exploring, so you can upgrade your ship more.+  A cool aspect is food management, so you have to make sure you stop by some main islands every now and then to get food for your crew. It keeps things realistic and there are times where you can be in a pickle, having to get back fast for food in the beginning. Later on though you can be able to keep a large amount of food on ship so it isn't as much of a problem.+The areas are rated on a scale of 1-10 for difficulty, so you know where to explore and where to go if you want a challnge. A bigger challenge means bigger rewards, like getting better plunder from an enemy ship (or you could just capture it). However it would be difficult to defeat the enemy pirates and natives to get to that point anyway, so it is mostly just a good way to see how the difficulty progresses until you get to the final 4 (ranked 10).However, there are some negetives to this game, but nothing major stood out.- The controls and how to play weren't explained very well, but it isn't that hard to figure out and a quick google search every now and then in the beggining could fix my problems, like how to feed myself and my crew.- The combat is pretty weak. I personally don't mind it, but you just click on enemies and your people attack them. It can be a little boring combat wise from just having your crew do thigns on their own with no input by you, by you can control who they attack and if you want them to go somehwere during fights.- There isn't much depth to the game other than to explore and plunder to get a bigger and better ship and more crew. The journey to get there is fun, but once you get there and clear all the enemies, you probably have to start a new character to continue having a challenge.Overall, I'd give this game a 7.5/10. It is worth the $10 I'd say, but I would reccomend holding out for a sale or using one of those coupons. It is very fun to explore and battle and customizing your ship and crew is something I really enjoy."
,Not Recommended,264140,12577172,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,raixel,"An open world pirate game with old school pixel graphics, yeah sounds great, right?But what you get is a buggy mess. The AI is terrible, the UI is unintuative and for some reason the graphics are blurry as hell, as if vaselene was smeared all over the screen. Theres a bloom slider, but it doesnt appear to fix the blur.I must ask WHO THE HELL PUTS BLOOM IN A PIXEL GAME!? Yeah, just what I needed. Light effect on my *pixels*. Really really bad idea. And its just one of many.This game is supposed to be complete, but it plays like an alpha. Theres no tutorials, enemies and guys spawn in places where they get stuck, bugs galore...I could go on.In short, awesome idea, beyond terrible execution.Dont waste your money."
76561197963397989,Not Recommended,264140,25266747,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Kyrandos,"Very unfortunate to recommend against purchasing this game. The developer put a lot of love and work into it, and even recommends and facilitates people downloading the game via torrent first before buying. He put forth a rather ambitious development schedule and stuck to it. People who are saying he abandoned the game are not STRICTLY correct.That said, there are just too many game breaking bugs. The game was not left in a working state, and you will not be able to play it from start to finish without needing to load a save to avoid a bug. Most catastrophic from the state I currently see the game is pathfinding issues, specifically when landing on certain islands - this results in your characters either becoming stuck motionless on land until they are told to board the ship - at which point they dive into the ocean - or your captain becomes permanently immobilized on land. This is a very, very - very common bug, and you should expect it if you purchase this game.While I certainly support a developers decision to move on, especially when they were clear about their  games' development timeline, and love that the developer encouraged people to download the game and try it before buying it - I simply cannot under any circumstances advocate leaving a game that people payed for in such a broken state.Sadly, I do not recommend you purchase this game."
76561198079381919,Not Recommended,264140,18124224,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,mikeydsc,The late game antics make this game hard to play. There is a memory leak that makes the fps drop like a rock. After 2 or 3 battles you must quit and then restart game. Once your ship reaches a certain size and then fighting another big ship just makes it unbearable.Only buy if you have lots of memory and I do mean alot as I have 8g ram plus a decent vid card.
,Not Recommended,264140,18254576,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Starving Poet,"This is the perfect example of a game that found its way into development hell without a proper design document.   Half the existing items serve no purpose, there is no balance past mid-game, and it even manages to make my gtx970 slow to a crawl."
,Not Recommended,264140,11553889,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Vyse,"Aside from the bugs that many other negative reviews have mentioned, the gameplay is not that interesting.Here's how the game actually plays: You pick a location from the world map and then stare at the screen until the ship arrives there. If it's a town, you get off and sell your loot and maybe buy some food. All stores in all towns of the same rank sell the same items, so you'll stop looking at the store's inventories very quickly.On Islands, you will watch as your crew automatically fights some enemies, then open one treasure chest which always contains some gold and a few grindstones. You could also trigger one random location that either spawns some more enemies or gives you some useless items.Against pirate ships, you just wait for the enemy to board your ship (or board theirs if they don't do it), watch as your crew automatically fights them and then click the ""plunder"" button to get some gold and ship parts.That's the entire game.Random issues I have encountered:- Some UI functions simply do nothing if certain preconditions aren't fulfilled, so you never know if the game glitched out or you did something wrong.- Crew members simply refuse to leave the ship after a few minutes of playing, making it impossible to board enemy ships or islands until you save and reload the game.- The minute counter of the play timer doesn't revert at 60 minutes, so it showed my play time as 04:273:18 after four hours and 33 minutes of playing.- The script is full of typos, grammatical errors and horrible dialogue based on internet memes (""Do you even Arrr?"").- The game does not have permadeath, despite what the store page may tell you. Losses won't make you tear your hair out; they'll simply make you reload your last autosave.- Even if you turn autosaves off the game will still autosave when you exit.- To use items, you have to pretend that they're an accesory that you want to equip. The help screen doesn't explain this.- Also, healing items don't get stronger, so when your crew members each have 500+ HP you'll still be stuck with items that restore 5-30 HP. This will eventually make the game unplayable as nearly every enemy will explode on death and deal massive AoE damage to your characters which you cannot adequately heal.I admit that I still had some fun with Pixel Piracy and that it has some addictive qualities. However, the price is absolutely ridiculous considering that you can pick up games like Transistor or Trails in the Sky for a similar amount of money."
76561198005079603,Not Recommended,264140,22871502,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Captain Seasick,"Let's get the obvious shït outta the way first: I like Pixel Pirates! And yes, I know it's actually called Pixel PiraCY, but Pixel PiraTES just sounds way better.Anyway, moving on... I like this game. I really really do. HOWEVER, I cannot POSSIBLY recommend it to ANYONE, simply because of the atrociously poor ""productivity"" of the so-called ""developers"" of the game. They CLAIM that their complete radio silence and lack of updates for over eight months was due to ONE guy's failing health, and while I do wish him a speedy recovery, THIS DOES NOT MEAN THE REST OF YOU LOT GET TO SIT AROUND AND TWIDDLE YOUR FÛCKING THUMBS!The game has an absolutely horrendous amount of bugs, glitches and exploits (one of the most jarring being the one with stacks of cannon balls being able to chain-explode through walls) as well as some lesser issues, such as the COMPLETELY arbitrary removal of being able to move the camera vertically (WHAT THE FÛCK?! Do you ""devs"" even know how hard it is to have proper sails on a decently sized frigate when you can't even have more than 2 floors?!)And that's not even mentioning the absolutely RETÄRDEDLY extremely poor balance issues! Here's a tip for all of you when starting a new game: PICK THE BLOODY SWORD. It's no fûckin' jokes 10x better than every single other non-epic weapon at the beginning of the game, and when it comes to a choice between an extremely retärdedly small amount of gold (20g, wow, that's ONE WHOLE BOTTLE OF RUM, YOU GUYS!!!) and an extra pirate who, frankly, is only useful for a novelty/gag achievement, it's pretty self-evident why you should choose the sword.Now, the graphics, sound and music are all nice and charming enough, so I won't criticize any of that. But the VOICES, however, are NOT charming AT ALL. This is a game where instead of having a few voice packs (let's say 10 per male/female) with several lines of dialogue each, you instead have maybe 200 voice packs in total, but they all contain one AND PRECISELY ONE line of dialogue! Sometimes, it's not even dialogue. Hell, I usually let my main pirate get the ""Arrr!"" voice, simply because it's the least grating one.Seriously. This voice thing wouldn't be so horrible if it wasn't for the fact that the one single line they have is ALL they EVER say, and BY GOD do they say it a fûcking LOT. Every time you give them an order, every time they ""say"" one of the idle remarks (which, admittedly, can be entertaining in a random joke sorta way) that appears as texts above them, and sometimes for no reason at all. So yeah. Voices? God it's horrible... even worse was the fact that the lady-types only got to say ""Loser!"" for a REALLY long while, which made playing as or even WITH a female pirate, especially SEVERAL such pirates, an absolutely NIGHTMARISH experience.Now, a cappella pirating voices aside, the game does have some fun factors too, like the extremely easy way to build your own ship (vertical camera restrictions notwithstanding) and how many different types of weapons there are to collect and use. Granted, you're not gonna see a handheld swivel-cannon type gun or a fist-claws type melee weapon, or even more outlandish things such as pots 'n' pans being wielded, but aside from that, the variety and actual differences between various weapons does lend the game some much-needed longevity.And the fact that you can have a good-sized crew rather than the measly maximum amount of 8 blokes in FTL, for example, means you don't need to feel entirely devastated and irredeemably crippled if 1-2 pirates die later on, since you can have at least 64 of the nasty, perpetually pooping fûckers at a time. So that's good.All in all, I like the game, but I'm DEFINITELY not blind to its imperfections. More likely, I've been made aware of the game's various blights way too well at this point. When/if the developers pull their heads outta their Horke-ärses, then MAYBE I'll change/remove this verdict and give them a more favourable judging, but until then, I would recommend everyone to STEER CLEAR of this game. 3.1/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,30083482,Posted: 21 February,all,Insomnant,We should be able to refund early access games that fail to follow through on their promised features. This is theft.
,Not Recommended,264140,10154337,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Emperor Gandhi,"I'd appreciate it if you checked out my blog, where I do reviews, giveaways, and more:https://gandhigaming.wordpress.com/Okay, I know some people will whine about my opinion, but let me state my responses to your issues...""You only have a couple of hours on the game.""How many negative reviews do you read? You'd be surprised by the number of people who have less hours on games and make extremely valid points.""The game is still in Early Access, Way to be helpful.""Well aware of that. I see a pretty bright future for the game.""Welcome to the world of Roguelikes/Roguelites.""Sorry, did you check to see what games are in my library?""Whine whine whine whine whine and whine.""Erm, was that really needed?Alright, here we go. Here goes my rant...Pixel Piracy is being published by Re-Logic, the devs behind one of my personal favorite Indie games: Terraria. Do they get cut slack because I love Terraria so much? Nope. The gameplay is a bit repetitive, even for a roguelike. I'm a big fan of roguelikes and enjoy playing them a lot. However, this one isn't that good. The exploration thing is alright, but it could've used more detail. Managing your ship is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥due to being overwhelmed with food, crewmembers, poop, ship upgrades, health, and more. It overwhelms me even more than FTL does. The graphics are average at the most, and there isn't much to it. YES, I understand this is pixelated graphics, but to the people out there who lack intelligence, I DON'T LIKE THE WAY THE PIXELATED VISUALS WERE USED. There.The audio, oh god, the dang audio. It is so ANNOYING listening to ""Me hardy har!"" every three seconds. Yes, I'm well aware of this thing called 'mute' and it ruins the game, too.The game, which I do understand, as it is in Early Access, has very little content. If it were the full game, I would rate this lower, but seeing that it isn't, I won't even bother with that. However, on the bright side of this, Pixel Piracy does have a pretty good future ahead, but it wouldn't be one of the greatest roguelikes of recent memory, like Dungeons of Dredmor and FTL. Also, for an Early Access game, I discovered little to no bugs. I've played many Early Access games, and this one was probably the best running of all of them. One other thing I saw is that it does have quite the replayability, and that it is one of those games that you dislike, but you can't help but play it anyway.So, in conclusion, I understand the game is in Early Access, but I've played better games that came out with less content, more bugs, etc etc. If you buy it and like it, then great. I'm happy for you that it was worth it. However, I would approach this game with caution. I'm afraid that I cannot recommend this game.Graphics- 5/10Gameplay- 4/10Story- 5/10Audio- 2/10Replayability- 9/10.:5.0/10:.+Bright future+Runs well for Early Access+Lots of replayability-Annoying audio-Repetitive gameplay-Limited exploration-Far too overwhelming-Poorly done 8-bit graphics___________________________________________________________________________________EDIT: New Review in Progress as of 7/31/14So far, based off of what I've played, it is much, much better now. The audio is much better, however the loops are very plain. The quality is much better, and the game runs great. However, the gameplay didn't change and the replayability lost it's spark. The exploration didn't change much but isn't as linear anymore. The overwhelming aspect of the game was organized much more now due to the new UI that is similar to FTL's. The devs are also very dedicated and seem to be very friendly compared to other devs out there. Kudos to them for releasing the game. And for the bright future part, looks like I was right. Most of the flaws I had with the game were fixed. Expect a positive review coming out soon.EDIT: 8/10/14Appears to be much more rushed than I thought. I encountered a few bugs and began disliking the game again. Forget what I said earlier about the positive review stuff. This one's staying negative."
,Recommended,264140,16321503,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Fred The Sled,"Ship 1: Everyone on the ship was starving, stabbed me to death because I forgot to feed them, but not before ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ everywhere.Ship 2: Fed the crew regularly, but nobody knows how to pick up♥♥♥♥♥♥  Crew gets angry about the poop-filled living conditions and stabs me to death.Ship 3: Turns out I have to find a specific book that teaches you the ancient art of cleaning poop off your boat.  It's hard to find a pirate island that has books for sale, and harder still to find one that has the poop cleaning book.  I spend all of my money on the book when I find it.  I, the captain, am the only one smart enough know how to read (i.e. had the skill points to do so) and taught myself the secrets of poo cleaning.  I don't have enough money to pay my pirates, let alone feed them.  While I'm cleaning poo off the boat, they stab me to death.Ship 4: Say to myself ""Screw it, I don't need a crew! I can just power up this single character!"".  That was a bad idea.  An island tribe of savage natives surround me and stab me to death.Great game."
,Not Recommended,264140,11554510,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,TrustWorthyMonk,"I really want to like this game because i loved terraria alot but, i just cant like it. I would go into detail of why but honestly people already said it. Bad AI hard to tell what crew to do glitchy every 5 seconds you hear Yar Har and cannons are so horrible and op by this point they should just take out cannons also the start can be really hard if you didnt get a pirate BUT for some reason with the right stuff ive seen 1 man crews take on tons of other pirates. The game should be in very early access. This game would be good if they fix this stuff. The devs do show that they care for this game and i hope they can make this a good game. The idea is amazing and the thought of it i love it and i have 400+ hours on terraria and i loved that game but they just made this game so bad. I really want to like this game but i cant recomend it :/"
,Not Recommended,264140,11532827,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Douniz,"I don't understand why this game has been released.It's closer than a beta.Pirates won't do what they are supposed to do, you can't force them to be usefull and all the crew starve because fishermen don't want to fish.Inventory and global UI is pure rubish.Not worth the investement."
76561198090949228,Not Recommended,264140,32072145,Posted: 30 May,all,yuptodat,"Honestly, not worth your time. The developers abandoned this long ago. Has a good premise but is bug ridden.-*-EDIT-*-After a whole year, there has been a community announcement for the game. So I guess it is not abandoned but they don't care that much for this game. I still don't recommend the game though. I'm just telling you."
,Not Recommended,264140,12435007,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,doomdydoomdydoom,"This game embodies everything that is wrong with the industry. It was released as full game, yet months later they are still adding things like making an end game, and fixing bugs that make it impossible to finish. The only tips and tricks to playing this stunted piece of garbage are ways to avoid game breaking bugs and make the game actually work. Very few of these tips come from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that took our money and told us to ♥♥♥♥ ourselves. Watch out for this dev in the future and avoid any trash that they release. Read the dev reports and you'll see how little work these♥♥♥♥♥♥suckers do on an unfinished game that we've already paid for."
,Not Recommended,264140,29234111,Posted: 13 January,all,AdverseE®,"You know how you always see those stories about games released from early access unpolished without bugs fixed and the developers vanish into thin air. Yep, this is one of those."
,Not Recommended,264140,15716715,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Morph,"PP is a terrible game. Weak, unfinished, & un-optimized; a boorishly pixelated game runs at over 70 degrees C with v-sync; hotter than GTA V. Each flat, uninteresting ""island"" is just a line broken up by crap loading screens. Hunger and morale systems are tedious, boring, and in need of a rework. Ship items like cannons require such a high investment and training that fun cannot be had. Pirates are voiced by what seems to be an 8 year old that makes me want to punch a baby. The new dev's involvement is unimpressive as the abysmal core game mechanics remain unchanged. What you have is a disappointing attempt at what could have been an exciting pirate concept. For shame."
,Not Recommended,264140,20237912,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Monochrome,"This could have been a good game. I could have enjoyed it. Scratch that; I did enjoy it. To a limited extent.In theory this is one of the better games I have played of its kind. Simple, somewhat repetitive and grindy, and full of numbers, just the way I like it. In practice however... It's an unpolished, crude, and messy game.Controls are weird and take a bit to get used to. I eventually got the hang of it and managed to play the game rather fluidly, but I can see that not being the case for a lot of people. There's a limit to how much you learn from the tutorials, and I would never judge anyone for failing to figure out the game and giving up. (Moreso than in other games, that is).The menus are tedious and  break, items are grouped together weirdly and I've had cases where I've had to spend several minutes burning skill books on pirates to access completely unrelated items as there is no scrolling feature in the gven subset of items. Weaponry is weirdly nondescriptive, and I have refrained from buying a lot of weapons as the listed Damage Per Second for weapons in the store is greatly misleading.The game also suffers from, as most other reviewers mention, late game performance issues. Once my ship's size reached some fifteen by thirty blocks in size, the game froze for well over half a second every time I placed a tile. Adding twentyfive crewmembers made the entire game experience run in a rather nasty way. I've had several crashes, and loading screens become waiting games at the point in the game I reached. In short, progress is punished by performance loss.Had this game been shown a bit more love and attention, It could have become one of my more liked games. I like it as is, but it's in the way you love a dog who tries its best and is very soft, but poops on the carpet, rolls in any available mud, and conveniently has to go outside whenever you are asleep. It's debatable whether or not it's worth the effort in the end.In short; it's a sweet little game that could have been much more enjoyable were it not seemingly a rushed and unpolished project, coding and content wise. Do not under any circumstances buy it at full price, though if you have the game sense necessary to figure out the control system and enjoy casual looting and leveling up it might be worth its price when it gets a solid cut off during some sort of sale."
,Not Recommended,264140,15808594,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Kaypar,"For an unfinished game, Pixel Piracy is promising. They take some weird shortcuts with sprite animation, the sprites themselves are a little ugly, combat and exploration is a little bland and monotonous right now, and hopefully they'll fix the buggy, clunky menus soon, but when they finish it, this'll be a great game!Wait, Pixel Piracy IS finished?Oof. Maybe you should skip this one, then."
76561197996183136,Not Recommended,264140,11572068,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Punko,"I stopped playing this game when my first mate started running in circles with a turd in his hand and a turtle on his head.  He seemed confused as to whether to join his crew in the tavern or practice swords in the cabin.  Or throw the turd away.  Or set the turtle down.  Yes, this is a problem, and I doubt the excuse of the crew having freewill really addresses this.  But more on this later.Initally it was a fun experience, though the lack of intuitive tutorials made it a little rockier to start than most games.  The overall look of the game, the sound of the music, and the grunts of the pirates were all quite welcoming as well.  As I conquered each island or pirate ship, things got progressively harder in a maneagable sense.  I hired my first mate and named him ""Vance the Lance"" in honor of the hulking spear he carried.  I got a kick out of his former job as a fantastic male model.  Qualities I definitely need in my pirate crew.Whatever the case, Vance and I soon had a larger crew to manage, and that's about when the problems started to happen.  Arnold the Brick (because he is dumb as a bag of bricks apparently), had decided he was no longer going to cook the fish he had become so good at catching.  I decided to teach another crew member how to cook expecting this to solve the problem.  Ironically, this crew member nearly died to starvation because he too refused to cook, despite having both the skill and knife to do so.  Meanwhile, Arnold kept providing me fish which I as the player kept placing in hopes of SOMEONE actually cooking it.The solution to this odd problem was for me to dock at the nearest town and frantically buy fruit for my famished crew.Now, some would say the real problem here was that the morale must have been poor.  I wish I could say this was the problem, but I had my crew loaded with Rum and Gold, thus spirits were high.  Nope, this was just an example of poor AI.  Which brings us back to my poor first mate.Poor Vance.  I wanted to help him, but he was so absorbed in his turd/turtle ritual...it was bad.  And that wasn't the only thing I saw.  Many of my pirates couldn't handle things like ""crawl over up that ladder"" or ""walk over there.""   I was excited to get cannons, but soon I realized that the AI was very prone to getting choked on that as well.  My cannoneers would frequently take too long to load cannons.  Some would be more inclined to playing cards than loading the cannon.  Your game of solitaire needs to wait guys!  Cannons PLEASSSE!Then the fights would happen.  I liked the chaos of it all well enough, but sometimes stupid junk would happen.  Like swimming.  My captain has the swimming skill, but he never seems inclined to using it when he innevitably gets knocked into the water.  The knockback can get kinda crazy in the fights too.  Thank goodness there is a reloading button..but sheesh.Then there was sailing.  I get the use for it, but I kinda wish there were more random occurences that would just happen to break things up.  Something like, mermaid attacks...or giant white whale attacks...or seagull raiding parties...  I don't know...Just something!  Break up the humdrum of pooping pirates derping back and forth on a fictional ship.The morale/hunger is the last thing that I think needs a bit more tweaking.  Gold is used to pay your crew, which instantly puts them at full morale.  Gold is also used to feed the crew when your sailing.  You can raise their morale and their hunger (how well fed they are) at taverns.  The hunger stat raises reaaaaally slowly, so unless you want to wait all day, your better off buying food for them at the ship (which costs even more gold), or fishing it (which means dealing with finicky AI). They also have to have gold to spend (apparently) to make use of the tavern...but with no way to track what gold each pirate has, it's kinda difficult to keep track of (i.e. When did I last pay them?).  It also bothers me immensly that my captain never seems to eat when he is at the tavern.  It seems he is damned to eating food on a ship instead of with his crew.Ah well...I bought the game on sale at least, so I'm not OVERLY disgruntled.Don't get me wrong.  I've enjoyed my time with this game so far...but I think I will stop and wait for them to address some of these issues (hopefully) before I continue my foray into Pixel Piracy.I'll gladly update this review in the future if some changes actually occur!  Until then, Vance and his turd problem shall remain.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT:Thought I might throw some more positives into what I thought about the game:-Combat is frantic, but I enjoyed the chaos of it.  It isn't so noticeable with small crews, but with larger crews it can be a chaotic blast.-Creating your own boat is an interesting concept as you progress through the game.  You always have the option of simply taking the enemy boat, but I enjoy plundering them and slowing adding various parts to my own ship.  I'd love to see more cosmetic damage to the ship as you take bombardment shots eventually!-Charming: I know I said it once before, but I really do like the look and sound of it all.  I'm not a fan of  all the shanties/tavern songs, but I do think that it is a nice touch.  Visually, I enjoy the pixelated nature of the characters and the locales they inhabit.-Looting makes me feel good, and there is always the chance you'll find something very nice (like a diamond which sells for quite a bit)  I'd love to see more of this expanded, but it seems good enough for now.  I'd love to see plundering expanded (i.e. attacking TRADE ships vs pirate, or attacking cities, or stealing the food stores off a ship)And lastly, the management is a positive when the game works as I think was intended.  When the AI actually does what you want, and you get into the groove of managing moral vs gold, it is fairly enjoyable.  I would tweak it in different ways personally, but I think the framework in place works well enough. (i.e. I'd make taverns more effective at curing hunger, I'd make paying the crew worth less morale to place more emphasis on buying/finding rum or visiting taverns)------1.7 UpdateThe Good news:-My first mate finally got his life straight and decided to join us on the shore.-For about 30-40 minutes, the AI felt decent/better and I was enjoying myself well enough.-Pets are way easier to catch now!  No more grinding!-My captain actually finally decided that bar food is OK.  It may have only been a nibble, but that is progress in my book.  I sincerely hope they address taverns and make them a little more useful in regards to hunger.(and on that note, I really wish I knew how much gold each crewmember had to spend!)The Bad news:-After about 40 minutes, my new pet chicken (called ROBOCHICKEN) decided he is part of the crew now.  I caught him practicing with swords and playing cards in a corner.  I didn't notice if he was also eating, but I definitely caught the bugger taking a dump next to the larder.  I've got my eye on you chicken!-The AI has gone back to being a reluctant mess.  Shovelback Ray (my chief shovel carrier/treasure hunter) refuses to leave the boat for anything.-The moral system went haywire.  I paid my crew as usual, but seconds later everyone went from super happy to ""KILL THE CAPTAIN"" rage.  I dunno...maybe the chicken is promoting a mutiny among my men?-Eh, Better luck in 1.08 I hope!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"
76561198005052419,Not Recommended,264140,11529257,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,BioRadical,"An interesting game with a great all around premise, but has more potential than realization.Unfortunately, the AI is so shi!!e that what should have been a fantastic indie game falls short on all counts.There is no real tactics besides mob rushing, and there is no way to dictate tasks for NPCs besides going to a certain location and maybe select specific enemies to attack. No being able to tell a gunner to man the turret, just put him nearby and hope he gets the hint. No way to force the fisherman to stay on task when he goes off to practice his sword skills (with a fishing pole?)This game should still be in beta. It was released too early and the result is nothing short of pathetic.4/10The greatest satisfaction I got out of this game was getting it off the wishlist of my friends."
,Not Recommended,264140,32608279,Posted: 20 June,all,Bonan Roggs,"I supported this game way back in the day because I saw it's potential to be very fun. I came to back to it this week out of boredom, and found it be abandoned by the devs.To give a quick summary of how bad it is: There's a mechanic in the game where you have to place down food on your ship, whats supposed to happen is your crew will eat it and prevent starvation. A pretty core componement, which if left unworking would lead to your crew starving to death and you not being able to do anything. It doesn't work. At least with melons, the cheapest food in the game and the one you start with. Your crew will just flat out refuse to eat it. I do recall doing one playthrough where the crew did eat some food, but that was like a year ago.Don't buy this game. Don't buy their new game either, Pixel Privateers, which uses the same sprites from this game except in space. Do not support these devs. Re-Logic should be sad that their name is on this project.I wanna leave this review with a quote from a developer on a reddit post when people where complaining about the shoddy, unfinished state of the game: (From /u/SquareZack) ""Well this time around we're doing everything we can to take what made Piracy not the best, and improve it in every way. We have a larger team, a massive publishing company behind us, and a beyond dedicated community manager to make sure Privateers doesn't die for years. You can join our Discord server for info and community at (not giving them free advertising).""TL;DR: Game is dead, Devs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who have said in no uncertain terms the game is abandoned, and used assets from this game to make a space version for a quick buck."
,Not Recommended,264140,11513304,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,brzoskswinia,"How could this game have been considered ready to publish?This product is a borderline scam. There are so many things wrong with it I don't even know where to start.Was it ever even tested? I've played for maybe 4-5 hours and have already found two gamebreaking bugs, and countless minor ones.The game in general is just completely devoid of polish. Why are there social media links on the main menu? Is this a flash game? The timer would have me believe that I have sunk 2 hours and 159 minutes into my current playthrough. Why did the developers feel obliged to invent a new system of time measurement? Why is there text floating in the air on islands?The AI is completely nonexistent. Crewmembers will run right through enemies instead of attacking them and will never attack neutral characters unless I do so with my captain. Pathing is horrible. Being given a shorter path and a longer one, crewmembers inevitably take the latter. They also sometimes get stuck on single blocks, which they should be able to climb.Sometimes they refuse to eat and simply die of hunger. Their salary is random and the game lies as to how much pay the crew wants.There are numerous design problems that should have been fixed before the game was released. Blocks destroyed by cannons turn into unwalkable floor, which means characters may end up stuck. Caught fish cannot be eaten until you dock and actually place them on your ship. The game is very micro-intensive. I had to switch manually between a fishing-rod and sword for one of my pirates every time I was in combat.Do not make the same mistake I did. Treat this game as the beta that it is. If you are looking for a finished game to enjoy, look elsewhere."
76561198008552747,Recommended,264140,8033018,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Danthis,"At this time (very early alpha) even though the game is barren and unbalanced (which is to be expected) it has a good core, and i have no doubt this game will grow to become great.That said, in Pixel Piracy you are a captain with a small pouch of gold coins to hire a crew/purchase supplies and some materials to build your first ship.Sail across the ocean and pillage and plunder to your hearts desire, but with the world filled with powerful opponents and dangerous creatures this will be no easy task, and let us not forget your crew, they need to be fed and paid or they will either die or turn on you.Do you have what it takes to survive, is the pirates life for ye?"
76561198038039756,Not Recommended,264140,11534217,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Ross,"Give this game a miss.They fully released this game and it's got a new host of game breaking glitches, I had a smoother time playing this in alpha.It's very blurry and a strain on the eyes I think this is to do with the bloom settings."
,Not Recommended,264140,30068823,Posted: 20 February,all,Obi-Wan Dovahkiin,This game had great potential but developers run away with our money. All they left is a game too buggy and glitched to be funny...
,Not Recommended,264140,18245216,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Boolin,Fun game with many quirks but with memory leaks that cause you to lag or crash that they feel would be too much of an investment to fix. For that reason alone I have to give it a not reccomended.
,Not Recommended,264140,11550592,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,WorkingClassHero,"Great idea, awful implementation. Dev has heart but I can't recommend this one yet."
76561198042843438,Not Recommended,264140,13011584,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,legojoe,"[Updated 5/19/2014] So after a long LONG time since I've played this game, I went back and tried the game out and I must say, they really improved quite a bit of things. Now I will leave the old review bits here because I want people to see how the game has changed from the last time I played which was roughly half a year ago. I will make some comparisons though just to show what changed.So the game. The one thing that they improved that makes this game more fun is they improved the economy. For those who don't know, in the previous versions, getting spending gold was work in itself but now enemy ships and pirates and whatever else you can think of just drops gold like they're money making machines which is fine since now you can just get stuff and build your pirate army! Arrrgh maties!Another issue that this game had was that the enemy doesn't respawn but now they do! Though it takes a while. With this fix, another issue has appeared. Since the enemy do respawn and you're going to out-level them in a few minutes with the new economy, there's a need for enemies to scale. Sure you can just keep going outwards and outwards for the higher level enemies but I just spent about an hour into the game and I'm already butting heads with Lv7 enemies with a giant ship and a crew of 10+ mates and then the entire area is void of enemies waiting to respawn. Cleared out the Lv5-6 and since the Lv7s are dead, it's time for Lv8s. Too fast paced.The sea now feels more... lively. Each time you set out, there may be a weather change like rain, hurricane, fog, etc. Which brings up another problem, the music. I'm in a hurricane and yet the music in the background is soothing and it's like telling my crew to go to sleep and all the problems will go away. Then another problem with the sounds is that they're broken. What I mean is that during in a fight, I can have my camera on the scene yet all I would hear is the music and seagulls with the occasional sword clash and/or scream from dying enemies. I mean this is more of a bug than anything but I just felt like putting it out there since I was talking about background music anyways.There are a lot more variety of things for your ship to pretty it up. Speaking of ships, back then when you capture a ship, you get the ship exactly the way it's look. What I mean is that when you're in a battle, the enemy ship is orientated in such a way that it is pointing at you and when you capture it, it stays that way. Now when you do capture a new ship, the ship is re-orientated to point the proper way. Nice attention to detail.I get the feel this is less of a review and more about a changelog or something. The game is certainly more satisfying to play but it still is lacking a certain niche. Don't get me wrong, it is fun to make a ship with a ton of cannons and just shoot the heck out of my opponent not giving a rat's♥♥♥♥♥about money anymore but that just tends to get boring especially since I have to go out and look for fights to deal with and then head back to buy more ammo in case I run out. Now... Is this game worth the price... Still no. It's getting close though, it really is but still not feeling it.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------[Old Review] I want to recommend this game. I really do but at the game's current stage, I cannot. When I first checked that it was created by creators of Terraria, I thought to myself, ""Hey, here's a nice lay-back game I could play. The creators should know how to make worlds in this game.""Then I get smacked in the face like just 3-4 hours into the game. The world does seem large and vast with variety in it, AT FIRST. Then after a while, the flaws of the game becomes so glaringly sharp that it just feels dull.I haven't been to Lv6 or above island/pirate ships yet but except for your possible starting weapon, the Falcon Blade, there are absolutely no unique weapons. Even the Falcon Blade falls short after getting a crew of 5 combat-able pirates. After that it's just a plain Zerg rush onto enemy ships or hostile islands and wiping the populace from the face of the Earth. I guess if you want just a generic army with nothing truly special about them, this works. I wanted to feel special though.Enemy pirate ships are not RNG encounters. They are actually listed on the map for you to go to beat up. After that, they're gone completely. So while you're traveling from point A to point B, you're sitting there looking at the screen for 1-2 minutes while playing games on your iPhone because literally nothing ever happens. In the beginning of the game, there were a rare instance of a Fishman jumping onto my ship and I had to kill it off but that never happens once you upgrade your ship to a larger one. All you will ever see on screen are your pirates pooping all over the deck, fishing for food, eating, text bubbles going so fast that you can barely read what they say and it's just plain BORING.The chests in this game are absolutely disappointing. Except for the buried chests, the chests you find on islands and enemy ships yield about 3-10g depending on how many pirates have the 'More Gold in Chests' skill and their levels. Item loots are about 90% of the time grindstones to increase your melee weapons' damage. There are grindstones for ranged but you can only buy those. I would expect an enemy galleon to have way more than 10g and 2 grindstones in their stupid treasury box.Game looks nice. Feels nice. Doesn't follow through. $10? Well I paid $7.50 since I had a coupon but... I've had $1 iPhone games that I've played for 20 hours so... You doods should wait."
,Not Recommended,264140,23310385,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Socks,"Development was going good, promises were made, and the game looked great. Then the developers seemed to have fallen off the face of the Earth. They seem to have a sudden burst of activity and then just leave. Moving on, the game gets old extremely fast and there's bugs everywhere. I also really hate the graphics. The old graphics were perfectly fine and then the developers came out of nowhere and threw this ugly filter on it. Might be able to turn it off but I haven't found an option for it yet.Don't get me wrong, it's a decent idea but the devs completely left us hanging. I would have loved this game if the devs would update it."
,Not Recommended,264140,29469598,Posted: 24 January,all,© Roarr!,"Alexander Poysky, why did you ruin that game.It isn't playable anymore!Could you please revert all what you've done ?Cheers"
,Not Recommended,264140,15664607,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Black Wombat,"If you can get it on a really cheap sale, go for it - Otherwise, there's simply not a lot of content, and the solution to every problem is 'Throw all your priates at it'."
,Not Recommended,264140,23383835,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,NEON CITY/1984,"PROSFun game, for a whileInteresting ship-building and exploration system.NEUTRALGraphics settings are a bit odd.CONSVery, very buggy.Progressively becomes laggier and laggier the longer you play.Repetetive, no real replay value.Combat is lame.Inventory management is horrible.Devs seem to have abandoned the game.In short, don't buy this unless it's on sale, and even then you might want to find something better to spend your dinero on."
,Not Recommended,264140,11563113,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,disco is fuck,"Lots of potential here, unfortunately spread a little thin and made near enough unplayable by bugs.I dare say Pixel Piracy in its current state is more broken than it was when I first played it a few months ago, before the devs claimed it was ""complete.""  Members of your crew will frequently decide not to follow your orders - this isnota result of the game's morale mechanic, which makes low morale crew members refuse orders, this happens with happy as can be, 100% morale pirates. Sometimes, they'll stand in one place and not listen to anything you say, or even move of their own accord(in order to say, get food, clean or repair the ship). Other times they'll quite happily go wherever you tell them on the ship, but can't grapple onto other ships or an island. In a game where most of the gameplay revolves around commanding your crew, you can see why this is extremely frustrating.So the game has bugs, those can be fixed, and I trust the devs not to ignore such a glaring issue. What about gameplay? It's... Okay. When I played the early access, I thought it was pretty fun, but it didn't take long before it started to get boring and samey. Now the finished game is out and I find myself thinking more or less the same things. The combat consists of rounding up all your dudes and sending them in the direction of the enemy who is rounding up all his dudes and sending them at you, you meet in the middle and hopefully win. The outcome of a fight is decided by stats and equipment, which is true of a lot of games, but unfortunately there's not a lot of depth or variety to those aspects either. If you win a fight you get some gold, some experience and some (usually uninteresting) loot.The biggest curveball the combat has to offer is the knockback mechanic, which is far toobiga curveball. Even on ""easy"" knockback settings(knockback reduced to 40%) my dudes were getting knocked back several feet. You don't get enough control over your pirates to do much to avoid it, it doesn't really add anything to the game aside from occasionally instantly killing someone if they get knocked into the ocean. Most of your game overs will be a result of this happening to your captain, and to top it off, if you kill an enemy this way, you can't get the loot they drop. The game's morale system feels a little underdeveloped as well. It's pretty much what it sounds like: if you don't keep your dudes happy they're less willing to fight and if morale gets too low they'll turn on you. There are two main ways to restore your crew's morale: Pay their salary(costs money, obviously) or let them spend some time at a tavern, which is free but taverns are few and far between and you never know if a town has one until you actually dock there. This discourages exploration and makes it advantageous to stay as close to known taverns as you can.Most of your gold will pay for food and your crew's salaries, the rest you will save up to hire more crewmemebers until you have a big enough crew to take on tougher battles to get more gold, which you'll need because your crew is eating more food. Lather, rinse, repeat. There's variety in the enemies, but only superficially. Mostly, you'll be fighting pirates. Sometimes, you'll be fighting vikings, skeletons, hobos or chinese. Yeah, there's an entire enemy class just called ""Chinese."" You get slightly different loot from them, but aside from that the only differences are visual, which is hard to pick out given the low detail of the sprites and the visually chaotic combat. It still boils down to throwing all your dudes at them and hoping you come out on top.So the combat is alright at best, but that's not even what you'll be spending most of your time doing. Most of the time, you'll be sailing between locations. While sailing, you don't really do anything. You watch your crew eat and poop, and listen to them chatter. Occasionally, they'll sing a sea shanty, which isn't very good but if anything it's a welcome release from repeating the same quips ad nauseam. Nothing happens, your ship just sails along a flat, lifeless ocean for a while until you reach your destination. This gets more annoying later in the game as you start travelling further distances at a time. You can sail faster by gluing bits to your boat or with character skills, but spending valuable cash and skill points to reduce tedium doesn't strike me as good game design. You have to go through this every time you move to a different location, which includes heading back to town to buy food and let your crew rest, so half the time you don't even have anything interesting to look forward to. The excessive waiting is what really kills the fun of this game.All these flaws are a shame because underneath it all there's a fun game that really wants to show itself. Though it doesn't require a lot of thought, managing your crew and gradually building it up to take on tougher fights is satisfying. The music, voices and graphics are all nice, but lack in quantity and get repetitive. It feels like a beta version: a solid foundation, lacking balance and content and with a bunch of bugs that need cleaning up. If the devs continue working on it I still think something good can come out of Pixel Piracy. Unless that happens, don't bother with this.""JOLLY ROGER! JOLLY ROGER! JOLLY ROGER! JOLLY ROGER! JOLLY ROGER! JOLLY ROGER!""/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,29058568,Posted: 6 January,all,idntmnd,"Man, I really love this game. I really do. I have a lot of fantastic memories of building my massive pirate ships outfitted with tens of cannons, building an army of pirates (who all suffered from scruvy since I didn't know how to cure it) to absolutely destroy any enemy who I crossed paths with. However with the way the devs have dealt with this game breaking bug which prevents you from progressing in the game, I have decided to give the game a negative review in an attempt to persuade the devs to fix this problem preventing us from playing this fantastic game."
76561198032726338,Not Recommended,264140,31451912,Posted: 29 April,all,zac3323,"It hurts me to give this a thumbs down, there was so much potential, and intially it was quite a bit of fun. As it stands this is no longer supported and it hurts to see somthing so fun be left in such a state. Despite not recommending this to others i will continue to waste a little time on it whenever I get the itch, and thats what makes it hurt most of all."
76561198059743609,Recommended,264140,8031130,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,mjvv81,Fun game still has a bit of work to be done theres a fair amount of bugs.  Has a very steep learning curve I had to look up on youtube to figure out how to get basic commands to work.
,Not Recommended,264140,33253559,Posted: 4 July,all,Viral Optics,"The developers have abandoned this game, Do Not Buy. It is riddled with bugs and updates have stopped."
,Not Recommended,264140,34396053,Posted: 21 August,all,Romeo,It was a good game at first but this game has has been abandonded by the Developers. Do not get this game since it is riddled with bugs and will no longer be fixed. Ripperoni
76561198344934718,Not Recommended,264140,28284140,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Fetus Stomper*6.6.6*,"i honestly enjoyed the game....it was rather barren as far as a tutorial is concerned, but despite that i figured most things out. i loved the game until i got to a bug where my captain gets stuck while unloading from the ship. it hapens with the crew too, rendering that game over...requested a refund, didnt get one....hoping for a patch....not an ey patch either lol"
76561197960942459,Not Recommended,264140,24490687,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Squirrely,"When I first saw this game I knew it was going to be a blast. Who doesn't want to pillage islands and destroy enemy pirate ships?Starting the game I took the time to design a pirate and give him a name. Then I selected a back story for him. I was on the right track! After about 15 minutes of playing I realized that my character I took the time to customize had died, and was replaced with a new captain! I thought this was odd, but decided to keep playing. Maybe it wouldn't affect the story. I mean, I can get over the trivial loss of my new favorite character and learn to love his replacement that I hired from a tavern.After about 4 hours of pillaging and ship fights I decided it was time to get to business and get more involved in the story. I needed to find my objectives. It was then that I realized that there is no story. No quests. Not objectives, aside from achievements. It really sucked, but I decided that I bought the game and have already wasted about 4 hours playing. Why not finish?I began recruiting crew members. Trained them. Leveled them. I made my way to the first legendary boss. Sure, things got rough, but I managed to pull through. The ship battles got even better when I figured out how to work cannons. I could take down an enemy ship before they even had a chance to board! I was untouchable! When I got to the first legendary pirate boss I was excited. Then I realized that this legendary pirate didn't have a single cannon on his ship. None. I was able to destroy him and his ship before the boarding phase of combat. It was a total letdown. Not only that, he and his crew had fewer hit points than other pirates I'd already faced. Not much of a legendary pirate if you ask me.It didn't take long before I stopped visiting islands and just headed straight for the other legendary pirates. It was a wholly underwhelming experience.The laundry list of bugs and design flaws were also more than a minor pain.• Poop gets stuck inside the ship. It manages to get stuck BETWEEN the blocks of hull, making it impossible for your crew to clean. You also can't remove blocks around poop, so it has to stay there until you take the time to clear out your entire ship build and start from scratch. But then it just happens again 15 minutes later.• If you are sailing to an area and cross paths with an enemy pirate you can choose to fight or flee. If you flee successfully you don't continue your trip, but instead have to open the map again and select your destination. This makes travelling long distances very annoying.• If a crew member gets stuck while trying to perform a task (like picking up poop or loading a cannon) no other crew member will attempt the same task. Now you're down a crew member until you notice and tell him to move somewhere.• Trying to make a pirate flee is near impossible. If you tell him to run away and he is hit, he will target whatever hit him and attack. This results in you trying to get him to run by constantly clicking, but he just ends up dying.• The controls are inconsistent. In some screens you have to use the keyboard to pan the view. In others only the mouse can be used. You also can't use the mouse wheel to scroll through lists of items, and clicking an item will take you back to the top of the list.• Crew frequently have trouble targeting enemies. You can send your entire crew down to attack some enemies, but once they kill the enemy half of them will stand around doing nothing until you give them a new target.• Pirates must be part of your ""Ship Crew"" group to get them to clean or repair the ship, even if they're idle with nothing else to do.• Vertical panning of the camera has been disabled. You can build your ship very tall, but you won't be able to scroll up to see it.• Some sounds come from the wrong stereo channel. For example, a crew member can be training on the ship on the left side of the screen, but the sound effects will come from the right speaker. If you scroll far enough to the right it will eventually move to the left speaker.• Massive frame drops when you build a large ship. There were times I went from 200 FPS down to about 3 while trying to build my ship.• Pets don't seem to have any real benefit, and because the captain is the only one that can carry them they are too cumbersome to be used in a fight.• The crew needs to poop CONSTANTLY. They always end up piled up around the toilets and food. The ship will be a ghost town except in the bathroom, where you will find 30 guys in about 5 blocks of space. They will even stop fighting to run to the bathroom if they're on the ship.• If there's a captain's chair he won't do anything but sit in it. Well, except poop and eat.• Scurvy sets in after about 10 minutes. The crew will eat 20 pieces of fruit before they even TOUCH another piece of food. Food sources that don't have vitamins will sit on the deck for ages being unused.• The ""Boarders"" group doesn't seem to do anything. I have to manually command them to board an enemy ship once it is in range. And after I send them across, if I don't stop my ""Gunners"" group they'll blow up my Boarders while they're on the enemy ship.I really wanted to like this game, and I looked forward to it from the time I saw early screenshots and videos. Being that it was released over a year ago and it still has these major flaws is very disappointing. This game has real potential."
76561198094474010,Not Recommended,264140,32088515,Posted: 31 May,all,MAVERICK,Abandoned.
,Not Recommended,264140,23262606,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,LIL FRENCHFRY,"The developers abandoned this game. It is a great game, but it is done for."
,Not Recommended,264140,10806806,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jimmy,"I love the concept and I want to love this game so much. But the gameplay is just not intuitive enough.If I click on my pirates, it dosn't select them. If I ask my pirate to move towards or away from something, they'll decide on thier own what to do & get themselves killed.When crap pilles up, I should be able to click on a crewmember, point to the pile & select a clean up action.I love the art, style, & idea. But the gameplay needs a major overhaul before they do a full release.I hope to change my recommendation when the gameplay improves.***********************************************************************************Gameplay is still  just not intuitive.Gave it another hour with the Full Release updates.My captian & crew still wont follow instructions very well, sometimes not at all.So unless you like your character doing things without you askingor not doing the tasks you asked them, I wouldn't recommend this game."
76561198069098054,Not Recommended,264140,14053393,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,J.D.Malingerer,"4.0/10Great game, except it is a bug-ridden horse***t. Heard a lot of good things about this game. I'm guessing it got worse as time went on?The game feels more like early access or beta test version, and only couple hours into playing I encountered a ""two captains"" bug which forced me to kill my best crew member. Aside from crew randomly failing to get on board the ship correctly and plunging into their deaths - which apparently is part of the game design -, I encountered random mutiny bug late game when I got about 18 crew members, and had to resort to constantly loading/saving the game which was extremely frustrating that I finally gave up.More about the bugs:Two captains bug - it happens when you load/restart the day in the midst of battle; your ""first mate"" becomes the new capptain, while the old captain is still alive. You effectively have two guys with [C] on top of their heads, and the bottomleft side health/hunger/morale HUD constantly flickers between the old and the new captains. I tried looking into editing the xml savefile to no avail. The only way out was to kill one of them.Random mutily bug - Someone in the crew keep mutinying randomly even though morale/hunger gage are full and I constantly pay their salaries every two minutes. It started happening after I hired bunch of new guys to train as♥♥♥♥♥♥removers while I train my older crew to man the guns, and it's extremely frustrating because the one who mutiny is chosen completely at random including my old crew whom I've invested in significantly. It happens while sailing, while onboard enemy ship, while on land/town/tavern you name it. Again I tried virtually everything including teaching everyone to clean and poop less, increasing the ship size to almost twice the screen width, installing sword stations to keep them busy and separated, etc.. - oh and of course paying them every two minutes and stocking♥♥♥♥♥♥load of rum and food. At first I suspected a sudden and synchronized pooping of 20 pirates caused flash crash in morale, so I taught every one of them to clean and poop properly; no not it. I installed 5 pictures and 3 plants and separated them into groups of 6~7 across the ship; no not that either. I even went into xml file and changed crew traits that are potentially negative such as 'liar', 'greedy', etc., and increased friendship points; still happens. We take down Lv.8 pirate ship and the captain is busy running around enemy ship looting chests and urns, and one of my oldest and best guy (lv 40) decides to ""go bad"" in the middle of 18 other guys and kills himself instantly.Few other bugs/quirks that are worth mentioning:- Ransom kills do not increase ""renown"" points. It says it does in the game, but in the savefile it is stuck at 0.- Stations that increase pirate stats, such as swords, books(?), and grinding wheels are almost unusable because they are like pirate magnets; all my fishermen guys are busy sweating with swordplay and end up starving the crew.- Cannot place cannonballs at sea and must dock to place them. why?? also since when cannonballs are called ""bombs""? Never would've figured that out on my own.- When you try to move few pirates at once, one or two always ends up not getting the order and stay behind.- Teaching swimming is a must since when you move a large group of guys(~10+), one or two will always end up slipping and falling into the sea; and this is without ""careless"" trait, mind you.- Other minor interface glitches: After selling the same items a few time (such as wooden block) sound is gone. You feel like something is broken but it's not. When you close shipbuilding interface while placing a block, block info HUD remains on the screen. Come on guys, these are pretty basic stuff.All in all it was pretty interesting game; with great potential. I really enjoyed the game otherwise I wouldn't have played it over ten hours and tried so hard to ""fix"" it somehow. However the game has some very serious shortcomings, such as unfriendly and glitchy user interface, broken game mechanics, and some serious bugs that could completely ruin your experience. For that I'd give it 4 out of 10. I personally believe this cannot be a production version, v1.0+. If it were early access/dev beta I would've understood, but this isnt. Lastly, from now on I'll ignore any ""official"" reviews that gave this buggy software 10/10 and go straight to reading customer reviews first. ""Mostly positive"".. Wow."
,Not Recommended,264140,28524127,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,MegadanX5,"This game has a lot of potential. Build a pirate ship and fill it with crew, teach them skills, equip them, and assign them jobs. Then battle other ships or raid islands. The devs seem to have totally abandoned the game, leaving it buggy and unpolished. It's fun, but I can't recommend it as it doesn't feel finished and doesn't look like that's going to change."
12345678912354678,Not Recommended,264140,33966774,Posted: 2 August,all,ᅚ,unfinished abandoned game
76561198032047535,Not Recommended,264140,24434039,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ShinobiX,Game was abandoned in order to build another game that they likely wont finish either.
76561198015082073,Not Recommended,264140,30883659,Posted: 1 April,all,Rhadamantium,"I have spent many an hour enjoying the pixelated seas, so I am quite sad to thumb this down. I honestly feel the game was so much better at varying stages of development (and of course was easier to be forgiving at those times, with hopes of more to come). Like many others I kept coming back to it to see what had changed or been redone, and after playing about 12 hours the past couple days I am really disappointed to find that the game is far less playable than it used to be.I always played on Legendary because it was really a boringly easy game otherwise, but now I find that legendary means you run into enemies with godly stats almost immediately so I haven't been able to find a balance of challenge/enjoyability again. Furthermore, there are a slew of odd bugs and features that were legit just removed for reasons I can't tell. I read somewhere the AI was rebuilt from the ground up a ways back but it seems to me for the absolute worse.-Captain and crew can get stuck on the shore edge about 30% of the time in my experience, resulting in constant loading just to workaround that issue.-The dodge rate seems to do almost nothing anymore (im assuming this is due to enemies having a really high dex stat and so their hit excedes my dodge... but cmon, level 3 islands and enemies with 300 hp who never miss against my 200% dodge?) Dodge used to be super op a couple years back so in a way it's almost nice, but might as well ignore the stat if it's so easily trumped now, unless you really want the small attack and move speed buffs it provides-AI seems even less managable... was always hard to keep your units doing what you'd like: they auto change targets(same as always), crew automatically all try to go to land when you reach a town with a bar(as always, but you could before select ai options like ""run away when low on hp, or never go to shore"" which are now just gone (and with the shore bug you wind up losing half your crew if you aren't diligent about stopping them from landing)-Graphics, omg... the 'effects' just made it hard to look at, I find myself constantly wishing I could disable the huge amounts of blur and the constant meteor shower of pixels going right to left on my screen. Seems like these things made performance worse than the first time I ever played. My old ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop ran it fine back then and now my pretty decent desktop rig starts getting sluggish in the midgame... I can only imagine the endgame is choppier than it even used to be, but can't stomach testing the current version any further.I could ramble here, as there are a myriad of other smaller bugs and issues that I'm sure you could google readily. Just really bummed because I loved this game as a time sink in the past, but can't even bring myself to enjoy it anymore despite sincerely trying for a couple evenings in a row. Really feels like the game got worse since the last time I checked on it, and I truly wish they had just left it at an earlier state because I honestly used to like it, as my hours played indicate."
,Not Recommended,264140,28144082,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ppowersteef,"It's a fun game, I do have enjoyed it several times.But there have been my nitpicks that removes the replay value of it.- It's hud is not user-friendly, Several aspects that involve scrolling, item management, selling, and stat viewing could all be improved.- Sailing part is rather boring, although real sailing pretty much works the same way, but there was pretty much nothing else to do but sitting in your chair, waiting untill you've reached your destination.- Objectives were pretty much the same, it could have some more variations.Overall, the game is fun though, it has it's sillyness that I've enjoyed while playing, and the management of hunger, crewmates, cash and morality were great mechanics.I've enjoyed several fights and music as well...and man...those penguin sounds....I don't even.But, should I recommend this? After thinking for a while, I decided to say no.The game has it's bugs and nitpicks, and their updates have been really low lately, despite my expectations.Personally, I feel like the devs have abandoned this game in order to have more focus on their new game: ""Pixel Privateers"". at the moment I've more expectations on that game in the future. so it might be better to save your money for that one."
,Not Recommended,264140,32322635,Posted: 10 June,all,Themessy,"I couldn't recommend this game even if it was free.This game is an awful, ugly,  near unplayable mess that feels like it should definitely still be in early access. I played it when it was first released 2 years ago and as far as I can see, no progress has been made at all."
,Not Recommended,264140,14388352,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,TKSRichy  CS.DEALS,"This game is buggy and unfinished. The idea is good, but the excution and programming is crap. Most of the function require too much micro with unpoliched user interface that makes it impossible. Quick cash-in with too little effort(£12 rly?). I would never recommend it atm, revisit this game in 5 years when they actually 'finish' the game and look at game critics before even think about purchasing this game."
,Not Recommended,264140,12017928,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Thiccita Khruschev,"Honestly, it's not great. it's extremely ok. Very repetitive, not enough to do (sail, kill boat, kill more boats, sell. build boat). I would pay maybe $5, but not at it's current price. Also my eyes hurt from the horrible instagram filter that plagues the screen."
,Not Recommended,264140,14399027,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Lem,"To put it nicely, this game is extremly buggy, the controls are dodgy and somewhat awkward, and the gameplay is terrible.This game has good potential, and I hope it updates to be a decent game. Other than that, I regret wasting my money on it."
,Not Recommended,264140,11554717,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Germaldino,"As of right now Pixel Piracy does not seem anywhere close to being finished and out of alpha. Pixel Piracy has potential but as of right now it still feels very underdeveloped. Gameplay feels repetetive, AI tends to be buggy and the combat system is a complete joke."
,Not Recommended,264140,33071192,Posted: 30 June,all,snigg,Don't buy this one. The devs abandoned it a long time ago.
,Not Recommended,264140,15687453,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Dreiszen,"To get this out of the way in advance- I don't know how I spent 20+ hours on this game. I took a lot of time trying to justify this purchase and find something good in this game but I instead burned out fast. Also I left it running in the background while I did other stuff, but we'll get to that later.Apparently, this game has gotten a little better than when it launched, as it's at least a stable, running program that does what it's meant to with some degree of consistency. This has had the unfortunate side effect of revealing it to be a poorly designed and thought out game on several other levels. A lot of things in this game, from the stock Unity pregame config menu to the bizarre use of the English language, lead me to believe that this is less a project someone worked on because they wanted to and more a product hastily thrown together for commercial release.Character creation is arguably worse than nonexistant. There is a character creator at game start, but you just shuffle through random selections until you find the one you want. This is made a little easier by how limited the selections are, and also how little they matter, as you'll see little of your own character in this game. You have direct control of where the Captain goes and who they attack and that's about it. You need the captain nearby to open chests and dig holes but they're otherwise a regular crewmember. If your Captain dies, they're unceremoniously replaced by another nearby crewmember. You might not even realize it happened, and realistically, even if you do it won't notice unless you were particularly attached to your starting character.The central idea is that you build a ship and sail around, destroying other ships, looting and generally doing pirate-y things. There are towns, islands and other ships scattered around the world, and as you sail further towards the edges of the world, enemy encounters increase in difficulty. The problem is that this ""difficulty"" is entirely contrived. Enemies get bigger ships and more crew members for the first few levels, but around rank 5 the ships start to get samey. Coincidentally, this is the rank at which cannon combat becomes a major factor, necessitating a 30-second wait before boarding can begin. The fact that you can't control your gunners' targets and that their AI occasionally locks up for the entire phase doesn't help. Eventually all that increases is the level of the enemies you fight, and by that I mean their HP- and, more troubling, their tendency to know a skill that causes them to violently detonate on death. Otherwise they're not much of a threat- a team of four with decent stats and good weapon experience can handle most ships in the game with no meaningful injuries.In combat, you have almost no control. You can try to direct your captain and crew to attack specific enemies, but they seem to just do as they please, usually aggroing onto enemies that attack them. Since ranged weapons can hit through walls, this means they get juggled between targets a lot and spend much of a boarding operation pathfinding up and down ladders. Trying to watch what's actually happening is meaningless, because the already tiny characters will bunch onto the exact same location. It's actually easier to just watch the equally tiny readout at the bottom of the screen to see if any of your crew has died, and wait for the sound that indicates that all the enemies are dead.There's also islands, and that's about all I can say about that. They have enemies on them and items you can activate. There is one that can be exploited to gain a ton of TP over and over, but for the most part the gains are miniscule. Having to kill thirty natives just to get to two coconuts and a chest with 15 gold in it is less than busy work. A few interesting things are set to happen on islands, but few actually do because of how badly optimized the game is. Far too many times I fought an islander, reduced them to near-death and saw the screen go dark with the prompt for them to surrender and join your crew, only for them to die because the prompt took ten seconds or more to appear. Islands also have treasure that you can dig up with a shovel that costs more than several cannons. Most of these treasures are garbage, but using treasure maps you can dig up some interesting equipment, and in attempting to use it you'll have to do battle with the game's interface.So much of the game is reliant on your pirates, so the menu for equipping and leveling them shouldn't be so much of a mess. All pirates are sorted manually into groups that determine how they're used- the player can never select individual pirates other than the Captain, only entire groups at once. Your crew also never use their skills naturally, as their AI is entirely determined by what group you put them in. This almost entirely means that Ship Crew is the only useful group, as they prepare food and clean♥♥♥♥♥♥off the decks, which is 90% of sailing really- the Training, Gunnery and Boarder groups are only useful if you have a handful of specific items placed on your ship, and presumably Custom 1 (of one) just idles until they get hungry or given a kill order. The problem is that these groups can only be changed by going into the crew management menu, which is a hot mess to say the least. The biggest problem by far is that after selecting a crew member, the only way to go back to the list of crew is to close and reopen the menu. There's no way to sort your crew at all, and the game's internal sorting seems arbitrary- your captain will often end up somewhere in the middle of the top row, even if they're consistently the highest leveled among your crew. This same menu is also how your crew uses items, and between the battle interface being literally unreadable and the menu being difficult to navigate, healing mid-fight is an impossible task.So much of this game seems to have been added in because it was a popular game mechanic and not because it was actually considered in terms of meshing with the game. You can ""plunder"" towns by killing NPCs, but shopkeepers have normal pirate drops, so you're really just locking yourself out. Ships take damage from cannon fire, but enemy crews will just board you well before you deal enough damage, and when they're all dead you can blow the ship up automatically anyway, so really the damage to ships only affects the player ship. There are many different island types and a lot of rare encounters you can find, but they all boil down to ""bump weapons with enemy until death"".By far, what sealed this for me- not just ""this game is bad"" but ""I need to tell people this game is bad"" is that this is all there is. The objective of the game is to defeat the four legendary pirates. They are placed at the corners of a square world, surrounded by rank 9 encounters. Sailing in this game is tedious- the game loads an empty encounter, adds a percentage to the top corner of the screen and makes you wait while it counts up to 100. Nothing happens while you sail but eating and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Events take place in between this, not during. Everything between point A and B is skipped. Enemy ships can interrupt your travel, but there's no pursuit or retreat, just an optional 60% chance to attempt to evade before you're stopped dead and forced to fight. You do this until you reach the corner and meet the game's final bosses- ships at about level 4, with the exception of a single pirate with 600+ HP. They die the same as any other enemy, and you're left in the far corner of the world with the knowledge that you have to do this all three more times.Normally people say this kind of thing with hyperbole, but I entirely and earnestly mean it when I say that this game has caused deep levels of personal regret through my time with it. Looking for improvement made a passable game seem dry and tedious instead. If it were free, I would still not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,264140,29510808,Posted: 26 January,all,Kane,Been a while since I played it so decided to re install and start a new game. Too buggy to play. Cannot open menus and have to force quit the game to exit. Uninstalled after several minutes of frustrating googling to look for a solution that would make it playable.
76561198008389153,Not Recommended,264140,29267201,Posted: 15 January,all,nikz,The game never felt finished or polished; it was abandoned before completion. It's also not intuitive to play and has little documentation. Avoid.
,Not Recommended,264140,18298094,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Crosshatch,"In one word, repetitive. At the end of the game you don't feel any more entertained or successful than at the beginning."
,Not Recommended,264140,30045002,Posted: 19 February,all,=T$E= Philsco,...the f*** happened to this game??It used to be fun!  Now it's broken and buggy.  It's worse than when it was in beta!
76561197976422877,Not Recommended,264140,24686319,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Poor Fucking Infantry,"TLDR: Dont buy it, full of bugs that will never get debugged;In addition, DONT BUY ANY GAME THAT'S PUBLISHED BY Re-Logic.ALL games they published --Pixel Piracy, Pixel Privateers, Terreria-- ended up stucked in a very bareboned, beta state, never finish patching up all the bugs, never fill up the gaps that should have been more contents, and then the developer ""went bankrupt"" & ""project cancelled.""What they did is they consume the players community's expectation, and never fulfill their end of bargain: the promise of bringing its customers a finished game. Instead, once they got the money, they just throw the game out of window and move on to the next project, doing same sh!t.I repeat, Re-Logic is a BIG FAT BAD LIAR, who fiddles the trust of players and is a cancer in Indie Games market, DO NOT BUY ANY TITLE FROM THEM."
,Not Recommended,264140,28394260,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Crionics,"Ok, so here's the deal. However much I love this game and want it to be something I could recommend I can't bring myself to. It's concept is fantastic, but... and there's a big BUT... there are so many bugs that make this game not appeal to me anymore. Countless times I've been doing really well and gotten so far or just started and I will find a big bug that means when I send my captain to the boat sometimes he will grapple on to the boat and it will glitch out and he will then proceed to climb the rope to his death into the water!GREAT!I wish they would go back into developing this game. :( If this magically happens I will change my review."
,Not Recommended,264140,33882103,Posted: 29 July,all,Minty :(,"Unfinished, devs abandoned it and rumor has it they'll just re-make the game and slap a 'Pixel Piracy 2' on it and sell that instead of finishing this."
76561198031619075,Not Recommended,264140,10651683,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Perpendacular!,"Pixel Piracy is probably one of the most prime examples of the pitfalls of early access. Pixel Piracy is nowhere near finished. It's startlingly low on content, depth, and polish. It has a well thought out conept, and it has the solid groundwork of an enjoyable and well-executed game, but that's it. The result is a semi-enjoyable, yet extremely repetitive and frustrating, prototype of a game.The actual game is a strange but creative mixture of FTL and Dwarf Fortress, as you manage the various needs of a group, which you need if you want any hope of survival, namely health, hunger, and moral. You do this by managing them in combat, feeding them, paying them or supplying drinks. They level, you teach them important skills, and spec out their stats. The macro management is relatively fun, as you choose to teach what to your various crew. Do you want to invest in teaching one guy fishing, cooking, and cleaning, or are you too worried that he'll die too easily in some wayward skirmish, or would you rather not overburden one super-crew member and rather disperse the work? Having a large crew is nice, but also expensive, in gold and in food. This form of management and gameplay, along with watching your ship grow to be larger and larger and more functional as you personally design it, is the meat and potatoes of Pixel Piracy, and they are enjoyable and well done. The base game is there, and it's good. The graphics and audio are also charming and polished. The problem, however, is virtually everything else.Pixel Piracy suffers from four primary issues. First let's just talk UI and general control. It's terrible. Shockingly so. Controlling your bundle of haphazard pirates is an absolute pain, and the AI is attrociously bad. There seems to be no rhyme of reason to how your crew wobbles about, as you cannot seem to get them to prioritize and enemy and move in one motion. They need to be heavily baby-sitted through every single command and action, and if you cannot coordinate this collection of bumbling idiots, one of them will die. Very rarely do you feel responsible for any of the deaths, either you have not the slightest clue of what's going on, or the AI just decided that it doesn't want to play along. The fact that it takes about three or four clicks to get the entire crew and their captain to prioritize a certain enemy is just downright idiotic, I'm honestly confused how Re-Logic messed this up as bad as it is, and the simplest aspects of the game and genre, no less. I applaud them for trying to break the mold, but they have to do so with some confidence that it's bareable, which the controls of the game are just simply not. You eventually get used to it, but it's still an infuriatingly awkward design, to describe it briefly and crudely, it's like someone tried to combine elements of 2D point-and-click adventure games with typical top-down RTS games, and no, it did not work out. Oh, and don't even get me started on the map movement and menu setup, it's just as frustrating. You learn through experience not to use the menu or customize your ship while your captain's in a shop.The second issue is how the game adapts to the rogue-lite genre. First of all, there are three modes, normal mode, hardcore mode, and for some reason an arena mode, which showcases by far the weakest aspect of the game --the combat, which I have already explained-- in a typical horde-like fashion. The normal mode gives you the option to save before every movement on the world map, which basically removes any weight from any mistake you make, unless it's a macro mistake. You can die as much as you like and just reload, no problem. No decision carries any importance. Okay, you may think, then just play on hardcore, which has no save feature. There in lies the rub. Due to all of my previously stated greivances about the controls and AI, combined with the game's incredibly random and confusing nature, it's near impossible to play the game feelings as if it's anymore than the roll of the dice. All the time, some tiny detail with go wrong, and literally everything will be ruined. A good rogue-lite/like will wear you down, kill you over a serious of misfortunate events, will make you pay for many little mistakes building up. In Pixel Piracy, the AI just messes up once and everything's over. Just once, the rest of your crew just decides not to follow their captain into battle regardless of their given orders, and next thing you know the game's over. Not to mention that the game has certain checkpoints, namely surviving until you get a sustainable three-person crew with cleaning and cooking abilities and when you intergrate cannons into your combate, that so suddenly kills you that it feels like your efforts meaning nothing in the palm of the RNG gods. Especially during cannon fights, which lack any option of escape after commitment, you can die so quickly and easily it makes everything seem pointless.The third issue is just pure lack of polish. The game is incredibly repetitive, and it's buggy. Pirates falling through blocks, feces hovering inobtainable in the air, a cook who apparently just forgot how to cook, so on and so forth. And the entire game is just the identical ""throw all your crew at once at the enemies' face and see how has the larger numbers"" over and over and over, with only slight various in enemy type. Except when you get cannons, then it's just resource management mixed with spamming and RNG. Oh, and there's like two events, both just boring text across a blank open sea, which boils down to extra XP or paying gold instead of fighting an uncooperative swabbie. It's mind numbingly dull, just busy work in order to get resources to manage. The game desperately needs more meat on the bone.The last issue is just the general confusion and unnecessary learning curve. It's not a matter of discovery of cryptic items and attributes like Binding of Isaac or Dungeons of Dredmor, it's a matter of just figuring out how to play the game. Learning the backwards idiosyncrasies of the AI, or how to cook food, or how to just manage your crew, is not fun, but frustrating. There is no direction, and almost everything is head-scratchingly unintuitive. This is the early action problem, the core aspects of the game, aspects it desperately needs to be enjoyable, are just not there yet.My suggestion, wait on it. The game is currently not worth $15 in the slightest. Maybe it's worth the grind if it's half off or less, but even then, I would suggest waiting. I expect this game to get a lot better, as Re-Logic has proven itself to be a good developer, but right now, it's just not in an enjoyable state, not even truly in a playable one. I would suggest against impulse buying Pixel Piracy, in it's current state, it's just not worth it. Wait a few months, watch its development if you're interested. When the game fixes it's AI and UI issues, and more seriously designs it's the meta of the game and genre, I could see it being fantastic. Until then, put it back in the oven."
,Not Recommended,264140,10796675,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Varmin,"So far this seems like a great game hidden behind a terrible UI. I'd recommend waiting for a price drop, or some much needed polish."
76561197994304908,Not Recommended,264140,29510581,Posted: 26 January,all,Kris,Unfortunately a long time abandoned. Bought and played it a very long while ago and hoped the Devs would work on the problems.They didn't but decided to still steal money from people for an unfinished game.
76561198048917146,Not Recommended,264140,31877529,Posted: 21 May,all,Silver Bane,"The game is/was fun, but there are too many bugs that have been left that need to be fixed. Not sure I can put my trust into the people behind the game again."
76561198065320958,Not Recommended,264140,18160467,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Vault Security,"As I take a wrench to the game, try to imagine I don't enjoy writing this. But this game is unfinished and terrible. The most time you spend on this game will consist of character set up. Trying to make a decent looking Captain and regretting each voice choice you make, because they are all wretched. You either get high pitched idiot, unclear foghorn bellowing, or an actual child reading the voice script. I am 98% sure actual children did the voices and they just edited those clips for the other two random options. Oh yeah, all voices are randomized, no way to pick and choose like the clothing. The world generation options are super unclear too (danger, mystery, drama?) and all your little minions are INCREDIBLY annoying. They all repeat the same one liner at loud volumes over and over. You get a little cosmetic changes as you reach the farthest edges of the map, but it's just background trees and how the blocks look. I'm probably going to add more later. Just wait till I get to the gameplay, this is all audio and graphics. It's ALL disappointing."
76561198287404235,Not Recommended,264140,34541283,Posted: 27 August,all,ThatGuyJordanK,"Alas maties we have a game with a lot of potential, the swash bucklin developers left the fine treasure astray, the game isnt worth yar daploons, Buy somthing that is actually finished and give you more than 53 hours, the game still has many bugs, and doesnt save your progress from device to device Keep your Dabloooons!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,264140,16907825,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,V0iD,"TL;DR  -  The game feels unfinished, not worth the asking price as it stands right now.I played the game for a while... It was fun until I defeated the first legendary enemy and realizing every 4 legendary enemy's threat level is 10... What is the point in travelling to every corner of the map to face the same threat level?I can't recommend the game for the current price because the game feels unfinished as it stands right now. Also keeping in mind that the game is already released ""Release Date: 23 Apr, 2015"". If the price of the game was lower then it's definitely worth the hours you spend on it though.Also I'd like to say that if it had multiplayer then it would take the game to another level of fun. Maybe would have to cut out the RPG elements though, as someone could always be a higher level and it wouldn't be as competitive that way, unless of course it was based on co-operative gameplay instead of PvP."
,Not Recommended,264140,22959315,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Kay K Kay,"i gave it a chance when it was early access. The game is just not developed right. UI is terrible, AI pathing is terrible, barely enough content. Like the devs just gave us scraps of an idea and used the money for another game of theirs called space privateers. If you want to try it wait for it go on sale for a dollar."
76561197965047635,Not Recommended,264140,32492611,Posted: 16 June,all,Twitch,another one bites the dust!Abandoned!
76561198249479742,Not Recommended,264140,33445308,Posted: 10 July,all,Zephyr,"Pixel Piracy is a side scrolling, crew managing, RPG game.Skip to the bottom if you want a summary.GameplayThe Gameplay is simple, and fun. You manage a crew of pirates. Your main goal is to destroy 4 pirate bosses in each corner of the map.You can make your pirates stronger through skillbooks to train them skills, or improve already existing skills to higher levels. Each pirate has an ultimate ability. Ace will recover HP when it is low. Boar will do a lot of damage, charge at an enemy, and stun them. Then there are passive skill books, these can help you make your domestic and offensive issues a lot easier. You can teach your pirates to clean up after themselves after they go to the bathroom (Which is a big issue, it can lower morale quite a bit), you can teach them to cook special foods, you can teach them to fish, you can teach them to learn how to parry, you can teach them to have a higher critical strike chance. There are also skill points. Skill points are obtained when you level a pirate up by combat, or increasing their intelligence, where they gain XP all the time, passively (Although it is a small amount of XP). Finally, you can equip pirates with items. One ranged weapon (Such as a flintlock), or a melee weapon (Such as a sword). There is also a passive item, such as a health potion that is used when the pirate is at low HP.Each pirate can be assigned to groups. The ship crew takes care of the cleaning, cooking, fishing, repairing, and maintinence of the ship. The Boarding crew is the crew which boards the enemy ship in combat. The gunner crew are the ones who man the cannons. The training crew is used to put weak pirates to train themselves in. Then there is a custom crew where ou can put whoever you want in. Then there is the animal crew, all of the animals you find on your journey can be put in here.When you first start off, you have the ability to attack a ship, or go to an island. To move to one of them on the map, it takes a short amount of time. If it is a long journey, you may encounter a pirate that attacks you. You can try to evade, or engage. If you fail to evade, you still engage.When you attack a ship, you have several crews. Two of which, are mainly used for combat. The boarders and the gunners. Gunners use the ship's cannons (If you have any on it). When you first start an engagement, your gunners will have about 30 seconds to fire on the enemy ship, and then enemy ship does as well. After those thirty seconds, you may send your boarders on. Weapons have damage, attack range, attack speed, which are all important. After you defeat a ship, you can either plunder it. When you plunder it, you blow it up and obtain some of the blocks used to create it and a large sum of gold. Or, you can capture it, where you lose your old ship, but take control of the new ship.When you land on an island, usually enemies are a lot harder than on ships, but there are special events and bounties on these islands. Towns can also be on these islands where you can buy items, food, and hire more crew.Your crew needs to be maintained, and has morale. If you fail to pay them on time, or their ship is dirty, they have low morale. If the morale gets low enough, they may commit mutiny. Your crew also needs to eat. You can buy food at towns on islands, or you can fish them up with a fisher. Some food needs to be cooked before placed on your ship to be eaten. Scurvy is also a problem. If you don't regulary feed your crew citrus of some sort, they will slowly take damage. If a crew member dies, they die forever, can't be brought back.ReviewPositives :+ Long gameplay to beat the four bosses.+ Good management of crew.+ Sense of humor by the developers throughout the game.Negatives :- Dead game, developers are no longer updating it, and now working on Pixel Privateers, which is Pixel Piracy, but in space. I found the community manager to be the same that worked on the community of Edge of Space, another abandon game. I don't think this game will get any updates for a long time, if ever.- Not enough variety. There are a decent amount of weapons, but not enough. Everything becomes the same. The same difficulty of ships always use the same 2 ships. It is far too repetitive. After awhile of grinding to get money to progress, it is so boring.- Buggy. Sometimes seagulls can poo on a part of the ship that is inaccessible, lowering your crews morale. Also, the game can just run poorly on many machines for no reason.Not recommendedIts a fun game, but too repetitive. After 20 hours, I don't want to play the game because its the same. I don't want to get passed halfway into the game or even beat one boss because it is mind numbingly boring. There are two encounters, an island, or a ship battle, both end up the same. On an island, your guys swarm the outnumbered enemies and win. On a ship battle, you nuke them with cannonballs in 30 seconds until your boarding crew swarms the outnumbered enemies on the ship. If it were continuously updated, sure, I would recommend it. But I don't see it being updated. Dead game."
,Not Recommended,264140,29896955,Posted: 13 February,all,SkyFyre42,I'm glad I pirated this game.Oh ♥♥♥♥ I paid for it.
,Not Recommended,264140,31596410,Posted: 6 May,all,Pacha,"Pixel Piracy ReviewI enjoyed playing Pixel Piracy for the first couple hours..after that it gotreally repetitive.Pros:-Interesting Graphics-Cool Concept-Customization-Auto SaveCons:-No Updates/Bug Fixes-Blurry Gameplay-Repetitive-Games Price $$If there were some bug fixes and a price reduction I wouldrecommendthis game, as of now it isn't worth your buy.4/10would have my crew poop on my deck again."
76561198125904040,Not Recommended,264140,10750660,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SomeHomo,"Such a shame that this game isn't better. The idea behind it could make this a great title but it falls short due to lack of many little things.Firstly, the way your crew and your captain respond to things is absolutely awful. The AI here is enough to make you want to quit alone. Pirates will get stuck and fall in water (they can't swim and die), They won't be able to get off your ship unless you stick to only a really simple design, and they'll go into battle solo when you didn't even tell them to attack that target.Secondly, things are just too expensive without enough payout. I was generally hanging on by a thread because the risk / reward is so narrow that it would cost me a lot of resources to make just a little money.The control over the pirates, and just the whole game in general seems very clunky.I really wanted to like this game because I enjoy pirate type games but I just can't until they get these few things straight. If I could do it again, I would add this to my watchlist and keep an eye on the development until those things were fixed."
76561198098401375,Recommended,264140,12826617,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Coopepe*2,"Ok before i am judged for my good rating I shall explain. The game has high and low points so to start off I shall give the low points of the game.1.The beginning. Honestly I just found the beginning boring i wanted something a bit more exciting than just appearing at the menu.2.The directions. After I made my character I was so confused on what to do next. I looked at the help section but it didn't help much. So honestly I dont think it was implemented well.Now for the good things in the game.1.  The freedom.I enjoyed the fact that the game doesn't hold your hand. You have to learn how to do things. Its doesn't explicitly tell you. The fact that you only have one objective and that is to beat 4 major pirates gives the player something to work towards while exploring and pilaging like a pirate. I didnt have to go talk to npc's to unlock new areas I could go wherever I wanted. But bear in mind that even though you can go anywhere  you should be cautious. You run the risk of sailing into an enemy that could wipe you out in an instant.2. Creation.I loved the ship creation the most, you can make what you want and it is awesome. I also love that you have the option of capturing a ship if you kill the crew.3.Stats and leveling up.The leveling up in the game is fun and how you get skills is cool. Also the fact that your pirate can have alot of different skills. Leveling up feels good cause the stats influence gameplay heavily. For example if you upgrade strength alot your character will be a tank that can kill enemies easily,or if you increase vitality you can last longer in a battle. It is small things like this that make it enjoyable.All in all this game is not for everyone.However if you are willing to put in a good amount of hours into it you will be satisfied with what you achieve. Especially if you like leveling up games.I rate this a 7/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,28521017,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Bananaquit ✯,"Pixel Piracy is an interesting game that revolves around leveling up your characters and your gear in an attempt to take on harder and harder fights.  For me, the game was the most fun in the beginning and then started to get more boring as it progressed, especially traveling accross the map to the different legendary pirates. I feel like this is one of those games that you buy and play for a couple of hours and come back to it in 6 months to do another playthrough. I would guess that the average person would get around 15 hours of play out of this game (if you like it) so you can judge for yourself it that is worth the money. One thing I really hated about the game was the item leveling system. If I could suggest any changes to the developers of this game I would beg them to change this. The game emphasises progression and getting better weapons, but when your starting weapons grow to an insanely high level you will never use the cool new weapons you get becuase your starting weapons will be so much better from the leveling. Overall, be sure to do some reasearch on this game before you buy it and try to buy it during a sale if possible for the most bang for your buck. If you have any questions about the game feel free to contact me and I can answer them! :)"
76561198115342742,Not Recommended,264140,14721435,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Cyborg Meatball,"It's broken but enjoyable.They changed a lot of things that were just fine before.They removed classes a long time ago but class items are still in the game.The collision detection and lighting is wonky, especially on angled blocks.There are so many bugs it's not even funny to the point where it was actually better in early access than it is now. I can't reccommend it in its current state.PROTIP: If you revamp everything, make sure your game actually works before releasing it4/10"
,Recommended,264140,17305059,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,ロナン六二ゼロ,"People are too ignorant to change their reviews even though its getting majorly updated.otherwise, it's a great game."
,Not Recommended,264140,17150472,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,IH8MyPP,"Although it is interesting i can't recommend this game, it is simply too short, not in a longevity kind of way but in a mechanics and fun kind. I got tired really quickly of this game and cant recommend it for a 10€ game"
76561198100332172,Not Recommended,264140,33150981,Posted: 2 July,all,philly cheese steak,Filled with bugs that prevent you from finishing the tutorial.
76561198060863203,Not Recommended,264140,33833349,Posted: 27 July,all,GOAT,"The developers have abandoned this game, Do Not Buy. It is riddled with bugs and updates have stopped."
76561198010209665,Not Recommended,264140,26593661,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,5A8R3,"51 hours playedBought when it first came out, enjoyed it and the format was interesting however I didn't enjoy the bugs.Left the game.Returned recently - some years later.The game still plays a really low quality sound clip as its intro and this should the summation of the game. When I first played I let it go expecting it was a placeholder but still after years they have not improved such things.Bugs ruin your gameplay;-you are forced you to rebuild your ship to deal with invisible poo that stops all cleaning operations-you are forced to reload your game multiple times on some occasions as the crew/captain get stuck on the shore-your cannoneers will shoot into your own ship-the UI is not smooth-progression causes persistent laggBasically the director became ill (very sorry to hear but glad you regained your health) but the developer gave up with the game from what I hear and both have started a new game seemingly abandoning this game. Although they claim they are patching and fixing it is just not good enough for the time they have had to fix this game.I will not be buying their new game simply out of protest - developers have to learn at some point they cannot simply abandon the product people have paid good money to play but cannot due to bugs.WHEN WILL THE DEVS LEARN? WHEN YOU STOP GIVING THEM MONEYIf you fix this game I might consider looking into your new game.On the plus side I enjoy the character voices and the combat is fun although the stat mechanics are fairly simple.I love the ship building although not when I have to keep rebuilding my ship to get rid of bugged poo.I could really love this game and recommend it however I just feel disappointed."
,Not Recommended,264140,20735477,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Gz│Kitton,"I LOVE THIS GAME. Please finish it for god sake! I completed it a loooong time ago and thought it was great for early access.... apart from it wasn't an early access game.Will happily reply again however there are some bugs that need to be fixed:- pathfinding on the ship is horrendous, do not play if you are looking to fully customise a ship.- skills are very unbalanced, some make no difference where as others make the game to easy.- pets, very hard to charm and invade enemy ships with.- on ship cannons, this is a great feature, it didn't work last time I played.With a few of these bugs gone it would be a fantastic game, however for now its left me feeling like a salty dog."
,Recommended,264140,16459318,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,RockstarCRO,"I will recommend this game, but cautiously to a few.Pixel piracy offers a 2D RPG platform game with minimal controls. Pirates in essence manage themselves while you the player, tell them where to go, organize them in groups, and ensure they have enough food to eat.The mouse allows you to control your pirates. Jumping ship to ship or to land is as easy as clicking over the location (or at). Some ships cannot be boarded right away, but are in range of cannons. Cannons fire while the ships approach one another. Boarding another ship can take some time as the ships have to come into proximity with one another. The ships don't physically move, but the timer countdown at the bottom does (hue hue hue hue). There are different types of cannons, and not everyone can use a cannon. Different pirates can acquire different abilities once given a skill book. Some can navigate faster, some can heal others, some can repair the ship, and some can specialize in combat. Pirates can be put into groups by the player to make selecting easier. For example, some pirates will have the ability to fire cannons, therefor putting these pirates into the ""cannon"" group can keep them on your ship while telling trainees, ship crew or other groups to go board and attack. There are specific attributes that can be upgraded with each pirate. Strength, vitality and dexterity are a few attributes to consider. I've mostly focused keeping them all nicely rounded, but it does help to have a few guys with good aim on the cannons, or wielding a gun. Passive items such as cooking knives can be given to pirates, as well as a secondary side arm meant for ranged attacks. Ranged attacks can be in the form of tomahawks, to flintlock pistols. When boarding or attacking another pirate's ship, once all the opposing pirates are deceased, the player may choose to capture the ship or sink it once all crew members are safely aboard your ship. Sinking a ship will give you some material and gold.Ships can be modified to ones will, given the right materials. When docking on islands, the ships food supply can be restocked, cannons can be added, and even ship materials can be added to expand the boat. Building the boat in the editor doesn't require a lot of skill and is straight forward. Islands boast different shops. Some will have taverns (to hire pirates), some will have goods and item stores, some will have weapon stores, and some will have ship stores. Within these stores small little gimmicks appear as the player should read the fine prints of each item carefully. Pirates need certain items like fruit to prevent scurvy (you'll notice randomly some pirates will simply lose HP). Some pirates that you hire are not up to par, and at the ship store, spare swords can be bought for them to practice with. They need to be installed on a ship manually for it to come into effect.The visuals are appropriate for the game, and have some small effects that really require a double take. Animations are smooth and kept simple. Sounds are varying as all pirates will have something different to say, but have no problem repeating themselves! The most notable sound in game is the splashing, it's refreshing!I like the game, but once you get to a certain point you'll have enough of it. You'll feel like you've done what you can and the only difference is the level of your opponents. This is why I'm carefully recommending it. For a game that is ON SALE and worth a couple of bucks, it's not bad for a few hours of entertainment. If you really want replayability from this game, you'll probably lean to one side of the fence. There is the exception for those who like endless adventure and like competing for a top score.Indie Rating : 7.6/10Standalone Game : 6.0/10A multiplayer feature somewhere in the game may have added a few more points. I would have liked to have a bit more control over my pirates and been actively involved in the fighting rather than observing.GameplayC+Story / CampaignBVisuals / User InterfaceC+Sounds / MusicB-Replay-abilityC+OverallC+ScreenShots :This is what you will be commonly looking atWhile in the loading screen, pirates go about their businessI've upgraded to a bigger shipThis is what the world map looks likeMy biggest ship to date"
,Not Recommended,264140,9470876,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Lowen,"note: I've updated my review to make it shoter and more consise, as well as to reflect recent updates to the game.So, this game is an alpha on early access. I bought it after watching the video, which made it look really fun.Well, some alpha/beta versions of games are really fun and polished. Some aren't.The question is, as of now is it as fun as I thought it would be after watching the gameplay video? Not at all. I really like pixels and I really like pirates, so I absolutely like this as a concept. But as the game is now I don't recommend buying it until a lot more work is done.It's too grindy, everything takes too much time investment to get, and is too easy to lose in a fight. Pirates start with absolutely no skills and you need to buy books to teach them everything AND have talent points to read the book on top of that. If a pirate dies all your investment is gone.The game world feels really static. You ""encounter"" enemy ships and can choose to engage them or try to run away, but once you commit to enganging them they just sit there and don't attack you. Pirate ships don't move around on the world map, either.Only buy the game now if you want to fund its development, not because you want to have fun playing an early version of it."
,Not Recommended,264140,14074352,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,DozyDylan,"Ok,Don't get me wrong this game has some great potential. I think this would be an amazing game if it weren't for a few things that I personally find hard to get past. First of all I dislike the AI for crew mates and captains. You will order them to head in one direction to escape but they turn around and charge the enemy. On top of that the world menu has a VERY rough design. I think if they made that to fit the scheme of the game it would be very nice looking. Some of the good things about this game is suprisingly it has a ton of action. I just don't reccomend this game because I can't get past the glitches. If any of the devs see this and fix those issues post a comment and I would love to try it again and change my review."
76561197972382461,Not Recommended,264140,35262639,Posted: 28 September,all,DoGCyN,"Pluses and Minuses+ Base concept is very cool. Build your ship, be a pirate around a world, recruit new people, board other ships and concur.- Yep... that is the only plus. The game is buggy. Some skills (such as cleaning) don't activate at the same time as other skills (such as fishing), despite multiple crew members having both abilities. This shouldn't be an issue. Pointless to repair the hull on cannon attacks because the destroyed hulls still block cannon shots. Your crew will commit suicide if you click too fast between grappling from an island/ship back to your ship because they will just fall into the water. If they don't have swimming, they're dead.- Honestly, just get rid of swimming entirely. I see sharks in the water. Should've either been a (fairly forgiving, 25%?) random multiplier of a shark eating your crew if one is in the water.- Stat system, despite apparently being heavily patched up to the current build, is broken. Some stats are useless while others are OP (vitality). Poor balancing.- Extremely repetitve- Long load times between each transition that shouldn't be long. Why? This game is not that intensive on a computer system.- Lots of time will be wasted looting a ship. If the morale and hunger ""froze"" during the loot phase, this wouldn't be an issue. Seeing as it doesn't, it's almost pointless to loot everything due to the time wasted doing so. Or rather, it should just auto loot once the ship is plundered. Problem solved.For a game that has so much potential behind it, it saddens me how much this one falls flat. It's hard to pinpoint what the issue truly was during development."
,Recommended,264140,24086557,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Reivax The Knight,"It's a great game. Let me start out by saying that. My only gripe is I feel like it was forgotten. At least give us a one final patch or an occasional seasonal patch or something. I get a glitch where crew memebers will wait right on the edge of an island and not move, then when I try to manually move them onto the ship they jump into the water. Very upsetting. The ship builder is hard to use because you have to delete and create 1 block at a time, gets more lag the larger your ship is."
,Not Recommended,264140,23298768,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Demon Barber,"Like many of the more recent reviewers, I have to say that this game gets old fast. It's fun and interesting for about an hour or two, but after that you realise there isn't a whole lot to this game and it just becomes a slog. Buy it only on sale if you want to waste an hour or two."
,Recommended,264140,23334761,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,MythicalBiscuit,"Pixell Piracy is a mixed box for me.I\'ll start off by saying that yes, I did sink over 4 hours into the game first session, so the game is certainly enjoyable and rewarding to some degree. However, lack of UI clarity and a vague item description hold this one back. Here\'s a basic list of pros and cons in my opinion.PROS:-Lots of islands to visit.-Fun but simple combat.-Killing pirates and getting loot is satisfying.-Neat pixel graphics.-Expanding and building your own ship/crew is enjoyable and motivating.CONS:-UI is vague and difficult to navigate.-Weapons stores tell very little of what the weapons actually do.-When buying crew members, it\'s basically a box of chocolates; you never know what you\'re gonna get (again, thanks to the crummy, nondescript UI).-A constant loot stream in the side of the screen makes it difficult to keep track of any particularly good loot you\'ve gained without checking your inventory periodically.I got this game on sale for roughly $2.50. I figured I could supplement one cup of coffee this week for a full fledged indie game, and I think it was worth it. I look forward to continuing my adventures in the open seas with my crew, Captain Trevor, Mickey, and Vidali, but not before the interface gets a substantial overhaul.7/10"
76561198122625129,Not Recommended,264140,13713852,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,T-Rex,The devs insist on adding new features but neglect their regression testing. The version that just came out after Early Access was more playable than the version they released 6 months later with all the 'added' features. I'm really disappointed and I have lost faith that the devs can mend this game.
76561198028101712,Not Recommended,264140,28408120,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,kajidiablo,"to any retard not already acistomed with this horrid game, they refuse to rework there engine to fix bugs but instead decided to port to the xbox and sell more, buged, coppies of this game quit buying and give them a message we wont put up with this crap when we cant even play the game, and ive had this piece of crud for years now"
76561198254526091,Not Recommended,264140,23538613,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ALICE,"It's super fun (and yes the pirates are CUTE) to me at first...but that lasted for only about 4 hours. Then it gets kind of repititive and boring (and the goals seem somewhat easy).  It could be a great game with new contents, I just don't know if the developers are still working on it. Also with all the patches it still has lots of bugs and that's annoying, I get stuck every 30 min.I got it on promotion but if you are looking to buy this game with its original price, not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,264140,32568706,Posted: 19 June,all,Klokinator,"Devs released an update today, the first in two years, which downloaded itself onto my pc even though I explicitly deleted this game from my library two years ago and put it in the 'hidden' category.The update fixed a bug involving scurvy and pirates losing health... and it broke camera movement.Pixel Piracy, everyone. You just can't make it up.I regret buying their other game, Pixel Privateers too."
76561198028612224,Not Recommended,264140,31642446,Posted: 9 May,all,ito,"Great concept, very well executed as an early access game, but then it was abandoned by the devs.Right now the game feels like it's lacking mechanics, story and variety of content. It's not a final product and probably will never be. A real shame, this could become a great game with some dedication. Can't recommend this game unless you get it for free."
,Recommended,264140,19965099,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Man Bun,"Ever want to be in control of a bunch of small idiots trying to be pirates while they poop absolutely everywhere? Well now you can! In Pixel Piracy you take control of a boat owner with very little coin in your pocket, you go into the tavern and recruit drunks to helper you slaughter the innocent and loot them for coin. Then upgrade your ship, weapon, and skills to take on bigger, stronger crews that do their very best to stop you. Then if somehow you survive long enough you may be able to find one of the four legendary pirate and try to plunder all of his loot. Will you be a great pirate, or be a drunk in the tavern with hoorke, your destiny is up to you   87/100"
,Not Recommended,264140,13638806,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sobe,If only this game played like it looked in the trailer. The menu system is extremely buggy and despite being able to put your crew into seperate groups to better organize them it isn't saved on death or loading a saved game. This becomes a huge pain later in the game when you have a huge crew and you've specifically set up certain crew members for certain jobs.You can hire new crew members but have no control over what kind of stats they will have or what type of character they will be. Your main character has to do all the treasure digging which requires changing out your melee weapon to a shovel half the time.The combat system is very aggrivating. Once in combat you can't control who your crew is going to attack and will often mean you are in a corner fighting while the rest of your crew is on a free for all rampage to the death or victory. The only way to keep members alive is to constantly pause the game then load the crew member screen. Not to mention if you do not teach every single crew member to swim they will die if they get knocked in the water which later on in the game happens a lot.The tooltips in the game for items are very vague. Half of them feel poorly translated from another language other than english.I didn't spend much on this game and I'm glad. This game is no where near the quality of Terraria so do not let that trailer fool you into thinking otherwise.
,Recommended,264140,14101259,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,SIRNINJACAT,"The only game where my progress was abrubtly ended by a violent turtle, which took out my whole team"
76561198025327938,Not Recommended,264140,31199486,Posted: 17 April,all,Generic Minotaur,"Do not get this like other people have said the dev team simply dropped this game, was basically a bait and switch. Dev Teams like this make all of Early Access look bad."
76561198007324938,Not Recommended,264140,18368555,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Megatanis,"Fun for a while, but eventually you'll figure out it's just an unfinished scam that should be on mobile phones.A pity, it did have a glimpse of promise."
,Recommended,264140,11492779,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Comrade Starr,"I bought this game on a whim. I wanted a game where I would control a crew of marauding pirates, pillaging every last piece of gold I could get my scallywag hands on. At first, the game seemed to have a high learning curve. I would get into scuttles, and find my self screaming at my screen, because my crew would lie dead before me. However, after some time with the game, I began to learn its mechanics and understand how to keep my crew from mutiny and certain doom. Favorite part? Definitely designing my own ship, and taking it into the water. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,13721628,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,KoldSlaw,"Sadly, I really wanted to like this game. However, it feels cheap and not fun. There is a lack of controls and there is something missing gameplay wide. I really gave this a go, the idea is good but the execution is poor."
,Not Recommended,264140,13726406,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Supra621,Not even worth the price if it's on sale.
76561198018706672,Not Recommended,264140,16622052,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,◬ TRIΛNGLE MΛN ◬,"I never write reviews. But my experience with this game has me wanting to share.  I have waited for release of this game because I wanted to experience all the game had to offer.Pros++A fun exploration game about pirates.+Build up your own ships.+A variety of enemies to fight with different styles of ships and islands.++Deep crew leveling system with a ton of customization and skill specialization.++A lot of weapon types and a weapon leveling system.+Open world - create your own adventure.Cons--Combat can be a bit clunky and can be exploited. Lots of pausing in early game to heal your guys.-No reason to return to low level territory.---Game breaking bugs still exist (didn't want to continue due to the bug)--Game becomes repeatitive after a few hours.Missed opportunities\\\\No dynamic trade system to travel with goods from one area to another (with higher and lower prices).\\No difference in ship blocks besides decoration (can't buy better sails, stronger hulls, or better cannons, ect.)\\No options for a fleet or keeping captured ships.\\No strategy in combat (more guys, more cannons, and more supplies usually = win)Even on steam sale I could not recommend this game due to game breaking bugs and being a disappointment with missed opportuninites to deepen gameplay.Not all hope is lost, this game could be fixed with new content and bug fixes in later updates."
76561197978387124,Not Recommended,264140,9216498,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Let Them Eat Pancakes,"Has a lot of potential.Been playing it off and on for awhile now. One great thing is the designer is actively changing stuff all the time.The bad news, it changes a bit too much. And not always for the better.Instead of focusing on really working on the user interface (making it clean, simple, intuitive), the designer is focusing elsewhere. And yet the game isn't getting any more fun.I'd go ahead and skip this one for right now. Check in, in a couple months to see if any great strides have been made here."
,Recommended,264140,20830378,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,LICH008,"I had a lot of fun when i first played pixel piracy, it was something else. And the game kept being fun for a while, but after around 10 hours it started to get boring and repetitive. Move around the map, fight an enemy ship and explore another island. There just wasn't much more to it other than that. In the end of the game it even began to feel kind of like a chore. But I played it, and I'm happy I did. The pirates are funny and the random stuff they say is quite enjoyable (until the point that it gets annoying), The ship battles are fun to look at and control and it's just nice to manage your crew. I am recommending this game because I've had fun most of the time while playing this game and it was worth the little money I paid for it. I don't know if it would be worth full price but if you can pick it up for cheap during a steam sale, you should check it out."
,Not Recommended,264140,28538464,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,siveal,"Game breaking bugs and lack of developer support crippled this game. I bought into the early access sale a few years back because the game developer was active on Steam forums and generally put out content or bug fixes every few weeks. They even included community found bugs in patch notes and replied directly to anyone having issues. However, the support has stopped as they've focused their attention on their new games. The developer chooses to ignore the state of Pixel Piracy and have stated it is ""done"". By no means is this game complete or bug free, the bugs that are present will leave you frustrated or unable to continue on your current save. They've also abandoned any updates on GOG.While they've managed to clean up your pirates poo problems in this game, it still won't help the poo that is the game itself. So avoid or check our their newest game.Just a note that this was published by a developer on the Steam forums:""There are no plans for new content, workshops or stuff. This game is finished. We focus on another game, so I hope I don't disappoint you./Chris"""
,Recommended,264140,21284223,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,AddiCat,"I definitely recommend this game, but it comes with a notable caveat; if you try pulling a Noah's ark in this game, it will lag. Terribly. The issue seems to be that even if you have a well-sized crew able to handle all the cleaning, during ship encounters the crew doesn't clean, so the animal poo piles up, and once it does the game lags tremendously, even after the ship is clean. Restarting the game was the only fix (without changing the animal count) until another ship encounter inevitably causes the issue again. I wouldn't bring this up if it seemed an extreme thing to do, but as there is an achievement for capturing 50 animals you'd think the game should be able to handle even a quarter of that. I ended up having to toss a lot of my animals sea-side, alas. :(With that in mind, here are the good points of the game. If you're someone who likes to loot and level up in plenty, you'll find the opportunity to do so here in spades. I didn't find any kind of level cap; I was at level ~160 by the time I finished and there was still much more I could do. The downside to this is that over-leveling makes the legendary pirates look terribly easy (especially the ones without cannons, shame on them), and I was never boarded even once. :PA lot of other reviews discuss the lack of novelty with new areas, but that didn't quite bother me, as I saw them as just opportunities to level up more and build up an even more bad♥♥♥♥♥crew. For the enjoyment in the game was the story I attributed to my crew members through the trials they faced (like the time it was just two of us on the initial one-level vessel, and we single-handedly took down a medium-sized Order ship :P), their little personality blurbs, and unique statting they all had, preferring some to have more strength vs. dexterity or the like. So the game offers to you as much as you're willing to put into it. If you prefer games though that present a real story for you to follow along with however, you should look elsewhere.This is probably the longest game review I've written for a game and it's because it's been such a journey, like day in and day out for over ten days on this game, it feels more then just silly pirates messing around. My pirates had character. Definitely will be revisiting this game in the future because the pirate life is the one for me~"
76561198030936335,Not Recommended,264140,23734463,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,zephyr,"The concept for this game is sound. A fantasy RPG/exploration game where you manage a crew of pirates sailing the seas in search of treasure and adventure. Unforunately, I can't recommend this game because it has several game breaking bugs that make it not worth playing. Two major issues I had were that the pirates, on occasion, just decided to stop cleaning the poop on the ship and that made it nearly impossible to upkeep huge pirate groups. Another game breaking bug I encountered was that occasionally pirates would just get stuck and not respond to directions. On some occasions, they would even get stuck on the edges of islands or boats and end up falling in the water and drowing.All in all, this would be a good game it these bugs were fixed."
76561198154401421,Not Recommended,264140,30611078,Posted: 19 March,all,TechDragon610,Steam has plenty of gems for 10 dollars.....this is not one of them. Long purged from my library due to broken mechanics which are never explained nor function....the game is barely playable. Early Access is a thriving development feature.....which this did not take part of.
76561198063545962,Not Recommended,264140,31316213,Posted: 23 April,all,biffchicken,"Not the best. Too hard to get into with hardly any tutorials or explanations of what to do in the game and how to do it. Too many janky systems that don't make any sense. Wanted to get into it, but couldn't :(. Lamesauce"
76561198140963002,Not Recommended,264140,30713982,Posted: 24 March,all,pandaman02,Honestly didn't even realize it was out of early access.... Sad that it also has been released on the xbox one.
,Not Recommended,264140,28180523,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Blmader,"Too buggy to be playable. I can't get anywhere in this game, there is a bug where you can't control your crew within the area in which you land on islands. They end up getting stuck and then the only way for them to get out is to jump in the water. Other people are experiencing the issue, and cannot continue any further. If they fix this bug then the game will be somewhat playable, but regardless Pixel Piracy has too many bugs that get in the way of gameplay, and overall the game is just way to easy and predictably long and drawn out. If you want a great rogue-like strategy-based game, get FTL instead if you haven't tried it."
76561198026819102,Not Recommended,264140,12925843,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Skarred,such a simple boring repetitive game that it is so mind numbing the only soltion is to watch watch movies and turn your head occassionaly to see if your captain needs healing. why your captain? because hiring crew is a pain and you can deafeat all the bosses with your captain solo. i only took on treasure missions just for something different and they are only benificial if you are under lv 10. you can easily skip to lv 90 in 6 hrs if you dont fall asleep like i did. my most important tip if you crave dull repetitiveness where you have no chance of failure is teach your captain how to swim. that was my only obsticle in the whole game but looking back you can get it at lv 1
,Recommended,264140,23327272,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,divine1,"Pixel PiracyPixel Piracy is a roguelike 'management' game where you build a crew and ship in order to defeat the four legendary pirates. It\'s a simple concept, however the game is built upon leveling your crew and building up your ship, while managing, morale, hunger, gold. There has been controversy, due to it having large gaps between updates, leading to it being called a 'typical Early Access game'. This, however, is not the case anymore, bugs are uncommon, and the game is a fully fledged title. While the coming Cons list is longer than the Pros, it is merely due to the large number of small complaints, over a fewer number of big pros.Pros+Easy to get into+Stylized+Gameplay is entertaining+Creativity is nurtured, through stat growth and ship customization+Character names and other small jokes are funny (MINOR)Cons-Lack of options in ingame menus-Little depth in music and sound effects-Bugs are uncommon, but relevant-Interface is almost an issue, sort of weird to use-Typos are somewhat commonConclusionPixel Piracy has grown from its original Early Access childhood into a mature game with fleshed out features, alongside some minor issues. I recommend the title if you enjoy other games like, FTL: Faster Than Light."
76561198255734687,Recommended,264140,34256118,Posted: 15 August,all,masteralex,Not a bad game but the dev's abandoned it so if you like it in its current state I would recommend it :)
,Not Recommended,264140,24911948,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Lukewalkerz,"Rating: 2/10This game is frustrating to no end. I really wanted to enjoy playing it, but just couldn't. It was enjoyable at first, but it quickly grew old and frustrating with all the bugs.- Really bad tutorial. The tutorial literally ""stops"" like a quarter of the way in and just assumes that you understand the rest... I thought there would be more to it, but aparently that was it. I had to open up the help menu and read everything before even getting started because the tutorial literally teaches you next to nothing helpful.- Swapping ships is cool, but you somehow can't transfer your loot from ship to ship??? I don't understand... You kill enemies from a ship, but you can't move your cargo over before switching ships. I tried a lot of things to transfer the cargo but failed. There might be a way, but if there was the tutorial never covered it and the UI doesn't indicate it.- Your pirates ignoring your commands is so frustrating. It's a major pain getting them to attack the right targets and not to do stupid things on their own. Retreating from combat is literally impossible as the AI is a potato and your guys instantly die.- If you enter combat with an enemy ship, you're forced to engage with it until you win. You initially have a 60% chance to flee combat at the start screen, but if you fail, YOU HAVE to fight NO MATTER WHAT - even if the enemy ship doesn't have cannons or attacks you... so dumb. I've instantly lost games because I accidentally sailed to the wrong location and was forced to fight enemies a lot stronger than me. I don't know why you can't escape combat after it's started - seems like lazy game design.- Crew with the ability to clean your ship won't clean it unless they are part of your ""Ship Crew"" group... I spent hours in a game where my entire ship was filled with poop and was getting frustrated because nothing was being cleaned... Gee, I wish there was a tutorial or help menu to teach me these things.- You can't give your crew specific orders (like clean the damn poop or shoot a cannon). This makes it really annoying since it feels like you have no control in the game whatsoever. You just have to hope the AI is smart enough not to screw you over in encounters.- Knockback is extremely annoying since your crew can't swim initially. Now, it does seem like a somewhat interesting mechanic at first. However, getting half your crew instantly killed because of one enemy knocking everyone back is really stupid. I honestly wouldn't mind it so much IF YOUR CREW WOULD OBEY YOUR ORDERS AND RETREAT PROPERLY.- In towns with taverns, your crew will jump on the land and eat/drink at the tavern costing you gold. This is actually pretty cool. However, it's really frustrating when you need to recall them back to the ship since you have to select all groups to move back to the ship and then physically click somewhere on the ship. Not only that, but if some crew are slow to come back to the ship, you can have others that will go BACK to the land... There seriously needs to be a SINGLE BUTTON that when you click it forces everyone on your ship.- Sometimes looting ships can get really annoying since a lot of the loot is in jars/chests on the ship. Aparently only your captain character can loot items which is really stupid. And it seems like your captain is the only one that can dig for treasure.- Speaking of treasure, the treasure maps suck in this game. It leads you to a location and it's just a regular island. When digging around the ground you won't find anything. So it seems like I must be doing something wrong? I actually wouldn't know if I did anything wrong since there's no tutorial to explain anything and the UI sucks at explaining things. I may have gotten the treasure, but with no message, it's very underwhelming. Doesn't really feel fun at all when it should be one of the most fun things to do in a pirate game.- Leveling up your pirates is interesting at first, but eventually it becomes a major chore. I love leveling up characters in video games since it gives me more control and adds a bit of depth. However, since you can control 10+ pirates at a time, it's really annoying trying to manage all of their stats and skills. The main problem is that it's very easy for your pirates to die in the game (Combat, Cannon fire, Drowning, etc). It's really disheartening when a pirate you've leveled up 10 times gets killed off by something stupid. I really wish you could set it up to level a particular way and let it auto level.- Cooking in the game seems like it's cool, but it ends up being implemented really poorly. Pirates are forced to cook some food before eating it (like fish you catch in the ocean). However, it seems like only the pirates with the cooking skill can eat the food... they don't even prepare the food for the rest of the crew...- Aparently you can only put food on your ship when you're at a dock in town. So even if you're catching fish in the ocean with a fishing rod, you have to go back to town before you can place the food on your ship. Like what? That doesn't even make sense...- Your ship never gets destroyed by cannonballs. Why? Because the stupid cannonballs kill off your entire crew before it even comes close to destroying your ship. Aparently you can automatically hit any part of a ship. There is no such thing as being protected inside the ship. And since you can't control your crew very well, you can end up grouping them together and getting them all massively injured by a single cannonball. Oh, and make sure your crew isn't standing near the edge of your ship since the cannonball will knock them into the water and auto-kill them...---------------The game had some positives, but I'm not even going to list them since it's clear this game is too frustrating to play. I really wanted this game to work since the premise is so awesome and they do a lot of things right. It's unfortunate that the bugs, lack of tutorial, poor UI, poor AI, and bad controls had to ruin it."
76561198052630206,Not Recommended,264140,24427271,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,bleachedpoet,Game was abandoned.
76561198041282479,Not Recommended,264140,29475018,Posted: 24 January,all,Dorian Jay,WHy cant i do anything I was playing then saved and quit. now i cant do anything!!!!! Broken
,Not Recommended,264140,13730862,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,top2266,"I have read and concur with the top comments. The only piracy going on here is the devs stealing your money. Simply put, it's a great idea with abhorrent execution. I recommend you steer clear of this one."
,Recommended,264140,8615720,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Shogun Flame,This is a cool game but it still got a lot bugs in it i recommend that u get it later when they fix all the bugs. For right now save     your money on this game and wait on the better things to waste your time on.I hope that my review help a little.
,Not Recommended,264140,11480752,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Daoloth,"This game puts you in charge of a Pirate Captain with Irritable Bowel Syndrome and allows you to recruit a crew of incontinent sailors.  Your pirates will drop large, steaming piles of human dung all over your ship wherever they are standing, whenever they feel the need to go -- which is often. Seagulls will land on your ship and when one of your pirates scares them away, the birds will also drop a deuce on your deck.  Inevitably, the pirate involved in the confrontation will pinch off a loaf in celebration. The piles of poo will make your crew sick, but they WILL. NOT. STOP. The only way to mitigate this fecal onslaught is by equipping your crew with Diapers, and levelling up one of several poop-related skills from a modest skill tree.  There is a ""perk"" that makes a crew member into a Poop Machine.  You can train them in Toilet Mastery.The game also features some light exploration and simplistic point-and-click combat.PROS: There are very few Pirate-themed games out there. This is one of them.CONS: This is a game about pooping.UPDATE: The game has made it out of Early Access. Congratulations are due!These are several ""improvements"" added in version 1.0, as per the changelog:* BETTER POOP SPLASH EFFECT* Pirates will no longer poop if they are hungry (less than 50% hunger)* Pirates will now clean the nearest poop instead of any old poop* Flying poop now deals 5% max HP damage (as opposed to a small fixed value)In a way, it's refreshing that they are sticking to their guns with this."
76561198090805582,Recommended,264140,11494574,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Trinto2,"Pixel Piracy is a rogue-lite pirate simulator. I will say it right now, It is not for everyone, but I loved it even in it's beta stages.Pros:Extensive Leveling System.Hunger and Morale System that is done well.Difficulty Settings.Great Art and Sound Style.(Debatable) Can be funny at times.Ship Building.Randomly generated worlds.Tons of items.You can seperate your crew into different groups for a tactical aproach to the game.Extensive tutorial. (Press F1)Cons:Not alot of graphics sliders, so the few with really bad computers might not want to get this.Sometimes the AI can be derpy.I havent played the game a lot if you check my hours, but god did i enjoy every single minute. I will give this game a 9/10."
,Not Recommended,264140,16934269,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Average Swine,"The game is fun in the beginning, you travel to different islands in your custom ship, slaughter everything in your path, kill random chickens, hire crew, and blow up boats. However the combat is, well, boring. you just walk up to a guy and pray you have enough power or consumables to beat the enemy, and if you don't, run back to your ship and hope not to get hit by a stray angry turtle. Exploring isnt as fun either. you just walk around on an island hitting stuff and interacting with a limited set of background objects that mostly spawn enemies. Crew management is okay, you'll need to always keep up with morale and hunger. Doing this costs a lot of gold, which you need a lot of if you want to make a big ship. Overall If you like repetative gameplay, you'll enjoy this game."
76561197982240415,Not Recommended,264140,28451638,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Tribe-Griphus,"It could be good, but it's not.Terrible UI.  Buggy.  No depth.  Boring."
76561197988963340,Not Recommended,264140,15667609,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Swagledore,"I'm so disappointed. That's a cool game and all, but so wrongly done. My captain can't use cannon, the cannon guy explose bombs on the crew FOR NO REASON GOD DAMN IT, and that's just the most frustating things I have seen, there are anothers. Can't you script some things correctly or add script so the player won't kill himself ? Anyway I just spend 2.5€ in promotion so that's not a big deal and it was fun anyway for 3-4 hours... But...And please, PLEASE, I don't want to spend my xp points on EVERY members ! Seriously ! With 10 guys it was already a nightmare !"
,Recommended,264140,20485680,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Vala,"The core gameplay is really good and highly addictive.My only complaints are that the inventory management UI is clumsy, which is a pain in the later game when you've looted loads of weapons and you just want to find something specific; and that there seems to be performance issues once the ships start reaching a certain scale, causing massive FPS drops and choppy performance.With a few optimisations here and there, this game could be great."
76561197981924275,Recommended,264140,20296166,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,neogohan_x [SLON],"It's point and click but super fun.There is no story to guide you, but you are free to roam and expand your ship. The stronger the enemys the better ships you can take over and build on them."
,Recommended,264140,20169367,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,NapalmTree,This game has improved a LOT ever since it first came out. I'm impressed on how much it has improved and it still has a lot of potential. A simple but amusing take on a pirate themed game that I find entertaining.
76561198010679109,Not Recommended,264140,11573359,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,ePONYmous,"THAR BE BUGS!I've sunk 50hrs into this and while I really liked it, it's significantly bug-ridden.  It's effectively still in BETA however you are invited to pay full price and like me you probably wont be dissapointed.It's thoroughly enjoyable and isn't really lacking in challenge or content however frequent bugs will frustrate you more than your financial investment deserved.  Most issues you can work around if you find your save file and make incremental backups, rolling back an encounter or two to avoid some issue with one of your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ crew being trapped on a pixel or nothing at all.Shame really because it's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,264140,13758938,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kitty,Son of a Biscuit Eater!Great little game. Really enjoying it. Somewhat addictive. Recommend buying on special!
76561198042436458,Recommended,264140,26080085,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Maximar,It's a good game but not a great one. It has nice art and ideas but the it feels like it's unfinished. It could be way better and deep if they worked harder on it but yeah overall it's a nice casual game which becomes quite repetitive after a while. So I would only recommend it on a good sale.
,Not Recommended,264140,16773332,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,mattgoober,A complete waste of money because its completely broken.
76561198052365293,Recommended,264140,20498470,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,stout_studs,"This is a great game, it is so well designed that I don't even know where to start. There is a lot of depth here that is missed because of the graphics being the way they are. (I like them) There is a learning curve, and here is a few tips along with a link to a let's play video if you want to see the game being played.Tips- Stock up a little food, 2 or 3 sea biscuts on your ship is enough don't put all your food on at once.- Have Fruit or Watermelon on your boat so your pirates don't get scurvy- Get more pirates (always get as many pirates as you can)- Health and Strength seem to be the way to go.- Don't take huge risks. (if you barely survive a level 2 ship encounter don't fight a level 3 next)- Sell bad weapons (Swords, knives, and other weapons sell for a lot so sell them)-  Get a cleaning book, don't send him to fight....- Get a first mate incase you screw up and your captain dies.And here is the let's play if you want to see it being played...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEYT_cwZQwI"
76561197994040040,Not Recommended,264140,34858239,Posted: 10 September,all,guMKa (PK),Do not buy it. The game became worse and worse every update with more bugs that wont be fixed ever.
76561197990234495,Recommended,264140,13784636,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Stablo,One of the best indie rogue like game ever! You should definitely buy it.
76561198120323954,Not Recommended,264140,25041789,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Randall 'Cream' Fernandall,"3/10 the game seemed incomplete if you are looking for something akin to sandbox games such as Starbound or Terraria this isn't the right place to look. The game has a charm to it but it seems incomplete and if you don't mind the pun, a bit shallow."
,Not Recommended,264140,31547206,Posted: 4 May,all,Emu™,"Not developed any further.Had awesome potential, still can give a couple hours of fun, but it is a abandoned project."
,Not Recommended,264140,31889344,Posted: 21 May,all,NickMillion,abandoned long ago
,Recommended,264140,17728251,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Sterlander,"I have a bit of interesting history with this game.When it first came out, I only had 5 or so hours in the game, and thought it was the best thing since sliced bread. I gave this game a 10/10.Then I made a new review for it, a negative one. Stating that the game was complete garbage, and that anyone willing to pay the full price tag for this game were making a very big mistake.So here I am, writing a good review for the game.When I heard that the game was supposedly given new content, and practically remade, I was excited to see what they've done with it.This game was notorious for being one of the least favorite games I owned.I clicked on the dusty Pixel Piracy icon, and gave the game a second chance.I'm glad I did, they have improved this game so much.What they improved, is hard to put my finger on. But they did something that made me happy.I may even go as far as saying that this game is worth the full pricetag. It has improved so god damn much, I almost feel bad for putting it off for so long8.5/10"
,Recommended,264140,19254743,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,T1M,"At first I was hesitant to get this game, but seeing that it was by the creators of Terraria really swayed my opinion. This game is a fairly simple rogue-like, but it's not as punishing as other rogue like games. The game does get slightly repetitive after a while but I've never had a problem with doing the same thing multiple times.  The combat is fun and easy to get into, exploring all the different islands and ships is exciting, and managing your level and stats is quiet simple. It's a pretty nice game overall, nothing too crazy, but still buckets of fun!"
,Not Recommended,264140,13206599,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Sarmacid,Game got rushed from beta and was pretty much abandoned by the developers. There's a lot of stuff that doesn't work and many things left to implement but the developers moved on and are now working on a different game.
76561198031060024,Not Recommended,264140,14297388,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Distracted Distraction,"What the hell is going on?!I recognize that's not the best way to start a critique, but what the hell? I understand this was a lot of work for you guys and thank you for putting in the effort. However, I can't help but feel that effort went to waste after playing today.First of all, that seems to have gotten no attention. Pirates will still not clean or fix the ship at times for absolutely no reason.Furthermore, I think we need to have a little talk as to what balance means. Balance is tweaking certain values of the weapons and enemies and bringing them closer together to keep the game challenging later on, while not making things arbitarily difficult.My captain ran around with a spear for quite some time. Then finally, everyone was ready and the crew took on one of the legendary pirates. After a long battle the enemy captain finally fell and from his body 'the butterfly' was recovered.  A great weapon, even more powerful than my level 20 spear, so of course I immediately gave it to my captain as a symbol of a hard-won victory.Imagine my surprise when I started playing today and my captain appeared to be hitting his enemies with a bloody wiffle bat. Oh lookie, the weapon we took from the legendary captain suddenly does base damage 17 at level 10........Yeah, sorry first mate Rogers, but could you please give the captain his spear back? Turns out the weapon wielded by the legendary captain turned into a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥overnight.Yeah, you're right, fighting that captain seems a whole lot less rewarding all of a sudden. One might even question why the ♥♥♥♥ we bothered."
,Not Recommended,264140,22208958,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Namons,"This game has been available for play for over a year.This game is still experiencing game breaking issues.Here let me list just a few things I found after playing this game for only a few hours.1. Right Clicking repeated to get your select group up onto the ship will, more often then not, cause them to pile up and then having no grapel just fall into the ocean.  If you haven't trained that person how to swim, they are now dead.2. Characters (even the Captain) will enter a stunned state on land as well if you are in any way pushy with your mouse button clicks and they will not move no matter what.  You have to reload to fix this issue.3. Putting a non-background item at the front of your ship will cause everyone to get stuck at the front of the ship when boarding requiring you to right click again to get them to get around the blocking item.4. The game lets you scavenge other ships with your ENTIRE CREW ABOARD.  As long as your Captain is not on the ship you can blow it up and kill your entire crew.5. Vikings have cannons.  I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not.6. Typos.  So many words spelled incorrectly.  It boggles the mind.This game should not be played.  You will get angry.  You will get very angry."
76561198046890003,Not Recommended,264140,16294487,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,slightly sleast,well i bought this game after it was offically released not alpha or betawell they say it wasn't at least. and there is my main problem with it. i bought this game and i had a bit of fun. you build a ship collect a crew then kill stuff with your crew as you get better and your crew level up. then months later they decided to add more♥♥♥♥♥♥and more♥♥♥♥♥♥and patches and changes until suddenly it feels like it's back at pre beta. wtf guys shouldn't you have fixed this when it was early release?i last logged in and after an hour or so my crew mysteriously started dying off and i relized they added a feature where you have to feed them the right food. no more fish and sea biscuitspros:-a casual game that you could run on a computer from 20 years ago with no real issues-cheap price and goes on sale pretty oftencons-still feels like you're buying an early release game because they keep changing everything-eventually your crew and ship will easily overpower enemies it quickly loses all challenge after 20 hours-all guides online are outdated and it's impossible to keep them up to date because the dev team keeps changing everythingit's ten dollars right now but i wouldn't pay 2 for it. you can play this game then next time you load it up everything could change on you. if you do decide to play this then make sure you pay close attention to the news feed.
76561198036125281,Not Recommended,264140,22888467,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Zando Zando!,It is cool for the first hour then it gets extremely repetitive and your crew does not listen and usually kills themselves with the bad controls.
76561198115557715,Not Recommended,264140,14699558,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Horchata,"Pixel Piracy has the potential to be a good game. That said, the UI is counterintuitive, it has a STEEP skill curve, and, overall, just doesn't feel complete. On top of that, I'm pretty sure that the dev. team aren't working on this. I can't reccomend this game in the stage that it's in. I'll change my review if the dev. team ever actually updates it again. I kind of expected more from the dev. team that worked on Terraria"
,Recommended,264140,9508131,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Regalis Ferus,Johnson tried to stab me today. Forgot he had a bomb on him
76561198045446198,Not Recommended,264140,12457014,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ChaoZer0,"Really I do not think this game is worth the time and money. It has a smallish world and it just has that feeling that it is not that good of a game, from the items to the ship making. seems neat but not really."
,Recommended,264140,8018628,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,IrishGuard,"Pixel Piracy is really awesome I am really enjoying it thus far I think its one of the best rouge-like games I have played in years. I love the graphic style and the art style of the game its really fun to look at and the characters and voices in the game makes the game even cute and you get attached to your crew in a very friendly , likeable way. The gameplay is very good and hard also it will take you loads of tries over and over again to get some stuff right but its fun the goal of the game is basically your a pirate and you hire your crew , capture / attack other ships and go to different islands and search for loot and build your own ship and you also need to see how long you surive for. Ill defo be recording some footage and uploading it to youtube soon.The best thing of all is that the developers have uploaded there full entire game on there website for free as a torrent file atwww.piracysim.comI just choice to buy the game because I think these devs defo deserve the money for there effort and I don't like pirating games... hahaha you get it?Overall score id give is 8/10 very awesome game! id highly recommend it for fun and to pass the time if your bored."
,Recommended,264140,9682346,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Neonwolf,Poop cleaning simulator 2014.
,Recommended,264140,21265413,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Terrapin2190,"This is precisely the (somewhat) casual type of game I was looking for.While there are a few features and graphical items that could use improvement, it's very easy to look past that because of how insanely addictive the gameplay is.Not to mention it's brought to us by one of my favorite publishers, Re-Logic! The same group that brought us Terraria! Vitali Kirpu of Quadro Delta, as I've been informed is the developer behind the fantastic art and mechanics you see in-game. (Hope I worded that right. Wanted to get my info correct and give credit where it's deserved)Onward! To the juicy details!Pros:+Play as a pirate!+Free-build your own pirate ship!+Hire your own pirate goons! (Lots of them about)+Capture pets! (haven't figured out how that relates to gameplay yet)+Visit many, MANY islands in search of loot (and various other things)!+Unique RPG/Level up/Inventory system+Casual gameplay (Good one to play before bed, lots of interaction involved too)+Bit of grinding for items and loot (but the way it's set up, it's not overwhelming or tiring)+Attractive 8-bit graphics (If you're like me and like that sort of thing)+Everything I love in a casual game!Cons:-Sometimes have difficulty building a ship(The game states the 'path to ship is unreachable' when it seems like nothing is wrong. Sometimes I'll have to get rid of a hull block that hangs too low or a background decoration for it to work properly. Frustrating, but no big deal.)-Turtorial could be a bit more descriptive.(I jumped to the tutorial via in-game menu for a few various things [including the ship building thing I mentioned above] and didn't see the answer I was looking for. Again had to figure it out myself, which can be good or bad. Personally, I like figuring things out for myself to a certain degree.)-Crew/Character level up screens aren't descriptive enough.(You get your inventory, physical attributes and can place your crewmates under certain labels [BOARDER if you want them to stay on the ship during battle!], but you have to view their current ailment status above their character on the main screen. Which is a bit tedious and took a while to figure out as well.)-A few graphical elements could use improvement.(The sun and moon in particular look like they just don't belong at the moment. I feel weather effects could also use a bit of improvement. Just my own personal critical opinion.)-No way to 'fire' pirates, but you can always kill them if you don't want them on your crew anymore.-NOT a con, just a warning. Watch out for scurvy!As you can see, the cons are many, but also minute. The pros heavily outweigh the cons in my opinion. I can definitely look past the details I mentioned with all the effort and intelligence that has gone into this game. If you like Terraria, there's a 7/10 chance you'll like this too. As far as I know, there is no form of traditional crafting as far as acquirable items are concerned and building is reduced to you building your own personal pirate ship. Though, I haven't played the game long and I would imagine you could build your own pirate island further on in the game.One can hope!You can make up your own mind on this one.My verdict...BUY IT! BUY IT!BUY IT NAU!!!"
76561198076022263,Recommended,264140,21296568,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,SyC | Santu,it took me 2 hours to figure out how to clean the poop...... worth it
76561198108892759,Recommended,264140,21054579,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,SharkSea,It is a FTL kind of game. And tons of fun
,Recommended,264140,19383844,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,BOT J33f,"The game is highly addictive once you get the initial hang of it. There's a few things that aren't explained very well, which leads you to reading up in the Community Guides before actually being able to play the game efficiently, otherwise you'll get discouraged and rue your whole $1.50 spent... lol.The game is slow-growth to rewarding expansion. It's interesting though, because if you play your captain right, you can send him to solo 4 guys at once or more (I'm only Level 16) on a raid and win, with ease. The key is his Evasion. Then afterwards, everything is chump-change, however a gang of dudes (6+) will nuke him fast... lol.It's fairly simple to understand, as the tutorial covers most of the functions. The HELP could use a lot of work, because its poorly written in understanding and explanation detail. There's also a lot of little quirk about the game that I wish could be changed.—Such As:-- If you have a fisherman with Cleaning, Fishing, and Cooking in his skills, but he has a Fishing Rod in hand, he will ONLY fish. He wont clean and he wont cook, which leaves you to removing his weapon and subbing in something else when you have a freakin' million fish because he's so damn good at it, lol. But then he'll cook everything on the deck and then clean up crap afterwards.-- Selling items is a pain in the #*$(^@#&@*(&ing♥♥♥♥♥ If you clicking fast to dump crap from your inventory, you'll sell off some 700+$ item and hate yourself, life, and everything else while you're at it, because 700 is 3-4 pirate raids. There needs to be an item lock feature, or ""secure chest"" you can put those items in so they cant be sold. Like Shovels and Fishing rods, etc.All in all, hunger and money run the game and if you can master them, the game is pretty much done with. ;)Fun though."
76561198039428078,Not Recommended,264140,11615428,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Rampage56,"This game was released a tad bit too early. The idea and premise are fun and the game has its moments but they are quickly forgotten in the face of glaring bugs, spelling errors, and unpolished gameplay. The path finding and task mangement in the game are atrocious and are in need of some serious work. I wouldn't recommend buying this game until those issues are addressed. For example, I watched a ship drink and♥♥♥♥♥♥itself into mutiny while half of the crew were cleaners. Those cleaners did nothing while the bottles and poop just piled up, reducing morale, and  eventually dooming the ship. It was very frustrating to watch an otherwise successful pirate ship fail because the cleaners of the ship were about as effiecient as an upsidedown Roomba. I expect this game to be much better in a few more patches."
76561197975762008,Not Recommended,264140,11617966,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,itsKEN,"Despite being fully released, this game still feels very much like a beta (bugs, design issues). Buyer be warned."
,Not Recommended,264140,11334062,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Dachtah Soos,"This game is a great load of fun, but you should wait for the full release. Once you obtain a larger pirate ship, grappling onto land becomes impossible and I've been getting stuck, like actually stuck, in parts of my ship and starving to death. Also the weapons in the game could use some balancing as well as the combat.TL;DR: Great game, but wait until its full release"
76561198059888916,Recommended,264140,24243535,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,GoldSweeper,"Its a great game, BUT there are a ton of bugs with it and the most notable one being that once your ship gets big enough and you have a ton of crew hands, the whole game gets really laggy and slow. The performance of it all just drops by about 80%. Hopefully this gets fixed in the near future. If it does, will change my thumbs down to a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,264140,16869181,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Lhun,"Game COULD be alright, but it's so damn poorly optimized that it'll give you the same sort of headache as if you tried to play Bioshock Infinite in a 2002 Laptop.The frameloss starts after you're somewhat advanced into the game and in any kind of naval battle."
76561198071275511,Not Recommended,264140,11913701,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,ApatheticExcuse,"Edit again:So now the big patch that has been promised for so long is finally out. I think.See, I'm not going to play it. I do have a reason for this, but you should no longer trust this review implicitly because maybe my reason is unfounded.See, I read the statements made by the below mentioned producer in several posts made before this release. Here's what it boiled down to for me:We couldn't fix this, so instead you should just play differently. We couldn't make multiple decks work because we hard coded the game poorly, so you should just not build multiple decks, but here's a micromanagement tool for you to use so your guys don't starve to death anymore. Ignore the fact that this isn't actually really any different from the previous way of assigning work, and please pay attention to the fact it's on a new menu.I mean seriously. What kind of shoddy solution is that? Maybe I'm misreading everything this guy is saying, but when a dev is willing to admit over and over that his mostly abandonded game that wasn't close to finshed on release doesn't function well and CAN'T BE MADE TO FUNCTION AS INTENDED EVER, PERIOD, it's kind of a sign that I wasted my money on it.Or, from the release notes itself:""Added rudimentary MOD SUPPORT (some game data is now loaded from xml files and can be overwritten in the new Mods folder, don't ask us how to do it, we don't know!) ""Not a shock.Perhaps I'm just mad and frustrated with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs who run with my money, and even more so with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs who can do so while seeming like good guys because they are being ""honest"" and ""transparent"" about what they are doing. Like I say, you should read some other reviews too. But seriously....Edit: Having now put 30 hours into this, and having played several more patches, I still firmly stand beside what I have to say below. This is not a finished product, and the devs have now started work on another game. They claim this is a seperate team, but they also claim that only one person was really working on this game as kind of a hobby, and he is on that team. Which sort of makes me scratch my head and wonder who's still working on this game if it's not any of the people involved with it.I will admit that the game is slightly less broken than it was on release (though the above mentioned producer has no issue admitting it's still a buggy, barely functioning mess in his latest press release, which seems to have now been deleted :s), but I personally think most consumers expect the basic mechanics of a game to work after Alpha, not barely work half a year after full release.I feel my original review was fairly impartial and made other buyers aware of potential issues. Now I simply want to scream DONT BUY THIS CRAP. Blah.Original review:I have such mixed feelings on this game.On one hand, I did throughly enjoy the 7 or so hours of gameplay I put into it before I had no choice but to fight pirates armed with cannons. There were a few little bugs here and there, but all in all the game does manage to have that ""adventure"" type feeling I just don't get from many games that promise it. Managing your crew doesn't devolve into ridiculous, time consuming mircomanagement (unless you want it to), there are enough items and skills and powerups to give it a decent RPGish type feeling, and most of the gameplay itself (beyond some of the ""sail for six minutes while nothing happens"" travelling moments) is pretty fun.On the other hand, by the time those seven hours were up, most of foes I had to face were pretty easy to defeat, except those with the cannons. Who are so game breakingly annoying to defeat that i don't think I'll end up playing this again.It's not a matter of things becoming to hard, it's a matter of them becoming pointless. Yes, I can sink the opposing ship with my own cannons, but then not only do I not feel very piratey (cause, you know, plunder and all), I end up wasting enough ammo and taking enough damage that it's financially impratical to bother trying.And yes, I can still board enemies to capture them, but for whatever reason, the devs have decided to make it so that whenever you attack a pirate holding a cannon ball (which seems to count for at least 2-3 of the enemy's crew), they explode. Even if this doesn't sink the enemy ship with your guys on it, they will envariably kill a few of them, which means I can either maintain a massive crew of low-level guys to use as fodder (once again costing far more than I'll make off of looting), or I can risk losing some of my skilled crew (which is not only yet again not nearly covered financially by my gains, but kind of a massive pain in the♥♥♥♥♥having spent hours building them to the point that I want them at).Heaven forbid some dudes holding cannonballs should get on your ship.The other issue with cannons themselves is they make ship design less interesting. A borg cube suddenly becomes king of the waves because even though it can be damaged to the point where the battle was not worth it in terms of gold, it won't sink like a pretty Spanish galleon will when some dude gets stabbed while holding a cannonball on the lowest deck.So, it's not a matter of things getting too hard - provided no one suicide bombs me, they are arguably a little too easy if anything. I just really dislike that after a certain point in the gameplay, everything I do begins to act as a step backwards. There is no point in proceeding if there are no gains.I'd probably not be too concerned if this was an early access game, or if I could find a mod to make pirates stop suicide bombing themselves. As it is, I believe this is the full release (though I'll have to double check after writing this), and no one seems to have cooked up a fix for my major issue.It also doesn't help that despite being a full release, most of the actual gameplay mechanics just don't work. I don't just mean the cannons. sometimes your dudes will just decide to path into the ocean, killing themselves, and should you add a second deck to your ship, you can count on everyone starving to death because they can't find the food on the deck below them.Buy it if you're a casual gamer or if you die often in these types of games and will rarely get to the point described above. Don't buy it if you like games that give you some sense of accomplishment, cause after a while, you will just get frustrated."
,Recommended,264140,13914413,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sodomite the Devourer of Ass,First pirate game ever to demonstrate the reality of taking ♥♥♥♥♥ while on a boat.
76561198004265177,Not Recommended,264140,10845098,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,mrvisible,"Before buying this game, please be aware that crapping is a major game mechanic. Your little pixel pirates poop like they're toddlers hopped up on raisin bran.If you ever had the urge to see Captain Jack Sparrow take a dump while in mid-duel, this is the game for you. But if you're looking to play a fun game with pirates, rather than babysitting a bunch of toddlers after all-you-can-eat fiber day, you may want to reconsider this purchase.Seriously. No kidding. The pirates crap everywhere, all the time. There are in-game diapers and toilet training manuals. If this kind of humor isn't funny to you, you really won't enjoy this game."
76561198130090058,Not Recommended,264140,34062155,Posted: 6 August,all,Ganther Tumtums,This game is a confusing mess that feels unbalanced and the controls feel annoying
76561198047066681,Not Recommended,264140,23974929,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Strongbuns,"Buggy, developers have abandoned the game so don't expect anything to be fixed/improved"
76561198281701740,Not Recommended,264140,22868416,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Cake Snorter,"The game itself is very good, but by a certain point, the lag gets so bad you are forced to quit. There isnt enough content to justify the price, either"
,Not Recommended,264140,22870894,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,VonAwesome,"The game seems fun at first but it starts to drag on after a few encounters. Ever encounter feels the same with slight changes such as the enemy ship having cannons or the crew/islanders having new weapons.As others have stated, pathing is an issue. Your crew will wander about your ship will there are things to do and never use them. If you ship is dirty and one of your crew members has the cleaning skill, they might just walk right past a mess and let it hurt your crew morale."
,Not Recommended,264140,14397188,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,nachi,These guys give Russian devs a bad name.
,Not Recommended,264140,22079788,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Googarai,"Game Score: 6/10Replay Value: 3/10Price vs Game Content: Price is rather expensive for what is being offeredOverall Score: 4/10Recommended: NoTL;DR Review:Unless you have bought this game on a sale, this isn't worth the money. Sure the game is fun to play at the start, and looks fantastic in the trailers and gameplay shots, but once you're halfway in you will find bugs everywhere and all sorts of unbalanced gameplay aspects that make it nearly unplayable, even on the LOWEST DIFFICULTY. Replay value in this game is also very small. Don't buy it for the full price, it's NOT worth it.Detailed Review:Pixel Piracy is a very appealing game in the sense that this may be one of the only games where you get to manage your own pirate life and crew. It has very charming graphics, a rather unique style of gameplay and very entertaining comedic aspects. As well as this, the gameplay is rather solid, playable and fun.That is, until about halfway through the game.This game definitely needs to be worked on, since there are bugs galore, the game becomes very unbalanced (particularly due to the concept of MORALE), and it generally just becomes frustrating. I chose to play this game in the easiest game mode, dubbed ""Sailor Mode"". This is simply because I wanted to explore the gameplay aspects and obtain all of the achievements this game has to offer first, before I began challenging myself. However, even in this game mode I found that the game eventually got to an unplayable state due to the tedious sailing required just to keep my crew members happy.I would probably recommend this game to just about anyone if the game was balanced and saved from the frustrating bugs that dominate every last corner, but otherwise this just needs to be worked on.But from what it looks like, I don't think that will be happening, considering that the developers have invested all of their interests into 'Pixel Privateers'.All other aspects of this game are perfect. It is just these very annoying things that make this game literally 'sink'."
76561198049408075,Not Recommended,264140,21730309,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Ihmp VI,"So buggy, unplayable."
76561198034469485,Recommended,264140,10295852,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Powermonkey,Pixel Piracy is an incredibly fun game about pooping on the seven seas.
76561198070415794,Not Recommended,264140,14282694,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,iNTUiTiON,"Utter♥♥♥♥♥♥of a game, played a bit prerelease, not much changed, very buggy clunky gameplay, no real overview of your crew, combat is repetitive at best, only 3 types of enemys, game is so blurry ur eyes will die and melt. If u think this game is fun or rougelike u are very wrong. I tempted to say its not even pirate like, since ur options are very limited. STAY AWAY"
,Not Recommended,264140,16408660,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Khlorghaal,"A singleplayer game without time dialation?Its fun for awhile, but theres several apparently minor but game breaking bugs, such as how crew doesnt use cleaning, entire ship gets covered in poop. Poop is central to ship management and its a really bad and unnecessary mechanic.Lots of memory leaks, after about an hour fps drops to 10 on a mid range gaming build. There is no reason for this game to lag.Its a fun game for about a day of play if its on sale, otherwise dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,264140,16705389,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Sparkygravity,"I bought the game because it's listed as compatible with Mac.... but there is a known issue - You can never access any of the menus, which they blame on Steam. Their solution run the game off of steam from command line. Ok did I did that... does the game work? NO!Game doesn't work with Mac, I wrote the developers asked the forums for advice... no response.Maybe... Hopefully they'll fix this in the future. Looks like the game could be fun. But for the lack of response and the incompatibility my review is this... If you own a Mac don't buy this game."
,Recommended,264140,9716345,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,cocacobra,looks coolisnt
,Recommended,264140,20975056,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Viridas,"Very fun game to play, for once maybe. I loved the game until it got boring and grindy. At a certain point there's nothing you can do anymore, and that makes the game utterly boring after all. Still, I had a nice time playing this game."
,Recommended,264140,9514905,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,jek,Like it...Trailer is made in WMM though...
,Recommended,264140,9596526,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,SamuelEdward,best game 2014
76561198070011362,Recommended,264140,12292336,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Eardius,Very nice game with a lot of charme. I played it for several hours and I am still hungry for more content. Hopefully it will get developed till the end...
76561198099399748,Not Recommended,264140,16399592,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,drago,"This game has not finished yet , cool idea , poor execution. User interface is terrible,  battle mechanics  also not good. You are waiting for  every move in map, also they should work  on map design. There's losts of cons, this game needs huge update."
,Recommended,264140,10281911,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Archidamis,best game ever!!! the nice part is that you can create your own ship from scratch.
,Recommended,264140,9444534,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,EL BRO LOCO,it's a hard but very fun game. Love it
,Recommended,264140,9965891,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,GamingMantis,"Its fun but really buggy; it would probably be best to wait it out. The game is really really fun until the bugs appear. I feel like i will play this a lot in the future, also the pirates take a ""ship"" on the ship. HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHh no one? no one?"
,Recommended,264140,21173161,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Raumarik,"Fantastic little game, I've been playing it with my 5 year old and she absolutely loves it. Heck I'll even have a sneaky game when she's in bed. It's fun, you'll get your moneys worth and then some."
,Not Recommended,264140,16529699,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,see you next friday,Played 71 minutes and it already got repetitive.
,Not Recommended,264140,16500015,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,SwordsmanMike,It looks fun but it's confusing and extremely boring. I wish I could return it to get my money back.
,Not Recommended,264140,16833801,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Astro,Hard to understand. i like the company that made it but not this game
,Recommended,264140,15535452,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Dar'Villy,"+ POSITIVE +• good graphics• good idea• awesome customizations  (voices, names, character clothes)• making your own ship and crew -> cookers, fish hunters, poop cleaners• cheap Steam Trading Cards- NEGATIVE -• fights are just about clicking• hard to master, tutorial is bad• 10€ for this? crazy, wait for sale• multiplayer missing :'(• may be fun for 25hours, then u'll get bored"
76561198154987439,Recommended,264140,17256971,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,UniZed,"Bought Animal Cage. *Gets Told its One use*Unwillingly Throws it at a spider. Catches it no Problem.Still has it. Off to sea! Finds Panda on Ship. *Catch*Now I have quite a few pets. I can literally Raid a medium ship with just my pets all together.Not a bad game though. If you like Micromanaging Your Crew. And Your Captain. Then This is the game.A lot of items are expensive at first, but Once you raid some 7 ships and Plunder them. You get materials to sell and Gold.But dont Forget To Pay your Members Or Else they will attemp to kill you.Very fun. Not alot of Replayability since it feels a little Repatative after a while.Sail, Plunder, Sail, Plunder, Sail, Plunder, Sell All your Stuff, Buy food and Guns, Sail, Plunder. Its a endless Rinse And repeat after you gather a large Crew And Have A really Big Ship.Still fun though!6/10"
,Recommended,264140,20926139,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,bvesco,"It's fun. It's simple. It's short. Well, technically it's infinite if you never want it to end but you'll have most of the experience within a few hours. Play if you need a bite-sized diversion."
,Recommended,264140,21090498,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,nogutznogaming,"First of all, I must say that I'm quite impressed with the thought and plot of this game.Pixel Piracy is a pirate game (well, duh) where you are a pirate (more duh) and you have to beat other pirates to be the ULTIMATE PIRATE LORD (which I guess sounds cool). On the way, you can recruit people for your crew (meh, not all that cool), fully customize your ship (SWEET!), and have lots of fun and exploration along the way.Pros:Great plotGreat pixelated graphicsFully customizable ship (THAT'S something you don't see everyday!)Slash at chickens for no good reasonFrom the creators of TerrariaHave fun in generalYou're a pirate. Enough said.Cons.Not the best animationsEVERYONE IS SOOOOOOOOO SLOWYou have to pay your crew and get them drunk to make sure they won't kill youPOOP. MUST BE SWEPT. AT ALL TIMES. That, you you'll be killed.Can't do much while at sea (I mean, how hard is it to place a watermelon/biscuts while at sea???)Chickens can easily own you (I learned this the hard way)Honestly expersive for this kind of gameKinda dumb in generalBad interfaceHard to control EVERYTHINGYou're a pirate. Enough said.BUUUT, other than that, this is a great game. Sure, the creators kinda slipped up on this one, but it's a fine game overall.However, I highly suggest to not get this game until it's on sale. It's a kinda crappy game with normal price, fine/good game when discounted, and a great game when heavily discounted (like during Lunar New Year, right now it's $1.64 CAD).I'd say this game is a 6/10. BUT, that's just my opinion. Alfter all, I've only played an hour, what would I know?"
,Recommended,264140,21126380,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Sugisaki_ken,"Good game but would be boring if you are strong enough, which just need 3h"
,Not Recommended,264140,13509667,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Gavin SplashCash,"This is a very good game, it is broken at the moment though. My ship is a cross between floating biome and pub poker tournament, with cards, rum and plants all over. All my pirates, ALL of them know cleaning and toilet study (or wear diapers) but this doesn't help. Not at all. Pirates after doing a few poop scoops will forget they clean or simply not bother, but they don't mind dumping on the boat, that they still remember. The game either needs a mechanic to sort out morale late game, or to fix cleaning, because cleaning breaks often. My ship just turns into a mutiny. Cheating is a must to clean the ship when you own 20+ pirates and a big ship."
,Not Recommended,264140,12063173,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,B0R4T,"This game is riddled with game-breaking bugs and poorly implemented features.- Crews don't go where they're told- Even on Easy, it is excruciatingly difficult to get a companion to level up with you because they die so fast. Well, if you thought you could keep them out of combat, (1) they don't listen, (2) they don't share XP from kills from your more seasoned fighters.- Morale is broken- UI is broken: if I want to eat food, I have to go to the ""Shipbuilding"" panel... if I want to give my crew a consumable, I have to select them in the crew tab and ""equip"" a ""passive item"". You can't even go to a screen where all of your items are visable at once, which leaves you guessing...- Poorly implemented tutorial. The fact that you can't pause and view the tutorial properly at the same time tells you all you need to know about this problem.- Poor translation- No officially sanctioned community or bug reporting- You can't save the game at your convenience, even on the non-hardcore setting. This wouldn't be so upsetting if the game didn't have so many game-ending/breaking bugs/features. I'm currently stuck on a save where my Captain has 3 health and is bleeding; aka I die immediately after loading.This could have been a great game. The developers jumped the gun by releasing this as a completed product (""1.0"") so soon. Hope they find a way to make things better."
,Recommended,264140,9765549,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Porke,This game makes me moist
,Not Recommended,264140,17974959,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Wrektimized,Fun for a half hour or so. Gets repetetive really soon. Buy something else with your money.
76561198044124352,Not Recommended,264140,16763164,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,20/4,"They promised us enhanced version a long time ago and still haven't given it to us. Don't buy this game, it's a pile of garbage"
76561198207353959,Recommended,264140,23877766,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Rodent,"Right now the game is only 3.49 becasue of a sale and it provides at least 3 hours of fun without becoming tedious. About half the people who buy the game dont like it and only spend enough time to beat one legendary pirate lord and think ""screw this Im not going to spend the time to travel around the map and get the other 3"".  But other people like the game and will replay the game to beat legendary mode. [but they probably will not spend 132 hours on it like me]. The point is the game is worth 3 bucks, even if you dont like it there is enough new things in the beggining to make the game worth it.7/10It still warms my heart to see a ship shapted like a shoe"
76561198053210051,Not Recommended,264140,16710802,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,DC,Not worth the full price. It's buggy and feels unfinished.Maybe if it's less than $5 it'd be ok but there are other way better games out there for cheaper
76561197995027192,Recommended,264140,24057623,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kaotic_Slaughter,"This game has a cool idea, but it needs a lot of help on UI and user experience. It is fun, just takes some getting used to."
,Recommended,264140,18923651,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Rane,"This game is great exceeds forecast. build my own ship, looking for treasure, fight pirates and destroyed his ship.This game is very fun,recommended XD"
76561198114730548,Recommended,264140,19690808,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,carnivorous death sponge,"I say, this is a great game for those people who want a sandbox but want alot of action mixed in and it is challenging too, so don't complain, it just makes it alot more rewardng when you fiinally get past that level 6 ship so you can get back to town. this is my favorite game in my library! I got this yesterday and I have already played 17 hours (I'm writing this in the morning) It's so adicting!  you hire a crew, take down ships, make your own ships, take bounties and more piraty things! I highly recomend this game 6/5 stars!The only thing this game needs is multiplayer."
76561198064495745,Not Recommended,264140,24403959,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Shabby,"My expirience were ruined do to game sudenly deciding that my ship was no longer there, pirates stoped cleaning♥♥♥♥♥♥and generaly werent responding.But not counting that:1. The game is intrsting only at the start.2. The game has been abandoned for over half a year already. (Last update is february 19)3. Once you get direct hit cannons you can spam them on your ship and win any encounter that you face."
,Not Recommended,264140,31912653,Posted: 22 May,all,newho00,"Had potential, BUT this game is Abandoned too much glitch and bug, my crew just dies out of no where. I only bought this game because it was .99 and I REGET spending that much. Do not waste your money on this"
,Recommended,264140,13913939,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Awesomender,"Decently entertaining game if you can pick it up on sale. I would not pay full price for this game, some of you may be asking why, well I'll leave a short answer for you here, and then I'll leave my video for you below to see some of the gameplay and a full review of what I think of the game.Pros-Tutorial (finally)-Simple concepts-Easy starting off-Custimizations-Fun starting offCons-Long loading screens-Easily broken stats-Skills often clash together, leaving your pirate doing nothing-So many bugs-Many items clash with skills, again, leaving your pirate doing nothinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_pOodq3lLo"
76561198053479193,Recommended,264140,14643982,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Mortis,"Well, be ready for a game full of pooping pirates throwing their brethrens' poop overboard. Isn't that enough to buy it?Oh, wait, your crew also has phrases like ""Where is our friendship going, mate?"" and ""Do you even ARRRRRR?"". Already a 20/10, but wait, there's more.You can blow up an enemy's ship to celebrate your victory, or take it and leave your old piece of poop built of 5 poo...wood blocks. Damn!Would reccomend it to waste time. If you're looking for some tactical-strategical crap, like DotA, Starcraft or whatever, you came to the wrong island, Horke!And don't forget to add ""THE POOPLORD"" to your hero's name, it'll give you the feeling of the pirate's atmosphere"
,Not Recommended,264140,12183107,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,eK. AsyA^^,"This game is unfinished. Do not buy. Currently, there is a new sole developer on the project. The original developer left the game Furthermore, the game got a price drop a few days after I purchased it."
76561198039419289,Recommended,264140,9496062,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Gamer Guy71,This game has so much potential to it and i cant wait to see what the multiplayer will be like!! It does need a lot of bug fixes though but that is what i would expect for early access it will frustrate you
,Recommended,264140,9496231,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Klicky,11/10 I have no idea what I'm doing.
76561198113234204,Not Recommended,264140,34890548,Posted: 11 September,all,Campy,"boring after an hour. tried this game multiple times. couldn't get into it. at the very end it gets super grindy, gets repetative and really dubs down the game."
,Not Recommended,264140,29856118,Posted: 11 February,all,オキノーム,"I liked this game. A lot. I wanted to see it grow up, have a family and own a house. Too bad its parents had an abortion."
,Not Recommended,264140,30078758,Posted: 21 February,all,RaajLarge,"Used to be a great game, now it is unplayable."
,Recommended,264140,15485547,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MacLasky,A charming piracy sim rogue-like that will surely steal your heart!
,Recommended,264140,14802354,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Fry The Brain,"Gives you a good idea of the origination of the term ""Poop Deck."""
,Recommended,264140,19367902,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Little Lungs,"Got a crew , pimped them up, got cannons, blew myself up.Best thing i've ever one."
,Recommended,264140,10089424,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Big Buhngo,"Really, the screenshots don't do this game justice. It's not what I expected at all (even after reading about it a little and watching the trailer) but I was pleasantly surprised. The only reason I bought this was because it was made by Re Logic, creators of Terraria (as well as another group I haven't heard of and forgot the name of) and I had a 25% off coupon (2 in fact). I was immediately taken by the menu screen's music and small visuals in the backdrop of palm trees swaying at an angle. I created my world and was off.Moving was confusing at first because I assumed W-A-S-D would work but instead I had to click. I caught on quickly and bought crew members and food (and accidently attacked shopkeeper). Then I made my ship, had to watch a video to learn how to sail, and began my grand adventure.Well, that particular exploration was a bust, because I saved when docking at a town with my captain at 3% morale and did not have the funds to pay him, so he kept losing morale and the game was over when it was out. This part may seem confusing now, but you will soon learn what this all means when you take the first step into the world.......Ready for adventure?"
,Recommended,264140,10556826,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,WYODA,This game is getting better and has helped me not fear the early access games so much!
,Recommended,264140,15929853,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Gúppi,it crashed on me when i placed the last piece of a ship that took 50 minutes to build
,Not Recommended,264140,34600189,Posted: 30 August,all,[kAv]Th3mandalorian,Please dont buy this game or any other from this dev. He is abondoning his games in early access.
76561198133035679,Not Recommended,264140,24587859,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,sPoOkTaStIc Bristof,"This game is somewhere in between meh and allright.PROS>>> The crew management and skill building is nice. By endgame your crew really feels like your, customizable band of thugs>>> There is a lot of wit and humor put into this game. Something pretty entertaining considering overall lack of interesting visuals.>>> The combat is... unique. blowing up and looting ships is fun and overall pretty satisfying.THE SHIPLOAD OF CONS *puns*>>> after defeating the first of the four pirates, there is really no need to kill the rest, because they do not get any more difficult and are prettty much the same.>>> eventually it gets boring and repetitive.>>> Shipbuilding is supposed to be a major part of the game. i never once did it because i just found better ships. a better way to implament Shipbuilding would be, insstead of stealing ships, just take some of the building components and add them to your own vessel.>>> Falling down a similar path as Shipbuilding, taming pets is pretty unescesary because anything a common crab or turtle can do a crewman can do better. pluss, it takes a crewmans weapon slot for an animal cage, and the good, powerful animals are way to hard to tame.>>>All of the towns are the same, except for the items it sells. same with the islands, which are wasted except for buried treasure.>>> There are no custom npc's with actual stories. The names, outfits, starting skills and stats, and story are randomized for ALL of the npcs. this would be okay if not all npcs were like this. (you can only find pirates that are godd at fighting at pirate cities for example.) The npcs are extremely repetitive.thats all i feel like listing. a TEN BILLION TIMES BETTER pirate simulator is SID MEYERS PIRATES please go play that instead of this"
,Not Recommended,264140,22520298,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Lighterthanair,"I really want to recommend this game but in its current state I just can't. While I loved the concept and the gameplay, the dealbreaker for me was the bugs. They tried my patience until I finally just got tired of playing.Though I encountered several bugs, the one that was extremely frequent, irritating, and ultimately made me quit playing was when you order your crew or captain to disembark onto an island they frequently get stuck near the edge of the island. When this happens to your captain, you cannot progress, forcing you to reload the game to the last save. When it happens to your crew members (sometimes multiple crewman at a time) the only way I found I could get them unstuck was to issue an order to send them back to the ship...at which point they promptly dove into the ocean and drowned (unless they had the swimming perk). Thus, you are forced to either reload the last save or accept the loss of crew members you may have spent a long time leveling up and upgrading.If this happened occasionally I could have overlooked it, but I was finding myself reloading my game and replaying the same island encounter over and over again until I just happened to be lucky enough not to have any of my crew get stuck. Then I would go to another island and start the process all over again.Bottom line, I really enjoyed the game when I wasn't dealing with bugs, but the bugs just became too much of a burden and caused more frustration than the game is worth."
,Not Recommended,264140,11570711,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,"Dwayne ""The Rock"" Johnson","I didn't very much enjoy this game, it is an awesome idea, but I couldn't find it playable. There wasn't much of a tutorial, and what was there was extremely confusing. The actual gameplay is hard as nails, any crew you obtain get killed by the first crab that gets in your way. I would have thought that there would have been an invintory management system whist on the open seas, what I mean is that when you defeat another ship, you would be able to strip it of food and other supplies, and if the ship was better than yours, you could take your preexisting food onboard, but alas, I had to wave goodbye to my expensive food. The list goes on, but I think I gave a general idea of how broken the gameplay is. In its current state, I wouldn't reccoment buying this game. May Gaben be with you"
,Not Recommended,264140,24063181,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,dwight shoot,"I only got this game because the people who made Terraria published it; and Terraria is an amazing game. (If you don't have Terraria yet, go get it during the next sale.) However; Pixel Piracy is a disappointment. It is littered with bugs which the developer said he fixed shortly after release, and the gameplay gets boring after a while. I played it for 3 hours straight before it got boring. Some people have an impressive 29 hours, but I like to shut off my computer when I leave my house or go to sleep. The menus and interface are kind of confusing, and the game is ridiculously overpriced for the experience you get from it. It should be $0.99 at full price, not $9.99. Don't waste your money on this game, go get Terraria instead."
,Recommended,264140,8075119,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Jill Stingray,You will die. Alot. But the journey is more fun than the destination.
,Not Recommended,264140,13727698,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DiglidiDude,"World's most confusing game of all time.And I played Dwarf Fortress, mind you!"
,Recommended,264140,25275428,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,A N T H E M,Simply addicting.  Is it a waste of time?  Maybe.  BUT- is it an enjoyable waste of time?  For sure.
,Not Recommended,264140,22877753,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Iffrit Wright,"This game. This game has consumed several of my hours. I assumed there was a plot/ story to this game, that when you defeat the 4 pirates that you'd get a nice ending, with a cutscene or something. but it doesn't even acknowledge it, it's just like ""oh, okay, you defeated the 4 pirates... good 4 u"" and that my friends is when you realised you just spent the past 4.5 hours defeating pirates and collecting enough materials to defeat said pirates. 10/10, the voices are deafening."
,Not Recommended,264140,16725550,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,jebaited,Would not reccomend. Buggy and hard to understand at times.
76561197978824066,Not Recommended,264140,12826359,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Delusionaut,I'm pretty sure I've spent more time writing this review than the devs had devoted to putting this game together.It's an unpolished mess of a game that's stuck in Alpha and mislabled as being complete.Just... No.
76561198038397439,Recommended,264140,22580056,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,mtjohnson.mark,Fabulous Game! It is very simple and that is what makes it so addicting! You can design and build your own ship. Crew management is very detailed and deep. There are endless islands to discover and endless bountys to collect. Great Game!
,Recommended,264140,10499995,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,lil sapling,"Pixel Piracy is a well done pirate simulator that you can play for hours and barely realise it.You can build up an epic ship with a full crew with each their own skills and stats, only to die to your own crew member killing you with a piece of poop. You lose all of your hard work (if you're not playing in pansy mode). You won't get an experience like this in any other game, and this game is really really fun."
,Not Recommended,264140,29175228,Posted: 10 January,all,Gentleman Noir,"Quite boring and bad gameplay, not worth buying."
,Recommended,264140,8071837,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Makadon,Promising and innovative. Character-laden and good for a laugh. Lends some fun at this very early stage but expect bugs and confusion.
,Recommended,264140,9538912,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,TopHatMcFenbury,"After visiting a tavern and hiring a few members for my crew, they promtly climbed onto my ship and♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves in front of the captain not one minute after being hired.11/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,18167153,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Yung BBC,it ♥♥♥♥in sucks
,Recommended,264140,8938946,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Roskoff,"What a marvelous game with a great potential to be much better! You can build your ship, hire some crew, fight epic battles, collect nice weapons/items and explore a huge world with monsters, animals, tribals and a lot of awesome stuff.10/10"
76561198153977044,Recommended,264140,13746715,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,MasterNerd,"I would like to say, that this is a very good game. I have a couple problems with it though. It took me FOREVER to figure out what the heck I was supposed to do. It does have help, but the help isn't really useful. So if you can make an actual tutorial that can keep people to have to alt-tab to the internet to look stuff up, it would be great."
76561198006521459,Not Recommended,264140,12671123,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Ryvucz,"Has memory leaks, large ships cause massive lag, AI gets worse with more crew you have. Not polished."
,Not Recommended,264140,12743130,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,sarancha,Same situation over and over again. just basic game play not advanced further.
76561197994997446,Recommended,264140,9557828,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,cypherX,"Even though the game is in Alpha, it is a very entertaining. It has a  great mix of randomness, strategy, and sandbox features to provide hours of fun. The procedural generation of the game world keeps every new game fresh, and the rouge like nature of the game makes it challenging.You can customize your crew to be a misfit bunch of pirates who's come from all sorts of backgrounds to include A Mad God, Demon God, A space pirate or simple profession like Lawyer, banker, and tax collector. Or you can make one that strike fear into all foes by recruiting a rag tag group of assassins and other miscreants. Customize your pirate ship to be the devil of the seas, or be silly and creative to make it look like a your favorite animal. The choice is yours.Wathc my frist look video herehttp://youtu.be/eyPkHQXjARA"
,Recommended,264140,9565249,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Oliver,"There are a few things that would be greatly appreciated with this game, first a choice in appearance over mashing random till you are happy with the avatar presented, possibly some icons of what the crew members look like when hiring new people too. also, I had a barrel filled with meat but several crew members starved for some reason. Most of all it would be nice to be able to assign each command to a key (plunder, interact etc.) as clicking across the screen is a bit more fiddly with the setup I have and the UI presented. All in all though a good game when you get into it and with it being under £10 [from Sales/25% coupon] I find this game well worth the price."
,Recommended,264140,9567880,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Thicc Loli Dragons,"100% HOOKED! It's litterally the only game I've played in the past three days. It's uh... it's quite sad actually. Aside from that, I'll be honest: I didn't have high hopes for Pixel Piracy. It looked like Re-logic just repeated Terraria all over again, but with more of an RPG aspect this time. That was not the case. Sure the game is made of pixels, but if you look closely, it's a beautiful world that runs smoothly. You can hire your own crew, discover lost treasure, make your own ship (Look at my screenshots for examples) and so much more. Of course the game is still in alpha, but the game is already so amazing! I highly reccomend the game."
,Recommended,264140,9587658,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Professor Dickweed,really fun for $14.99 and i have 40 hrs put in to this game and  when some bug are fixed and new things are add i will play a crap ton more so keep up the good work and yeah!
,Recommended,264140,9588622,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,⥀ Optimus Slime,"Amazing, but the pirates need to learn how to poop over the side of the ship."
,Recommended,264140,9600962,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Karoken,amazing
76561198095839864,Recommended,264140,9614743,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,CloneCommando99,"This game is awesome, it is about both adventuring the lands while fighting enemies, and building the perfect boat in which to rule the pixel seas, I rate it about 9.5 out of 10 due to the difficulty, lack of achievements and also lack of steam trading cards, however, as it is only in alpha stage at the moment, these are minor things that could be fixed soon."
,Not Recommended,264140,10912811,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sno,"I've had ♥♥♥♥♥ that could play smoother.Tutorial really doesn't help much, Game constantly freezes or bugs out."
,Not Recommended,264140,11531937,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Flexible Goat,"Plain and simple Pixel Piracy never should have gone out of early access and sold as a full release in its current state.This game is definitely what most would consider to be an early access title.  I buy early access games all the time with theunderstandingthere will be bugs.Occasionally, newly released games may have minor bugs but the game itself should function as intended and be playable.  I truly wanted to love this game because I loved the concept but I simply can't accept the way it is in its current state.  Other reviews point out the details of what is wrong if youreallywant details.I hope things will get fixed quickly but there is easily months of development needed before it is polished enough to be a proper full release.Please avoid supporting developers that partake in this kind of deceptive and unethical practice of pushing it out and fixing it later.The irony is after researching this mess I found that Alex Poysky (the developer) is such a hypocrite announcing on June 12th:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""That's because the game isn't finished yet and the other 99% want to see a finished product prior to spending their hard earned cash on your title.""""All of this ""We poop out a quick Early Access title, see 100 grand and ride off into the sunset"" Malarchy is damaging the basic premise upon which Early Access stands.""""I find it shameful, embarrasing, and I PERSONALLY apologize, as a developer, as a producer, and as someone within the industry, for having to share the same title as those types of people. For every one of you who purchases the game I try twice as hard to come through, and you can ask the members of the team how hard I ride them to achieve. I always tell them, ""It's not about us anymore, it's about the fact that there are more people expecting this project to be completed than people in some small countries!"". With that type of support there's just no way I'd even concieve leaving. ""With an announcement like this, why on earth did you release this garbage?  You can read the full announcementhere."
,Recommended,264140,9555650,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,NightCascade,i love the game and i recommend this game and i hope a update comes because we need sandbox mode please for the people who want money and items
,Not Recommended,264140,11553580,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Sandrae,"EDIT:  After you get around 7 pirates they stop eating, cooking, cleaning, etc.  This means that they will all starve to death.  This game is not finished and not worth buying until that is fixed.The game is fun but it could be better as there's bugs and missing stuff.  I dont' know why it's being sold as a finished product, though I'm hoping they start patching things up quickly.  Something as simple as the bio of your female character using male pronouns...that should be the easiest thing to fix but it's still right there.  N-E-ways, it's a good buy when it's on sale...otherwise, I'd wait until they REALLY finished the game."
,Not Recommended,264140,11606696,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Tactical Bacon,"Fun at first but quickly turn into a repetitive, imbalanced, very glitchy grind.  The damn thing is supposed to be out of early access and yet, it is one of the most unpolished games I've ever played. Also, the store page is missleading at best.  A game will take you about 10 hours to get through, and by the end it is a mindless grind.  Screw the claim of multiple full game playthroughs, you'd probably die of bordem.  The so-called 'open world' is only mildly accurate as it is just a collection of the same three things over and over (island encounters, ship encounters, and stores).  Also, the idea of having a large crew is completly absurd with the current hunger and morale system.  On the easiest difficulty, it is nigh impossible to support a crew of more than 5.  Actually, this game really is one broken system after another."
,Recommended,264140,10648294,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Leachyu,If this game can be played in multiplayer it will be heaven
,Recommended,264140,10795344,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Megalodon,"This game has a few bugs in it, but nothing serious or unexpected for an Early Access game.And that's about the only negative thing I have to say about it.The game is fun, sucks away time, and feels rewarding. Above all else it's made by some pretty cool people that are serious pros at PR."
76561198123024379,Recommended,264140,12227094,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Pumble,"I really, really like this game. I love the funny voices and sea shanties, the tavern songs, and the general look and feel of the game. It's not incredibly deep or complex, but I don't really want it to be. When another game stresses me out, or I just want to have some fun and be charmed by the little pirates running around and causing mayhem, I load up this game and play. I give it 9/10 for fun, comedy and just being enjoyable to play."
76561198031867232,Recommended,264140,9537617,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,CapnSquiddy,"The game is fundamentally good, however expectantly there are bugs, the worse ones being the spiders, those God. Damn. Spiders."
,Not Recommended,264140,11586777,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,big dick on your picknick,"I really wanted to like this game. Sadly, right now it's so bugged down to the bone it's ♥♥♥♥ing unplayable. 0/10 ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,264140,16365249,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Matt,I love it! :)
,Recommended,264140,9535493,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Zealotical,"Extremely good game for what it is worth. And, being in alpha, will only get better. Being worked on by Vitali alone, he has and is doing a great damn job."
,Recommended,264140,9197947,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,jestrick,"I have been let down by early access games many times. I took a chance on Pixel Piracy, and in my opinion it's worth every penny right now as an alpha, that many games can't compare to as finished products! It's challenging, fun, open world, and something different everytime.I have encounters a few bugs, but nothing restarting the game hasn't gotten rid of so far.You will die often, but instead of this being frustrating, I tend to enjoy starting a new file from the beginning again, because it's always random.I... LOVE... THIS... GAME..."
,Recommended,264140,10578479,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Anubis,"Awesome game really good, has a few glitches that spoil it though."
76561198052762117,Recommended,264140,9597452,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Guardian Io,"Your crew can rule the high seas, and take swords in the gullet. But they have a constant problem of pooping where they sleep/eat/ and train. Kill the monsters, rival pirates, savages, and innocent cats until your bloodthirst has been quenched."
,Recommended,264140,16056309,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,TheAniGamer,"After the updates Pixel Piracy has undergone the past several month's I can now highly recommend this game at the asking price of $9.99. However, it still has a lot of work to undergo but at least the development team went back to this project to bring it up to par with the goals and standards they set out for in the beginning.You play as a pirate of your creation on a quest to kill four legendary pirates. It has a big map, a ship-creation tool, a bounty board, and an array of enemies and little details lacking in prior versions. Not for everyone but if you enjoy pixel graphics and being a pirate, this game is for you! So help support this three-man team and get this game because it is still better than other games like Godus and Castle Story; which have been completely abandoned, so disregard any review older than 2015 on this game if you want a more complete view of what this game will accomplish."
,Recommended,264140,15893887,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,mossy,"A fun game about piracy, looting, and...pooping?20 hours later, the game starts lagging a lot and bugs break the fun.some known bugs include:- the crew not leaving the boat even when on max morale, hunger, and commanded to leave- gunners crew not firing after 25 seconds, even though the enemy continues firing.- pet animals attacking the crew randomly at level 30+"
76561198036338822,Recommended,264140,15915634,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,pupgar1212,good game... good every thingthe only thing i dislike about the game is... that it is pirates and that is just me not liking piratesthe game play is good the art is good (well kinda)wait... there is the fact of THE BRA AND PANTIES ITEMS STILL WORK FOR THE FEMALES... WHY!!!ALSO SPOILER INT IS OP and can make you charater practicaly GOD
,Recommended,264140,15924428,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,EdSkyMéÏstér =DDD,I put gunpowder(cannon ball)on top of my ship then I battle someone with a cannon hit my gunpowder stash.My poop and crew when flying!10/10 will get my ship sink!
76561198046351713,Recommended,264140,15936522,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,goldfish,Got hooked pretty hard on this one. Fun for a quick fix.
76561198144150161,Recommended,264140,15973892,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Ja_Crispy_,"An all around good game. Could use some more story or like a story or campain mode though. Also have some cool ideas about how they could make this muiltiplayer like fighting other players, having friends in your pirate crew and more stuff like that like trading. This game is very fun but could use more stuff."
76561198051992003,Recommended,264140,9543376,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,deathdifire,"This game is fun enjoyable and slightly addicting worth the 10 bucks i got it for definately, i hate how fast my pirates lose moral its a pain in my♥♥♥♥♥also many many bugs/glitches but thats normal for alpha overall 8/10 could use better graphics and more strategic ship and island attacks"
,Recommended,264140,9865916,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Fab Washy,"Best Game If your looking for a game that has a lot of stuff in its Future (Multi-player,Etc.) this is the game to get."
,Recommended,264140,11506977,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Kilrathi,"This game has so much going for it that I can't say what hasn't already been said. It may be buggy, it may be rough around the edges, however this title is worth the money. It is exactly what it claims to be: an open-world rogue-like survival-sandbox about pillagin' and plunderin'.You start with a ship and quickly find yourself fighting off pirates, native islanders, animals and even wandering boxes - all to earn gold so you can build a crew and upgrade your mighty swashbucklin' vessel with the best bits and bobs around. Through teaching your men various skills for combat, sailing, and housekeeping you can build a crew that'll make Davy Jones quake in his booties.Failing that, it makes for a great fisherman / janitor management sim.9/10 - will purchase for friends."
,Recommended,264140,11503012,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,jam,"Its a good game don't get me wrong. But there is way too much waiting between combat, progression is too slow. 4 hours in the game -- no cannon!It also has bugs, my 5 hours playthrough came to an end because my cook refused to prepare food for anyone but himself resulting in the entirety of my 8 man well trained crew starving to death with plenty of food on deck."
,Recommended,264140,16611699,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,cap0n3,"When an Old-School style game gets the modern touch and does it right, it can be AWESOME! This is 80% on that track. It's very playable and fun at it's current state, I have already played 12+ hours and only have faught Level 10 Pirate Ships. It has a bunch or Islands and Pirate ships to explore and BOARD/fight. I emphasize BOARD for a reason. There is a cannon Trait, which is either too weak to really do any damage, or your lazy♥♥♥♥♥pirate crew just won't use. This leads me to the only real negative with this game, you get these books that teach your crew to do certain things, fight better, earn more TP, clean, learn to poop, use the cannon etc. Well even when learned, your crew just sometimes doesn't bother to do anything but drink rum and drop a boat. I found this to be more true when my pirate ship was large with a rather large size crew. So far thats the only real negative I've found in this game, which hurts a little but not enough to ruin it.Some features I would like to see implemented:- Auto Upgrade your crew. Having a large crew and each with TP to use can take some time to upgrade each one.- The traits above must be fixed to take this game to the next level, if a crew member cleans poop, I EXPECT him to clean poop when it's lying all over my ship!- Add more style's to the game, ie diff islands, ships that look dramatically diff. Add more unique ships.- If my crew is standing next to a toliet or food he should poop in the toliet or eat the food. Not die from starvation or poop on my ship."
,Recommended,264140,9588665,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Sparky Bio,An accurate presentation of a pirate's life. Die by getting pinched of the boat by a crab
,Recommended,264140,9841880,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,MagicBurrito,"Do you enjoy laughing and dying? Buy this, then."
76561198042112657,Not Recommended,264140,11535622,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,jbugski327,"Has the idea of a finished game been forgotten? I bought this game on a whim during the 'full release' sale. Reading reviews it seemed like all the top were positive, calling it the 'pirate FTL,' but even with the short time I've put into it, it fails at capturing that. It feels like a beta, and I believe it still should be considered a beta. Interesting how a couple days after release now all the top reviews for it are negative. It honestly feels like a big flash game from some free game website thanks to the amateurish level of polish when it comes to the menus and fonts. I realize I haven't put much time into the game, but at this point I don't care to put any more. Perhaps in a few months with some big updates the game will be worth playing to me, but right now it isn't. I will still be waiting for it to be the 'pirate FTL.'"
,Recommended,264140,10305950,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,vemanik,"""That is one big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; 14/10 would poop again."
76561197994149636,Recommended,264140,9556181,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,MaxKool,"Supremely fun and buggy as hell, I dont mind. Its an alpha only halfway done. The core is fun and if u like FTL,Terreria or Starbound and Pirates.... do i need to say it again.... Pirates.... :D you will probably like this :)"
,Recommended,264140,9287894,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,PinkDaddySasquatch,"Pirates, hobos, rum, and watermelon... what else do you need in a game"
,Recommended,264140,10675887,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gaello,Each game is a new adventure. Definitely recommend for those who loves pirates like me ;)
,Recommended,264140,10196933,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Maximo649,In its current state its slightly boring but progression is constant and it will be worth it. It had a rogue like feeling...so remeber their is no progression if you die but thats normal
76561198074674215,Not Recommended,264140,12384688,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Doc Mitchell,The tutorial is useless and controls stopped working in the first ten seconds and screen blurs from a little bit of movement. Plus everything has a weird lag time.
76561198086469057,Not Recommended,264140,9584698,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,JunksterJoey,"As much as I want to like this game, I really can't find any enjoyment in it. The world customization at the beginning had me excited, but when I started playing it, I found even the core mechanic to be jarring. I know it's early access, but when this is the whole core of the game I doubt it will change. Controls are weird and there is one sharp learning curve, I had to use youtube to understand how to play at all. Hopefully others will keep getting things out of this game, I however, cannot."
,Not Recommended,264140,17898556,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TheDorkenheimer,"This game is absolute garbage. Nothing is explained to you, the AI is horrid, the gameplay is repetitive and monotonous at best, the audio is loud and annoying, and most of your time spent playing the game will be sitting at at a forced loading screen while waiting for your ship to sail to the next island."
,Not Recommended,264140,11513593,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,geometryofshadows,"Still feels very unfinished.  So far everything works, but it feels so unpolished and incomplete,  The interface is very clunky (multipule clicks where one would do just fine)."
76561198098410472,Recommended,264140,11496704,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Party P3opl3 9,"this game is just amazing ,what you see is what you get , a brilliant pirate management game i sea .the music is , well , music to my ears and none of that brainwashing boring old music , the music is catchy long story short .the combat , is what u expect , but sometimes annoying when your crews morale is low , they wont listen in a fight and would rather play cards then help fight .there is alot of content for the price u have to paythis game gets a  7/10 , an excellent game , but the idea itself could be improved. but definately worth your money , so come on , u scurvy dogs :P"
76561198055361976,Recommended,264140,11502206,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Casmodius,It is a good pixel game. 7/10
,Recommended,264140,10574695,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,babbling buffoon,its alright
,Recommended,264140,9463641,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Vidookoo,hah make baby
76561198077240398,Recommended,264140,9626131,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Knarko,Pretty fun game :P
76561198071684793,Recommended,264140,9754368,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Rick Grimes,"An excellent game full of quirky events and plenty of strange sayings, simple yet entertaing and still in alpha!"
,Recommended,264140,9588597,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,H40p,"Pixel Piracy. This game is fantastic, and very, VERY difficault. I always end up dieing on an island. ;) The way the game looks and feels is so good. I hope this game gets more people playing it. Great Job to the devs. Do I recommend this game? HECKZ TO THE YEAHH!"
,Recommended,264140,11827093,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Hypoxiα,"With that letter sent out as of the day of me sending this updated review, I can tell that these people really want to make up for sending out an unfinished game,And god dammit they did just thatGG guys."
,Recommended,264140,9445821,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,rb303,"fun game,although pretty hard, it is unlike other pirate simulators, and gives me a sense of nolstalgiaanother note: i bought this the day before it was reduced... damnit steam."
76561198046376147,Recommended,264140,14976178,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Khazgrim,"Very well made, amusing game.I really like the customization aspect of the game.Only things I would be a bit iffy about isA. The Combat System. It's rather easy to get accidentally killed in this gameB. The Difficulty Spike. Some islands have five really tough dudes on it and can kill you easy, also going from a lvl 1 enemy to a lvl 2 enemy is a huge spikeC. Money. It's very very difficult to get money for yourself, and you have to spend it on a bunch of expensive important items.Overall, I like it."
76561198049248128,Recommended,264140,11493857,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,mokmok8080,"This is a game where you can play as a pirate in a pixely world. It's extremely addictive and a fun game to play. It's a great MMO-RPG game with loads of updates coming soon.The story of the game is amazing. Not only has it been made in an extremely short timeperiod, the creators etc. of the game have been very connected with the community and could not have made this game without them.You will not regret becoming a part of the Pixel Pirateers!"
,Recommended,264140,16094754,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,waste matter,at first this game lacked contentbut i have rediscovered it to find it has greatly inprovedkeep up the good work!
,Recommended,264140,16004557,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,IcyScrumpy,"im gonna give it to you short and sweet.you start off as a single pirate, and you get the gold to hire the people in the tavern with the sailing to the islands and the islands have rogue hobos and the treausre chests and the hidden treasure chests. you hire more people, teach them the cooking, the cannon using, the walking faster, level them up with the exp and increase the stats they have and make them strong. you can fight the pirates on the sea or the chinese or the viking or any other thing i havent seen yet. your goal is too fight the 4 legendary pirates and kick the butts of them. some people even have perks when you hire them like beiong the blind, or being the poop machine.basicly, is fun game where you hire lots of pirates, plunder ships full of scrubs, dig for the treasure, and be a ♥♥♥♥ING PIRATE!"
76561198047988603,Recommended,264140,16818955,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Jason,"You get what you pay for, assuming you bought this on sale.Con:The mechanics are as simple as the graphics once you master the non-intuitive controls and menus.The characters' voices get really annoying really quickly, since they never stop chirping their single line over and over.  And I would swear that intro sfx when you first start the game is a dev's idea of a jump-scare joke.You spend more time micromanaging cleaning up poop and feeding your crew than the exciting parts of sailing and fighting.  Everything is more or less a passive experience.Poop jokes get old when it's ubiquitous and poop never stops in this game.There isn't enough variety in the encounters to make sailing not feel repetitive.  You meet different sprites and environments to interact with, but each interaction is more or less the same.Pro:Good music.  Not great music, but good music.There's enough item, perk, and equipment variety to keep you interested.Leveling and RPG elements for customization of pirates and your ship.There's some suspense in making sure you have enough food and funds to keep your characters happy and alive.You can play it windowed as you do something else, like listening to audiobooks or watching youtube videos.________________________________________________________________________________Conclusion:  For a couple bucks it's fine.  It's definitely no Terraria, but it's three steps up from playing solitaire or minesweeper.  You will playing on autopilot without paying too much attention to what's actually going on in the game for stretches, but there are moments when you succeed and you think to yourself, ""Hey, that's pretty nice,"" and moments where you are in trouble and think, ""Uh oh.  I better focus and pay attention.""  And that's good enough."
,Recommended,264140,16579651,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Storm Wave,"For a long, long time, I have waited for this game to get a little bit better than people said it was.I got it recently and gave it a decisive play.Here is the log of my first adventure:-Started game.-ignored the first island-went to another island-encounter-Tried to board the ♥♥♥♥er-""Walk the plant""-♥♥♥♥er throws stone-breaks grapple-drowns-GameoverSecond try:-Got 3 ♥♥♥♥♥est from the the main island-All of them had the same voice-They walk back to the ship screaming-SHIVERMETIMBERS-SHIVERMETIMBERS-SHIVERMETIMBERS-SHIVERMETIMBERS-SHIVERMETIMBERS-They arrive to the boat-Months of adventure pass♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere-SHIVERMETIMBERS-Attacked an island-SHIVERMETIMBERS-Last guy begged for his life-SHIVERMETIMBERS-said yes-SHIVERMETIMBERS-recieved a cow-SHIVERMETIMBERS-crew still killed him for some reason-SHIVERMETIMBERS-cow was dragged back to the boat-SHIVERMETIMBERS-his name was brian-SHIVERMETIMBERS-captain alone clicked a tribal hook-SHIVERMETIMBERS-7 tribes man appeared-SHIVERME♥♥♥♥INGTIMBERS-Captain dies-Captains last words: -SHIVERMETIMBERS AAAAAARG-SHIVERMETIMBERS-R.I.P The captain. I never even knew his name well-SHIVERMETIMBERS-New captain-New captains catchphrase-SHIVERMETIMBERS-Nothing changed-SHIVERMETIMBERS-New adventure awaits-SHIVERMETIMBERS11/10 SHIVERMETIMBERS"
,Recommended,264140,18561807,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Bablacity,This is a fun game ...... but poop is a problem
76561198084384875,Recommended,264140,17664272,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,mykingjr,It's a nice cheap game but i havn't played it for a while.
,Recommended,264140,16442129,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,gay faggot,This game has a realy good sight of adventure! when i got it 65% off this was definitely worth it i also like how the captain is dumb and cant read the map well XD
,Recommended,264140,10795309,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Treehugga,"What this game is to me: FIrst a foremost, this is a rogue-like. You start with a single pirate, hire crew, pillage, then repeat indefinitely.Why it is fantastic: The value is in the details. You design your ship, level up your crew individually, equip them with gear, teach them skills that benefit combat or benefit the crew morale(cleaning, toilet training, etc). The presentation is fantastic and the little pirate voices will at least give you a good chuckle. The dev team is also very transparent and honest. They intend to support the game for a while after release.You will like it if you liked: FTL, Space Pirates & Zombies, most rogue-likes."
76561198041699470,Not Recommended,264140,21147162,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,"Chef ""Neversaves"" Zakarian","Game just started getting TERRIBLE fps drop/lag (probably about 9th hour in the game)and is unplyable. some sort of memory leak issue/bug I think. kept my interest until then but now I can't play it until there is some sort of bug fix or something.Edit: I got past it by removing my ships sail, would be fine if it was strictly for looks, but it actually has gameplay mechanics (faster ship) to it, making some of these problems kind of pathetic for a game out of ""early access""some of these problems?When building a ship if you have more then 20 ship pieces (which you WILL if you play more then ten hours or so) you CAN NOT. I repeat CAN NOT, scroll through them in any way, any pieces lower then 20 are completely inaccessible for there is no scroll or down arrow to get to them.... hope they weren't too important....The tips/guide is simply terrible, not a huge deal because it's a relatively simple game. but the hints seemed to get stuck because I did a tutorial thing before it told me, I then couldn't do it and the text seemed to stay on the screen until i turned it off.There are certain things that aren't well explained.For one, the stats. I apparently have over 100% chance to hit, if that's the case why can I go take a♥♥♥♥♥♥(in real life) while my pirate and the enemy pirate are just trading ""misses"" for nearly 5 minutes straight (not even an exaggeration)This honestly isn't even a big deal if the mechanics were explained like ""well it's your dextarity matched against enemies ""agility"" or something like that, which is what I have to assume but will never know I guess.as for the second problem with stats VITALITY seems completely useless ""health regen"" is all it seems to do. which would be COOL if it actually worked in combat. it doesn't... so it's one of those stats you throw a couple points into and never touch again because there are better ways to heal on your ship like a crew member with ""doctor aura""Furthermore,The weapons level up with use, simple satisfying mechanic. the only thing is... the ranged weapons don't... you can find grindstones in the game that give you a chance to level a weapon (seperate for ranged and melee) and the higher the level the less chance it is to upgrade, you literally cannot level ranged weapons to max in ANY way. another very simple pathetic flaw about the game, should have been fixed on day one. actual bugs aside, there is no viable way to make ranged pirates, so if you wanted to be a pistol wielding pirate look elsewhere, the pistols cooldown is way too long to be viable and the pirates will just face rush the enemy like every other character in the game, all characters are MELEE in this game.You gain notoriety by doing bounties. what this does, I don't know. it seems like logically it should make it less likely to be interupted by other pirate encounters while sailing but it doesn't seem to be the case. that would be great because sometimes you want to sail somewhere far without it taking 20 minutes because your interrupted 2-3 times.Some weapons can level to 100. logically you would think that these weapons would start a bit worse but end up being 15-20% then weapons that level to 50... this doesn't seem to be the case with weapons I have tested. it also takes FOR-EV-VER to level a 100 weapon, basically you can do a single one in a playthrough.overall weapon design and balance seems poor. lategame all that really seems to matter is attack speed.variety after playing a bit seems very poor. It's really just the same formula over and over, with bigger numbers the further from the middle of the map you get. This leads you to not really want to explore but to rush from boss to boss, stopping only to sell junk, repair your ship, and leveling if you have to gain some power (which is interesting in itself because it seems like once you can kill one boss you can just kill the others with ease because from what I've experienced they are all basically the same exact encounter)Where are unique monster islands?maybe an island instead of having pirates it has a giant cyclops with unique loot.Maybe a kraken could attack your ship while sailing, for a uniqe encounter.just a couple ideas, this game sorely lacks stuff like this.The game is very simple, very repetive, but if you like grindy loot games you can definately have a bit of fun with it, but OVERALL this game feels very unfinished to me and currently I can't recommend it at ten dollars. In it's current state, if it's on sale for a couple bucks it might be a fun time waster but highly advise not getting it until it's dirt cheap or fixed.Also if you do buy it (again hopefully not for more then a couple bucks) do yourself a favor and just play hard mode your first time. It will require 5-6 extra islands and ships to grind early game then make no difference whatsoever after that. so you might as well pick hard because once you beat this it's unlikely you will want to play it again. Now you can atleast say you beat it on the highest difficulty."
76561198017663033,Recommended,264140,9728207,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,LcplSiebold,"This game is in Alpha and alot of fun. The devs are right here on the forum all the time answering questions and taking advice. This new patch saw alot of stuff people have been asking for!Its really alot of fun, and its got alot more coming. Get in on the ground floor and help make it an even better game."
76561198051509119,Recommended,264140,9537585,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Indigenous Ninja,"Amazing. I kinda see it as FTL in a pirate-type way. More ships, less ships (lol)."
,Recommended,264140,11690240,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Gangsta Kitten,"I love shooting down enemy ships, and when I'm done, I poop on the deck and leave. :3Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,264140,16724497,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Dublicious,"It's a good cheap couple hours of fun. If you're like me, you'll never finish it though because it gets extremely monotonous after a little while. There are a total of three things to do: go to town, fight on islands or fight on ships. You don't really control combat it's a matter of leveraging automated mechanics to do all of your ship maintenance and combat."
,Not Recommended,264140,26652453,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Black Puppet,"After a long time I wanted to revisit Pixel Piracy. My first review labeled it as a game that would get boring quickly and I thought: Lets give it another shot. I mean, the game has updated quite a bit and so I wanted to just update the review in case it has gotten better. And this is so far what I got.The game had improved for the better. The graphics were looking nicer and it actually had a proper tutorial this time. Quite good. Seeing as it can get a bit confusing at first. But that is kinda all about it. See, the problem withthis game is simply that it has a lot of potential but that it does NOT use it to its advantage.Sure, you can hire crew members, build your ship, pillage the village (haha kill me pls), attack other ships but that is about it. When I played it the first time, it got boring rather quickly. And this was mainly due to the waitingtimes inbetween the events. And even if you had an event the event was about as boring. There was no strategy involved. Just ""Send the strongest and best gear guy over and hope for the best"".Now after playing it again, I simply got bored and wanted to stop. But before I could the game crashed on me, resulting in having to wait 2 whole minutes for the task manager to show up.If you want to buy this game, buy it on sale. It is... OK at best."
,Recommended,264140,11527626,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,McDonald,"was a fun game, seemed more like a time filler for me though. somthing you would play if you where bored and felt like it"
,Recommended,264140,9857179,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Rocker5804,Its's one of the best pirate 2-D games ive ever played :D
,Not Recommended,264140,14919849,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Oorfaen,"What a fine waste of money this game was. If you're even considering purchasing this game, are not turned away by the many negative comments, and have the money to blow, I suggest you PM me for a free 25% off coupon for pixel piracy. It ends 4/15/15 at 1PM (13:00)."
,Recommended,264140,13772714,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DestructionTM,watched a sailor punt a turd.11/10 would watch again
,Not Recommended,264140,10497306,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,mikk,"graphics and ui look like total♥♥♥♥♥ feels like a sloppy mess. just can't get into it. even if this game was free, i couldn't recommend you wasting your time."
,Recommended,264140,10853565,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,titititititititititi,"This game astonished me.  I was shocked at how much the game changed in one update.  It went from shooting cannons until everyone was dead, to fighting off nosey pirates who boarded my ship before I even had a chance to load my cannons.  All I think this game needs is a better level up system and a story.I was instantly in love with the clever game system and beutiful pixel art.  Even though this is early development this game is as good as any steam game you'll find paroosing the vast expanse of steam games.This game needs some sort of story, with a final objective.  THis was something Terraria lacked.None the less this game is absolutly amazingRECCOMENDED"
,Not Recommended,264140,11671501,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Tonton,i would not recomend this game to anyone in its current state. I am a huge Terraria Fan ( 438 hours on terraria) and this game has a great setup. Piracy sounds very fun. But because of the braindead AI ( for the trainer section have them only be able to TRAIN) and for crew have them only be able to do crew things etc. that would make a major improvement. Also the bugs are terrible for a released game. This game needs a major update before I play agian
76561198017437718,Not Recommended,264140,32371457,Posted: 12 June,all,Tostreim,Would not recommend.
,Recommended,264140,9507550,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,RebelMutt,"UPDATE - Aug. 24 2014The game has now been officially released so I'm going to be a little harder on it. Does that change my overall opinion of the game? Not in the slightest. I still love this game.  I still see amazing potential and can't wait to see what they will put in next to improve it. It does, however, seem like they released the game a bit sooner than what they should have. There are still a lot more bugs than what should be in a released game. The game is not unplayable, in my opinion, by any means. There are just certain things that can become frustrating after awhile. The morale system (while not necessarily bugged) is still out of balance....improved to a degree....but still out of balance.  I feel I can barely go to two islands without one or more of my crew members plotting how they will attack me in my sleep because of how quickly they become unhappy. Now this would be fine if it was a trait that a pirate could get ( like how pirates can be ""greedy"", ""stupid"" etc.) but its not and it seems that some pirates get mad very quick while others are super content all the time and rarely get angry. Even after I give the angry pirates some rum or other substance that will boost their morale, they get angry shortly after. It just feels off balance....but maybe that's just me. Another thing I hope gets fixed soon is the menu interface. There are certain menus (the skill store menu i notice the most) that have items that you can buy but can't read what they are....which would be fine if you had a scroll bar to scoll over and look at them, but you don't. I would say that I wish you could get a bit more gold from chests so that you can further yourself better and at a better rate, but I feel that is part of the rouge-like system and I actually kinda enjoy it. It makes it more of a challenge to survive. I also noticed at certain islands when one of my crew gets attacked and knocked back, sometimes they will keep shimmying backwards until they fall of the island and drowned.  I'm not sure if that is a game mechanic where the pirate is ""scared"" or something but if it isn't, it needs to be fixed right away because it becomes very annoying.  I also found that the playing cards that you can buy to entertain your crew are in need of polishing. When I give them cards to play, all my crew wants to do is play them and they dont get any fishing or cooking done, leading to my crew's ultimate demise.  Also, when i try to pay off my crew so their moral will go up it always makes me overpay them (it says to pay all costs 300 something but then subtracts about 800 from my gold stash....very annoying). I'm sure there are a few more things I could say need improving, but I can't think right of the top of my head. As far as graphics go, they are pretty good. The characters are pretty charming but I wish they had a little more movement then just swinging their held item. The blood effects are pretty good too. I wish that the game's graphics were a little crisper though. Everything looks a little muddy to me, but again, that's just my opinion. The game's music and other audio is absoluly great for me though. I love the death cry's when someone dies and the battle music is incredibly addicting and makes me look forward to a fight. The pirates random voices and quotes are fun and funny to hear and I find myself singing along with the tavern's songs. The cannon fire and sword clashing sounds could maybe be a bit more polished though. The gameplay is still as fun as what it was but now its just not quite as buggy as it was. Getting treasure and winning battles against vikings, hobo's or other pirates to get that treasure is very satisfying. The RPG elements in the game are done well and make every well-upgraded pirate's death a sad and frustrating one (frustrating in a good way). Sending my crew over to another ship to raid it and then blowing the ship up once I'm done gives the feeling that I'm king of the seas and using the parts from the ships I blow up to build apon my own ship to make my crew and I look cooler is a reward in and of itself (sailing on my ship and making it better is my favorite part of the game).Here's what I would want to have added to the game:- I would love to have the ability to name my ship and my crew as a whole (example: ""The Blackbeard Crew"")- I would like if I could set the voice and saying for my captain instead of clicking on a ""voice button"" until I find the right saying with the right voice.- I would like to see higher quality graphics and animation- I would like to see everything else I heard the developers were planning on doing-  I would like to see anything else pirate related- and obviously, I would like to see all bugs fixed(Thats all I can think of as of now)Overall, I think this game is a lot of fun and could be even better if certain things were fixed and added. I still love this game and await every update to see what new will be added. I recommend this game but if you are super afraid of bugs and flaws then I'd say wait on the game as it is still fairly unpolished. But even though unpolished, I still see a bright future for Pixel Piracy.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This game may only be in the alpha stage, but it is already one of my favorite games.  I've been looking for a pirate simulator for so long and now it is here.  Get this game.  Support this game.  Trust me, It is awesome.  I can't wait to see what these guys have in store for this game."
,Recommended,264140,10783037,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Swishers Sweet,Salty_Dogs good game
,Recommended,264140,35274709,Posted: 28 September,all,Private Snowball,"Such a neat game to pass time on, So glad I heard about it from etho years ago"
76561198115308096,Not Recommended,264140,18138429,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Raidenonheels,Sucks. No updates. Buy terraria instead.
76561198053401360,Recommended,264140,9775295,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Falraeth_Senpai,Very addicting so far. I recommend this to all pixel fans
,Recommended,264140,9781394,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,[B8R] cookieman565,"after noticing this game because of noticing i had two vouchers for the game, i decided to look into it more. after looking at youtube videos, screenshots, reviews and walkthroughs i was hooked. after buying the game i was amazed, the graphics were pixelated, shaders worked perfectly, music was piratey but suited the games feel, you could buy supplies, goods, stuff to build your ship with, weapons and more. the atmosphere is incredible. At night comets and stars glimmer in the sky, at day fish and sharks swim under water, trees wave slowly on islands and it feels really fluent.I highly reccomend this game for all the reasons above and more."
,Recommended,264140,9761910,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Javek,Highly Recomend it. Considering this game is only in Alpha it's amazing. Cannot wait for the full release!
76561198065492449,Recommended,264140,9788035,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,skylarsllvn,"really enjoy playing this game, but there are a few things that get kinda old. The danger leveling system is off at times where you'll be warned of a level 2 danger then you check it out and it turns out to be 4 enemy pirates higher level than you and you and your only pirate get wiped out, or you can't make money fast enough to keep up with the greedy crew aboard your ship, and the captain has to be paid as well or HE would even start a mutiny (or do horrible in combat and die.) Overall I find this game to be enjoyable and it's not the best game I have on Steam but it's still pretty fun and I like playing it for a brief time at a time"
,Recommended,264140,9767129,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Captain Khar,"Pixel Piracy is a game that, while still in development, already shows the makings of a great game. You get to build your own pirate ship and try to keep an unruly and kinda dumb group of pirates together. And keep them alive. More often than not you will be the one going into the fray if you want to keep all your little friends alive. If you don't care so much for them though, feel free to send them off onto an enemy ship or to battle a group of native tribesmen on an island then go clean up the mess when they're gone, and pick up their spare cash. They won't need it anymore.All in all it is a fun game that, with some more polishing, will shine. I recommend it."
,Recommended,264140,9775792,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Squirtle,Great content with almost constant updates! It's a must-have!
,Recommended,264140,9772025,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,[TLR] CreatrixVaratio,"This game is fantastic... bought it yesterday and already have 5 hours logged. I havent even scratched the surface of the content either and it is only in alpha, simply awesome."
76561198101884118,Recommended,264140,9775977,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Afterwake Prime,"ARGH!!!!! I really recommend this game!!! It is fun and it is fun and easy. 5 stars, 10/10. It is a good and a fun game to play. ARGH!!!!! Play this game,it is fun ARGH!!!!"
,Recommended,264140,9780913,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Autufm,Contains a lot of bugs but that is to be expected from an early access title. Very fun roguelike with lots of strategy involved. Definately worth the money.
76561197965655393,Recommended,264140,9769049,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Aleph Null,"This game is still very much in an alpha stage, and half the things don't work yet.That being said, the concept is solid and the execution is shaping up nicely.  Picking up the backing of Re-Logic(Terraria) as a publisher brings a lot of the momentum they will need to carry this out."
76561198080333700,Recommended,264140,8584647,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,supr iwnl,This game very good. 10/10
,Recommended,264140,8241223,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,geriatric attack,"Awesome little rogue-like pirate game, a lot of fun but difficult.Still in active development so quite buggy, but a lot of fun regardless!"
76561197992699344,Recommended,264140,8306357,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,jamesthewiz,"Higly recommend, very annoying at times and gimiky but incredibly fun and a good time waster. Cant wait for finished product."
,Recommended,264140,8521634,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,firstknyght,"A great little game with more depth than you would expect. The developers are consistently updating and even making big game changing adjustments...all for the good of the gameplay. Who could not like a game with pirates, building, and plundering! Remember it is sstill in beta, but it is already shaping up to be a great game."
76561198085045955,Recommended,264140,8558655,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Dan ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"This game is very fun, very challenging but unfortunately, very buggy as well. Some bugs are very bad but i suspect they shall get ironed out soon enough."
,Recommended,264140,15578772,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Slappayurface,The weather effects make my video game lagger. IS THIS BUG???? I like this game. I like this pirate game.
,Recommended,264140,9489411,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,deathclaw117,"This game has been really fun. I have loved this a lot and was worth to get on sale.  It can be buggy at times, especially later on in the game but nothing really cripling to my enjoyment.  Besides it is an early access game so I can't complain to much about that.  This game can be very challenging.  I find myself having a hard time maintaining crew and fighting high leveled opponents but am glad that I did not spend my money on something I can breeze through.  Plundering ships and taking loot has been very interesting but challenging later on.  Once the game got easy and I advanced agaisnt higher levels the difficulty expands fast as I struggle to maintain crew and even my own ship.  I find myself addicted to this game now and enjoying it the whole way."
,Recommended,264140,9030854,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Vekeng,"Really addictive game. Maybe not much content right now, but I hope developers will continue working on the game adding new ship components, encounters, features, etc"
76561198093650178,Not Recommended,264140,29029415,Posted: 5 January,all,Hotel-One-Niner,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... I bought this game and i expect a game to run proper after paying for it... Fix this. Now.
,Recommended,264140,20023238,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Red Baby Face,"If you want to play for hours and hours without switching games, this is it!great/8 four thumbs up"
76561198026220218,Recommended,264140,9467417,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,itspandadan,"Easily one of the most fun ive had in months on a steam game.Best described as Faster Than Light (FTL) with pirates and swords.Combat is all based on odds, equip your crew mates with the better weapons and gear as well as managing thier stat poin allocation and seend them into battle, they will do the rest for you!unless of course the pirate is fat, in which case hes probably a lazy slob who is eaily upset, and an upset pirate will outright dishobey orders and eventually fight you to the death unless you can keep him happy.as well as HP Management you must keep an eye on Moral obviously (as stated) and hunger, but its not as easy as 'left click to eat'you gotta have a trained cook otherwise all your crew will be eating is fruit!Not to mention the other game mode; Arena which is basically a round based survival game type.All in all, a really neat little game and im excited to see whats going to be added.highly reccomended for those who enjoyed FTL"
,Not Recommended,264140,11629421,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,The Courier,In a completely unplayable state... <<says it all
76561197972599775,Not Recommended,264140,11575083,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Distroy,"Hi,I have played the game a bit. I think the idea of the game is really interesting. The bad news is the game has some bugs and some issues, and thats important because you just cant play the game successfully.In example:1.When your pirates have low morale they dont go to the cantina to increase their morale AND if you give they rum to increase their morale to obbey your orders, they just dont get out of the ship. GAME OVER2. I captured a new ship (a big one)... My crew they just cant leave the boat. GAME OVERI really feel that im playing a beta and I DIDNT BUY A BETA.(Sorry my bad english, im spanish like some developers of this game :P)"
76561198065057321,Recommended,264140,8486585,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Tux,"Awesome Game. Runs smooth with little bugs. Its a fast paced game with not to much time for you to learn how to play in the start so it can be very frustrating until you learn the game better.The only problem is the morale system is poorly designed, causeing your pirates morale to drop so fast at times there is nothing you can do. Also it causes you to rush through the game because of it. Hopefully the developers get to fixing this HUGE issue soon but they seem to want to ignore the problem**Update: Morale system fixed**"
76561198102082164,Recommended,264140,8373434,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Sir Banana,"Awesome game. You get roam around, building your own ship.  The only thing that bothers me is that it is hard to get to buikd your ship."
,Recommended,264140,15485132,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Eruditio,"I bought this game on a whim ignoring the negative reviews which at the time of my purchase were the only visible reviews of the game. This game has many things going well for it, Pixel Piracy is a fun sandbox pirate crew simulator with rpg elements.There are still some bugs, but it is very playable. I rate games on a doller per hour basis and Pixal piracy for me was worth about $1 an hour of play. If your on the fence give it a try. Its worth it."
76561198060221546,Not Recommended,264140,30155574,Posted: 24 February,all,seymour47,Pretty terrible. Yet another game I purchased on the suggestion of Paul Soares Jr. that turned out to be garbage.
76561198066524573,Not Recommended,264140,31230539,Posted: 18 April,all,TheEndlessAbyss,"I really wish this game wasn't a glitchy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Because it's actually pretty fun and interesting. Simple design and mechanics. But it is absolutely unplayable. Seems like half the time my captain or one of my crew get stuck on the edge of an island, and even if I reload they continue to get stuck. For some random reason after you have like 8 crew members, only the captain will clean the ship. So every once in while you have to just delete your ship to get rid of all the crap. And bad coding of AI causes issues like: if you have a crewmate who uses the canons and fishes, during combat they will just keep fishing away instead of manning the ♥♥♥♥ing cannons. I played this game about a year ago and had no issues. So I'm not sure which patch or who messed it all up. But it is an unplayable pile of garbage and I hope they fix it."
,Recommended,264140,20254470,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Saint,Addicting
76561198124093226,Not Recommended,264140,24414394,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Ol' Dirty Bastard,"I wish i could recommend this game...It's good for a few hours, but after a while the game gets boring and repeatable, there's nothing to do , ur just traveling from town to town, from island to island. from my opinion even a big feature the ship building is also not complex enough...You may try Re Logic's other game Terraria wich is fantastic, if you like the developers Pixel Piracy is a good chance to donate them with some money.So in a nutshell the game is boring and I DO NOT recommend buying it!"
76561198149807732,Not Recommended,264140,16032281,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,bigbroluis,"The game is decent for the pricetag it has. But features a myriad of problems from both a technical and gameplay standpoint that brings the game down from being fun to a chore around the time you reach the first legendary pirate. At first the game draws you in with a customizable crew with the ability to customize them based on stats and job placement, usually jobs being decided on which skill books you give them and what their stats are at, which at first is pretty great and makes you feel like you are controlling a real crew.You take your crew and you assault and resource farm the hundreds of islands  for skill books, treasures, and resources. You also attack enemy pirate ships with your own. usually blasting them with cannons then boarding their ship to take each an everyone out. Although combat is automated. You can really tell you are advancing when your crew is customized in such a way that they send a pirate flying before all taking shots at him in the air with their flintlock pistols.The game has a variety of items. Not too much. But enough to satisfy. Weapon choice comes down to what either has good knock back or what has good damage and never inbetween. which actually brings me to the point that makes the game sour. once you got a good enough feel for the game. You realize there is only one good strategy to win with minimal or no crew loss. Which is as follows:-always use melons as your food source, and captains ale for morale-always have a small barrier on both sides of your ship to prevent your crew from being thrown into the drink-although i need to test this on a new game. I'm pretty sure if you never put any cannons on your ship then you can always straight board a ship and attack directly. which is a good idea. If this is false. then commanding your whole crew to dodge cannon shots after the enemy fires its first cannon becomes mundane as you wait 30 seconds to directly attack-always have your entire crew attack. it's always a guranteed victory.the game also has an unintuitive menu system. with an inability to simply choose to heal multiple members at once. instead having to pick each indivisual member and going through two menus to heal them. And then there are the glitches.most of which are the most frequent of problems are as follows:-if a crewmember has a complete list of skills. you can't use the same skillbook to level up a skill they already have. They will instead equip it. even if the skill isn't at max level.-some crewmembers or your captain will cease movement or even cease attack. forcing you to pause the game and use the drag attack/move icon to get them to attack or move-poop and bodies being stuck in your ship forever. making it impossible to remove damaged hull.-later on, the game has performance issues where it will lag to a crawl at random intervalsI'd wait for a price drop if you want to play the game. it can be fun. but the way it is now. it feels like a five dollar game."
,Not Recommended,264140,16702463,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Mr. Facepalm,So barebones I asked for a refund.3/10 buy terraria instead
,Recommended,264140,9511569,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Jezus Da Black,Attacked an oyster got knocked into the water and drowned10/10
76561198009098122,Recommended,264140,16332462,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,volkair,"Kinda torn about this one, it's not a bad game....but not phenomenal either.Very similar to Terraria in looks, however the gameplay is far shallower.You are trying to assemble a crew of dastardly pixelated bucaneers, while micromanaging their growth and constructing your ship, or just taking someone else'sYou must manage crew food, which cannot be laid out while on the sea for some reason.Also morale is an issue, but a good fight or some rum  will solve that.As the game progresses, tactics usually boil down to ""gather all crew, board enemy ship....wait for your people to win or lose.""Worth it during a sale, but most definitely not at full price.Also, one point....the sound effect for paying your crew's wages is bizzarely SUPER LOUD, but seems to be tied to the ""voice"" volume slider not sound effects."
76561198091604459,Recommended,264140,19316040,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,HaseebKhan,"I've watched this game grow from almost the very beginning, a great game to keep you occupied amd entertained!"
76561198138984712,Recommended,264140,19318375,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,madwood102,Can we PLEASE have the ability to turn off the rain?  It runs great until it starts raining then its gets unbelievably laggy.
,Recommended,264140,19318785,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,geo_star,"I really enjoyed this game as it was being developed in early access, but no matter how I look at it theres a level of polish that doesnt exist...I still think the game is a lot of fun so if you can look past the game's jankiness you should definitely pick it up."
,Recommended,264140,18658332,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,LittleKasai,The game is good but difficult and long even on lowest difficulty!
,Recommended,264140,19322929,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ryan,PIXELS! PIRATES! IM SO HUNGOVER!
,Recommended,264140,17304463,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Mr. Penguin,"I have loved this game since i got it. If you got some weed, Its just amazing."
76561198156569900,Recommended,264140,15529918,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,RickyRiver,"Just got it today, I love it. Let me repeat...LOVE IT T_TGreat game, I like humor and the refences lol And I hope to see much more updates. Even do its preety updated as it is atm.I rate this game a 9/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,16459818,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,(Magi) Ya to Sha,Bad game i was expecting awesome things but ehh not what i wanted :( hope i get a refund trying to find something fun in this game3/10
,Recommended,264140,9443880,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,^4G^1o^3o^4g^2l^1e,Fantastic game. Bought the game and could not stop playing. There are a few things about the game that are alittle off but other than that the game is a great way to pass time. Has tons of potential and I cant wait for the developers to fulfill that potential. Definitely worth the price. 9/10.
,Recommended,264140,10285893,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Redfoxmage (Darkness Elder),this game can suck you in for hours and it's still only in the alpha stages!  Yes it's a little buggy (like losing 3/4 of my crew cause they don't know how to plant themselves on an island/boat properly and drown) but as it stands the game is doing great.  can't wait for the beta and final release!
,Recommended,264140,10573332,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,imthefarmer,Bought it for 15 and don't regret it.  Better get it while on sale and...sail off into the sunset..hehheh
76561198096341490,Not Recommended,264140,31987446,Posted: 26 May,all,golo230,"Really bad. Like, unrefridgerated-chicken-pot-pie-that-a-skunk♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on bad"
76561198058013539,Recommended,264140,15511057,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Heart,"I have owned this game probably mid early access. With the last update (ENHANCED UPDATE) this game feels like a finished product, and a fantastic one at that. Seems that all the major bugs have been fixed, visual overhaul, more music, rain, sun...face <3   Overall if you want a good pirate game that doesen't take it self to seriously and looks like eye candy give this one a shot. I dont think you will be disappointed.   ( Also the devs are complete saints )"
,Recommended,264140,13590033,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Element_Chrisi,WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU'VE NEVER PLAYED THIS GAME?????????????????????????????????I'M GUESSING YOU'VE NEVER HEARD OF NESTEA EITHER.1000000/10
76561198010060335,Not Recommended,264140,29703266,Posted: 4 February,all,random noob,The Tutorial wouldn't explain hot to do what it was asking closed and reopened the game..... started in the middle of the ocean with no boat drowned instantly.... this is what you call 1.0.... greedy lazy developers are ruining our community
76561198141968082,Recommended,264140,15927234,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,b.dale92,"Fun game where you will find yourself losing hours and not know it. The graphics are fun to look and and keep you entertained with the well done, although not vary interactive, combat. There is definitly a challenge here at times, overall the game is worth giving a chance. I got it just because i was bored and ended up really enjoying it, more so than i expeced. I still wish it had the sea monsters, just as everyone else. Maybe one day"
,Not Recommended,264140,16221172,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Rattle me Ceasar,"I'm a huge Terraria fan / pro, so I thought this game was good. So did the developers.It is not."
76561197979315928,Not Recommended,264140,16231179,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Popguzzler,"Filled with bugs and errors in the writing. Also, it gets very repetitive very quickly."
,Recommended,264140,15592144,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,DustOfTheNorth,Slaughtered entire islands of pandas.
76561198055492006,Not Recommended,264140,16214572,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ThatCanadianGuy07,"Now, i could spend, say, half an hour writing a giant review about every single horrible aspect of this game, but that would be a waste of my time. Ship combat sucks, building sucks, leveling sucks, the game is boring, and is just not worth your time."
,Recommended,264140,15991703,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Sandwichman,"Great Game, easily worth the price and definitely worth it in time.My only concern is that when your ship is large and/or you have a large crew the game slows down to a slide show.Other than that, the game is fun and well worth it. I suggest a buy for a casual/fun rpg pirate experience."
76561198131979104,Recommended,264140,19272792,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,BitZoid,"Yeah, pretty good.  7/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,29213359,Posted: 12 January,all,Malidala,Early Access Abandonware.Never trust any company. You'd think ReLogic would have been more careful with its second intellectual property when Terraria was such a smash hit. Nope. The developers fixed a couple bugs and threw out a complete mess of a game out the door so they could work on a new project.
,Recommended,264140,26369727,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,CaptainScarlet,"This game was a lot of mindless fun for me.There was definitely a learning curve when I first picked it up (i.e. my Captain dying nearly instantly, poop everywhere, etc) but once you get the hang of it, it's very simple and very addictive.It definitely isn't a polished game, but it's cute and casual.That being said, I got this game for 50% off and I likely would never have purchased it at full price.It's been worth it for me, though."
,Recommended,264140,15527638,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Derptastic,10/10 Take this ship because it's not filled with are dung
,Recommended,264140,15527730,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,FakeChocolate,This Game is Great ive had so much fun on it for the time i got it so if you dont already have this get it!
,Not Recommended,264140,11807187,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,rab1d,Playing this game is akin to catching HIV on purpose.
76561198063955758,Recommended,264140,8738270,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,the99thjoker,always wanna a game like this
,Not Recommended,264140,11693728,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Crawls: Best Broken Legs NA,"Well i really want to like this game.. in fact i do enjoy the idea behind it. But... its so full of bugs i have yet to get past 10 days in game, which is about 2 hrs, the reason being the amount of bugs that break the game are insane, and worst of all, out of the 10 playthorughs i have attempted, there was a different game breaking bug in each one, meaning this game is seriously in bad shape. The Dev team has released 3 ""Bug Fixing""patches, yet the community is mind ♥♥♥♥ed as to why none of the bugs are actually fixed. When we report out bugs, they get mad and say "" We already Fixed that read your patch notes"". WELL READ YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING FORUMS YOU SLUM DEVS!! There are so many bugs they have created a seperate web page for just Bug reports, LMAO that should tell you how bad it is. When visiting that page, you can see that over 145 pages of seperate bugs are in game, and most if not all have a red/yellow highlight meaning they are still in game. So sad, casue the game was in good shap about 4 months ago and i was totally blown away when they came out of no where saying they were shipping the game in its current state. Buyer Beware, i can say with a truthfull heart that this game is not worth the money, and even if it did run smooth the game is a major let down in the end! without to much of a sploier alert there really is not more then 1 playthrough of content. They lied..... :( hope this helps you wait or go another route, you wont miss much until its more solid, and you wont miss much if you skip it either."
76561198091645909,Not Recommended,264140,14002339,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Timber910,"I saw some Youtubers playing this game, and the way they played it made it seem quite fun. It wasn't. This game was just rage inducing and completely unresponsive. I do not recommend this game at all to anybody who wants to play it. I tried, I really tried to like this game, but I just couldn't.Pixel Piracy gets a 4 out of 10 from me. It's a very visually appealing game for an 8-bit game, but that was the only leg this game could really stand on."
,Not Recommended,264140,14100434,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Dat Bird,This game gets boring.
76561198009344574,Not Recommended,264140,14355687,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,HansBerg,"Pixel Piracy is a game that has never felt finished, and any enjoyment that may have been possible is doomed by its repetitive nature.  Every island looks similar, and feels identical.  Enemy ships suffer similarly, although they at least benefit from some more obvious variety in appearance.  The gameplay never changes.  Kill everything on an island, or kill every pirate/use canons upon the enemy ship.  In both of these circumstances this entails throwing your pirates at the enemy.  Little variation, and minimal required strategy from my experience: every battle that I fought was won by just ordering every crew member to head in the direction of the enemy and then sitting back and wataching inevitable victory, no matter that difficulty level.  It all results in an experience that feels exactly as repetitive as it is.True, one can say with relative certainty that there will be an element of repetition in any game; but the best games hide this well.  Pixel Piracy not only fails to hide it, it never seems to make an effort to do so.  And that, perhaps, is the biggest failing.  In spite of what the developers may or may not have to say on the subject, it never felt to me as though very much effort was put into the game.  What content there is (and, again, it never feels like very much) feels slapped together and unfinished, or poorly thought out from the start; and while I could overlook a feature or two that felt that way, EVERY feature elicited the same sort of response from me.I cannot recommend the game.  Its execution is far too poor, and it seems unlikely that any more effort will be put into any sort of improvement or addition."
,Not Recommended,264140,14582870,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,dreambob,I dont understand what the hype was about.Its not a good looking or original  pixel graphics  gameThe gameplay is just average.Its not easy to understand what you are supposed to do.This game is more suited for a mobile platform
76561198138206768,Not Recommended,264140,12324589,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,AlexanderTheTurtle,"This game is a waste of money, even if it did work, I cant even get a refund (Steam support wont give me an email so I can get my money back on this horrible, game that doesnt work 2/10"
76561198027942343,Not Recommended,264140,13718943,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,mikle_kuz,"Developers made a lot of promises but failed to deliver. When the game was released it was still in alpha stage, not even a beta (lots of features not working, imbalanced or remade every other patch). But developers promised that labeling a game as ""release"" is just a formality, and they'll continue to work on Pixel Piracy for at least a year. Long story short, they since released only several minor bug-fixing patches.The game is still fun even in current alpha-stage. But please do not buy it! Do not encourage other developers to make quick bucks by releasing games early under a promise to use collected money to finish development, and then breaking the promise and abandoning their project and those who believed them."
76561198060353529,Not Recommended,264140,13262958,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,zhek,"This game really pisses me off because it seems so awesome at first, but the fact that its really not finished at all ruins it. I have even read there were MORE features in the early access that were removed prior to release.Broken list that i found-Animal abilities are stated that they only effect the ""host"" i assume that means whoever is holding the animal, making it totally useless, doubly so because only the captain can pick up animals-slave shackles dont work, at all, complete waste-if you tell your crew to attack something specific it will only work for one half second before the %&$# off and do whatever-all the cool stuff you can add to your ship for the pirates to do is also a total waste, because it will just use up ALL of your fishermen and thats all, starving your crew to death as they refuse to do anything else but play cards or read books or sharpen their fishing rods-Repeatedly get stuck on the far side of towns because the captain cannot pass back threw one of the doors of the shops-inability to sail to sectors where you have already defeated pirate ships-crew members interact with cannons in the most stupid way immaginable, every crew member will rush to whatever ammo is closest to the front of the ship, completely ignoring anything else that would be closer and better to use-pandas have no abilities whatsoever-fishermen will often cast their line over and over and over and over, never catching anything or even trying to remain fishing, seems to happen more often the better your boat gets.-crew members with cleaning will not try to find their own poop to clean, but chase other crew members holding poop sometimes taking it out of their hands.-crew members that have the ""bully trait"" will get the rest of your crew killed off one at a time because the guys they jab at will turn against your whole crew for some reason, this even happened to my captain-drowning enemies results in power lvling to the extreme for all crew members and all animals on board the ship-some pirates will stay on board the ship when told to board, because they fail to climb up the one brick to get to the end of the ship and board-Customizing the ship often breaks to where you cannot remove any parts, but can still add parts, nevermind the fact that the shop interface totally obscures what you are doing if you try to customize while a interact command is available-one setup I had for my ship with the animals in a seperate smaller boat behind my main boat caused every crew member to drown when sailing away from a town-If you have more items then will fit on your equipment screen there is no way to access what has scrolled off the bottom-sushi equips doing nothing instead of being usedI could write more, but im so sad about what i have already written that im just going to stop nowI REALLY REALLY want to love this game, but its just sooooooo broken i cant, maybe the most disappointing game i have played since fable 2, my hopes were so high, and thus dashed more severely."
76561198035133903,Not Recommended,264140,13808182,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mrs. Nesbitt,Eres tu muy dissapointando
,Not Recommended,264140,13729073,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ariah,Highly incomplete.
76561197974150083,Not Recommended,264140,13818597,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Bugage[FR],"A lot of nice ideas, but so poorly implemented… The game is officially no longer in alpha or beta, but don’t be fooled: it’s not and will never be finished. There is not even anything happening at the end of the game!I ran into a tremendous amount of bugs. I couldn’t even play if the environment variable LC_ALL wasn’t set to C! A lot of people ran into this single critical issue since the early access, and it was never solved. It can be solved in 1 line of code, so it tells you how competent the developer is.The “randomly generated open world” is a joke; nothing but a board with random tiles on it. Technically correct, but one would expect something like Minecraft or Don’t Starve. Even a Monopoly is more cleverly randomly generated than Pixel Piracy.Also, it’s not really an open word as you’d expect : there’s a loading every minute.It’s clearly a Rogue-like.About the game in itself, it’s pretty boring. Once you spent an hour struggling with strange & buggy menus, you’ll understand an easy way to beat everything. For example, hire a fisherman and a cook is all you need to feed your crew for the rest of the game. You can also capture 4 hens to lay hundreds of eggs in order to heal your crew during battle. And you don’t need to build your ship; just capture others. Also, reload from the last checkpoint each time a crew member fails to mount on your ship.That’s all, you will mainly have to wait during 5 hours (yes, most of the game consists in travels where nothing happens). And it’s the end. I guess. Nothing happens when you beat the game, as I said above."
76561198032119634,Not Recommended,264140,14358123,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,sngrmns,"I found the concept engaging and I thought this title showed promise.  Now abandoned, should not have left early access in this state.  Other negative reviews say it all."
76561198018298264,Not Recommended,264140,13642124,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ascloutier,"I really wanted to like this game. It looked really interesting in all the videos but for the life of me, I cannot figure out how to make it fun and interesting while playing. It's awkward, obtuse and very difficult. I'm completely unable to find anything fun in the game and I've honestly tried about 4 or 5 times."
,Not Recommended,264140,13719834,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,I have no idea what I'm doing.,"First and foremost it's not a roguelike. It really doesn't even remotely resemble a roguelike so I don't know why that tag is there. Second, the game is an unfinished, unpolished mess. Building anything other than a raft is pointless unless you really truely care about aesthetics. Probably the worst point however is how quickly the game becomes unplayable as the resource and morale upkeep out paces your income. It becomes impossible to run with a crew larger than just a handful despite advertising large crew sizes which also locks you out of progress against more challenging content. Could become more interesting in time, but for now it's not even worth the time."
,Not Recommended,264140,13730367,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Akrikos,"This is my first review and the only reason I'm writing it is that I was so dissapointed. The main reason I bought this was because it looked cute and the intro video claimed it was by the creators of Terraria. Don't be misled by the marketing slop. This game has none of the soul or polish of Terraria and is terrible.My main complaint is the abismal user interface and control scheme. It feels like these guys didn't spend any thought on making things coherent or obvious. None. As someone who creates web applications for a living I know how much effort goes into a good UI. These guys seem to have let the guys doing the rest of the coding just slap things together in the first way that occured to them.Once I fought My way past the UI challenges, I was able to figure out how to keep my pirates alive only through reading in the forums. But after reading in the forums I was able to create a crew that was basically invincible. There's just not much game here and the main challenge was figuring out what stuff was available (and how in the world to get it to work) to allow progression and how to work the UI.I played through one time to 'completion' and was SO dissapointed. The developers didn't put any sort of 'You Win' message at all. I immediately uninstalled and haven't touched it since."
76561198018475422,Recommended,264140,14609262,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Sigmar's Heir,Reminds me of spore in space stage but in a boat and on the sea
,Recommended,264140,9653942,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,chronobroken,"Great game, If you don't start out right you are screwed in the future. Though altogether fun, addicting, and tme will pass slowly. RECOMMENDATION: Strategizing if a big part. Know how to solve things and figure things out.Do not buy if not good at puzzles. Age 10+?Pros: Open World, Design your own ship!, Paying, feeding and arming your crew, Attacking!Cons: Some bugs (IT'S IN ALPHA!)Just because you can't beat your first enemy doesn't mean it's a bug. ""OMG! I DIED ON MY FIRST TRY, SO MANY BUGS!"" -_-"
,Recommended,264140,15253190,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Hero,"I find this game ridiculously annoying, but at the same time ridiculously fun!I want to just jump straight into the action of being a pirate! Sail the open seas, find burried treasure, battle other pirates...but then I get wrecked by a sea crab. The game forces you to ascend the ranks of piracy, starting from a freshling to becoming a feared pirate of the seas! You need to level your pirates up, teach them how to do things using EXP (or in this game TP), and build your ship so it can hold them all and fight others.The only downside I bump into (And it may just be because I relax and play on my laptop quite a bit) is that when I enter places with lots of pirates, and there are lots of pirates everywhere, it lags quite a bit almost to the point of not being able to play."
,Recommended,264140,9509050,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,FQYPW,Best pirate game around these days!If you like or don't mind 8bit graphics and love pirates this game is for you!!!
,Recommended,264140,9482786,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Foogermier,"Not a terrible game, could use some updates, but that's what early access is all about.RE LOGIC Y U NO MAKE CUSTOMIZABLE CHARACTERS LIKE IN TERRARIA!!11!one!"
,Recommended,264140,15527274,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,✪ Reality,"Pixel Piracy is a great game, but only if you don't mind having to keep track of a lot of stuff (it's still not that bad). It's a good game for its kind and it allows the player to be creative. If you like Terraria, then you'll (most likely) like this one. The main thing that makes this game ""completed"" is the food and morale managing and the little tweaks and bonuses that will help you progress even further. (when morale goes too low, your crew members start attacking each other). You also get to ""manage"" your crew, level up stats and change weapons and passive items (RPG style). If you like hijacking big boats and killing bad guys with your crew, this game is for you. I loved it, so I recommend it!"
,Recommended,264140,15474614,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,TheSinnersCreed,"So, what to say? I have an intimate knowledge as to why my sailors refer to it as a ""poop deck"". I've seen said poop flung over the side of the ship and against the walls of the ship. I've seen sailors die for no apparant reason and had hp drain for no reason as well. The game itself needs a few tweeks; like an event log, mouseover tooltips, full icons/desc for status effects both positive and negative, typos fixed in pirate descriptions, logical skill assessment (a diver that can't swim, derp), ***A fix for crew randomly turning into aggro enemies and being attacked/killed***, captain starting skill (sailing, cooking, fishing... something guys), an easier way to grab chickens/animals without attacking ALL of them and if you're going to have names like Loraine and Mandy it's okay to have a ""She"" in there they're not all men and that's okay, lol.So, for the TL;DR types it's frustrating the way this game screws up and lacks tutorials for many things. I had cannons on my ship I stole off of some Imperials but could never get them to fire or my guys to actually go to the guns even though they were assigned to gunner jobs and weren't lazy. All of that being said it's ridiculously fun and going to be great when the developers get to these few bugs so I definitely recommend picking it up and flinging some poo around while sailing.PS: If they do not add some of those things, like the tooltips, recent event/activity log and bug fix for random death I can't promise that'll stay the case as those are the most frustrating things about the game to date, for me. For now I'll just call these flaws ""Bugbeard"" and hope the scourge is brought to the end of a plank sooner than later."
,Not Recommended,264140,11491709,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Toad 🍄,"As of right now I still can't recommend it. Completely buggy and nearly unplayable. I've listed dozens of game breaking bugs on the forums, but to release a game and still almost a month after release, still unplayable? Come on.."
,Recommended,264140,9790009,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Gamejunkiez,"I normally don't review games. But this is one of those rare early alpha games that arent only 15% done. This game is practically finished but they keep on updating. Oh, and its a good game"
,Recommended,264140,9795475,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Conscript_4_5C12U13,My ship is covered in all sorts of poo...10/10PGOTY
,Recommended,264140,9803129,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Feisty Tree Climber,Lemme see... where to start! This game is so fun! It like duh pirate GTA oh my geesh. First thing that happened that my du pooped on deck. ON THE POOP DECK! HAHAHHAA TOO FUNNY. I invaded an island and there was a tribe. The tribe killed me and my homie pirate and it was game over. Game froze. I quit the game. First 30 mins of the game already and I have to say....10/10 would play it again.
,Recommended,264140,9780694,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Doped It All¡™,"Pixel Piracy is a indie game. it's a simple 2D indie game. In Pixel Piracy you're supposed to run your own pirate ship with your own crew. The world of Pixel Piracy is massive. There are a lot of things to do. Like discovering new islands, new towns and you can customize your own ship ofcourse! Let's look at the pros and consPros:- Easy to run on every PC- A lot of different things to do- As the developers say: There will be coming a lot more in the game- Amazing sound effectsCons:- You can only customize the game itself a bit (so far)- The game isn't to much fun at the current state of developing. It has a lot of potential and it will be an amazing game. but not now."
,Recommended,264140,9825711,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Dick Kickem,this game is awesome
76561198044407758,Recommended,264140,30107643,Posted: 22 February,all,ӁƘạɫaᵴḫᾗῗƙṏⱴӁ,very good and addictive game i love the artstyle but progression is kind of slow
76561198081707311,Recommended,264140,8062849,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,ShadowCatz,its a really fun game you should get it
76561198031119917,Not Recommended,264140,13681607,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fat Gravity,"I had such serious problems with the controls to this game that I couldn't even get off the first island and start the actual game. The only buttons and commands that seemed to do anything were the camera controls, left clicking for captain movement and menu navigation.You're started on an island as a lone captain and you can move by left clicking on the screen and the captain will waddle over there. The camera does not follow the captain by itself, but you can force this by holding down the ""keep the camera centered on the captain"" button. I remember you start with 50 gold and you can hire a pirate from some menu somewhere. I spent all my gold on a brickmaker and then he just disappeared and didn't follow the captain as I moved across the island. The brickmaker wasn't even back at the ship so I have no idea what happened.Even worse, I was constantly bombarded by a giant message in the middle of the screen telling me to press the spacebar to interact, and press the spacebar I did. I pressed the spacebar so much that the number of spaces you see in this review is minuscule compared to how many times I pressed it in the game. I didn't do this because it accomplished anything or because it made something interesting happen. No, I did it out of frustration because I wasn't getting any damn sign of functionality and I hated the fact that I was stuck on the first screen in the game.Now that we've established the spacebar doesn't do anything, let's go over the other buttons that do nothing: q,w,e,r,t,y,u,i,o,p,a,s,d,f,g,h,j,k,l,z,x,c,v,b,n,m,ctrl,shift,tab,enter,backspace,1,2,4,5,6,7,8,9. I obviously bound all the controls necessary to play the game in the launcher before I started but it clearly didn't make a bit of difference. You might have noticed I omitted the number 3 and I'll have you know it wasn't a mistake. 3 surprisingly did something. 3 unsurprisingly did anything useful. 3 Will toggle the visibilty of a red square on a status box at the top of the screen about your crew. I noticed that without a red square, right clicking would print a message about no crew being selected. Having a red square in that status box suppressed these messages and made a light blue circle appear at my mouse pointer, flash, and then disappear without any effect.I want to talk about this light blue circle a little more, as I am guessing it is supposed to be moving my crew members. Remember that brickmaker I hired? Well if I'm right about the blue circle, then this brickmaker has got to be the most rebellious, dysfunctional and annoying man I ever had the misfortune of being associated with. He would wander the island and get lost in the tavern crowds. No blue light could snap this psycho out of his crazed episode of alzheimer's. It did appear that my blue light was attracting other tavern-goers, but they only seemed to be attracted to it for mere seconds before repeatedly side-stepping nothing. Right clicking was so unreliable that I decided it was more correlation that characters would sometimes act as though they were following the captain, than it was causation.Finally, I've saved the most horrible thing for last: ""Loser!"". Constantly. I can not hate it enough. There seriously was a game developer somewhere on this planet who actually thought it was a good idea to have an annoying, high-pitched voice shout at most every 10 seconds that you are a loser. It was so bad that I not only muted the voices, but the music and sound effects as well just to be sure I'd really be rid of it.One little strange thing was that in the menu for my list of current crew members, the game's description of my female captain used male pronouns. Weird.The one and only partially entertaining thing about this game is that you can edit your pirate flag. . . with 4 available colors. You get black, white, yellow and red. The best thing I could come up with was a skull with lipstick and yellow eyeliner and white text below that said ""BFF"".Pretty soon, I found the only reason I had this game running (I did not say ""playing"". Why would I play it after all this?) was to slowly gather steam trading cards. Unfortunately, all I can see in this game is a price you pay to be able to write a review, get trading cards, and be called a loser to no end.Not fun. Did not enjoy."
,Recommended,264140,8040360,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Super Sneaky Cream Puff,"Wow, this is a very addictive and a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,264140,19426861,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,f r a n k,There's a bunch of human poop all over my boat. 9/10 At-Sea Simulator.
76561198002104561,Not Recommended,264140,18339764,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,getthewhip,"For all the pros, the cons just hold far too much balance of power: game is too short, and far too easy; it would be easy to complete in under 12 hours. It is far too repetitive; it is a terrible sign in any game if, within an hour, you are already considering the repetetiveness of the tasks. Game mechanics have been presented poorly: animals, ship building, travel - it's all disappointing.Like every game, there are pros and cons. However, to emphasise how weak this game is, I will not be giving it the honour of presenting any pros. One can play it themselves if they wish for an indepth understanding."
,Not Recommended,264140,15585262,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Lacey,"I've only clocked 20 minutes of gameplay at this point, and that's all it took to determine that this title has earned every single one of its negative reviews.To start with, the menu looks like it was ripped out of Goat Simulator with virtually no changes made.Instructions appear in tiny eye-strain-inducing text, and in the 20 minutes I've played I've already counted 10 typos.The User Interface is completely unintuitive.The Pirates are a chore to control.Bottom line: Pixel Piracy looks and plays like something in Early Access. What's even more insulting about this is the fact that there are titles currently IN Early Access that are already far better than this one. I bought this on sale for $2.74CDN and I still feel like I was ripped off. Do yourself a favor - if you want to play a game that involves exploration, being the leader of your own crew and having a vessel that you can continuously upgrade, buy yourself FTL instead."
,Not Recommended,264140,33575859,Posted: 15 July,all,Gamer In The Shell,I couldn't even recommend this game if it was 1 dollar.
76561198255504226,Recommended,264140,32115273,Posted: 1 June,all,Cart,I enjoy this game a lot. There may be some bugs but the game itself is really fun. Though one of the main devs had to abandon the game from health issues I really enjoy playing it.
76561198035752073,Recommended,264140,8261035,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Peapod the Pocket Squirrel,"As of right now, fairly buggy. Despite that fact, it's really really really fun and addicting."
,Recommended,264140,8565335,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,[DFG] Skiddy,"It's a great game, but at the same time it gets boring a bit too quick. It's nearly almost the same thing over and over again, and you die plus starve a bit too quick. Don't get me wrong, if you play your cards right and get lucky, you could have a great game here, but at the same time, which is most likely, the chance of rivalry and starvation is quite too high. I do however love the games items, the adventure, and I would say that the game is worth the money, most deffinately! The Pro's are in much more number than the cons, and just writing this makes me wanna play it again. I never ran into a Pirate, and not only pirate, but a pixel one before, making this game unique and extremely rare. But as I said, play your cards right, and tread carefully, and you could enjoy this game to its max potential. The characters plus the voices are also a great attribute to the game, it's hard not to laugh when you here all their phrases and voice pitches."
76561198010521017,Recommended,264140,9445633,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Codychan,"This is the best Early Access game I've played and if you're a fan of pirate games, go for this one. It's very playable in version 0.50. It has many features you'd expect out of pirates, cannon battles, boarding, capturing prisoners, and it even has humor.  Individual pirates have little biographies just like in dwarf fortress to make them all the more special. The game feels like a gem. I only have some distaste with controlling your crew as it feels disorganized when you try to mark things to kill or move your crew around to battle."
,Recommended,264140,8074990,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Raymondee,This game is incredible and always leaves me on the edge of my seat! One moment i am thinking to my self that i am ontop of the world but just one incounter with an enemey can change my whole outlook for the rest of my adventure! Epic replayability and always just seem fresh even death after death! I love this game and always come back for more! Cant wait to see what further content is to come if this is just aplha.
,Recommended,264140,9640257,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,X marks it,"Even though the game is in really early Alpha, it really does hold all the things I expected it to have.Explosions, rum and loot.Aside from that I was instantly hooked as one of my favourite aspects of these types of games is reward schemes. Doing well in this game is rather tough as eventually you'll run out of islands and enemies to fight, and you will begin to run into harder and more dreadful enemies.Soon you begin to understand that you may lose a crew or two. But that is expected when you're fighting against a crew of 24 when you only have 5. (Still won by the way~).After about 1 hour of gameplay, that turned into 2...3...4...Uhh. You get the drift, I spent hours playing this game as I have become addicted to the gameplay itself. I sure look forward to the future of this game, and hope the development keeps on coming!Good job 10/10.Worth every penny...Or cent...Or euro...Whatever~"
76561198056168424,Recommended,264140,15424669,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Satella,"arg on a foggy morning on a peaceful winter sail, me crew was geting along just fine. But i forgot to pay them so a few of them and my first mate tried to kill me. Finally i had to put them down.... I have never played the game since"
,Not Recommended,264140,32576368,Posted: 19 June,all,Imanukekaboom,"The developers comepletely gave up on this game, leaving it to the buzzards"
76561198067101276,Not Recommended,264140,32755713,Posted: 24 June,all,Ockhum,Do no buy this. Bugged filled game and has been abandoned by the developer.
76561198058305640,Not Recommended,264140,33420765,Posted: 9 July,all,High_On_Temmie_Flakes,Too boring. I bought this a couple of years ago and i only played it once. Not worth it. The game has no fundementals or machanics that are memorable. Plus no story in my opinion. sorry people. i wouldnt get it.
,Not Recommended,264140,11670452,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Aaron ਨੈ ਸਸਦਠਐ,"This game is not ready yet.  Still lots of game breaking bugs.-Bugs wouldn't be so bad if you could go back and load a save from a previous point before you experienced the bug, but you only have one save and the autosave is so aggressive you will end up with a save at a point where your game is ruined by a bug.-The settings menu is very difficult to use.  A slider bar for boolean values?-Bugs include:--Crew will refuse to eat prepared food.--Crew becomes unhappy because they won't eat prepared food.  You try to move food around and rebuild ship, but by that time they are too unhappy to do anything.  So they won't get back on the boat and eat the food, so they essentially refuse to do the one thing that will solve their hunger issue which made them unhappy in the first place.  So on top of that you have to spend a bunch of gold to get them back on the boat.  This cycle of refusing to eat, unhappeness, and then having to  make them happy the most expensive way leaves me with no gold and eventually they all turn on each other.--Can't remap some of the keys so if you are a left handed mouser and move your keys to the right side of the keyboard, you can't remap the 1-6 keys for selecting crew groups which you will find yourself using often.--Crew becomes unhappy very very fast.  So much for being a hardy bunch willing to tough out the hard times for the rewards that await them.  If Sir Francis Drake had a crew such as this, he wouldn't have faired well."
76561198051791524,Recommended,264140,8586951,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Jennifer,"This game is by far the most fun I have ever had in a game. This game brings out my inner kid of once wanting to be a pirate, and just makes it EXTREME! From canons to pillaging this game is by far the best pirate game out there, and it will only get better and better, with amazing plans that are in store for this game there is no stopping this fun train, if I could go back in time, I would have told myself to buy this game sooner because this game is a BLAST, lol literally. Get it, because cannons."
76561197981488539,Not Recommended,264140,12184863,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,gatt,"I played for 5 minutes until I discovered I can win fights by pausing the game, and deconstructing my boat so the enemy pirate who was previously standing on it falls into the ocean."
,Not Recommended,264140,13856242,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,TripleStacks,"Do not buy this its a confusing, laggy, and buggy pile of crap that IS A SORRY EXCUSE FOR A GAME!"
,Recommended,264140,9504865,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,AdaamVee,I recommend this game to lots of people its a great game where your a pirate and you make your ship and sail the mightey seas ARRRR!!!!! the only down side is that there is no multiplayer which they are still working on!!!!
76561198208113367,Recommended,264140,31812936,Posted: 17 May,all,OMGitscheese,very good
,Not Recommended,264140,31273133,Posted: 21 April,all,TROLlox,DO NOT BUYThis game is not developed any further
76561197974187125,Not Recommended,264140,29193630,Posted: 11 January,all,Rey Gazu,"the idea is good, the execution and lack of balance is so poor is frustrating."
,Recommended,264140,29732775,Posted: 5 February,all,✹ s0cks,Great game
,Recommended,264140,15693197,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Delmain,"It's okay. It's a rogue-like, supposedly, so I expected more variability and more death, but I pretty much got in the habit of murderating anything the game could throw at me before I was 2/3rds of the way to the first boss and the game never got more difficult. There are several types of enemies, but there's no difference (I could see, at least) in each one's play style. Since there are 4 bosses and you can pretty much beat the game before the first, the last 75% of the game is just repetitively navigating around a square map to the four corners to beat the ""legendary pirates"".This game would be a looooooot better if there was more variability and the bosses weren't all all the same level, but rather you fought each one in a row and each was harder than the last. In my opinion, of course."
,Recommended,264140,20691170,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,[TechRaptor] Coboney,"Pixel Piracy had some rough days it's in early life but, it has since gotten a lot better and is a very good game now as long as you know what you are looking at when buying it. You aren't looking at any sort of deep narrative game or such, but instead a game that providies you with a nice sandbox to go around and play as a pirate and his crew. The ability to hire and upgrade various pirates, as well as building your ship help give the game a lot of charm and lasting power as you go around doing different quests or just exploring for treasure.Avast Matey! There be Treasure here!"
76561197967700566,Not Recommended,264140,22587478,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Demanufacture,All this game did for me was♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.
76561198073408648,Not Recommended,264140,18257613,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,SerchForVideos,"When I bought this game was within the first day since they launched it. Now it looks like it was left aside and no one will ever touch it again. Unless you are a game collectionist, don´t buy it. Maybe it will never have any more updates in the future.(Fred The Sled has an astonishing review.)"
76561198016713533,Recommended,264140,10628988,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Bat,"I was building a huge pirate ship, where the game bugged out and half of my ship sunk into the ♥♥♥♥ing ocean."
,Recommended,264140,8677847,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,IAmTiiX,"If you like 2D-pirates and plundering, this is a great game! Lots of resource management mixed with rpg-elements as well as a tad of survival."
76561198028063495,Not Recommended,264140,24601435,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Aeolys,I want to love this game. I love the theme and ideas of the game but the UI and controls are HORRIBLE. Not much of a review since I couldn't get a hold of the controls. And theres something wrong when playing. I don't know how to explain it but I just have some really weird feeling while playing. Maybe its the menu interface or the jagged pixels; I do not know.
76561198112191533,Not Recommended,264140,23547136,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Everitt,"it has been nearly 3 years sense i have played this game.it takes a special kind of game to make me go that long with out playing it and still bother to make a review.when i first got this game i think it was because of some coupon.didn't really think much about it.played it and i got a lasting impression. bad one at that.i will play it some time soon to see if it has gotten ""better""."
76561198122232335,Recommended,264140,8733410,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,blackwolf0925,A very well though out game that I have the pleasure of really enjoying. It is an Early Acess game so I do expect bugs and things of the sort. You can tell the developer is putting their heart and soul into this project. Recommend for anybody who loves RPG's and Challenges.
,Recommended,264140,8026297,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Anzious,"An Amazing Indie TitleWhile being fun, Pixel Piracy maintains a great level of difficulty, due to it's permadeath, and strategic challenges. The mechanics are elegant and easy to pick up, yet they provide an underlying complexity, that brings stories from gameplay, and not from cutscenes.The developer is very friendly towards his consumers, and does a great job of communicating with his audience."
,Not Recommended,264140,12980514,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Bleujour,I'm a little disappointed this got released when it did because it's far from finished.  Such a nice little idea but it's clunky as the controls are awful.It'll amuse you for a few minutes and then you'll get on with something else.  A lot of potential but none of it realised.
76561198066713980,Recommended,264140,14001461,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Spooks,"Suprisingly addictive, very fun.  Does have some bugs, but they're working through them with community support.  Doesn't matter though, a great game!"
76561198044256442,Recommended,264140,9536711,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Skullo,"""Enjoy the poop"""
,Recommended,264140,9679540,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,fantazmik,"Love this game so much!30 hours and counting still didnt get bored at all!this game has so much potential and can be expanded in various ways in the future updatesstill got a few bugs here and there like pirates are starving though they dont eat the foodpirates fall off the ship when the reach it ,not something that will kill the fun but it'll kill your crew, still you can load ..if you love the pirate atmosphere and you like exploring Pixel piracy is what you're looking for"
76561198115464052,Recommended,264140,10208935,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Xx_The_Diamond_Decker_707_xX,VERY BUGGY. but besides the bugs and glitches its an amazing game
76561198081576799,Recommended,264140,12125801,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,King Dice,it's like FTL but pirate.
,Recommended,264140,8290056,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Claytone,"It's a fairly good game. It is a rogue-like adventure/action game.  The game itself has come a long way. You are a pirate, a captain. Customize your own ship to your liking, hire a crew to defend you and defeat the legendary pirates! You'll find yourself fighting off hostile pirates on their ships, animals, tribe members, and hobos on islands to open a chest and get loot!You'll also be adding ability books for your pirates to help you along your jouneys, the books can be purchased in stores found in towns, or dropped rarely by a few things..Managing your crew is a VERY important aspect to survive, you must keep your crew well fed and happy (high morale) unless you want them to die or turn against you and try to kill your entire crew.When you first start a game, you'll be asked 3 questions which you'll answer. According to what your owner, your game will be affected a little bit.The developers of this game are amazing, they listen to the people and do their best to make them happy, being someone who has played this game since alpha, i can say that they have not been a let down. Buying this game at full price is well worth it."
,Recommended,264140,9505824,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,~T!MOTHY~,"This game is SO good for an Alpha version. I can just keep playing it over and over. And I haven't even made it to the maximum level. (which is 50)It has a lot of replayabillity too, cause when you start a new game, it will be totally different from the last game you played. This game is definitly my NUMBER 1 game at the moment. Keep those updates coming Vitali!"
76561198082486910,Recommended,264140,9556953,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Zack Fair,"This game is a fantastic concept that just needs some polish and balance. At first I thought the game was far to much random chaos, such as when nothing is happening and my crew will walk off the ship or at times my ship will just glitch and pieces will be moved or just vanish. Considering that pirates can't swim I'd like to see something capable of stopping them from running into the sea like they have a suicide pact with the kraken. Even after placing ladders along all the edges they'll still walk off or jump off and drown. At first I thought the game was to hard thanks to the random chaos, but I found that the real balancing issue is that you don't even have to fight at all to level up. You can literally just sail between two locations and level up and live by fishing and cooking while drinking at a tavern. No effort required at all, my captain was level 75 before I even got into a fight. He was so overpowered he was a demigod among pirates, this takes all challenge and sense of achievement out knowing that you can abuse it so easily with every pirate in your crew. It's so broken that I took out a legendary enemy with a raft and 3 pirates. And the fact that you can save scum (which is almost required if you're not using the sailing abuse method) to get the perfect island or settlement is terrible, it's a glaring reminder that the game is unbalanced, the save scumming is almost on XCOM's level. This game is a fantastic concept that I would really love to see improved upon. Before adding content I would suggest finding a better balance for this game. It's either to hard with all the chaos such as the enemy shooting their own ship with their own cannons and killing everyone (Seriously a suicide pact with the kraken), or boars ramming everyone off the island. Or you just sail to your hearts content and transform your pirates into demigods and never deal with any challenge or danger aside from the enemy sinking their own ship with you on it. Fine tuning and some balancing would be so welcome that I believe this game could be as massive an indie hit as Terraria or Rogue Legacy. There are other small issues but none so large as this balancing issue, improve it and I'll keep playing but until then the game is almost unplayable. Signing off now.... a gamer that really things your game has massive potential.Update: I'm extremely pleased that a swimming trait is possible to obtain now, but it's stifled by these new instant death traits. I don't mind a few negatives to keep the game interesting but going out and just implementing instant death traits even on the captain at the very start of the game (Such as the ""old"" trait which causes random death at any given moment.(Yes this happened to me!)) add to the already chaotic difficulty I've talked about already. These new traits that cause death such as falling off the boat along with being ""old"" almost demand that you save scum just to get an average pirate or they have no chance of surviving whatsoever. Don't read this and think I'm ungrateful, the fact that I can swim now is a fantastic boon, but the instant death traits are just far to out of control. Perhaps you could add new passives such as a swimming technique (Ultimate) or a life jacket that isn't destroyed much like the other passive item. (I forgot the name of it.)Sincerely yours a gamer that really hopes you find a balance you and the players can both agree on entirely, have a great day!"
,Not Recommended,264140,34642782,Posted: 31 August,all,"LOAD""*"",8,1","Trash, abandoned."
,Recommended,264140,34716554,Posted: 3 September,all,KaT0da,"It saddens me to see the negative reviews on this game. When it first game out, I saw many videos praising it, and it seemed like for awhile the game was receiving good reviews. However, looking back at the game's page, it seems to be getting a lot of hate. Personally, I am a huge fan of Pirates, and I saw this game as a gem. There were no other ""good"" pirate games I could find. Perhaps I wasn't searching hard enough, but this game seemed to amazing from my experience.For an Indie Developer, I really really REALLY enjoy the art style of the game. Sure, it could look less pixelated, but the GUIs and overall atmosphere delivered by the engine gives the game a unique appeal. The game plays like a RTS / Sidescrolling Adventure game. It's hard to explain, but basically you can click to control where each individual crewmate goes. When I first played the game, I thought it was weird that it was like that, but eventually the feeling grew on me. I don't see any other game that has RTS elements and is a Sidescrolling Adventure game.Moving on to gameplay, I think this is where the game shines a little more than the style. You are a captain of a pirate crew, and you have to strengthen your crew in order to take down the four strongest pirates (a.k.a. the Yonko if you watch One Piece lol). As you sail, you have to fight different types of pirate ships. The gameplay is simple, and redundant, but the strengthening of your crew is the highlight of it. The only problem with the gameplay is the redundancy you have to endure through in order to get the items required or money required to get certain items. However, if you are willing to put in the hours, like I have, you will see that the game gets really fun once you beat one of the Yonk- I mean strongest pirates. You start to feel like your crew is actually getting stronger near the end of the game. You just have to spend hours finding the correct items and getting enough gold, but that's fine. It's not an easy game.In terms of depth, I think this is the game's lowest aspect. You are not able to communicate with crewmates (aside from their AI driven babble), and you can't talk with storekeepers or mates in the bars. If the game had some more world-building aspects then that would make the redundancy much more endurable in my opinion. The farthest the game goes towards world-building is set up a very dim and transparent world map in the world map GUI (this is of course if you have someone who can read maps well). The strongest pirates aren't given any backstory either. It'd be cool to get some sort of backstory followed by myths or legends about them.The soundtrack is cool, and it keeps you engaged insofar as you can stay ingaged with the game's combat.In terms of bugs, I have not come across any bugs in my 100+ hours of playing that break the game. None of the bugs are permanent, and they can all be fixed by simply reloading the game to appear in the previous island you saved on.Overall, this game is for a particular audience set on redundant gameplay, but it is worth it. The game should be more mindful about making the world have more depth, and making the player feel like they're in a pirate's world. The gameplay is good mid-end game, the soundtrack is good, and  it is a truly unique type of game that I have not come across anywhere else. I've had it for over almost as long as it was released, and it has been one of my favorite games in my library to sit back and relax while playing (despite the redundancy and difficulty).I give Pixel Piracy a solid 7.25/10EDIT: On further thought, the morale system is kinda stupid in my opinion that's all."
76561197991567851,Recommended,264140,15612238,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Fixxed,"What a game.. just ♥♥♥♥in amazing. As soon as i saw Re-logic(terraria devs) were involved, i knew it.The beauty of this game is the same as in terraria. A complex game, with rich details and interesting mechanics, that blends strategy (ship building, crew forming) with rpg (skill giving, gearing, lvling) in an extremely simple way that is reflected on its graphics... Simple ♥♥♥♥in pixels...It is damn addicting.. it is simpler and faster than ""space pirate and zombies"", it is better working than ""craft the world"", it is actually more action packed than ""Sid Meier's Pirate"" and its fun as f0cK!!!You build your crew, you gear them up, you give them skills, you build your boat, you plunder ships and dig up loot... lol what else can i say!? This game is rich in mechanics but not at complex as it seems!!! took me 2 minutes to actually understand stats and lvling and gear. Its simple and no tutorial is actually required (eventhough there is a short 1).The amount of hours i have in this game were in the course of 3-4 days... i literally stopped doing everything else just to play this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Alas a game that made me forget everything for a short time lol.The only ""meh"" thing, is the music,  buuuttt i guess if it were anything different than the simple tune it is, i wouldnt enjoy it after 13 hours of straight playingFURTHERMOAAARRROAARR!!! The devs are always always implementing stuff... and fixing stuff.. so yea...buy it already..."
,Recommended,264140,10100684,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,b0ttlecaps,"Similar to Terraria but in a pirate world and a lot more interesting mechanics; Pixel Piracy is shaping up to be a fantastic game and one, that if you love pirates, you will want to play.For my full first impressions review, go to:http://godbomb.blogspot.co.uk/2014/04/pixel-piracy-first-impressions-review.html"
,Not Recommended,264140,10582446,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Spookywolf,"If I could refund this game, I would. It's atrocious. I've tried it a few times and it's still awful."
76561198023589870,Not Recommended,264140,15111430,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Bud Kushinski,"To keep it short: This game is horrible. An unmitigated early access failure.First off: Bugs. So many game breaking bugs (mostly to do with party AI, but also shops and everything else).Second: The game is nothing more then it was in early access. There is simply nothing here.As many postive reviews say, the game mechanics show promise - but thats not worth much against the rest of this vacant buggy piece of nonsense."
76561197964096634,Not Recommended,264140,13850862,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Zothen,Unfortunatly I cannot recommend this game. While I really liked the original idea and concept of the game the execution is pretty bad. The game is haunted by critical and even gamebreaking bugs even long after release. Bugs that can be solved pretty quickly if the involved coders are worth their money. Unfortunatly this doesnt seem to be the case at all. (Im working in the same biz so I can assume to have some knowledge about this)If you are very strong-willed you might be able to see over a very buggy game - filled with gamebreakers that forces you to revert saves every now and then - this game might of some value to you.If you look for a solid gameplay experience you better stay away from this.
,Not Recommended,264140,30645051,Posted: 20 March,all,Salty Bottom Fragger,"This game is buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥  It would be fun too, but they made it worse since the alpha.  I put a plus 10 hp item on a pirate and it increased his max hp every time i went everywhere until i had a meat titan that couldn't die.  They tried to make it so you couldnt make ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥boats, which was the fun part, but the code to detect if you made an actual boat is broken, so it wont let you leave port if you try to build a boat"
,Not Recommended,264140,20067916,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sleepy Pupper,Late game and I get a framerate of less than one.  What's the point of being a master pirate with a huge ship and crew if it slows my computer to a crawl?
,Not Recommended,264140,18309999,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,punani armani,played itdoing really goodthen game freezes because the ship was too bigfix it
,Not Recommended,264140,10731506,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,GhettoBaboon,"I honestly would not recommend this game to anyone. I don't see is going anywhere, and I don't see a point in the game.2/10"
76561198084784666,Recommended,264140,21922346,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Bat-Flash,there is so muche poop on my shipthat i called it call of duty black ops ship 3
,Not Recommended,264140,11579984,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,E- la -in,boringest damn game I've bought in some time.
76561198072110317,Not Recommended,264140,20678140,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Pixel47,"Unplayable at late game, dev's refuse to fix or refund. They are well aware of the issues but have refused to fix them and are instead spending that time creating their next full price game which is basically a working version of this."
,Recommended,264140,8971468,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Arcadius,"Great game if you love roguelikes, pirates, and the combination of the two! Very fun game, many traits and customization options that make each try new, exciting, and full of discovery. Devs are extremely active, friendly, and receptive to feedback. So this game will only get better and better! Get out there, explore the seas, raid some ships, and whatever you do, don't forget to bring lots of food! Good luck mateys, arrrrrr!"
76561198034986288,Not Recommended,264140,29127836,Posted: 8 January,all,Donald Nato,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀▄Pixel Piracy ▄ ░▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,264140,24231413,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ID,"Here's a Haiku Review:Pixel Piracypurchased in early accesswhilst on a steam sale!Sh*t all over shipa repetitive journeybug, glitch, lag, lag, laaaag!Island in raincrew stuck on lands edge, wont move?Click back to ship, DEAD!?END, FIN?... Holy lag!Panda isle still not foundpotential is lostlack of things to dofeels like a mobile gamebest played on sh*tterlabour intensiverunning sh*t on a PCnot a mobile game...had fun, all in allalthough a generic borehence forth brings such shameThumbs down I must givetoo much same, little to doStory?, just four cornersso here's my reviewIt is salty to the tastegood effort to start!"
,Recommended,264140,10134461,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Admiral Billy,I found a crab on a beach. It knocked me thirty feet backwards into the ocean. I drowned. 11/10
76561198026980942,Not Recommended,264140,34644656,Posted: 31 August,all,Joker,This dev is working on a title that looks and is named eeriely similar.   Sad considering he never finished the one he already got a bunch of money for.
,Recommended,264140,14002129,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Cyclops Inc.,"Great game! Re-logic nails it again, as this is nearly as good as Terraria. A great Indie, and a nice Pixel throwback. Overall, just great.Well, I might be stretching it with the Terraria thing, but...don't judge. :)"
76561198093523141,Not Recommended,264140,26123760,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,MuckingFuffins,"UI is garbage, and it's difficult to actually play the game due to it."
,Not Recommended,264140,12473223,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,purfumy_funk,"Not as cool as Terraria. It may still only be in early development, but just like ""7 Days to Die"" I dont see how the game is going to get any better."
76561198089679165,Recommended,264140,8857225,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,[RU] Dr. Klauswaffle,"HOLY ♥♥♥♥ MY♥♥♥♥♥♥AND GO♥♥♥♥♥♥SOME BRICKS THIS GAME IS AMAZING! Ive only played a bit of it and i cant even fathom how much more stuff I have to discover. This game is a hilarious, cute and funny pixel by pixel rendition of what it would be like to be a pirate!It has a serious, ""Its a permadeath game so dont like, ... die."" element to it but it seems to focus more on the side of, ""Game Over! you got killed by a chicken!"" (That actually happened like to me) The funny and goofy side while funny, somehow dosent take to much away from the game like most, ""Goofy"" games do.The ship building, while it has a slight learning curve manages to be simple, easy and fun. Though your first ship will most definatly look like a large piece of Caribbian Seagul feces, you will quickly catch on and find a sophisticated design that works for you!The RPG side of the game and the complicated leveling system may look daunting at first, but give it maybe, 3 times around of playing the game and getting you♥♥♥♥♥handed too you and you will quickly undersand why it is 300 pieces of gold to train a crew member to clean the seagull crap off you deck. The leveling system may have a rather large learning curve but it too, is quite sophisticated and well thought through.Now, the hard part...Combat. for most players, your first hour will mainly consist of repeatedly getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed too you by an oyster or a cute little chicken, (By the way the animation for killing those feathery sons-a-♥♥♥♥♥es is extremly satisfying, as with every other death animation, even when your precious captain dies a wonderstruck sense of awe hits you like a♥♥♥♥♥♥covered brick to the face.) I will admit it is a little bit unpolished, but I see the potential in it. As of right now it isnt the easiest to handle, (My stategy is buying every crew member I can find and then rushing in and hope one of them is still alive after.) But nevertheless it shows unprecidentable promise. (I really hope i spelt that right and used it correctly in the right context.)...(I has bad englishes)So in short, This game is Amazing and buy it right now, support the developers and help them make it better...Its worth it.All the best game playening,DelusionalKitty"
76561198322430542,Recommended,264140,30760530,Posted: 26 March,all,autistic penguin,i think they should have steam multi player with friends
76561198057301368,Recommended,264140,8627872,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Dzordanas,"As one of the first 10 voters on greenlight and one of the first to try the demo and experience the full steam early access version, I thought it was only right to write a review giving my deepest and most precise thoughts on the game. So no more jibber-jatter, lets start reviewing.Pixel Piracy is a sidescrolling 2D Pirate Simulator, yes, simulator. The words might be a shock to you as the game looks very, very silly and cute, however it precisely simulates how pirates were in the 1800's, because, of course we all know pirates had floating ships, no sails, and of course, submarines and poles out of wood. Becides that, though, the game is very realistic in terms of the hardcore (No respawn) and fighting and survival aspects of the game. Food, weapons, money, salaries, are all active needs for you and your crew to survive on these great seas. You can make your own ships block by block from what you buy at shops, you can plunder enemy ships, and islands, take there ships. And even buy rum to really get the feeling of piracy. Taking slaves and prisoners is an upcoming feature I am really looking forward too. The game is in real time, and is single player. AT-THE-MOMENT. They have promised a multiplayer (No info on that yet) upon release, which I am very excited to see how it's all peaced together!Rate: 8.7/10. (This may change depending on updates)---(No need to read this)If you guys like my reviews or anything please be sure to follow me around and check out my other reviews on games like Door Kickers, DayZ, etc. I'm not much a diehard fan for any game so most if not all my reviews are completely honest, and thanks for reading, feel free for feedback and rate!---"
76561197978842291,Not Recommended,264140,13641527,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,lonestar5,"I really was looking forward to this game being a fun, exploratory and great mechanics but it fell short on all three accounts.At the start of the game I had a great feeling and energy that this was going to be fun. Granted, the first 3-4 times I had trouble surviving and making it as a scurvy seadog. But then I figured out the game and then everything was a breeze to progress from early game to mid and late game. That is also a downside with the game, a lack of any kind of useful tutorial, you just have to read and read alot of text in a help screen (which to me screams the devs just wanted this game out, at whatever quality).The second thing that strikes me is the horrible control scheme and GUI. You can only really precision control your own unit (the captain) and everyone else does their best to do what you tell them. Some commands are ""drag"" commands and some are ""action"" commands and I don't see a reason why the control of your crew should be this bad. When you order your crew to move, all run as fast as possible to that spot, meaning the fastest guy gets there first, but might not engage the enemy first cause they engage in wierd ways. The control of the crew and pets is aweful, have not been thought out and when boarding ships with a crew, some can fall into the water directly killing them or makes them unavaiable for a time if you're lucky. Another minor gripe is the constant is the constant nagging if you want to ""save"", and you can just tell it to not ask you in the next 10 minutes, but then you can't save in over 10 minutes which is real bad.Your crew can be trained in skills aswell as your captain, like fishing (which is useful as it gives you free food), and cooking (to coock the free fish). This system is extremely flawed and if you would like to have a crew that can both catch & cook fish and clean, they will be almost useless. This is because fishing takes a bit of time, and while the rod is out in the water, the desire to clean (tossing poo overboard, fitting description later on?) comes on and ABORTS the fishing. So  a sole crewman with the fishing skill is required to catch alot of fish. This could be okay if not for items on your ship disrupt your crew in the same manner. Yes, items on your ship like playing cards, sword practice or reading books stops your crew randomly from doing what they can, just to give them some morale or more Training points. It's flawed once again, you can work around the broken mechanics, but what's the point if you can't play the game as you want?I have many more gripes about this game and I just think this game becomes an utter disappointment at the end. I like to make my captain a strong soldier alone in my second playthrough to have control and it was a breeze to clear ship after ship with just him. even the bosses. And getting there was soo boring and repetitive. The potential for what could have been is huge!!! But this is just a skeleton with no added meat or flavor to it, it is just not a good game i'm sad to say. I just can't recommend this game to my friends because then I would be ashamed and they would hate it, it just isn't worth any more time.Pros:+ Nice pixelart+ Good character customization, differnet voices and looks+ Build your own ship, sail the seas (in the start)Cons:- Slow paced. Going on land is slow and tedious and have to wait minutes to get any buisness done. More fun if paced more correctly with the actual content.- Sailing. a core mechanic is ""sail-time"". You see your boat travel and you crew working, but is really a boring wait screen- Random Generator. yeah, it works, but it doesn't tell what the worldcreator options really do and can make maps really hard or really easy- Crew control. You really can't control them, commands are clunky and don't work as advertiesed.- Crew. Don't see a reason for them unless they fish for you.- Skills and Items. Both of them interupts other skills and jobs, making having both not an option.- Lack of variation. both in what you explore, music and combat.- Difficulty. Only challanging in the beginning, then a grindfest begins, then you can kill the bosses.- GUI. Some icons you drag, some buttons you click, some commands don't work and no control over individuals.- Boarding. Sometimes your crew could board the enemy just to fall off and die. You can board outside of the boarding phase.There are probably more problems that I've forcefully pushed out of my memory. But this is not a well-made, polished game. But a broken mess of great potential. This game falls short and would get a 3/10 if I would grade it."
,Recommended,264140,13874750,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Exiv,"I decided to take on one of the bosses. That was a bad idea. I had 11 crew members and 7 of them died in the battle. 2 of them proceeded to throw themselves off the ship into the sea. I then had 2 crew members left. My captain and a guy at 20 health and bleeding. I finally got back to a town to see that they didn't have the right store. He died, 2 minutes later my captain died too. 10/10"
76561198132485924,Recommended,264140,15495072,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,OrfeasCluelessGamer,Beware the Crabs!!! :P
,Recommended,264140,16277907,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Kodi022²,The sun is dissapointed in my failed efforts to get good
,Not Recommended,264140,28846549,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Everyman,Could have been a great game if they actually finished it!
,Recommended,264140,15536721,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,MemeLord,great game and thats all i can say to describe it it just has so much to do great game get it while on sale
76561198070528433,Recommended,264140,15973683,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Somewhat of a Madman,Got A Demigod as first crew mateGot him killed 2 islands laterMourned over his deathFound another DemigodSaw him DrownFound Vitali himselfLeft him on Island and Drowned10/10 Kratos God Killing SimsWould Kill gods again
76561198040899790,Not Recommended,264140,16317574,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Bananabob,Character died during new character creation and game froze after i do not recommend after the recent update
76561198032400087,Not Recommended,264140,14264671,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Braveheart,"Dont buy this game please, really bad, now they finally bring out some patches but they are balancing patches. They still arent fixing the gamebreaking bugs.Also, after telling in the steam forum how disappointed i am with the developers and the progress of the game i have been banned. Cant give critique. Shady and bad devs, stay clear!"
,Not Recommended,264140,15518388,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,GayFur <3,"This game was a mistake to buy, I can't tell what the very colourful pixels try to make out. The game is too boring and slow to learn anything. The ""humor"" is equivelant to a 5-year-old.I think this game's target audience is for young children who just wants to kill time. Don't buy this and force your kid to do some activities outsidel."
,Not Recommended,264140,15628839,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Ky,"I can run Skyrim on the highest settings, but not this pixelated game? The devs are more worried about adding ""new animals"" to the game than they are about fixing the optimization. Seriously why add features to a game if you can't even play because of poor optimization."
,Not Recommended,264140,15873909,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Sethkasketch,"UNPLAYABLEIf you go to the forum, you just see lists of bugs that stop the game from working. My favourite is the 'Crew can't reach here' bug that stops you from being able to sail anywhere, ever. A close second is the one when your save file gets wiped for no reason. This is a fun game when it works, but can you be bothered spending half an hour doing that?"
,Recommended,264140,15525968,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,tuxemo,"This game is great and brings that old retro feel to a game while having great graphics. The gameplay is fun and addicting and is a great way to pass the time. The concept is very fun as I start to build ships and decking out my crew. Get it, it's worth it!"
76561198091110257,Recommended,264140,15586745,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SPARK,I played it for 2 hours and I can't stop playing it's a really good game. This game will grow up nice and I think it will become a popular game.The money it's totally worth it.  10/10  Good Job making this game and good luck with the next games !
76561198112317767,Recommended,264140,15572208,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Exo-Tic©,Pixel Piracy is a 2-D 8-Bit rogue like game and it is amazing i love it Had 24 pirates was reduced to 11 with a single cannon ball lol
,Recommended,264140,15303178,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,AwesomeCreator,It's a bit confusing that it doesn't show the tutorial right at the start it took me a while to find out the controls for this game but it starts to become an awesome game thank you RE-LOGIC for this wonderful game!I recomend this game as a YES
76561198207768112,Recommended,264140,15516628,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Skeleton Jazz Wizard,"Do you like RPGs? Do you like pirates? Do you like minor pixelated violence (Cuz I do :) ). Do you like to make your bases look like anything? If you said yes to any of these then you may want to have a look at Pixel Piracy.Pros: Free roam, RPG, Tons of skills for characters you can get, a lot of ally pirates with custom skills (All are nameable), Plenty of Islands to raid, THE POOP DECK!!!! (He He), make your ship a huge (or just steal one from an enemy pirate), and pets such as: birds, turtles, crabs, giant spiders, and many more.Cons: sometimes the AI is unstable such as stopping what they are doing for no reason or won't listen at all to you, no animations to characters, and skills must be bought in stores in the game (characters can't just think ""I'm gonna shoot cannons as a skill"" you have to buy that skill and use one of their skill points when they level up) or an ally may start with a really bad skill that does not help in combat.Overall I really like this game and I recommend this game to RPG players. leave a like if this helped"
,Recommended,264140,15526907,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Anonymous,Pretty cool I recomend!
76561198092104257,Recommended,264140,15532926,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,mog,i just started and i didn't realize i have been playing for 1hour. addicting and challenging game!
76561198114786445,Recommended,264140,15534164,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Tylerius,Fun Game
76561197975698119,Recommended,264140,15472058,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Crewchief,Great little gem.Get past the art style. At first glance this looked like a poor lego pirate game that was way under budget. Dead Wrong.Get past the controls. Extremely easy once you learn them.And the next thing you know you are wondering what day it is.
,Recommended,264140,15568559,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Specter,good game and after 2 hours of playing i had 8 trading cards...
,Recommended,264140,15526149,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,N0fear10,some much fun!!! most buy
,Recommended,264140,15532875,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Nacho,I highly recommend PixelPiracy
76561198135045633,Recommended,264140,15314651,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Oblivion,My husband and myself play pixel piracy all the time. Its so amazing and It has it all. The updates are just making it even better. And to people thinking of not buying this game because of the negative reviews dont let them turn you away. You would be sadly be missing out on a great game. Pixel Piracy is addicting I wasnt a gamer before and im proud to say I am now. And cant wait to see what else the devs can do for the gaming world. Keep up the great work I cant wait to see what else is coming.
76561197970570133,Not Recommended,264140,11568077,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,SpiderJ,Can't even get the game to launch - wish I had read all the negative user reviews about show-stopping bugs
,Not Recommended,264140,23677541,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Supreme Khan Ghengis I,"Devs seemed to have abandoned it, however the below is my review of the game before I was disappointed.I haven't played too much but it is fun. It does get really hard to manage late game with a big crew and all of them pooping and eating and costing you money while you still have to manage their weapons and consumables and abilities individually. Early on though, that's where the real fun is. Set off with yer manageable crew and kill manageable pirates whith crewmembers you actually value because you've invested so much in them, only to have them drown because they were stabbed while ziplining over to the enemy ship. Very sad times... but very fun times too. It's like an RPG but also a real time strategy but also a sandbox but also a cry your eyes out when your captain doesn't know how to swim and gets knocked into the water."
76561198147627738,Recommended,264140,21013824,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Hecken Bear,"Can't stop playing! It sucks me in so much, it's fun to play when you crave an adventure game. This is 505's best work yet! (Other than Terraria)10/10"
76561198091540677,Not Recommended,264140,16089810,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,wabash193,"Does not run (as far as I can manage) on Ubuntu 14.04 natively, nor could I run it with POL."
76561198095910224,Not Recommended,264140,11192883,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,bloblobloblobloOHNO,Its a waste of my money and time
,Not Recommended,264140,15723098,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Wololo,While the recent overhaul was mostly a good thing it also created alot of new bugs which make Pixel Piracy feel like it's still in early access.
,Not Recommended,264140,15015256,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Long Potato,It gets old fast and you might never play again.
,Recommended,264140,9567321,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,The Lost Sentinel,"I fed my crew watermelons. We ran out of food on the second day. They did number two all over the ship (raft) whilst random seagulls did number two all over the ship (raft) as well. They both got angry at how unclean the ship (raft) was, and committed mutiny and killed the captain (me) on the first island.10/10."
76561198056429720,Not Recommended,264140,15584753,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Nikkofan,It didn't tell me wich pirate could learn the cleaning skill and there is no world map button. *moonwalks away from the PC*
,Not Recommended,264140,15560805,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Rythankos,More bugs than a locust plague.
76561198057756606,Recommended,264140,14142438,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Kodit,"Good game with a simple task. It is very very difficult and you can struggle to get very far plus you die and have to restart. Is a good game but like i said ""VERY VERY DIFFICULT"""
,Recommended,264140,14146807,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DeanDaKilla,"it is a good game has a good guide, for begginers but is confusing at times. If you keep playing you will get it most likely."
76561198098447108,Recommended,264140,14171308,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,klingelmike,"Well worth the price..Building,pooping,and killing"
,Not Recommended,264140,14236457,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,MostInerestingNameInTheWorld,well its OK i guess but you do get bored realy quikly and in the fights all you have to do i it and watch witch isnt that funand i may have put ~30 hours in it because my friends are fans of the game but i would give it a 3/10 so i wouldent get it if i was you
,Recommended,264140,16034823,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Chiuistro,very fun
,Not Recommended,264140,21124356,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,i4n,Pixel poop cleaning simulator 201510/10
,Recommended,264140,15326666,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Green,"Pretty good game. When I first got this game I got off to a rocky start... I could kill other pirates but I didn't know how to get blocks for a ship. At first i thought you had to capture the ship. Nope it was ""PLUNDER"". My main problems with this game iare that the green ""HELP"" menu is HORRIBLE. ""okay how do i get people to be my crew?"" HELP MENU RESPONSE ""There are different groups that you can put your crew into, gunner, crew, fisher ETC. HAVE FUN!"" One glitch that i have found, when you pause birds going one way flip. But only when you pause"
,Not Recommended,264140,30140912,Posted: 24 February,all,InterDimensionalOwl,"Encountered too many annoying bugs, mid late game is really laggy. Feels unfinished. I don't recommend."
,Recommended,264140,16895379,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,InfiniteType,"I can see how people would probably see it as a crap game from the purposly crap made grafics, but honestly it is amazing. I'm thankful to the friend who bought it to me or I'd never have had bought it myself. The amazing open world make your choices game that is pixel piracy will blow anyones mind no matter what genre of games your into. Try it out and im telling you from checking it out in the store to actually playing it, It gets a whole lot better."
,Not Recommended,264140,16522843,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Whinelikebears,"It's an indie game. I don't even know why I bought this. No seriously, I don't. At the moment, the game feels too repetitive. Pick up a few salty dogs, sail over to some other guys ship, kill them. Is the ship better? Take it. Is it worse? Blow it up. Then go to a town, buy more guys to kill tougher ships in order to steal them/blow them up. And it goes on and on. You can see how repetitive it is, right? In short, don't buy unless you're really into pirates, or something."
76561198030622641,Not Recommended,264140,20732291,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Victorious Tortoise,"As soon as I saw the developer's name, I SHOULD have thought twice about buying this game but I loved the idea so much I bought it anyway when it first came out.Basically, the game has not changed since launch and by change I mean ""it hasn't been completed."" ... Just like all his other games.It's a great tech demo in a long line of tech demos that never get finished. There's plenty of balance issues, the UI breaks down as you try and keep up with the non-stop micromanagement. You can die for completely B.S. reasons (bugs) and lose everything. Worst of all, the game just stops being fun after the novelty wears off. He never added anything more to do. Your experience never grows. The first 30 minutes of gameplay is the same as the last 30 minutes of gameplay as you become so bored and frustated you just stop playing.This is the last time I give this guy money. I've learned my lesson."
76561198066571291,Recommended,264140,15558501,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,DownyWas,This game is the most accurate poop flinging simulator ever. Poop/10 would fling again.
76561198066805209,Recommended,264140,15841706,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Alec,Pixel Piracy is amazingly fun for how simple it is. I really enjoyed it do to the fact that it is one of the only good pirate games out there and the skill system works really well. It is well worth the price.
76561198094395600,Recommended,264140,13604784,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,E. Norma Scock,Really gud. 8.5/10
,Not Recommended,264140,15300122,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,WobbaSlime,"I'm going to be honest, I hate this game and everything it stands for. After playing for any amount of time I feel a strong desire to roll around in a pile of glass to clear my mind of what I just did. This game often gives me strong emotional desires to drive large metal rods through my face holes. I do not think that people should play this game. Make your grandma play it. That'l teach her."
,Recommended,264140,16413668,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,N'ol,A cow boarded my ship.10/10
76561198214532409,Recommended,264140,30858769,Posted: 31 March,all,Überschnitzel,"Pixel Piracy is pretty fun. If you ever feel like being in that pirating mood, this is the game to play. Worth your money. Grab your freaking rum and play this until your eyes decay. One complaint is it's confusing sometimes, the tutorial doesn't cover enough. But it's♥♥♥♥♥♥n fun. Play it you♥♥♥♥♥♥ DO IT."
76561198089344776,Recommended,264140,15569036,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Pablo Escoberry,"Buy it very good game, lot of fun, add co-op or multiplayer and it will be best game ever"
76561198042302309,Recommended,264140,15428303,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,non.applicable,"I usually hate it when I crack open a new game only to find that it is still raw and very rough around the edges.  I suppose it's because I know I'll never remember to get back to it.  However, this game's basic premise really shines through all the flaws.  It's 3AM again and I've been playing this game for four hours, even though it is far from being balanced, polished, or even particularly usable.  I should hate this.  I love it.  What have I become?  Who am I?I can't wait to see it when it's done!"
,Recommended,264140,17665304,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,XXXREMILIA,"+ Organize your own crew of pirates, hire new ones, pay them, give them new weapons and new skills.+ Modify your ship to your liking, add cannons, food, lights, and obviusly your own personalized sail!+ Get bounties by attacking other ships (AND BLOW THEM UP), conquer islands, find buried treasures, or claim bounties from wanted criminals.+ Tactical combat system based on target focus, items and planned strategy.+ Cute and funny voices for every characters, music fitting perfectly.+ Catch animals and make them your pets.+ Very challenging game if played at hard difficulty.+ Explore freely a self-generated sea.Do you need any more reason to buy this game?Oh yeah: it was made from the same people who created Terraria!"
,Recommended,264140,27956183,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Silen,"This is one of those games that keeps you entertained for HOURS. If you're, like myself, into ships and history, this game's mood can only make you happy. It totally deserves the ""just 5 more minutes"" award. Furthermore the developers are very kind and available, they listen to the community and they work hard on their games. I highly recommend you buy this game, not only to enjoy it but to support the devs with their future projects. :)Have a good day!"
,Recommended,264140,19376487,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡W8.,Very very Fun For 30 min
,Recommended,264140,19444562,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Blackhaz :D,Love this gameOnly hope you guys add a multiplayer feature
,Recommended,264140,19403874,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Hitler's Asian Reincarnation,"It's very fun, the people who dislike this is probably because they always fail to have a successful crew. Kids these days... PLAY IT NOW"
,Recommended,264140,19402272,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,explodingcarr0t,"Very fun matey, yar be looting pirates wit ya crew on a hunt for treasure and fame... matey."
,Recommended,264140,19428967,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,AwesomePigeon,It sucks then once you get the hang of it it is actually lot of fun
,Recommended,264140,19317311,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,|NOV-VD| Zer0,I have a cow named LeoPoldo.Fear me.
,Not Recommended,264140,13507459,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,stu,Another Early Access failure. Fantastic premise but the devs didn't have the stamina to follow through.
76561198162540443,Not Recommended,264140,19314204,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,The Ear,"This game does a horrible job at teaching you how to play it. i bought it, and i can't even play it"
,Not Recommended,264140,19892831,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Neuromancer,"This game is one the few cases where I have felt buyer's remorse. Do not buy it, not if it's on sale, not even if you have some coupon, just don't. The combat is wonky and a drag to watch, and doesn't bother to teach you any of the game mechanics. The game also has some really weird filter on it that makes it look weird. (but that's more personal preference) The crew AI is horrendous, and often take a couple seconds to respond to commands, and when you're fighting enemy ships, it can end up screwing you over a ton. All islands are identical, and often the only thing different is what enemies are on them. Same goes for towns, they are all similar.Don't do it, if you were to use the money that this game costed to buy a fork, and then stabbed your self in the cheek with said fork, it would be more worth it than buying this game. ♥♥♥♥ you Bixel Biracy"
,Recommended,264140,30358349,Posted: 6 March,all,Curvol☂,Great time waster and not ard to get into. More about its replayability than its first impression.and the pirates♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere.and the birds♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere.Everything ♥♥♥♥♥ everywhere and you better have enough slaves or there will be♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere.
,Not Recommended,264140,31467626,Posted: 30 April,all,jacksonsking,"I Not the best, not the worst. Some fun moments, but not at the quality of Terraia.Pros:+ Unique gameplay,+ The auto save function is absolutely amazing. Love it so much!+ Customization of crew and shipt is really fun+ Allowing you to grind and grow your ship. Feel terrific.Cons:+ Cheesy post effects are very distracting from the gameplay. Turned them off still too much blur.+ Confusing UI, unfriendly UX+ Confusing animation. Once again trying too hard to look good as opposed to play good and communicating well.+ Lots of bug. Frustrating.In the end I couldn't take the bugs any more. Very sad that it didn't live up to its full potential."
,Recommended,264140,15569197,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Papa Slothy,my ship is covered in♥♥♥♥♥♥and the cleaners wont clean it11/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Not Recommended,264140,26489136,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Simple Sample,Way too repetive
76561198023234029,Not Recommended,264140,29383255,Posted: 20 January,all,Arcane Harlequin,"I wanted to like this game. I played it for a while, but it's just awful once you get to what I'll call end game. It ends because somehow this pixelaxed game murderes frame rate to the point of being unplayable. Once you get into the fun part of the game where you can pillage and murder as you like and fighting the higher level pirate ships that is where it turns into utter crap. I got this game on sale so I'd say it was worth the cheap price, but since it will never be fixed this game is going under my waste of time file and being deleted. Don't waste your time unless you enjoy being let down by the end game."
76561198110346176,Recommended,264140,29345619,Posted: 18 January,all,mayadapples,"This was a fun game, for the most part. There was a bit of a lack of content. I mean, it's in early acess and is taking FOREVER to develop. One big complaint, the bloom REALLY hurt my eyes, I couldn't play for more than 30 minutes without stopping. So if it was developed on more, it could really be good.I give Pixel Piracy an 7/10, but it could go up in the future."
,Recommended,264140,8327953,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,CWGamesTV,"Very immersive! An amazing game for its current state, amazing fighting and looting and the combat with pirate crew vs. pirate crew is amazing. This game is highly recommended for anyone who enjoys games such as Terraria or Starbound and want to take away from Sci-Fi and step back into the age of Pirates! I recommend this game. Which I don't do often!"
,Recommended,264140,9270600,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Dunder,"This is really early alpha opinions.You're a captain, and you pirate pixels, you use said pixels(gold) to hire (hopefully) able crew that can learn all sorts of skills, the game contains good old rpg mechanics, meaning when you level up you gain abilitypoints to put into whatever stat you want. You can also learn new skills in different towns that you visit (protip: learn cleaning). Ship construction, you can build your own 2d pirateship with cannons and beds and♥♥♥♥♥♥Devs have said they're going to add plenty of things to do in the game, like managing your own pirate hideout.I rate it 4 out of 5 loud ducks."
,Recommended,264140,9678492,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Bloodpix,"My addiction is high with this one. I got it and I instantly played it for like 3 hours. Learnt the controls and what not. Its SO much fun :D! Ok. Your a pirate. Out to get 'booty', a crew, food and booty. Along the way there are problems like unhappy crew, enemies on land and water, and money shortages. This game gets a 9/10 from me. I dont know what it is but its one of those games you play for a little bit, decide to take a break in 10 minutes, but 2 hours later you havent taken your eyes off it. It has a slight repeating factor to it, but it helps it. Most of the money and food I get is from enemy ships after I plunder them. I always like starting off with a first mate, just because you arent alone in the beginning. Then I really come to like the first crew guy ( mainly because they have a low pay-requirement ) and I tend to teach them EVERYTHING. If you can manage to get to guns and cannons and having a big crew with an even bigger ship, you can make it pretty far. In all honesty, im taking my time. I have played for 10 hours but im only at pirates with lvl 4 difficulty. You learn from mistakes, and the saving system is nice. I have little complaints. I really want to catch parrots and animals and slaves, but apparently thats not a feature yet even though the provide the requirements. Thats a little pet peeve of mine I guess. Your given things you cant get to without patience. But I know those are going to be provided in later updates ( Note : It updates often ). This is definetly a must try and I would gladly recommend it."
76561198010349725,Recommended,264140,10287556,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,tryhard_7,a greatly entertaining game
76561198042634219,Recommended,264140,8459107,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,NoNameVandel,This game is amazing and very challenging at times... but with the new food system its impossible to make any progress now
76561198022113393,Recommended,264140,8794670,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Bathory,"Excellent pirate game, highly recommend!Very hard, but so fun once you get into the swing of things. Gameplay is very fast paced, so dying isn't too much of a chore. Be aware there are bugs since it is still early access, but again it's not a big deal to start over.If you enjoy funny games, retro graphics, pirates, and roguelike games, this is definitely for you."
76561198059901088,Recommended,264140,8939659,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,adeemin,"Speaks to the young boy's heart that ever dreamt of sailing the seas and collecting booty. Be wary of your steps. The game does allow you to save after leaving every island if you allow. Recommend a looking up a tutorial, to start yourself out as the one in game is still in prodution. Truly awe inspiring how simple ideas are the great ones."
76561197960577577,Recommended,264140,9486741,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Apropos,"Incredibly fun game. Reminds me of FTL - Sort of like a roguelike - however about pirates, not space. Still in Aplha, so a lot of things arent implemented, but it is fun already! I didn't have any gamebreaking bugs, and it was a great game played in short bursts. Highly recommended, and I can't wait to see what the future holds."
76561198106202330,Recommended,264140,9554879,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Just Alonzo,"I now see why its called a ""poopdeck""."
,Recommended,264140,8185280,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,PapaLemur,The most awesome time-killing-pirate-slaughtering-pixelated-game! The best part?ifwhen you die it doesn't make you rage for a week!
,Recommended,264140,8378349,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Gravelore,"This ♥♥♥♥ing game, this piece of unfair ♥♥♥♥ness. You get a crew together and then barely manage to get by every voyage due to the cruel conditions the game has set forth. It's not friendly to new players and I admire that but the game play needs to be luck in many instances of being overrun by enemy pirates or needs of your character and the crew. Besides that♥♥♥♥♥♥it's a pretty decent in progress game that needs more ♥♥♥♥ fixes before I can recommend it to everyone. 8/10 and addicting"
76561198008539851,Recommended,264140,8817551,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,M 01,good game very enjoyable but many annoying bugs.
76561198035691955,Recommended,264140,10397420,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Pootis Gumsalt II,"this game is pretty much the bomb diggity, i love derpin around in this booty seekin game. its very challenging and i like killin things. i highly recommend this game for all swashbucklers out there"
76561198064056645,Recommended,264140,8212880,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Surge It,"its still an alpha, so dont expect perfection  --  this game is far from perfection, but the concept is amazing.lot of things still to be fixed  - basic mechanics, crew and food management, fights and boarding - BUT there are a lot of good calls, and this game gets patched and improved once (or more) a week, this is really getting better everytime i play it.graphics, musics, pirates voices, items, parrots, ships - the core of Pixel Piracy is here and satisfying:quite difficult at start, it gets really nice after a while, since you have to look after your crew morale, supplies, items, weapons, and you'll probably permadie in the first times you play it, but hey! easy games are boring, right?"
76561197985768001,Recommended,264140,8417545,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,HarBuffalo,"The most frustrating and fun game I have ever played. Its only frustrating because it has major balance and pacing issues and it is hella buggy. Its an alpha, thats what you get. I can't wait to see what this will evolve into though. It's already one of my favorites and it will just get better!"
76561198041344904,Recommended,264140,8651875,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,› Courfeyrac,"It has a lot of potential, but it needs many bugfixes. This is completely understandable though, considering that it's still in development."
76561198117696010,Recommended,264140,8790651,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,jdmsteelers,"the game is fun but they are still working out some glitches and bugs. the bugs usually make me have to restart (which is annoying), but besides that it is fun"
,Recommended,264140,8864205,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Party Lemon,"for the moment, its kind of broken. meaning: the difficulty is way too high even for the lowest setting. plus you have to exit the game to save. but i still recomment this game because it is alot of fun and is looks like it will have great things in the future."
,Recommended,264140,9481852,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,AritheReaper,"This an amazing game even in the version its in now and it has easily become my favorite game. If you like building, Destroying, Pirates, Survival, or even just all out mayhem, this is the game for you."
76561198052715569,Recommended,264140,9558460,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,★Darth Revan★,This game could probably send u jumping off the tallest building in the world after ur captain dies...but it will also send you on a fun adventure.but do try your best not to send your crew swimming in the ocean.....if you do then hope for the best for u crewmates.
,Recommended,264140,9750992,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Tim the Enchanter,"10/10 would play again... and again... and if I keep dying, again, and again."
,Recommended,264140,9999683,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,"""${benaryorg}""",Genius! Perfect 11/10
76561198035672312,Recommended,264140,10287411,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,dromedan,"I first dismissed Pixel Piracy because I am not fond of 2d side-scrolling games and even though I put in plenty of effort I failed to enjoy Terraria which was advertised as similar in form and function.  Despite those discouragements I purchased Pixel Piracy  because I had a coupon that reduced the price a bit and had finally become bored with Rogue Legacy (awesome game).  Pixel Piracy has exceeded my expectations, its graphics and animations are charming in a minimalistic way and its sand-box rogue-like world creation increases its replay abilty.  There are still some bugs to work out, but the gameplay is easy to understand and I promise that if you give this game a half a chance it should at least be 20 hours of fun for you... also its resource requirements are minimal so you can play it on your back-up laptop :)"
,Recommended,264140,10443570,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,fun-,"It is very entertaining and challenging. Decent ammount of stuff to do and test, definently one of the better early access games I have played."
,Recommended,264140,10546968,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,50 Shades Of Green,"IMPORTANT: If you do not like the two hours you have played this game, just remember that this is going through a lot of work and the devs are constantly working in dedicated groups to make it better!So...This game is so worth it. 10/10 would bang- IGNNo but srs this game is like sailing and stuff and you contsantly want to get better and level up your pirates and this game was a good idea. You have to build a ship and lead your group and buy stuff and make sure your crew is healthy (the poor guys get depressed) and then you go and kill chickens?!?!!?It catches the role playing idea strongly and it is easily the next binding of isaac in terms of satisfying your boredness. It is definitely someothing i reccomend if you get bored often."
,Recommended,264140,10578860,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Alexandervv,"Pretty cool game,♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of bugs though."
,Recommended,264140,10606356,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Anmarin,definitely a great game. Can't wait to see its full version!
76561198023188508,Recommended,264140,10618782,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The Rafork,PPPPPIIIIIRRRRAAATTTTEEEESSSS!!!!!
76561198001684848,Recommended,264140,11527948,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Danotasi,"This game is amazing. I nearly didn't buy it because of the graphics but I am glad i did, the gameplay is really fun and very addictive. be warned"
76561197989452470,Recommended,264140,11555490,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,porridge,"Lots of things to love about this game. Gameplay is addictive, it's all the right amounts of pirate sim and strategy. My biggest concern before I bought it was that I'd be clicking my index or middle finger sore. Not at all! Fit for a quick casual game session.Do I recommend it? Yes.That being said, I consider this game to still be in beta. I can't believe the developers released this game in it's currently bug-riddled state. I write this review after quitting because my captain grappled (I think) over to a ship that I plundered and sunk. Did this result in his death and the end of my current game? Why, yes it did. Is that the only bug I've come across? Funny you should ask because no it is not. Sometimes crew members won't leave the ship (this is important because they need to offload and get crunk to keep up morale.) Sometimes crew members will grab a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥and walk back and forth in some sort of OCD ""oh no, somebody pooped, what do i do what do i do what do i do...?"" I even had a guy who decided that training was more important than eating, so he lost half his health to starvation right before a battle. My mom always made sure I was well fed before battle.These are clearly bugs. Crew AI is whack. However, balance (specifically morale) also needs a little work. I spend more money on rum keeping my pirates happy than I make pillaging. Sometimes I feel that way IRL, but this is supposed to be an escape. I don't want to spend all my money on booze in real life and then in video games too!Someone called the art 'unpolished.' Yes. Well. It's pixels. I'm totally cool with it: I get the idea and the game never lags. But wtf is up with the shadows on my ship? They are very bizarre and make the game look even more alpha than it is. Just get rid of the shadows if you can't figure out how lighting works.Summary:I bought this game on sale for $7. I think I have probably paid more for an alpha or early access game, but I knew what I was getting into in that case. I sincerely hope the devs fix what seem to be just a few really annoying bugs and minor gameplay issues. If they do, this game is worth $15. I STRONGLY recommend not paying $15 for version 1.0.5 because it is not a finished product. In this age of paying for alphas, it is up to the dev to honestly label a game incomplete. I love the current ecosystem of indie games and small devs, but you guys gotta watch that♥♥♥♥♥♥ or we as consumers are going back to EA. Well, maybe not. But you get what I mean.Buy it the next time it goes on sale. I assume by then it will be a finished product."
76561198084008306,Recommended,264140,8443400,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Comrade Schmidt,"vry good game, I highly recemend ot"
,Recommended,264140,8646231,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Suyash  ~~(0_0)~~,Pretty good
,Recommended,264140,9461051,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Soup Carrier,A very fun one life game. My only problem is that the performance is not that great(or it could just be my potato computer).
,Recommended,264140,9500989,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,DesuDoom,"Although this game is still in Alpha, I have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of fun playing it. This was not what I expected it too be at all, but doesn't mean I still don't like it. I love this game, and I see it becoming that great game that nobody expected to be so much fun. You're a pirate captain, hire your crew and make sure they are happy or you will have a mutiny on board!!! This game is everything about and more about pirates that we love, for your impatient ♥♥♥♥s I suggest waiting until it's atleast in BETA, but for my true gamer friends grab this game ASAP!!! You will not regret it."
,Recommended,264140,9514381,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Boneless_Wings,i love this game so far but i am haveing some trouble HOW DO YOU SAIL!!! ihave made my bout and i got my crew now i want to travel the seas with my crew but i dont know how
,Recommended,264140,9537732,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Cyrean,10/10 Would buy again
76561198019573654,Recommended,264140,9538094,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,ItAwesome!,"Pixel Piracy is a game that look basic from outside,but from inside is really well designed.There's a lot of things to do in this game,from exploring island,fighting against other pirate to take their gold.But the most nice thing,is that developers are always releasing some new contents to the game,making it even more fun to play!"
,Recommended,264140,9539502,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Harbo5,"Overall, it's a good concept. At this stage, the game is fun to play, but it still needs works. I haven't encounterd too many bugs, but I've certinly encoutered some, including the game screen just going black, with the exception of my gold count, and freezing. I think that with work, this could be a great game.Love it so far, and can't wait to see how it turns out!"
76561198122389549,Recommended,264140,9921562,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Kiwi,a great game. still some bugs as you might expectcan some one please tell me how to arm my swivel cannons
76561198054135768,Recommended,264140,9947695,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,✪Archer,"Okay I dont usually write reviews for games... Okay I never do. But for this game it brought a different aspect in gaming that I never seen before, or i dont think... I love the type of gameplay that this has. It brings a level of certain strategy cause you have to wonder ""Can this island/ship be raidable?"" ""Will any of my crew die in this attack?"" The type of gameplay is like my favorite game on the DS ""Fire Emblem"" but for this game it isnt turn based. Its all out sending in your troops. I also like how you can save your game at the end of each map so that if your crew does end up dieng in the next round by hunger, drowning, or pirates, you can go back to ur last save and start it over or choose a different path.Overall I rate this game about 8/10 This game really passes time (even though i only played a little bit) and i really feel like it was worth the money. :)"
,Recommended,264140,10175003,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,tloyc2017,"It's good.It's also hard.It's REAL DAMN HARD.At first, at least. I haven't really been able to play this since getting a new computer, but it's good. Buy it if you can."
,Recommended,264140,10341443,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,3.141592,"Love this game!A few glitches here and there, but nothing too detrimental. Plus that should be fixed when the game is out of alpha.Definitely worth the time!!"
76561198104070389,Recommended,264140,10509829,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,brenton,"Fantastic for an Early Access game. FANTASTIC. Love it. So much fun.However...Besides the occasional bugs, there are some balancing issues that need to be addressed.1. Gold.Is it just me or is it INSANELY difficult to get gold early on? Eventually you get to the point where you have cannons and lvl.3 computers don't, so you just hit one after the other racking up gold, BUT until that point, you are constantantly resetting games either because of too few crew members trying to take on too many enemies, or a LOT of unexperienced, untrained, combat-feeder crew members who sit around, poop, and eat you out of house and home (ship).It took me a bit to find a nice balance, but it first had to start with...2. Starting CaptainWould you believe me if I told you that, in my 2nd game, I started out with a Captain who had 1 strength and 1 vitality?...Completely worthless. I even tried to make it work. Couldn't 1v1 a crab.If the developers were going for truly random stats, CONGRATS. You did it.It took me until my 4th game to get a character with balanced enough stats to run with.3. Cannons are OP.Can anyone tell me a legitamite reason to why I have to train my seafears how to swim? Let's just say someone can convince me there is legitimacy to this game mechanic.... My point still stands. Even with the knockback on the lowest of settings, my crew are flying off my ship and drowning. If it's my captain, well I'm screwed. I get that cannons are powerful, as they should be, but something about the knockback just feels so off. ""So, how'd you die?"" ""I was hit by a cannon....which made me fly into the water and I can't swim..."" Something seems off. Explosions do knockback, but when the ratio of person/ship size is as miscalculated as this game, you can kill people at 75% of their health but just pushing them into water.4. I decided just to try my luck against a LEGENDARY boss when I KNEW I was FAR too underleveled to go against (I could barely beat level 4 CPU's) because, heck why not! The game asks me to save every other second (autosave feature? anyone?) so I knew that even when I failed I could still go back to the very second before I decieded to do it.I won. Wasn't even hard.The enemies had lower health than the enemies in level 4 ships and I only lost 1 crew member...And my ship was perfectly intact. There is something fishy about it, no doubt.Not to mention, I then steal the legendary ship and get 5/6 free cannons. With Gold as hard to get as it is, that's a HUGE boost for me.5. LASTLY, I get that this game is 2 dimensional in that it's a 2d scrolling game. But does the gameplay have to be so....two dimensional? (Sorry, bad pun) While playing this game I ACTUALLY had this thought, ""Man, this game is so fricken fun, even though It's the same thing over and over again...oh....""There needs to be another aspect to this game. Building shops on Islands to get revenue? Taking over FORTS on islands? Getting several ships to make a FLEET? SAVING HOT BABES?This game is fun, well worth the money...but by balancing some of the things I've mentioned and adding just ONE more aspect to this game would go from me telling my friends about this game to forcing them to buy it.Graphics: 5/10 So much noise on the screen, it's hard to see. But if you are buying this game for the graphics, you're an idiot anyways.Gameplay: 8/10 Fun. Repetative, but fun and challenging.Story: 4/10 Is there one? Meh, being a pirate is cool enough.Audio: 6/10 I get sick of hearing my pirates talk after a short while. But love the music.Best aspect: Replayability.Worst aspect: Lack of diversity in gameplay (I think that's the best way to put it)TL;DRBuy it. It's fun. And difficult.6"
76561198118799595,Recommended,264140,9065461,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Kobi,"Pixel Piracy a SOLID 8.5/10, THIS GAME has sooo much ""Pirates"" in it that the DEVs even pirated it themselves.i dont know the whole story about it but that move from the Devs got me sold.It's like telling you that""Oh this game is gonna be awesome, here, a pirated version, try it out and and you'll know its gonna WORTH YOUR BUCK""I wasn't disappointed, for its pirce of 15$, it's one of the best Alpha release out there. i'd like to put in that the DEVs are really on with all the updates, new content and fixes. formerly the game was riddled with game breaking bugs and balancing issues.NOW, as of update 4.6 They game is something ENJOYABLE and IMMERSIVE.NOW it doesnt feel like you are always racing against your crew's morale and hunger,NOW you no longer scratching the earth for every bit of GOLD just to keep your crew intactNOW it's more of a REAL PIRATE SIM rather than a hardcore time-management-pay-and-feed-your-crew gameIt's still in ALPHA so theres gonna be bugs and save-game-wiping-updates but every after an update you know that this game is going one step forward in the right direction."
,Recommended,264140,9505615,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Jay,This is a great game and cant wait to see what they add next!
,Recommended,264140,10639611,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Huckleberry,This game is so amazing it cured my AIDS 10/10
,Recommended,264140,11941016,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,ChaoticBurden,"TL;DR – A fun piracy game set on the open seas, complete with lots of loot, slaughter, fishing, and open world randomness.A great example of independent game design, Pixel Piracy plops you into an uncaring pirate world; you must rise and conquer that world. With great customization, you build a ship and crew to take over the pirate world. Grog in hand, you rise to become a pirate force sailing the one sea in search for even better loots. 9/10.Good—Fun: Sail around and slaughter stuff. What more do you want, because this game might have that, too.Character Building: Don’t just dream about Amos Moses the pirate, be Amos Moses the pirate.Random: The game is different every time you play. With the weekly patches, this is even more true.Bad—Repetitive: Lack of diversity of islands, ships, and baddies. Hard to figure out what’s going on sometimes.Graphics: The Retro feel is nice, but things start to look same-y. Plus, the paper doll options are very ugly.Sound: That pirate Arg was cute the first time; less than cute the 100th time. Muted forever."
,Recommended,264140,10602346,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jugger0,"Pixel Piracy...It can be super annoying sometimes to get to an amazingly easy to defeat island, when all of a sudden your highest leveled character decides he doesn't know how to use a rope and falls into the ocean. But that's all part of this game. It's the most fun I've ever had on a roguelike game, and that's not usually something I say about the genre. It could be because this one is a lot more forgiving than other games like it as it has a save feature before traveling. While this game is still in developement, I still really enjoy all of the current aspects of it, and look forward to seeing what comes in the future.7/10 which is damn good for a game in alpha."
76561198071013300,Recommended,264140,10252815,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Sams a data stealing whore,"This game is only in early stages and still very fun, however it does take alot of time and DEATH to get good"
76561198079912032,Recommended,264140,13587331,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dankmaster,"butt pirates, butt pirates ARE... Fruit"
,Recommended,264140,13590926,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Marshberger,"An hour into the game I had my entire ship covered in poop,11/10 would poop on my deck again"
,Recommended,264140,13560588,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,poisonrune,"Great game, beautiful music, Lots of customization would recommend!"
,Recommended,264140,8324307,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TheJiveGoblin,"Still in early development and it shows, but a bunch of fun already and has some true potential.  If the final product delivers on whats being promised this will be a must own for most gamers."
,Recommended,264140,9541217,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Ardel1,"awesome new game, I really recommand anyone that likes games such as terraria to download pixel piracy."
,Not Recommended,264140,11549775,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,War,"Do what you want cause a pirate is free!! YOU ARE A MICROMANAGER....So bitterly disappointed,  a good chunk of your time later on is spent managing rum and food stores. I've just spent the last few hours trying to get a balance between crew size and resources. Exploring is hard when you need to dock or get resources for your men every few minutes (I'm playing on Easy too).The combat is non existent too, you just click a location and watch.It's a shame as the game has a charm about it but it's too flabby and overweight. I often judge games by how much ""fun"" time there is per ""play"" time. This one actually decreases as you play :-(Trying to palm off a Alpha build as a full 1.0 retail... Appalling."
76561198079020543,Recommended,264140,33058067,Posted: 30 June,all,LeBowski,"Pirate songs!Pros+Pirate songs ;)+Pillaging+Murdering+Pet chickens, turtles, cats, dogs!+Unique skillsystem+Build your own ship+Set up your own crew+Devs are great+Some witty items+Simply a load of fun!+Pirates♥♥♥♥♥♥ clean, fish, cook, eat, train, kill automaticallyCons-Knowing what to expects can be hard-The bigger the ship the laggier it'll get-Saving is confusing (No save option, when arriving at for instance an island it will save)-Not a lot of info about skills-Your crew's AI can be very annoying, it'll let♥♥♥♥♥♥piles build up, attack random enemies instead of the ones you target"
76561198097186482,Recommended,264140,16745487,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Nublem,Kaboom!
,Recommended,264140,10621033,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Uneasium,A fun game but it can be tough to play.
,Not Recommended,264140,14089598,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,LizrdWizrd,This game is absolutely ABHORRID! Do not play it! Even on sale it wasnt worthy the money.
,Not Recommended,264140,14083853,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,gamble108,this is CRAP
,Not Recommended,264140,20427691,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Shimshar,the sound my CPU makes when i run this game is concerning also it seems pretty clunky and unfinished
76561198198889289,Recommended,264140,24101468,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Char Char,fun game
,Not Recommended,264140,24096027,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,🔞SPÜKY YÜKY (R-RATED!!!)🔞,"This game is overpriced, buggy, and underdeveloped. You can expect a more enthralling experience from a well-developed flash game. This game has hardly changed since I last played it and has not gotten any better.If you are really aching to buy this game, I hope you don't mind wasting ten dollars, or you're buying it on sale.I could have bought a week's worth of produce for the few hours of enjoyment this game brought for me. Thank goodness I bought it on sale."
,Recommended,264140,24271635,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,🅻🅸🅻 | CSGO500,A very fun game that I think everyone should play for fun!
76561198101186124,Not Recommended,264140,24644130,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,a slimer from gostbust-a-nut,I g;itch into the floor when i begin an adventure.
,Recommended,264140,15436837,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,AxiomExotic,DO WHAT YOU WANT CAUSE A PIRATE IS FREE
,Recommended,264140,14343965,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,CasM,10/10 would invade poland again
,Not Recommended,264140,14331333,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Admiral Allahu Ackbar,This game made me want the $0.99 back.
76561197963217574,Not Recommended,264140,14362384,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Justice Ftw,The devs never finished the game. It could have been great but they let everything go to hell. Don't buy.
,Recommended,264140,13861019,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,icethebite,this is a nice little rpg management sim with pirates the devs are nice and it gets updates somewhat often i would reccommand it to those people who like exploring and roleplay
,Not Recommended,264140,24358776,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Dualsaga184,"It might be cool or interesting later in the game but  the tutorial is awful, at one part it tells you to do something and I spent 5 minutes trying to figure out how to do that thing, never did so I skipped the tutorial and am now hopelessly lost. A bad tutorial can ruin a game."
,Recommended,264140,24049067,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Rzeszow.ml,You can build ship.You can't swim.F**K logic ...
,Recommended,264140,13628385,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Azn509,"Truth be told this is a bad game. You're crew doesn't know how to swim and drown half the time. You die to everything nearby unless you decide to travel a lot and the final bosses are hard and very far away.BUT there is hope. There is nothing more satifying than using cheat engine on this game and watch your captain slaughter an entire pirate ship and then blowing it up. I say if they give you an unfair game, play it in an unfair way. You can make crew member anything you want, maxing out thier health, but not thier damage and watch as they just tank out an entire fight.This is a hard game to play seriously due to it's flaws, but for some laughs and pirate music, why not enjoy it? For $2-10 it's a cheap price to pay for a small, but enjoyable game."
76561198039811077,Recommended,264140,13555711,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,The Bird Excalibur,"A great fight and plunder game of strategy and broad strength, you can go from having a tiny dingy like boat to an actual pirate ship while comanding pirates that you have hire to join your crew, you can give them different skills to allow them to have different ""jobs"" on your ship.It wouldent be fair without saying that this truly is a great game, also... YO HO FIDEL DEE DEE A PIRATES LIFE IS RIGHT FOR ME!"
,Not Recommended,264140,20435622,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Strangely_Sexy_Spiderman,"It's incredibly difficult to understand what's going on and why. For example, the way you'll find out about the Scurvy mechanic is when your entire first expedition dies to it. There's an Interact button, God alone knows why it's not the left mouse button, but you'll be standing in front of a chest like a moron and using Google to figure it out. There are Pets, but aside from Chickens (who lay eggs) and Crabs and Parrots (who attack) there doesn't appear to be a reason to keep the poop machines aboard. Speaking of poop, fully a third of your crew will be devoted to cleaning it off your ship. And if you'd like people to fish while you're at sea or your captain to dig while on shore, or anyone to capture animals, you'd better be prepared to enter the very klunky interface to change their weapons, as there's no way to carry fishing poles, animal traps, or shovels without them being one of your two primary weapons.There's a good game here, somewhere, but it's only a small step closer to usability than Dwarf Fortress and not nearly as entertaining."
,Not Recommended,264140,31409151,Posted: 27 April,all,ItsYaBoiHere,"JUST BECAUSE IT'S PUBLISHED BY RE-LOGIC, DOESN'T MEAN IT'S GOOD.It's actually quite♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I couldn't even get an hour out of a TEN dollar game.Learn what projects to back and which to bail on Re-Logic, Jesus Christ."
76561198110382639,Recommended,264140,15177377,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Sir Elezar,"First of all, people say this game was abandoned but it's NOT. It was very recently updated and is still getting patched, and that is probably going to continue. The beginning of the game is hard, but if you can get the ropes, it's definitely worth it.Things I think should be added though:- Better starting manual / an actual tutorial- Online multiplayer or co-op (That'd give the game a great feel)"
76561198029127401,Recommended,264140,13723030,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Opposing Forces,"Disclaimer: Updated - The issues that people had with the game have been fixed for awhile now.Quick Review: Do you like rouge likes? do you like pirates? stupid question i know. do you like Character progression? then this might just be the game for you. random world and characters. it's fun raiding other ships and storming islands.Thoughts: if this seems like something you'd like then buy it. the video pretty much covers the gameplay.Final thoughts: As you read these reviews please keep in mind that many people like to jump on banwagons, weather for good or ill. use your own brain and make your own choices.Edited for updated game."
,Not Recommended,264140,17811292,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,The Trump Wall,fix your game
76561198080698498,Recommended,264140,9509466,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,StarxStone,Its a bit challanging but its good for both time wasting and strong tactic thinking. Happy sailing and I hope to see you out there.
76561198216956396,Not Recommended,264140,21956728,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,sufuru,"overall nice game spoiled by many baaad things+pirates!+music+/-ship and crew management-bugs-boring phase before boarding enemy ship-no sort option- items, skills, tavern would benefit-bad performance/optimization-crashespity. i kinda liked it"
76561198048960635,Recommended,264140,31184722,Posted: 16 April,all,Webriprob,"Pixel piracy was okay. it took the leveling a little slow and the humor didn't really appeal to me. No multiplayer, which is bad, but the graphics were pretty good. sometimes it felt grindey but i keep playing it because it's still a fun game. 7/10"
76561198067225337,Recommended,264140,13720222,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mottillda,"Pixel Piracy was not exactly a game that I was looking for, but after picking it up, it definitely surprised me in how fun the game actually was. Graphically, the game is quite charming. Gameplay itself is an interesting mix of hands on and hands off. And the sandbox-esque way of creating your ship is quite lovely. The audio is a bit more of a mixed front for me than others, but all in all, positive.When it comes to how the game looks, Pixel Piracy is very much a retro throwback indy title. It's filled with lots of lovely blocky pixels, and really has that old school charm to it. If you are a fan of the low res, chunky looking games, the art alone just might sell Pixel Piracy to you. The only visuals that seem a bit mismatched and out of place are the sails and the sea itself. While every other bit of Pixel Piracy is nice and blocky, the sails and the water look more modern, and it can be a bit offputting.The gameplay of Pixel Piracy is wonderful! It is an interesting merger between a god game, and a game with a bit finer tuned controls. With the exception of more absolute control over the captain of your ship, most of the sailors go about their business as they please. (Particularly if they are unhappy!) Unless you select the ship group the sailor is directly associated with, getting them to move where you want is impossible. It can be a bit frusturating at first, but it really spices up the gameplay when you're trying your best to keep newer shipmates alive during a wild brawl amid decks!Pixel Piracy has the appeal that most sandbox games have. Do what you want, when you want, and the way you want. Moving up from a dinky little boat to a massive customized warship takes time, but finally getting there really feels rewarding! Building up a ship from scratch and using it to mow down lower tiered pirate ships is just a great feeling.The audio in Pixel Piracy is the one area that may need a bit of work. The shanties are funny, but limited. The sound effects in general are quite fitting to the game, to be completely fair. The real issue is how sailors will begin to have a ""conversation"" onboard your ship, which basically just results in them filling your ears with ""Yo ho!"", ""Dead men tell no tales"", ""Blow the man down"", and ""Shiver me timbers!"" over and over and over again. It was funny at first, but as the game progresses it does begin to wear on you a bit.Overall Pixel Piracy is a GREAT game! Sailing around the world, sinking the ships of your unworthy foes, and conquering islands gives the game a lot of replay value.  8.5/10"
,Recommended,264140,13722094,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DahFreak,Tis a good life bein a pirate
76561198115722358,Recommended,264140,15921761,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Bobbobfunnypants,its a great game but theres this glitch that keeps happening were my health just randomly drains
76561198085657072,Not Recommended,264140,14253558,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sir Long Wank The Dank,Can't select crew memeber i just used all my gold to buy with10/10
,Not Recommended,264140,21985075,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,moose_irl,"I purchased this with a coupon from badges, and I'm glad I was able to get it for so cheap. It has a lot of potential, but as is it's just not worth it. The tutorial isn't very helpful beyond the very basics, and the UI/controls are clunky and difficult to figure out. This could be annoying, but combined with the fact that after a while, the game either slows down to unplayable speeds or your crew inexplicably stops responding to commands no matter what yo try, make this not worthwhile. I like the graphics, and I liked the concept, but the execution is pretty bad."
,Not Recommended,264140,30247390,Posted: 28 February,all,Vindi,Assuming Pixel Privateers is the reason you've abandoned Pixel Piracy and left it in a insanely buggy state and completely unpolished?
76561198131086470,Recommended,264140,23936574,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Judged in Blood,Best pirate game out tharrrrr!!!!!
,Not Recommended,264140,29216505,Posted: 12 January,all,easy company,Not very fun
,Not Recommended,264140,29756354,Posted: 6 February,all,kanoSp00kにゃ,not fun takes too long to learn how to paly and i dislike how you ahve to restart after you die. jsut makes me rage quit
76561198099704746,Recommended,264140,15165540,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Terrahex,"First of all, Pixel Piracy is a really fun game that I feel like I've been waiting my entire life for. Ever since going on a one piece kick several years ago, I've wanted to sail the sees collecting crew and deal with the problems that pirates have to, and Pixel Piracy delivers on most accounts.Unfortunately, while the random events are exciting in the beginning, after a while they start to feel samey. Gathering a crew is fun and it hurts when they die as death is permanent, but once you get a large crew you start to realize that aside from whatever random thing the person says, everyone is basically the same.The pirate ship customization was a nice feature, but I found stealing and adding to other ships to be a much preferable alternative to making one from scratch.I got a good ten hours out of the game before I stopped playing, raising multiple pirate crews in the mean time. The last crew I played I decided that I would reset every time one of my crew members died so I'd finally get to challenge a legendary pirate. I got bored before then, and I doubt I'll ever get around to playing that far again.All in all, I had a lot of fun when I was playing it, and I was glad that I never had to look up a wiki thanks to an in game help section, which really wiled away the time spent sailing. I definitely recommend it to anyone who likes pirates, just don't expect too much out of it."
76561198058580730,Recommended,264140,15532300,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,im a toxic bitch,Played for 10 minutesMy crew betrayed meKilled my crewRan on my shipTook a♥♥♥♥♥♥on my shipThrew the♥♥♥♥♥♥in the water69/10 would throw♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Not Recommended,264140,11543513,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,blaa,"First time I bother reviewing a game:When you sail somewhere it´s like a loading screen, nothing happens and a % fills. The longer you sail, the longer it takes.You can´t even manage your crew then cause that pauses the game.EVERYTHING about the controls and menus in this game screams ""TOUCHSCREEN!"" and yes, it is coming for mobile devices, too.Drag to attack? Drag to move? Control the camera with wsad, can´t even use the mouse to pan the screen?The game feels like you´ve seen everything in like 30 minutes and then it just repeats.Horrible waste of money."
,Not Recommended,264140,28724747,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,John McRekus,its horrible
,Not Recommended,264140,28743307,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,suplex,Clean up♥♥♥♥♥♥from a wooden raft.
,Recommended,264140,13623305,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Falcon Grey,"A very fun, and very adictive game. xD I definatly reccomend this and well worth the price!"
,Recommended,264140,13865218,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Stroby,ARG!!!!!!
,Recommended,264140,8689152,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Herger Joyous,"Pixel Piracy I will admit turned out to be a lot more fun that I had ever imagined. Something that stands out to me now most of all, has to be how involved the devs are. These developers are devoted and demonstrating greatness at every turn. My hats off to them, and this game is being molded into something incrediable. Good buy, worth it."
76561198301234961,Not Recommended,264140,33062503,Posted: 30 June,all,camerontodd02,"this game isnt too bad, but it feels like its short of a lot of things, like ship variety."
,Recommended,264140,13509847,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Blanni,I did what i wanted because i was a PIRATE
76561198066215160,Recommended,264140,11169046,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Mt.Your Mother,"I began by naming  myself Euguene Krabs, captured a crew of animals, a dog , a turtle and a crab. I forgot to buy food and almost starved.  A little later my crab died during a raid. I was demoralized. Then the turtle shortly after drowned after being knocked off the ship. I promised myself the same wouldn't happen with the dog. So I hired a REAL crew, the Krusty Krew. I had a cook , a poo cleaner a cannonneer , and 2 fighter specialists.Oh! Did we raid, we sunk many ships, killed dozens of natives, pooped everywhere, and drank rum all the time. But....unfortunately this game was early access.  After raiding a ship, you destroy it up to get its contents. The dog Douglass was on the  enemy ship and for some reason the command to carry him to ours wasn't working. So with tears in my eyes  I blew up the enemy ship and watched Douglass perish too.To this day me and my 8 man crew still pillag, still drink , and still laugh but we don't forget the original crew who set sail with me long before.....8/10 very fun, but will remind you occasionally that its early access."
76561198041509901,Recommended,264140,10433818,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Totally Sane Swedish,"First day being a pirate, with Horke the Flatulant on my side! I set off to sail, encounter a lone trading ship, and...First day being a pirate, with the Falcon Blade on my side! I set off to sail, encounter an empty island, and touch a mysterious artifact...First day being a pirate, with no one on my side except a retired carpenter named Esus! I set off to sail, raise my crew and fight several pirate ships! Slowly, I become the king of the sea, and... my pirates starve to death because I never taught them cleaning or potty training and so they all drowned to death in their own♥♥♥♥♥♥and rotten watermelons.10/10, killed an oyster and got killed by oyster people."
76561197975424290,Not Recommended,264140,30209765,Posted: 26 February,all,Cagan,"Wow, such a horrible game and they actually charge people to play this POS?It is another example of an early access game suddenly ""releasing"" with horrible bugs, glitches because the developer most likely made enough money selling it before early access completed.DO NOT BUY IT."
,Not Recommended,264140,30355737,Posted: 6 March,all,YO WE FUCKING BACK BOYS,Abandoned
,Not Recommended,264140,30339638,Posted: 5 March,all,Ashur,Incredibly buggy still.
,Not Recommended,264140,14072644,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Doobie Keebler,"I really wanted to like this game.  I watched a few Let's Plays from when it was in Early Access and thought it looked like a lot of fun, which it can be at times.  I mean, you get to enlist your own pirate crew!  You can travel around, searching for treasure, fishing, getting scurvy and watching your pirate crew poop all over your boat!  What could be better?!However, I soon discovered that the finished product is just as unfinished as that Early Access alpha footage was.  Gamebreaking glitches and a poor UI plague you at every turn.  Sometimes, your pirate just decides to fall into the water and die.   You can give your pirates a bunch of different skills, but only the most recent one actually has any effect, leaving many players to wonder ""why doesn't my fisherman actually fish?""The developer is promising a new ""enhanced edition"" free update, however all of the official word on this update indicate that bug fixes aren't even on their radar.  They are treating the game as though it is basically finished but just needs some balance tweaks, when the truth of the matter is this game should still be on the Early Access list.   The phrase ""buyer beware"" has never been more applicable.If you don't mind paying for unfinished products, don't mind when a developer lists their product as finished when it is still very much in alpha stages and ridden with glitches, then you might still want to try this game.If you are of the opinion that a little bit of faith in indie devs is warranted, then you will probably be willing to buy this.But take my advice, wait for this game to go on sale.  It absolutely is not worth the full price, unless you have really low standards for games.  Even then, it's not really a good idea to throw money at devs who display no indications of understanding what their game's problems actually are.  The industry has enough of that already.UPDATE:  A few months back, the lead developer of Pixel Piracy posted a public apology for the state of the game.  In this apology, he admitted that Pixel Piracy was not in a finished state, that they weren't happy with it, and they would be addressing the numerous legitimate complaints that had been expressed.However, there is no record of this public apology on Steam anymore.  They have also appointed a new moderator to their subforum, and this moderator is insisting that the game is a finished product and that the developers are working on a new title.THESE DEVELOPERS COULD NOT BE BIGGER LIARS.  DO NOT SUPPORT THEM.  THEY HAVE ABUSED EARLY ACCESS, AND LIED TO THEIR CUSTOMERS REPEATEDLY.  THEY MAKE MONEY BY GENERATING HYPE, AND GOING BACK ON PROMISES.  DO NOT FALL FOR THEIR SCAMS."
,Recommended,264140,14518384,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Dorito Dust,"Major Edit:Take this from a guy who's played it for more than an hour or five.This game is easy (Though no walk in the park), simple, repetitive and very hard to get into at first. The constant lag spikes, the annoying frequent speech patterns of the pirates, the constant cleaning of crap, INSANELY constant feeding and paying your crew, hell this game was a little hard for me to digest for a while. But I stuck it out.I found quickly, that while the game was annoying in some areas, it actually held a lot of promise. The BGM was fun to listen to, never once had to turn down my volume (Despite some other reviews said), and I actually liked the ship battles. Sure, the enemy didn't start boarding your ship until later levels and your crew constantly stood around dying or killing themselves somehow, but I felt rewarded whenever I slaughtered them (Or died trying) to the very end and reaped my reward. It was satisfactory, to me.I was expecting (And will hopefully see it in Pixel Privateers) to see sea monsters, sirens, ginormous whales and other of those awesome pirate things that one would normally expect to see in a pirate game. Yet none of which were shown (Though the brief glimpse of the sharks were annoying rather because you couldn't fight (Or fish for) them). I'd still say this game was crap because of this.But.I actually stuck through it all, and not once did my complaints come to thought. I enjoyed the game, laughed at some of my own stupid (Gruesome) deaths and I only frowned whenever my game would crash (RARELY). The pixelated format of the game was fun, the controls were EASY to learn despite other reviews saying otherwise, the UI was alright AND you can turn off bloom (Which is a great way to reduce lag). The witty shanties that the pirates sang onboard or in the bars were fun to listen to, the interesting conversations that would go on (""I knew a pirate like you"" ""I got a jar of dirt!"") and of course my all time favorite Pixel Pirate moments... flag and ship editing. I loved the hell out of both of those things, never have I ever been able to design a ship that would sail (No, not even in Sid Meyer's Pirates was I able to do this (Even though it is an older game)). And my flag (Which was usually a Terraria reference) was fun. Yeah, I disliked the limited color choices, and the small space for the drawing board, but it was still creative.Really. I hated a lot about this game, but I loved it all the same.So, for all of the liked and disliked features of the game... I'd still have tor reccomend it, hell screw if it's on sail or not. Try the game out for yourself, I did and I wasn't as disappointed as I thought I'd be.In fairness.I'd give this game a solid 7/10.(I wonder if they'll add multiplayer in Pixel Privateers?)"
,Recommended,264140,15890379,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,StupidFoxᴿᴸ,This game is very hard and confusing at first but when you know how to play its amazing! And once i saw it was brought by the makers of terraria i just clicked buy lolz.
,Recommended,264140,16366932,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,nemuriciu,Great game !Try to make it online ! would be more than great !
76561198296729727,Not Recommended,264140,32410111,Posted: 14 June,all,averychapman,TERRIBLE I HATE IT AND PLZ GIVE ME A REFUND I SPENT MY holiday money on this
76561198167773923,Recommended,264140,32680459,Posted: 23 June,all,UN1DENT1F13D,"honestly, there are a lot of negative reviews here that complain about bugs and issues, but i havent run into any of them. yes, it has been kinda abandonded but it isnt bugged out in my opinion (havent encountereda single bug). the gameplay is slow, but thats what i like (although it is annoying that the whole crew need to be on the ship before you can move out). it has loads of stuff to manage, but not in an annoying way. you need to have someone for cleaning the♥♥♥♥♥♥of your deck, to fire cannons etc etc etc. prepare for long sessions if you like this game, because you wont quit after 5 minutes. (oh and everyone here is complaining about the crew not eating you need cooks for that that you have placed in the ship crew catagory"
,Recommended,264140,10843097,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,fpequeno49,"This Game is a must have! Played 12 hours straight when I first got it. I can finally live in my own poo, without getting yelled at. 11/10"
76561198088054909,Recommended,264140,11007388,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Sorlack,"Other than when people graple onto my ship and fly into space, and everytime you kill a crate or animal you get a level up, this game is great. After a while if you have only been using one pirate, he can dodge every shot, insta-kill everything, and move extremely fast, so if you want to have a challenge in the game, make a larger crew. I myself have beaten all of the legendary enemies, but have not beaten all of the groups that appear after each legendary enemy is destroyed. In my opinion, the game can end too fast, but getting to the end is really fun :3"
76561198048632195,Recommended,264140,10822654,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,MakoPolo,Has potential but sometimes the AI is annoying. My crew keeps on jumping off the boat.I see them die right before my eyes.8/10
76561198121181457,Recommended,264140,9737076,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Ziitrone,"Pixel Piracy is an interesting game. Have you ever wanted to just kick back, be a captain, and do WHATEVER you wanted? Well, this is the game for you then. Start off small, hire some nasty crew, and build a ship with enough cannons to cover the deck! I enjoy this game, because it gives you freedom, but there are also 4 bosses to beat. The most deadly pirates of the seas! Conquer them, and have your name known forever!"
76561197972291747,Recommended,264140,11610478,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,meathorse,"UPDATE 08/17/2014:Repetetive, fun and flavorful. $15 feels a bit much, but this is worth a sale price.Crew and ship management aside, there are only 3 actions that make up the gameplay.Visit friendly town.Visit hostile island.Visit hostile ship.All hostile encounters are very brief, which is super smart. Otherwise the repetition would be tedious. Quick encounters with quick rewards and rapidly advancing crew capabilities do an admirable job of compensating for the lack of variety in actual gameplay.One hidden gem is the soundtrack. There are some quality songs in here. Highly recommended viewing:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7_Tg3Ho47AOther than that, what you see is what you get."
,Recommended,264140,11700097,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,jeff,Made me moist
76561198080455175,Recommended,264140,10983703,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,iFrank,"I was expecting the same controls for Terraria/Arthur's Gold, but i was wrong.The controls are weird at first, Arrow keys/A D controls your camera, left click controls your captain, right click controls your crew; well you are not exactlycontrollinganything, it's sort of... acommandwhere the AItriesto follow it.The start can be tough for some people, initial stats are random you can end up with ""useless"" stats and you early game can be even ""harder"".There is a Morale and Hunger bar, most of the people tries to fill morale by paying salaries but you can do it for free at the tavernonlypay salaries when you are really far from any town with a tavern or you crew wont listen to you and eventually they will attack you; Hunger is not a problem at all, your ship starts with 2 watermelons (2 servings each), once you learn cooking and fishing (and get a fishing rod) you will be fine, you can even sell extra fish to get more gold.It is a good game lots of fun so far, and i definitely recommend it, expect bugs/balance issues, but as a beta game that's to be expected, looking forward to 1.0 :)"
,Recommended,264140,11884174,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Almost Cthulhu,"It's fun, unique and has a cool art style.  It's kind of hard at some points, toilets are a big problem for pirates apparently...Would reccomend for anyone who likes Starmade/Terraria, Pirate, Sandbox or anything really."
,Recommended,264140,10715409,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ali GG,"If you download this game illegally you can literally become a ""pixel pirate""Just sayin'."
,Recommended,264140,10762168,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,STaSHZILLA™,"Overall: 9/10Pixel Piracy is a fantastic game. Even in the Early Access state that it is in. I find that this game has a very high replayability factor and that is something I look for in the game. I mean come on! Who hasn't wanted to roam the seas stealing treasure and ships? And you get to build your own ship and crew from the ground up! All of which is different everytime you play. Even when you save your game, The world changes! I would recommend this game to anyone looking for an adventure on the open seas!For those of you reading some negative comments, I would like to shed some light on this:(I will not be giving you links to any of my points as I feel you are all capable of doing research for yourselves to base your opinion on.)1. This game is still in Early Access. I would suggest reading the Steam definition of ""Early Access"" Aside from that, I have seen several updates and changes. All of which have helped the overall game.2. ""Bad graphics"" Ok. We are in a time where graphics are no longer a factor in creating a great game. (minecraft, terarria, neo scavenger) These graphics are a personality choice and I find they compliment every aspect of the gameplay.3. ""Bad music"" This goes back to the ""Early Access"" statement. Some devs have this amazing idea for a game but no money or staff to quickly make a game. So the solution is to create an early access game, get some money, hire more people, get better results. So, recently The devs have acquired enough money to hire actual composers to make music. GIVE IT TIME.4. ""Repetitive gameplay"" Once again, yes it is Early Access and some acpects will be sort of repetitive until the Devs get to it. (they have their own list of priorities)  Personally, I feel every game ever made has repetitive gameplay. Name a game that doesnt. If you hit a key more than once and it achieves the same outcome more than once, that its a repeat. The simple fact that this game will offer different encounters, stats, islands, cities, etc is a fantastic solution to the ""repetitive gameplay"" I'm sure by the full release there will be so many different things to do that you'll be satisfied with the game.5. The devs took our money and ran. WRONG ON SO MANY LEVELS! Read the change log. Watch videos on older version of this game. This game chances everytime I play it. And if this game was a scam, why would Re-Logic invest money into contaminating Terarria with this scam. You have to remember that it takes time to assemble a team to create the best game you can. (play game dev tycoon for proof) The devs are very much using our money for more staff and better plans to give you the best game they can. Read Alex's post for your self.These were just a few of the negative comments I have see that I personally disagree with. This game is fantastic as we as the devs creating it. I want to thank all of you who read to the bottom of this post, and I hope to see you on the game! If you have anyfurther questions about the game or any of my points, I would be happy to lend a hand. Thanks and keep gaming!Also, Alex(dev) thank you for making this game. I'm extremely happy with the game. I would even buy it again for a friend! I am a huge supporter of early access games, Give the smaller guys a chance to shine. Shine on man!"
,Recommended,264140,11452381,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Unholy Symbiosis,"I bought this game the day it came out on steam and have enjoyed it since. Don't let my low hours fool you, I play in offline mode quite a bit so go ahead and throw maybe 60+ hours onto my time.Do you like the idea of having a ridiculously named pirate captain? In charge of a swarthy band of crazed misfits as you loot and plunder the seas until your cargo bay bulges and your decks are stained with the blood of your enemies? Or how about discovering new lands and killing the inhabitants.....maybe you find treasure...maybe you barely escape by the tip of your Falcon blade. This game is all about the experience, and my god what an experience.Okay so yes the game isn't very easy to begin with for some people. I could see how you could get frustrated with the low amount of gold, tiny ship, and little to no help as far as a tutorial goes. Stick with it is all I have to say. This game has a huge amount of character and an infinate replayability that is rare by todays standards. How good is this game? I will be the first to say that this game single handedly cleansed me of my Minecraft addiction.From the cling and clang of blades to the strange and lovable pirate songs, this game has tons going for it. The music hands down is my favorite aspect of the game. It has incredible atmosphere and is just so well done, so polished that you will be humming the tunes for months. Grog filled tavern ballads, seagulls, waves crashing, weird pirate accents, there won't be a time in the game where you aren't immersed.The awesome rpg like elements of raising your band of pirates can be staggering at times. You will invest in your crew and you will slowly by your hand shape and mold them into what they are. The skills you can train your pirates work on a level system, the higher the level the more efficent they become at said duties. Cleaning the decks, fishing, cooking, learning to be more hygenic, battle prowess skills.....there are even ultimate skills that cost a small fortune to obtain. So yes when a member of your crew dies in battle you will feel a sense of loss in certain ways.Building your own ship is one of the greatest things this game has going for it. Want a floating pile of poo? Done. Want a huge skull and crossbones? Easy. How about an intricate blimp? Difficult to manage but doable. Basically if you can think it up you can build it as your pirate ship to a certain degree. Remember this is Pixel Piracy not a 3d game, you are working on a 2d landscape with blocks and other objects. As you progress in the game you can make some truly magnificent ships that you will be proud of.Edit 1: I am inserting this edit for the sole purpose of talking about the issues with bugs and other problems. Currently this game has a ton of bugs and glitches, so many in fact that it is difficult to even begin to create a list for you. Now this edit comes after final release and several subsequent updates. You will experience bugs and glitches, no game will be free of them and I must warn and also encourage you at the same time. The developers are highly motivated to make this game the best it can be and you can help as well by becoming active on the forums by pointing out issues. These issues don't change my recommendation for purchase, the game is still highly addictive and a blast to play.I could go on and on but I won't ruin the rest of the game for you. Just ask yourself a few simple questions if you are on the fence about this purchase. Do you like Pirates? Do you like rpg like elements? Do you enjoy 2d masterpieces like terraria etc? This game is insanely fun and can easily suck hours and hours out of your life. I love this game, yep.....I love it......now all it needs is insult swordfighting and pub games."
,Recommended,264140,10767272,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,I like semen,"The game is manly pirates who dont know how to sh*t so then, you basicly end up with a boat full of sh*t and you need to teach to your pirates how to proprely sh*t and how to clean so therefore, the cleaner will trow♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere and kill other pirates by trowing them in the water while they dont know how to swim10/10"
,Recommended,264140,10872893,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,BatmanX,"This is an awesome game.  Although still Early Access and they are working things out - it is a blast.  If you are having trouble getting started, try this: Hire 1 person right away.  Get him leveled so he can clean your ship.  Then make someone a fisherman and a cook.  Give them both learn fast.  Some of the money stuff is broken/screwed up, so as you hire more crew, make them fisherman.  You can sell the surplus fish in town to make money.  Just following these few things will keep your men alive for you to learn the ropes.  Remember to go back to town and hit a tavern to keep your men happy.  :)"
76561198145872898,Recommended,264140,29815323,Posted: 9 February,all,DodoDude,"You can train your pirates how to clean up the literal, ""poop deck,""10/10 would clean up poop again"
,Not Recommended,264140,30121626,Posted: 23 February,all,[TRG] Roy,Way too buggy.
,Recommended,264140,29515278,Posted: 26 January,all,Poi,"Being a pirate, sailing the seas, conquering new lands, and giving skills to your crew members. These skills can be useful, like increasing damage, or cooking, or even fishing. What's the most important is cleaning. BECAUSE EVERY SINGLE PERSON YOU HIRE JUST S**TS ALL OVER THE BOAT BECAUSE WHY NOT."
,Recommended,264140,13861770,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,MentalRobot,"I dissagree with most of the negative reviews.these are some of the best devs ive seen in awhile, they are aways working on how to make any of their games better.and they listen to their fans, i have seen quite a few suggestions by fans actually get implimented into the game."
,Not Recommended,264140,15223507,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,TheGodlyGoat,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! The game is unfinished, it has no instructions, it drops you right in, with unfinished Gui and awkward controls. It'snotworth the money at all. Do not support the game."
,Recommended,264140,15591151,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,RandomAtomWaffle,Fun Game
,Recommended,264140,15592055,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Lord Bonanza,"I didn't pick up this game until I heard that Re-Logic got some help from another developer and started fixing up some of the problems that the community had with this title and overall making this game great.That said, it's definitely worth playing.I was surprised at how deep the game is.  Each pirate you recruit, including yourself, can level up which allows you to allocate stat points on them, give them certain skills or jobs like fishing or cleaning up the ship, as well as giving each pirate a unique personality and a little bit of backstory.  There's a ton of weapons, skills, little gimmicks that you can add on to your ship to boost certain attributes or your pirates' abilities, and a lot of customization when it comes to building your ship.The UI, menus, and the controls maybe take a little bit to get used to.  It's all cluttered and hard to figure out how to navigate through them, and it's hard to know how exactly to take off blocks and add blocks to your ship.  There's also not much explanation on items in the stores so you won't really know how skills work until you spend the gold on them and try them out.  After some time with the game, this all becomes easy to deal with.When you make your world, you choose what kind of history it has and what kind of pirate you'll be, and then the world is randomly generated.  Each town and island offers something different, although it starts to get a little repetitive as an island will usually just have hostile inhabitants and maybe a treasure chest.Battles are pretty difficult at times, but rewarding whenever you get an opportunity to capture a cooler ship than the one you currently have or to blow it up and gain the loot.  The game starts to get easy once you hire a bunch of pirates and level up their stats to crazy levels to where you'll almost never lose.  It does start to become a problem as there is too much crew management rather than actually playing the game, since you have to level up each individual pirate as well as equip them with the best weapons and passive items you've got.  This starts becoming time consuming once you get to a crew size over 10+ pirates, and would maybe benefit from an auto-level up and auto-equip feature.I'm happy with this game and would love to see some more updates to it with more exciting content.  I know there's still a lot for me to see and a lot more challenges to come my way."
,Not Recommended,264140,10587068,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,darksteelhyren,This game LOOKS cool.In fact it is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible.  The preview videos make this look a lot better than it is.  DO NOT waste your money on this early access piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,264140,10748934,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Darcook,"After spending a few hours with this game, I would like to pen my fustration and annoyance, as the autosave feature doesnt actually create a save file.It's a pretty solid base for a game, make a ship, collect gold, level up skills, earn a crew, fight bigger enemies. I enjoyed playing it after the initial 20minutes it took me to realise WTF I was doing, and learnt which fights to avoid (hover over enemies to check their health).A tutorial would be fantastic, as it's a little bit tough to get your head around what is going on. I still dont know how to catch animals, but theres a whole menu for it when you press esc. Speaking of, the escape menu is terrible. You cant check your inventory without going to the individual pirates page and equiping them, you need to press a little hidden button in the top left to set sail when you've navigated to an area and there's not really any indication of what you can do/when.The AI for crew and captain is terrible, you have to click like a madman to get out of a fight you are losing. There's minimal ways to heal an injured teammate. There's no direction to the game either, no overarching story line that'd ""hook"" me to play again.Saying that, when I was playing I was having fun blowing up ships and trying to cheat the RNG encounters at sea. It's cute seeing captain feathersword get his♥♥♥♥♥handed to him time and time again.All in all, needs more work done to it to turn this concept game into a functioning, polished, user-friendly state.4/10.TL;DR - Pirates! The difficulty curve is too high for too little reward. Pick this game up in a few years."
,Not Recommended,264140,11144350,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Orson Krennic,feels like a mobile game and is very repettitive
,Recommended,264140,15697954,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,mackimus,An amusing tim waster. Worlds are randomly generated so each time you remake the game its different. All that poop though... All that poop...
,Recommended,264140,15592621,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,MadMatt,"Great addicting game, couldn't step away from it seemed. Sadly later in the game and the longer you played the game it would eventually crawl to a stop and performance became a huge issue. I would have to reset the game to make it playable. almost game breaking to know a pixel game is causing graphics and performance issues.  all in all i give this game a 8/10"
,Recommended,264140,16352296,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Xafron Chi 宁 静,"A fun little game with a lot to do.  Sail across the seas from to tribal islands, towns, pirates ships and more while taking on quests.  Hire more crew, upgrade them, teach them, try to keep them alive, fail, do it again.  Build or steal bigger and better ships as you venture into evermore dangerous waters.And if you're not careful, every deck will become the poop deck..."
,Not Recommended,264140,29950485,Posted: 15 February,all,Snarplord: A Netflix Original,"This is one of the few games where I actually get to be a part of the raw, thrilling experience that is drowning in other people's waste."
,Recommended,264140,9867630,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,NeoN,Yar har fiddle dee dee..YOU ARE A PIRATE!YAR HAR FIDDLE DEE DEEDO YOU WHAT YOU WANT CAUSE A PIRATE IS FREE!
,Not Recommended,264140,18363629,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,peppage,"This game is fine. I can't recommend it based on the performance and UI problems. Toward the end of the game I had stuttering so bad I couldn't even move the camera. This made placing items on your ship even more tedious. The UI also had me frustrated at many points and it was only until later I figured out I could scroll the list of items you can equip on a pirate. SO MUCH CLICKING. An inventory that let you select multiple items would have gone a long way. Buying 10x an item and having to click for each was brutal.There needed to be some more automation with the elements that were tedious (placing food, leveling up pirates). It would have been better if their were less weapons but they were more diverse. I was drowning in weapons and just gave up figuring out which ones did what when usually the ones that were already leveled are the best.The ship building is fun although extremely pointless. Allowing the player to customize their experience with their own ship and naming of their pirates is what this game did best.I hate to be so negative because I could see the potential of a game like this but this one fell short."
76561198128506170,Not Recommended,264140,22878657,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,a sideways mob,"started fun, got worse as i played it out to the point where i'll never touch it again. coming back after a long break they added an overlay that made seeing the screen difficult, so i guess they don't want me to see that i still don't like it"
,Not Recommended,264140,23175816,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,BoomerTheEpic,"Although many enjoy this game, I did not. I've only played 20 minutes of it and I'm completly confused and lost. The game did a terrible job of describing what I should do. Although I do wish for a lot of freedom in games, after the tutorial of this game I found myself not knowning what I was doing, what I was going to do, and how I would even do it. I walked blindly through the game trying to work out mechanics as I went but it was very difficult to do so. I wish for the best for this game and the creators but I wish that some more explantion can be thrown into the tutorial. I should not have to watch a video on the internet to figure out how to play. I will give this game another try once I watch some videos made by experts, but until then I will question if my 10$ spent on this game was really worth it. I'm not able to put much money into video games, so I hope that some discovery can turn my current opinion around.Thank you,  ---Boomer"
76561198046109469,Not Recommended,264140,23294336,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Evil Monkey,Not worth it even on sale.
,Recommended,264140,9812228,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Thick Crust,"Amazing, if they had multiplayer (and local multiplayer) this game would be complete."
76561198079413082,Recommended,264140,9817124,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Razor,great game
,Recommended,264140,9818220,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Kenny Log-ins,"This game is adorable and imaginative. Everybody on my crew has their own personality and skills, it's really cool. As far as the early access part, just a few small things are off (mislabeled items in shops etc.) but it gets updated very regularly. Worth the money."
,Recommended,264140,9813928,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Dreamsicle Swirl,"Fantastic game for only 15 bucks! It's only in Alpha and I've already sunk several hours into it. Some skills don't work, and loading the game causes any part of your ship not on the screen to be moved down two blocks. Alpha is alpha, but I'm glad I've got the game and it's still being worked on. 9/10, so much replayability and the progression really feels good."
,Recommended,264140,9789864,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Shaved Goat & Vintage T-shirts,"Yes, yes, yes! This game is so cool and amusing! Everything is so good with it! I'd like to recommend this game because it's somehow more challenging than it looks. You have to keep your pirates' mood up all the time by visiting taverns so they can have a good time 'n' drink. You can also customise your pirate ship to look exactly how you want it. With cannons and such.. To get money to buy things is also fun.I haven't obtained any bugs yet, which is amazing. I recommend this superior game!"
76561198076633917,Recommended,264140,9795324,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,MuncenBuncen,YES I've been waiting for a game like this thx god I had terraria to get a discount for it X3
,Recommended,264140,9790816,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,polybius.,"although a very good game, still in alpha so it's really screwed up, if you can deal with bugs like screwed up save files i'd 'reccomened it, but i lost my lvl 40 pirate that way :'( but again, it's still in alpha so many updates will come, who knows, multiplayer? i hope."
76561198042137558,Recommended,264140,9792727,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,TitansaysHELLO,"Highly Addictive, very fun, get it on sale or pay full pirce or pirate it since it is encouraged XD"
76561197994672552,Recommended,264140,9807129,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Skittles,"awesome game, simple but genius."
76561198087852650,Recommended,264140,9792039,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Monkeyz-1,i recommend this just cause of the feeling of adventure in the randomly generated world
76561198108916340,Recommended,264140,9793318,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,cody_schumm,"Spent the past 30 mins and $15 trying to get this game to launch, it just loads up the 1st 2 screens plays opening music for 1 second then shuts down and closes...very disappointing hopefully this bug will be fixed soon or a mac version will be available."
,Recommended,264140,9800747,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,generalprofesser,this is one of those games you play and get addicted to. I would reccomend it to the people hwo have a lot of time on their hands
,Recommended,264140,16576876,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Admiral_Nemis,Do what you want'cause a pirate is FREE.YOU ARE A PIRATE!!Good Pixel Game with Effect!9.8/10 :D
76561197993283995,Recommended,264140,11491846,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Josh,"This is a great game. I've spent many hours sailing around blowing up ships, however it was getting a little tedious but now with the most recent update its rejuvinated the whole game for me. I look forward to getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off every time a crewmember ive pumped loads of skills into dies because of cannonfire or when fightling legendary pirates not just getting so strong it can go toe to toe with an entire ship by itself. The new ship designs are really cool as are the new weapons. I dont really have any major issues with this game now the new update is out however in the future I would like to see some more diverse ""story"" changes when you select how you want your world to be. Other than that I would reccomend this game."
76561198080833647,Recommended,264140,30088184,Posted: 21 February,all,Durgine,"Maybe, not sure, I still have it installed and want to play it more, but not hooked immediately.  More a recommend than not I suppose, but not enthusiastically recommend."
76561198085600611,Recommended,264140,30093385,Posted: 21 February,all,UnoriginalLobster,it's a good game it has a nice theme and has a nice idea for what it is and how it achieves it
,Not Recommended,264140,13725076,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Lexyt1,"Nope.Saw some popular youtubers playing this a while back. I bought it, because it seemed like a great game, and the fact that it was early access just meant that it would be added to above this to me, so I downloaded it.Upon launch, crash. Well, okay then, I suppose it's early access.Launch again, play for a bit. To be honest I would have prefered it crash again. You don't have any freedom to create a ship, it's like being told to build big ben and being given half a bucket of lego bricks.As far as actually playing goes, it was about as balanced as the ocean we were sailing on. I would either painfully slowly watch as I got a tiny bit of income after paying my crew and buying essential supplies, because the gameplay just does not pay up. The fighting is pretty much just throw all your crew at the other ship, if you have more crew, you might well win. If not, then you're going to come out of that fight dead or with less crew, and at that point, it's going to take a while to get another crew member.And that's just the ship fights, you so much as set foot on an island and the locals will maul you to death. And then I see that there are 'epics' floating around in the open waters. Packed full of crew. And cannons. Yeah! there are cannons. Good luck ever finding out how the hell you can get them on your ship, never played long enough.Oh and then it crashed. I said I might come back and have a look later when it's further through development.What's that? The developers abandoned it and left a single man on the case?......This game put me off early access. Don't buy it."
76561198048140341,Recommended,264140,12467888,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Oreace,I have played the game for a while but i wish the developers would fix (if its a glich) crew members who suddenly turn to mutiny for no reason. Though i do like the game.
,Recommended,264140,10898696,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Uzdo,"If you like pirates, and high sea adventure in highly randomized generated worlds, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,264140,12431477,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Glenni83,"Good Game, and verry fun. Only negative to say, the content dosent last longer then about 7 hours and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ torturial. Prolly look on youtube to see how it works. but when u get the hang of it. Worth the money."
,Recommended,264140,30496388,Posted: 13 March,all,DNAGAMES,First Impressions video : Giveaway in the video description!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkAR4J2AvMU&t
,Not Recommended,264140,25154208,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,тĤᗴ𝐫ǝ𝐀𝕃ώᵒＫ𝑒¢н𝓾ℕgᑌs➂❸࿄,abandoned
,Recommended,264140,11527221,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Angery,"I loved it, all until the part where my character died because he prioritised practising with swords over eating, and he wouldn't eat no matter what was told to him."
,Not Recommended,264140,20138548,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,RamesGamesLC,"The game is only worth it's current sale price which is 85% off 9.99 aka $1.49 USD.They released the game unfinished, and continued to fix their mistakes (yay) for several months maybe even a year.Sadly, they never finished fixing all the bugs, or adding all the content, and now the devs as far as I know have abandoned the game.Q.) Is it playable?A.) It has a few hours worth of gameplay, before encouting bugs and late game balance issues. Actually, everything is unbalanced.You know, save yourself some money and only get the game on sale.I personally wouldn't recommend anything from these devs, unfortunately. This game was decent, then broken, then in development, then released, then in more development... Sadly the end result isn't much better than where it was. And a sloppy developer isn't going to get better the more money you throw at them.And the OST? Lol, not worth $3.99. Should be part of buying the game.Sorry, I just lost faith after all the tweaking and supposed fixes that eventually changed really nothing. it was fun while it lasted in development, because there were excuses for it all. But it hasn't been in early access for... Idk, over a year, maybe 2 years? I lost track of time. I'm only here to not recommend the game.It's your money, spend it how you want.R.I.P. Pixel Piracy."
,Recommended,264140,13438053,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,"A little bit hard at start, but funny and interesting game about piracy."
,Recommended,264140,22771135,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,vokiel,"Pixel Piracy can be resumed as a concept game with unhealthy obsessions for poop deck jokes and pixelated bleeding. The concept works simply and well enough to be fun for about 20 hours of game play, then it gets quite repetitive. You side scroll pirate ship battles, build a ship and a crew from your plunders and find booty yarr! That's about it.For it's peculiar game play and to encourage Indie game developers I have no problem recommending it, but don't expect to find much more than what's on the cover."
76561197962714021,Not Recommended,264140,23296441,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,daves2hd,Just nope. Game had many promises and none fulfilled. The current gameplay offer about an hour of gameplay before you reached full insert and repeat.Te idea is interesting and the concept is cool. The project was abandoned and left in a barely playable state. There is some ground work there but no real finished content or progression.
76561198018657477,Not Recommended,264140,32797387,Posted: 25 June,all,Jindex,no
,Recommended,264140,12180723,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,AmPremier,"My cleaner pirate shot poo so it landed on my cat and it died. 10/10 gameA fun game that way too many people take way too seriously. So what if the cleaners don't automatically assign themselves over how to clean the ship? It's way more fun to watch them fight over some poo and then seeing one of them throwing it at the wall at supersonic speed!Love it, one of the most fun things I've played in my life. Been many times where I just laugh and need to call my friend over some silly thing that just happened. And for people complaining about ♥♥♥♥ing everything here, lighten up? It's not offending anyone and it's just trying to have som good old fun for everyone. Let's all enjoy the poo-flinging pirates :3"
,Recommended,264140,12178598,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Da Luv Docta,"Normally I do not write reviews, but after reading all of the over the top negative reviews I figured I would write one to more accurately depict the game.Are there a few bugs?  Sure there are, but the Devs update the game weekly to fix any known issues.The biggest complaint I can find is that there is a bit of a steep learning curve.  However, once the mechanics and controls of the game are understood the game is very enjoyable.  You get to custom build a ship; you can choose to either take over or plunder an enemy ship; you can even engage in ship vs ship events and island invasions.  The music is catchy and after hours of playing this game you'll find yourself talking like a pirate!Ultimately, Pixel PIracy is game that will provide hours of entertainment and while at times the game feels a bit stale due to the repetiveness of gameplay who doesn't enjoy roaming the seas with a crew of pirates?!"
76561198000917712,Not Recommended,264140,26380382,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,DarknessEyes,Worst UI ever.Boring and repetitive.
,Recommended,264140,11529741,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Minty Python,"Pick up some poop with your bare hands, throw it onto a friend then shove some rum in his face to make him forget it.  9/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,12519422,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Bombzero,"Showed promise at one point, has mostly failed to pan out into anything truly interesting. For the most part it's been a long saga of minor updates and tweaking the same original feature base, along with removing quite a few features, all to result in a game that currently has a single initial difficulty wall and then is just repetitive combat for several dozen more battles."
,Not Recommended,264140,19372071,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,LazeBlaze,The only piracy in this game is that they make you pay for this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198112592679,Recommended,264140,11570868,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Wasabito,"This game is not too complex, but it is enjoyable. I recommend any game that gets me for 8+ hours (I don't have much time to play).It has something magic on doing 4 things for hours. You go to shop, you modify your ship, you go to islands and you fight other ships. That's it, but you can't quit. Maybe it is because you need to know if you are going to have money for your sailor's salaries. Maybe it is because you want to take out all other pirates and be the king of pirates. Maybe you just want to trap chickens and train them to be a killing machine. Or maybe you just want to have your ship as a Royal Caribbean cruise with all the ammenities and plenty of food.I would recommend if pixel graphics don't bother you, and you enjoy non-intensive action games.Graphics: 7 if you like pixel graphics. Colorful, nice, few images (repeated)Gameplay: 8: simple click and wasd, grinding, waiting times where you just check your crew to avoid a mutiny. But it has something that prevents you from quitting the game (maybe it's because it has an autosave feature and I don't have an idea how to manually save)Story: 9: well, not a really rich story (no story at all), but who the heck wouldn't like to be a pirate.Fun: 9. This game is very enjoyable.Note: I've read some comments where they complaint about bugs. I haven't got any bugs so far. My pirates won't suicide or drown into the water (maybe they have to change their ship layout). No crashes so far."
,Recommended,264140,11577530,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,An Evil Penguin,A good game that shows a lot of potential. This is however too buggy for me right now. I will come back to this soon and hope that it has been improved!
,Not Recommended,264140,30602807,Posted: 18 March,all,I'm Bad Please Don't Kick Me,Dev ran away with money and gave nothing promised
,Recommended,264140,12933649,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Spyzee,This game is a 10/10 for me but sure there are bugs i give it a ten because with its current state its amazing so think about the future!?!
,Recommended,264140,10780119,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Korpsus,"Now that the 1.0 is officially released, the game is significantly more playable and provides fun with a sense of purpose.I hope to see continuing updates as there are some things that I dislike (mayhaps it is intentional?)--Hunger is difficult to suppress and most foods only provide HP, not hunger (it should help at least a tiny bit?)--Numerous times I had just fed my poor pirates as I scoured town to town to buy food to stock on the ship which they then had to be on the boat to eat.--These pirates are savages! They don't share the food and only think about themselves. I wish there was someway to ration or manually make one eat.--Hunger goes down way too fast, I finally got to a shop and spent all the money I had only to run back to the ship to eat it and be basically slightly better off than I was before, but now poor.--Food doesn't cost a lot, but I often never have money to buy enough. Most games conclude in starvation.--All the previous notes are about hunger; but there are times the screen gets really convoluted. Why can't I zoom in/out anymore? It was a decent function.--ALSO, a huge thing that really bothers me is that when you stock food in a barrel and the barrel is removed (e.g., if you capture a different ship) the food disappears! I mean, you stock up all your money and go on a long trip and find a sick pirate ship that you can steal (cuz thats what pirates do) and you have no food in the middle of nowhere. And why are there seagulls pooping on my ship in the middle of the ocean!?--So ya think that fishing would solve the hunger issue... ""Oh just get yourself the fishing rod and fish/cook skill!"" Well not so fast my scurvied friend, the pirates have such bad ADHD that they can't do just ONE task. Fishing is never effective because he would rather clean up poop or glutton over the ramen in the 5th barrel i had to buy or practice with the sword rack when he really doesn't need to.It is a great game. I just have a headache from the little pirates not doing what I want them to."
76561198071294262,Recommended,264140,11250412,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Sir_zanderTv,i love this game :D
,Not Recommended,264140,15782757,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,sceadwian,"AS much as I enjoyed playing this game so far, I cannot recommend it to other people. I purchased this game with the intention of playing it on my linux machine as I do try to support games that put the effort to run on linux. To my disappointment this game has never loaded on my linux rig and I can't even get propper support to see if they are even willing to do anything about that. So I don't recommend this game to other players, and I will refrain from buying anything made by this developper in the future since they don't seem to be very good following through with promises of being cross platform."
76561198080994772,Not Recommended,264140,22276623,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,COLOSSAL COLIN,I played 36 minutes of this game.36 minutes too many.'Nuff said
,Not Recommended,264140,28197256,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,[!?] Shas'O Faiz,Shoddy controls and wonky difficulty mar what could have been a great game.
,Not Recommended,264140,30622138,Posted: 19 March,all,a confused grandma,just don't please they call it released but they just released the worlds biggest pile of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,264140,21290790,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Garrnet,"Doesn't really do it for me. It's pretty unpleasant visually, as the pixel work isn't exactly stunning there are minimal animations (and whoever thought bloom for this game was a good idea should probably be fired). The music is serviceable but the pirate speech is incredibly annoying. The AI is pretty uncooperative and the gameplay gets stale pretty fast, in my opinion. I don't have an amazing computer but it doesn't feel like it should run as poorly as it does.It feels like someone had just discovered the ""You Are A Pirate"" meme and then get really excited about making a game about pirates, but once they had added that in along with ""I've got a jar of dirt"" they weren't really sure where to go next. It seems rather unfinished to me, and I just couldn't bring myself to keep playing it."
,Recommended,264140,11770417,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Sum Fuk,You can Kick Poop off you're Ship.11/10
,Recommended,264140,11745701,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,montaulk,"Fun little game to spend some time on. A little buggy at times, and some of the item descriptions could be done better. I've enjoyed playing it."
76561198011976395,Recommended,264140,11537266,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Joseph is sexy,"One of the most engaging 2D games I have played in a long time. Very intense control of upgrading and customizing yourself and crew. The combat gets a little repetative after a couple of hours, but still enjoyable. Very fun trying to gain wealth in order to expand your crew and ship. Takes times and patience, but well worth the effort when you have an awesome ship and crew that kicks butt."
,Not Recommended,264140,14495059,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,SCORPEANrtd,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! I got pulled into it by receiving a discount, when I did I decided I might as well try it as it was so cheap... But even thought it was, I believe half off, it was a COMPLETE RIP-OFF! I mean seriously, if it was made in 1970, I would consider getting it for $5.,, CONSIDER...What angers me most is that it's been out for nearly a year now... But how much progress has went into it? A dreadful amount of almost none, I mean the first time I played when I first bought it... It was... Alright, better than most crap games, and it had a very good idea to it... It just wasn't done well... So I decided I would wait until there was more changes and updates, and then come back to it...Well it seems that almost a year later they've done ♥♥♥♥ all about the game... Sure a few additions... And then a complete ♥♥♥♥-ton of bugs, I mean it's ridiculous how often this game crashes, changes languages randomly, or just gets stuck on the ocean, and no matter what you press it doesn't do anything, so you have to tab out and exit out, waiting 5 minutes for it to close... What a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of money, I wouldn't pay $0.01 for this game in it's current state... Hell, I wouldn't even want to be paid $100 to play it for 24 hours... That's just pure torture...But, Scorp, why not just submit bug reports and hope they get fixed? Well for starters, I went to try submitting a bug, but it takes you to a website that looks like it's from the ♥♥♥♥ing 80's. And aside from that, there's nowhere you can submit a bug report... Or but maybe I should just register? That should do it right? Well i'm sorry but if I have to register on some weird bug report site, in order to help the game, you obviously don't know how to develop a game...Lies, lies, lies! ALL OF IT!Honestly, i've never seen so much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in reviews or advertizement before... 74% positive reviews? for this garbage? How is that even possible?Obviously more money has gone into paying people to write positive reviews, than it has to develop this game...And the game apparently was made by the same people that created Terraria... Oh Terraria, what an amazing game you were... I mean, Starbound was a bit of a flop, it had its ups and downs... Mainly downs... But it was at least fun... But this game? Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is just awful, just terrible, there is no way that it was made by the same people... Unless of course they were hit over the head with a baseball bat 8754 times (each) before hand... NO WAY!Oh, but I heard that they sorta up'd and quit (I wonder why, I mean, they release a 11% fininshed game for $10 on steam, what were they thinking) and hired some dumbass to do ""updates"" there have been more additions to making bugs than actual content...This game tries to come off as an Early Access or Early Development game, but the damn thing has been out for nearly a year, and it's not even a quarter finished to be worth $10...I have so much more to say about this, but honesly, I only need to say one statement:0/10, This is the worst game that i've ever played, and hopefully will ever play, it isn't even worth a cent... The devs are not even lazy, they are just non-existent, the bugs run rampant, it wouldn't even pass for a game from three decades ago!TL;DR 0/10 WORST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED"
,Recommended,264140,26888789,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cheetodexter,Ahoy
,Recommended,264140,12240635,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Soupz,"very nice game, has heaps of bugs though"
76561198060194904,Recommended,264140,13855299,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Private James Ryan,This game is hands down the best game I have ever played!!! The only thing i dont like is my crew mates suck at fighting (right now) and the poo all over my ship. I rate this game 69/420 and when I play MLG it is 10 Cups of MTN dew/ 10 cups of MTN dew!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Everyone get this game next time it drops to 2.74$ AMAZING!!!!! My FaZe clan would love multiplayer so we could rekt some scrub pirates with our noscopes and 890 trickshots! Join my FaZe clan my name is XxX_Ob4M4_R3Kt_$kRuBS_A1l_d4Y_XxX
,Recommended,264140,21945525,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Slump,I encountered this bug where I got really high and played this game until 9 AM.  Plz fix.
,Not Recommended,264140,16362293,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,PapíDimmi,"This game is hard to control.The tutorial tips looks like they were written by an 11 year old.Annoying pirate speech at all times, and some dude repeating ""eat the fish"" every 10 seconds.Confusing menus too.This game couldn't get more annoying."
76561198122540982,Not Recommended,264140,30349917,Posted: 5 March,all,kylerallen2003,It's just a bad game.
76561198181011757,Recommended,264140,23299072,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,mconnor4ever,This game is super fun. I saw this game for aw very low price so i thought i should try it and it is so fun I recommend this game for people
76561198116316476,Recommended,264140,23299209,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Spurrius,I Lov this game I bought it when it first came out due to my love for teraria. and I will say I  was a little dissapoiunted in the amount of bugs and glitches. first off I set out to beat this game but the first file i did this on all of my pirates drowned themselves because the game bugged out and wouldnt let them walk back on the ship. Honestly if the bugs were gone I would not only recoment this game but pay a little extra for it. I have more than enjoied my time with it and the developers are trying to fix all of the issues including the lack of vertical camera. 8.7/10.0
,Recommended,264140,10718834,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bicky,DEFINITELY worth it's cost. Incredibly addictive even though its a little buggy. It's one of the few early access games that doesn't take your money and leaves you contentless! Devs are updating this game constantly.
,Recommended,264140,10780755,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SchmiSchmi,"I can't tell you how much I already love this game, the best part is making a unique ship all of your own and adding fun crew members all with different personalities, my favorite is I have a very large man being my cook, after all he does love food haha.So if you are looking for a great game to play and spend lots of hours on this would be one for you."
76561198025863296,Recommended,264140,11675903,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Gotlin,"I have about 20 hours logged into this game so far and I've really enjoyed what I've seen.  It does have a few things outstanding that could use some polish,  but there is so much potential here that I am excited to keep playing and watch what the developers turn out each patch, who are still very much hard at work.When you start the game there will be a slight learning curve as you figure out how to manage your crew's morale (hint: restore it for free by sending them to taverns) and your ship's food supply (hint: train a fisherman with high luck) then you can really start exploring and having fun with the game.If you run into a bug, just search the community forums for a workaround; so far I haven't encountered any that were game breaking."
76561197970437350,Recommended,264140,11497309,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,krypt2nite,One of the first games to come out of early access and it's a pretty fun one. These guys really know what they're doing and when it comes to Indie they get it.
,Recommended,264140,13194057,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,silverwolv,"Amazingly fun to play. Especially love the aspect of being able to build your own ship and assign your crew members tasks to do and raiding pirate ships and treasure islands.However, it would be even more fun if multiplayer PVP or Co-Op was introduced.Recommended, if you dont mind playing alone ;)"
76561198047158595,Recommended,264140,22735040,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Son of Kyuss,"A simple on the outside pirate game.  You manage a crew of pirates while you sail across the seas doing ship to ship warfare and exploring islands.  The challenge lies in balancing your gold to recruit, outfit, and train yourself and your crew and to upgrade your ship.  The game is over when you die and your crew have permadeath so prepare to save before every encounter and you will do a lot of reloading.   This will keep you entertained for a decent while but I feel it doesnt warrent replay. Good game if you can get it on sale or love the genre.  The piratey says are cute at first but wear on you quick."
76561198014913462,Not Recommended,264140,12182284,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Illimitus,"Unnecessarily obtuse. Perhaps the developers thought that was part of the ""charm"".When I was a young lad 20 or so years ago, my grandfather took me to the city library where I saw a teenager playing Sid Meier's pirates by rotating old floppies in and out of a commodore or amiga.Three decades later, it is still a better game than this one."
76561198177534075,Recommended,264140,29409895,Posted: 21 January,all,ATTACKBYME (6 Doller Foot Long),"Great Game, have some bugs tho."
,Not Recommended,264140,10327927,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Alfie The Jelly,"The trailer for this game was very misleading.  I thought I was entering a world of pixely, piratey fun when actually I entered a boring RPG about some terrible pirate named Jack.  Also, I thought I had the freedom to create my own pirate and armada but I soon realised otherwise.  I do not recommend paying £10 for this game."
76561198002866112,Not Recommended,264140,10208679,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Lord Hardon Collider,Early access title that never materialised into a finished product.
,Not Recommended,264140,9461949,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Corrosion,one word.... bad.enough said2/10
,Recommended,264140,12102069,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Derrick,This is by far one of the best 2d piate games of all time!
76561198182517714,Recommended,264140,23495141,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Short11,BEST PIRATE GAME EVER! all who don't dont agree can suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,264140,15661290,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,dankbongripper,"Pixel Piracy is a fun little game, I personally wouldn't recommend anyone buy this game until it's on sale or if you have a coupon for it. Coupons for Pixel Piracy  are quite common to find, I had about 9 of them, spent 1 on the game and game the rest away.I love almost EVERYTHING about the game, except, Frame-Rate issues. I have a PC that can run games that requires more ""Memory"" then this. I only hate the FPS I get while playing. Devs, could you fix this plez?8/10"
76561198075650842,Recommended,264140,17655493,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,alex,"when i went on a 6 hour road trip i played this the whole time, i had a freaking blast, this game is a fun time, beautiful art, crazy cool devs, and amazing soundtrack, if you want a good pirate game, this is it."
,Recommended,264140,29455288,Posted: 23 January,all,Donzuuu,awsome game but you need add more things.for example;1-)multiplayer2-)more Island types3-)more character(pirate) ability's4-)the buildings.for example;1-)tample2-)pyramid3-)castle
76561198156369383,Recommended,264140,15566214,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Four-Leaf,"Before this AMAZING new update Pixel Piracy was a filler, if I couldn't find a game I would play it until I found another game. The only reason I had bought it was it was 75% off. ( I got it WAY before this update, in December 2014) Now the game is awesome and i actually play it for fun, not as a filler. It is simply breathtaking the amount of stuff the Devs fixed, and I LOVE this game... BUY IT RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Please."
76561198045129063,Recommended,264140,15574440,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Liam,I love this game when i first saw a youtuber played it and knew it have to had it. 1 year down the road no regrets because of constant bug fix and updates. New things coming out and a really good resposive dev team. i would recommand this game to anyone!
76561198045675514,Recommended,264140,20912310,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Spack Jarrow,What did the pirate say when he turned 80?Eye-matey!
76561198019597917,Not Recommended,264140,15590933,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,John Don McGee,"Game is playable but not ready in my point of view, I would still deem it early access. I was expecting the game to be fully featured but falls short, very short. Also various bugs and annoyances occur. I will wait for more updates until I get into this game more seriously or wait for a sequel if there is one. The idea is there but it does not have enough meat in the game to satisfy my need as a full fledged game."
,Recommended,264140,15423147,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,wackinston,WHY ARE YOU SITING HERE WASTING 30 SECONDES YOU COULD BE PLAYING THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,264140,20173877,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sandwicher,"this game is what is wrong with the world, i'd rather play Dota than this"
76561198049889907,Not Recommended,264140,14251281,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,menyyearsago,One might say this game uses blooming very well.IF THEY SUCK0/10 Get this vasaline off of my screen.
76561198042913113,Recommended,264140,23424983,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,caidicus,"Warning, this is not a game about stealing pixels."
,Recommended,264140,19974771,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dwogger,Covered my ship in poop!5/7Would cover it again.
,Not Recommended,264140,13647520,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TheSupreme,"Very boring, I bought it for $2.50 on the holiday sale. Having coupons for it from Terraria (Great game) I though i would give it a try. I wasn't allowed to use my coupons,and I get a game that is not finished, is repetitive, and does not explain how to play at all. Overall, I can play a free game online that is like this but better. This feels as if I was scammed out of a game that had potential. Im deleting this from my Library, no doubt in my mind"
76561198116601869,Not Recommended,264140,23944648,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,God,dont get this ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561198104764680,Recommended,264140,23316105,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Someone Special | Cuck Lord,is k
,Recommended,264140,24414789,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,DriveEsports Dr. Fluffz,Has the dankest memes in the county.
76561198079726334,Recommended,264140,15453435,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,[SSP] Tris70,Yarr
,Recommended,264140,14106438,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Joey The Saint,"This is a fun little game that I think is well worth the money I paid for it.  The devs are responsive and the community is active.  Lots to recommend it.  I don't see myself going back to playing it again any time soon, however.  I like the current crop of rogue-likes quite a lot, permadeath and ridiculous difficulties are great with me.  My problem, though, is that I've run into three game-breaking bugs in the dozen or so hours that I've played it and at least one of them went away when I provided my save file to the devs.  They loaded it up, couldn't see the bug, gave me back the save and when I loaded up the one they gave me back I didn't see the bug either.These are the three I've hit:- my captain got 'stuck' trying to climb back aboard my ship when leaving an island.  I couldn't make him move back or foward, so I quit.  When I restarted the game I would get one second of activity before ""Game Over"" because my captain had fallen in the water and drowned.- my captain got 'stuck' on the far side of an island and couldn't move back through the various shops to the ship.  Even after reloading the game.- during a combat three of my crew fell off the island into the water and drowned.  As the game clearly states it does not save during combat, I reloaded the last save.  Which seemed to have happened immediately after the three crew members had drowned, a second before.The game is fun.  Make no mistake.  And usually your game will end the way any rogue-like ends, you'll die because some fight went against you because you under-estimated your opponent.  Occasionally, though, be prepared for the game itself to just smash your tower and make you start building over again."
76561198042188192,Not Recommended,264140,21286860,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,amsluis,"UI is a mess, basically unfinished."
76561198095641862,Recommended,264140,15527559,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Endimi,For some reason i cannot see any AI or buildings OR Even my captain please help im confused
,Not Recommended,264140,16407449,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,youngwaters+*,This Game is Very Complicatedit confuses new players and also the quality
,Recommended,264140,8260218,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,lightningefx,I have never enjoyed a game so thoroughly. There is so much to do in this game and it will fulfill many of your ambitions of piracy. The development is good and the content and Developer patches and input are quite frequent. One of the best purchases you will make. Supporting Indie games such as this increases the quality of games that we will see in the future. If you buy this you will not regret it.
,Recommended,264140,9694221,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Plastic Cup,Fantastic. 10/10.
,Recommended,264140,9462449,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,KAOTiiX,Terraria meets Starbound meets PIRATES whats not to like :P
76561198062282219,Recommended,264140,9556096,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,The Dread Pirate Bobby,got two 25% off coupons THREE WEEKS AFTER I BOUGHT IT.2/10 coupon system7/10 unfinished game
,Recommended,264140,9839675,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Fishy,It's like Terraria.
,Recommended,264140,16323275,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,็็็็✪ migos,7/10
,Recommended,264140,9908922,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Eli (praise) *Never Mind,It's a good game but it lost me a little. Needs a bit more things to do. But yeah it's awesome.
76561198041966853,Recommended,264140,10135535,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Dyrone Esquire,Literally the best game i've played :D
,Recommended,264140,10790627,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Shinoa,A chicken ate me10/10
,Recommended,264140,11781895,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,JedOG,great fun hard to play
76561198025612071,Recommended,264140,8251496,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Lackluster00,This game is very fun!
76561198060695718,Recommended,264140,8640470,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Gummy Frupples,best pirate game i ever played this is my most favorite game on steam low system requirements to great to have and it dosent lag just a little for me but does not effect gameplay at all feels clear to me so me donkay would like to say 10 out 0f 10 its the best game ever if you like games about a pirate adventure this is the game for you still needs some improvements but for now i would buy and get to experience it as it evolves buy now
,Recommended,264140,9444552,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,aubrey graham,i mean its good but your boat gets pooped on a lot of times. 16/10 would recommend
,Recommended,264140,9567751,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Kev,so hot#best
,Recommended,264140,9704584,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,NOKUDACHI,"I really love it!! :D, but their some of the text error that need to be fix.1.  female pirates was described as HE rather than SHE.2. minor text error on their previous occupations3.  glitch was spotted (seeing floting chest when capturing ships )not a bad game and very addictive to play,so worth it. :D"
76561198081360695,Recommended,264140,10842865,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,tf2waffle_123,this game is terrble it takes forever to even get the ship move let alone fighting with it
76561198041413613,Recommended,264140,11413666,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,the wilsonator 5000,i love this game it is a buy for sure the only thing that makes it a must have is multyplayer if it had that it would be the best game in my libary
76561198036759871,Recommended,264140,9035356,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Dordak_the_Lost,"Cool little game. Build a ship, recruit pirates, and pillage."
76561198071113983,Recommended,264140,9558801,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,whotthe,"I bought this game today, and it doesnt work. I load it up and then it freezes and crashes and comes up with a message. Please help me!! i really want to play this game!"
,Recommended,264140,10548397,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Steveosaurus,good
76561198058362855,Recommended,264140,11582688,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Erucaren csgoroll.com,This is game is so funny but a weard thing is watermelon chiken. yull see if u play the game is superfun.
,Recommended,264140,11565437,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Angelodeath,Not bad.. Bought it on sale and i think its well worth the 8$ that i paid for it..!
76561198039682852,Recommended,264140,11977281,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Lord Kharsis,This game is very original and pretty funny! What seems to be a cute little game is in fact a complex and addictive one. The developers are doing a great job and listen to the community. Only good stuff!
,Recommended,264140,10874001,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Someone,Knocked a pirate off their ship by slinging poops into them.10/10
,Recommended,264140,11746622,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,TheDogs55,great game
,Recommended,264140,11923455,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Dirty Medieval Butthole,You can fling poop around and damage shipmates20/10
76561198132618240,Recommended,264140,11443604,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Cupcakes? Oh YEAHHH,great game found out about it from etho
,Recommended,264140,24131827,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,zerf,Like Mount & Blade Warband but with pirates!
,Not Recommended,264140,10591442,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,respectful,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,264140,13546083,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SanityFlex,"Great game, also one of the few early release games with developers who really care about the customer, and do alot to not capitalize on their popularity. Rare these days."
,Recommended,264140,13517447,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Morphzilla,"(+) Vast open-world - the islands are a little repetitive but still fun(+) Wide variety of enemies and animals(+) Great progression - skills, traits, lots of customization options(+) Light-hearted, amusing graphics and animations(+) Poop! :)(-) User interface is not ideal, could be improved(-) Sound is good ...unless you choose a captain that says ""Land Ho!"" every two seconds."
76561198065759075,Recommended,264140,13654363,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Professor Grizzlot,Do what you want cause A pirate is free! YOU ARE A PIRATE! Ya Har fiddely dee! Being a pirate is alright with me! Do what you ant cause a pirate is free! YOU ARE A PIRATE!!!~Proffesor Grizzlot <3
,Not Recommended,264140,30274005,Posted: 1 March,all,Booga,i thumbs down should be enough steam
,Not Recommended,264140,12226799,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,"Burt Macklin, FBI","seemed really cool at first, but just got kind of boring for me after some time"
76561198084210465,Not Recommended,264140,21613312,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,jamesreynolds1981,pass this one over guys it is way to glitchy and can crash even the top of the line PC's
,Recommended,264140,13679550,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,RedSnow,LEL
,Not Recommended,264140,21698802,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Marlyonama,"The sounds are annoying to the core, terrible voice acting. Plus I can barely see whats going on."
,Not Recommended,264140,16347432,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Crying,no
,Not Recommended,264140,30536487,Posted: 15 March,all,TheArroz,Terrible game....
,Recommended,264140,31513018,Posted: 2 May,all,Brazy,Its a great game and all just1. its been abandoned by its developers2. Tries to drive customers off with bearly any tutorialsHonestly if there was an option too i would post this asan mixed review
76561198153134439,Not Recommended,264140,22326362,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Robo Platypus,This game is not at all friendly to beginners. It has bad graphics and leaves you by yourself with a horrible tutorial that doesn't help. I really hope Pixel Privateers is better.
76561198176370191,Recommended,264140,19257088,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,[INF]-LargeRag,the blood is cute
,Not Recommended,264140,13312481,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,ruerue244,"Honestly, pretty difficult to play. And almost impossible to make progress in the begginning. But if you really want to try, here's a tip: Avoid all combat possible. If you fight anything at all you will die in seconds."
76561198092972888,Recommended,264140,9445312,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,(AJSA) GreyKnight,"It's a very fun, very addicting, very unforgiving game. You'll find yourself spending hours on this game building a ship for your crew, and tending to your crews needs like food and R&R. There's alot to explore in this 2d world, from exploring Islands to capturing enemy ships. There are things that can be added to make this game better but for the time being it is a game worth its regular price."
,Not Recommended,264140,22513200,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Rusty Eyeballs,"I really wanted to love the game but, the more I played it, the worse it got.The PROs.It looks nice at the start.The pirates are a ball of fun.Ship building is cool.The CONsIt's unplayable.IT'S BROKEN. Literally, the game is impossible to finish. Performance degrades SIGNIFICANTLY as your ship/crew gets big. I get 120 fps early game and 13 late game.The UI is garbage. It's ugly and difficult to use. example: You get tons of crap items to sell but, resets the UI scroll everytime you sell 1.Functionality keeps getting PATCHED OUT. This makes 1/2 of the Tutorial and wiki incorrect.Really poor itemization and balancing."
,Recommended,264140,8795334,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Edgemaster 5000,"Has a bit of a ways to go, a few bugs that can make the game a chore to play BUT enjoyable none the less. Would reccomend, but perhaps pick it up in it's later stages of development if you're not willing to tolerate the current and near future builds."
,Not Recommended,264140,14629141,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Phantom of the AWPera,"Boring, everything is so far away from each other which makes it harder than it needed to be. That also affects how quickly you can get your first ship into water, which is important.If you do get a ship in the water there is boring need to grind that makes this game not so fun.TL;DR Game is boring."
,Recommended,264140,11010244,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Slyc0re,"Good game, nuf said."
,Recommended,264140,8800364,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,el choscono,"Love this game, no matter how frustrating it can be. It's funny, actually, because you can only blame yourself.♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the ship? Your fault. Crew members drowned? All you. But it's a really good time. I can sit back and casually lead a crew, and it's a really great time. Also, it's got a slight learning curve but it just takes time to learn. Also, bugs.9/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,23330817,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Sehkh,"I really enjoy the game, but after a little time I realize the game have a serious problem of commanding your pirates, like on a fight you can do nothing if someone is dieing, they will keep fighting untill death. Another thing what is annoying is the knockback of some weapons, and the water, who you cant swim if you dont have the perk of swiming."
,Not Recommended,264140,23360112,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Aries 💤,"Would NOT recommend this game, very very VERY glitchy and so as much fun as u might think, don't waste $10.99 for this garbage, i have really little hours on this game because I refunded it like 5 minutes into the tutorial"
76561198130267823,Not Recommended,264140,13246255,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,cala4,this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥and i dont know why anyone would get it
76561198134090398,Recommended,264140,15288201,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Anthony,"can i get a reffund i expected something way different then this, your trailer looks so much easier and easy to understand than your actual game... Cool game but its just not what i expected."
,Recommended,264140,13576311,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,will smith is eating my soybeans,"A Great Game.Pros:Terrific Pixelated GraphicsAmazing LightingToughCan Make Your Own SailGreat Damage StyleMoralHungerLegendary ShipsBars/TavernsWeapon StyleOpen WorldTribesCan Make Your Own WorldSwivels/CannonsThe Name Of The GameThe Poop On The Deck/PoopdeckCan Capture ShipsThe Gold You Gain From PlunderingCrates/Barrels/Urns Can Dodge Your AttacksParryingThe Starting ChoicesWhen You First Spawn Your Near A BarTeach Your People How To Cook, Swim, etc.The Leveling Up StyleOverall Game PlayYou Need Ladders To Climb Above One BlockYou Gain Wood When You PlunderThe TribesIf You Attack A Person In A Town They All Fight YouCons:I Really Don't Know YetAwesome 99/100"
76561198147414734,Recommended,264140,13576008,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,CanadaBall,"Great game overrall, lags alot when there is alot of action on screen, and should enable more cannon usage. however the gameplay is rather interesting, raiding ships and islands filled with killer pandas. the game could use more scenarios, but as i am aware, the game is still developing and i look forward to further updates on the game.Tl;dr killed by turtles, 4/5"
76561198057517149,Recommended,264140,13578457,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,LETS GO TIGERS,"To Me this is a very well done game yes there is some errors that i will go into detail here shortly, but this is a very good indie game. Also the devlopers who made this game there company got bigger and had many problems with doing that i know this because i work for a indie company, it's called growing pains you got to trust that the devlopers will come back to there baby which they did. Now there are grammar and spelling which i'am making a list of and will sell to devlopers later on prolly after new years so they can fix these."
,Recommended,264140,13577294,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,j i n . 3 2 2 $,"Before this game, I didn't knew poop can fly that high.But dead men tells no tales."
,Recommended,264140,13602651,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,crypto,"This game is silly fun.  Sort of like Lego Pirates with just a silly silly and wonderful twist.Keeping your crew fed, happy and alive, while building a ship and killing other ships for loot is work.  It's fun work... but it is work."
76561198127442066,Recommended,264140,13665423,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,IGottaPee24865,"This game has an unfathomable amount of potentail, but alas it is a polished turd decent soundtrack no story and worst of all glitchesnot only glitches but glitches that termante all you have worked for glitches that kill your captain or your crew(either or never both)when you log in i would play this game untill the nights end if this wasnta thing but this isnt a perfect world..."
,Recommended,264140,13575908,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dan Gyro,"Fun game. If you are planning to purchase, hit me up, I already have it, but I have 2 seperate cupons for 25% off, so we can make a trade or something. Whenever I'm online, send me a message."
,Recommended,264140,13605258,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DesentisDude,"Its is great, I played it for 4 hours and I didnt encounter the ""Game Breaking"" Bugs everyone talks about. But I do think it could be improved by updates."
76561198009684539,Recommended,264140,13721308,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sdrater,hell of a time sinkif on sale for 2 bucks buy several and give them outfun stuffs
76561198055487925,Recommended,264140,13672519,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,BanzaiBonsai,"I recommend this game, but there's a big asterisk after ""recommend."" You see, Pixel Piracy is fun - there's something neat about going around in a boat slaughtering everything that looks at you funny and then stealing all of their stuff. The leveling system is neat, and you can see your pirates slowly grow more powerful and your ship grow larger as the game progresses.However.Pixel Piracy is also absolutely infuriating for all the wrong reasons. Things just don't work - the AI is something out of a horror film, for example. I can think of at least six instances when I had to load a save because when I tried to board a ship six of my ten men fell into the ocean and drowned. Your pirates will just drown. It'll happen. A lot. Teach them all to swim and you can at least try to mitigate some of the damage, but you're still looking at a lot of trouble with that.Pirates walk into spiky bushes instead of cutting them down and take exorbant amounts of damage (and then die), they fail to do jobs that you NEED them to do to keep your ship working in order, there's a perk that a pirate can have that will make men on your ship randomly decide to kill eachother (the ""Bully"" perk, and the description sure as hell doesn't tell you what it does)... I could go on.Ultimately, if you decide to pick this up, keep in mind that it needs a layer of polish to not be infuriating. I actually like it quite a bit, despite my wave of abhorrant speech. Buy it if you don't mind going a little mad."
,Recommended,264140,14191201,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Duraldo,"This game is is a fecal resource management sim. Your pirates did not have mothers and just poop everywhere. The other half is some basic combat and poke-mon-esque capturing of animals to have them fight for you. The game is always being updated, which is good, and for the price I paid, I think it is worth a buy. Evevn at full retail."
,Recommended,264140,9507700,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Xian,You're a f%&$ing pirate.You build your own pirate ship.You hire other pirates to help you pillage and plunderYou clean poop off your boatYou give them jobs.Did I mention you're a f%&$ing pirate?
76561197999992600,Recommended,264140,9507760,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,BoxTarm,"Great game, very addictive... but at it's current state (17/03/14) it's very 'beta'..... If the dev puts much more love into it i'd be happily buying this for my friends..... as of yet i've had about 5 forces resets due to bugs."
,Recommended,264140,9503910,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Force,"11/10 Would recommend, best game evar"
76561198093006627,Not Recommended,264140,30525764,Posted: 15 March,all,Zeldronix,"Pretty bad, :P"
,Recommended,264140,16365348,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Space Shark,"Tutorial is a little confusing, now my♥♥♥♥♥♥is stuck in a blender.But, so far, it's an okay game."
,Recommended,264140,8476457,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Duckson,"even if this is a Pixel 2d game and so it cant be a sim or what ever, i must say that this is the first game ever i have played where one can lose becues of to much poop and that is just one of the cool stuff going on in this game, if you like Piracy stuff you shall buy this right now if you do not like the 2d art work then you still wanna buy it, it is a good game can be hard at time thx for the sort of perma death system :-)"
,Recommended,264140,10988162,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Simply Chris,I have played this game off and on for the past 3 months. At first I did not get it and had some minor learning curves as too why my pirates could not swim. lol But I can honestly say this is a fun game and if your not careful youll lose many of hours of sleep to the sea my friends. Enjoy and take in the breath of fresh air.
76561198065219263,Recommended,264140,11647424,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,AoD Big Luke,Sweet game. Simple enough to play while kicking back on your couch.So much fun.Side scolling action that makes we wanna play nothing else.Highly recomended.Arrrgggh!
,Recommended,264140,11795130,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Rickeno Silenus,"I found this game very enjoyable,lot's of replayability, not many bugs(the ones that are there are quickly ironed out by the dev's)the free flow ship building is fun.lots to do and there is so much more in store for the game, the dev's are consistently hard at work and the game is really promising and fun."
,Recommended,264140,11989060,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Jian Yang,"Awesome game, I rate it 10/10."
76561198045118779,Recommended,264140,11774095,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,icecreambar,"honestly i dont know where to start with this game, for the first few hours you will probably have the most fun, running around, killing things, capturing animals and plundering ships, and all your crew will do their jobs and you wont pay an arm and a leg, then you get far(like i have) and have a crew of 5, and im only level 75, but after one fight(about 5 minutes of gameplay) i owe like 300 gold for just their salaries... how the hell am i gunna make money that way? then they stopped doing their skills!!! what the hell am i paying the crew for? they dont cook, no one cleans(even though we all have that skill) and we are starving to death but they refuse to cook! the ship is damaged and none of the crew i have stated for repairs will even lift a finger to fix it! then between the random suicides of falling off the ship, to overpowered enemies with high knockback, its a wonder how this game got so faras it is! i see very high hopes, but a lot of much much MUCH needed work. many issues with fps staying up, for some reason it slows down and starts to lag at random intervals to the point where the game is almost unplayable, and it hasnt happened to just me either! please start making huge updates, and the content is ok, but half the people dont know how to obtain the items, hell, i dont even know how to obtain all the items, some say they come from chests, which chests? ship chests or island ones? and i killed a legendary boss but got no special drops. also ranging in this gamme is a very hard build... why do i always have to have a mele weapon, but cant choose just a ranged one? i wanted to use only pistols, but thats impossible. and they are so slow, but they can be very powerful. i like the pet system, i used monkeys and spiders, both of which gain hp for each level, turtles dont gain hit points, and parrots... the only way for me to obtain a parrot is if i catch it, and choose to keep the ship it was on, it never mounts me(or anyone in the crew) to leave the ship! so i usually kill them. my men also have issues climbing over blocks, and sometimes dont listen when i click and tell them to go anywhere. i also dont know how factions work... i go online and see people can have an encounter that isnt hostile... but im level 75 and done plenty of missions, and killed a legendary and still dont get anything other than hostile ship interceptions. this game is fun though when it doesnt bug, i hope they make it possible to duel weild(double mele or double ranged) or allow me to be fully ranged to stay at a distance. and i hope to see them fix the morale issues like, at once. and obviously the issues of crew doing nothing at all, really annoys me. this game has a ton of potential, but they need to fix the issues before they start putting in customizeations. but id love to see more customizations when the bugs are fixed, colors to ships, textures, maybe even different wood,  hopefully you will allow us to pic the size of our sails? that would be awesome. but please fix the bugs, makes me kinda regret buying the game now instead of waiting=\"
,Recommended,264140,10704265,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mertini,Cleansed an island of vicious pirates and hobos only to be killed by an oyster that hurled me in to the sea. Loving it anyway!
,Recommended,264140,10798028,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Reiben,A Really Fun Indy Game For You To Play :DAn Open World 2d Adventure Game I Like It :D
76561198078667677,Recommended,264140,11558120,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Evokes,My pirates poop all over my deck and then die... I highly recommend this game cause its awesome! 10/10 would let pirates poop all over the place
76561198132480699,Recommended,264140,11718162,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,sirjoethecool,ProsIn depth ship building and customizationInsanely good musicWell oiled crew managementOpen world...ishFunny dialogueConsThe fekkin' chicken won't get off my head!
,Recommended,264140,9508305,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,JimmyTheDeath,Fantastically Addictive game
76561198113264036,Recommended,264140,9538535,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,IrrelevantScrub,"A wonderful pixaly sidescroller/clicker em up game. The games seems to hold its own pretty well for early access (still a few bugs, none of which i found to be game breaking)."
76561198214846008,Not Recommended,264140,29891602,Posted: 12 February,all,PancakeEmperor,"Addicting gameplay and decent replayibility but all in all poor direction, repetitive, boring, and managing larger crews is like hell."
76561198330914695,Not Recommended,264140,30018862,Posted: 18 February,all,littlestacker2004,I do not like this game for one reason the price i think this game should be free or cheaper
,Not Recommended,264140,29952878,Posted: 15 February,all,Chloe elizabeth price,Is really boring and repetitive i don`t know how does people like this i mean i bough this a lot of time and hasn`t change anything
,Not Recommended,264140,10681729,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,duncs,Definitely not ready to enjoy yet. Wait another year or so before you consider playing this game. I just rage quit when two of my crew fell of an enemy ship AFTER the fight had ended.
76561198056515937,Not Recommended,264140,10783576,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ginno the Unending,"It's an indie all right.The art style is definetly pixels as the name says.After buying I realized that this game is good, but not for me.It runs fine and all, just the game itself isnt what I was expecting."
,Recommended,264140,9812885,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,centor111,If you leave 1 man behind on a ship he will cannon his teammates to bits. Treason at its finest. 11/10
76561198033527776,Recommended,264140,9797427,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,black widow,i hate it i cant even open it its all a black screen
76561198076713682,Recommended,264140,9820515,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Mekelemembe,"Pixel Piracy is an amazing game that even the description says it contains 10 hours of content there is a lot more. As the game is still in Alpha it provides a lot of funny moments that you and your crewmates will never forget, also game is not easy and you will find yourself plucking a bit of hair from here and there from time to time.Personally I recommend this game as even though everything has not been added to the game, there is vast amount of things to do.10/10 Would walk the plank!"
,Recommended,264140,23824473,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sexy™,"This is a very fun game, once you get over the bugs and finicky gui. would recomend giving it a second go if you gave up the first time and remember reload is your best friend."
76561198094566493,Recommended,264140,25660042,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,danny608564,I reccomend this game as it is beast. I beat this game already by killing the master priates (around a year ago) and I was reading the update notes and i think this game has improved a crap ton senice i last played it and i think im going to beat the game again.
,Recommended,264140,20991430,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,AUUUUU!,This game is awesome but I wish in hte future to add a multiplayer.
76561198043295880,Not Recommended,264140,16269417,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,EhDubb,"I'm really disappointed.I got this solely because it's from the makers of Terraria (which was brilliant) and I had a coupon for it. I expected it to be much like Terraria in terms of play style and creativity, but it just isn't! It's so much slower, you have no control, and I was just bored.Had fun for a bit, but ultimately, I uninstalled it and will probably never play again."
76561198116624962,Recommended,264140,25597545,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Zeta,Great game to relax and play. Everything in this game is great! I have never come across any glitches or anything of that sort. overall great game!
,Recommended,264140,19916971,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,"smurf, destroyer of smurfs",10/10 would sink again
76561198202177376,Recommended,264140,14844401,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,FabulousMantis® 蟷螂カ,its really good
76561197979206366,Not Recommended,264140,11324532,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Adamanix,"I know its pixel art... But I guess I didn't realize it was that bad.  It's really the only thing that makes me say ""No"" to it.  I have quite a few pixel art looking games, and they're just better looking.  Other than the graphics, it's ok. The talking from the other mates gets a bit annoying, but the idea of the game is pretty cool. If you like very blocky pixel art, go for it, if not, move on."
,Recommended,264140,9465278,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,-M-Ronicx,"Interesting game, you will need something more than basic tutorial, but in general it is a mix of strategy, rpg and something new. Worse its $10."
,Recommended,264140,13843643,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sharkin',"In short, Pixel Piracy is fun but very time consuming. sailing (esecially over long distances) can seem like ages passing, i often found myself on my phone trying to kill time while waiting to reach my destination. other then that minor gripe and some glitches/AI weirdness the game is enjoyable and a good time killer."
76561198116821132,Not Recommended,264140,20949612,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Spooky,wish i could refund
,Not Recommended,264140,20189660,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,fatputtycat,"Plays like an Early Access game. Except the devs won't be finishing it. They're making a new game, called Pixel Privateers though! It looks like this game, but you know, not ♥♥♥♥♥♥?I'd strongly reccomened checking out Pixel Privateers at it's release and would also strongly reccomened avoiding this horrible game at all costs."
61465649948523464,Not Recommended,264140,14565495,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Halfbreed Pricilla,"dont get this game, it would be a lot better if your men would ♥♥♥♥ing listen too you! But instead they just sit araound and do absuloutly nothing."
76561198092278139,Recommended,264140,17226611,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,TXShooter,Very Fun Action  Game
76561198000747817,Recommended,264140,28439800,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mr. G,A very fun little roguelike with just the right amout of silly.7/10 would Arrr again.
,Recommended,264140,14050114,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,FMYSIHY,guuud game
,Not Recommended,264140,12185043,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,BabyRabbi,"Full of annoying bugs and glitches, constantly does what you dont want, incredibly hard and makes no sense sometimes. They really didnt know what they were doing with this one. This game has so much potential but they just made a glitchy game and wasted time. Oh yeah, and then when 250000 people bought the game, they lowered the price to make everyone feel bad about not waiting and they could have gotten it for way cheaper. So yeah, basically, 3/10, game is broken."
76561198155560431,Recommended,264140,15782726,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Granite,"So when I first started out playing I had no idea what was happening and my whole crew had died in a matter of minutes. All I had left was my captain and this super frickin' tiny boat that I could do nothing in. i rage-quited, but then 2 days later ,after I had looked at some strategy guides, I came back to it and started a new world. It. Was. Awesome. Everything is so inventive and the stratgey and having to figure all these awesome new things out and trying not to bite off more than you can chew but also trying to fight pirates and island that are just above your level limit. that may have made no sense to you so let me put this simply. BUY IT!!!!!"
,Recommended,264140,9565474,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,KantaiTwi~~ -chan,This game is probably the best game I have played in an extreamly long time! I cant wait until its complete. :3
,Recommended,264140,18707202,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,stabbyjones,i didn't think i'd like this and just bought it for the hell of it.... why do i like this so much? why is this so awesome? why?
76561198170332779,Recommended,264140,18796935,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,silentsilencer2,This game is great but it kicked me from the game and said its missing an external recourece file and said send it to the developer but id ont know how to if somone could help me that would be great:]
,Not Recommended,264140,19315051,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Wolfus_Nightmare,"i tried to play it. I started the game thinking it was good, but when i start the tutorial it just goes to the edge of the screen and won't let me move the camera."
,Not Recommended,264140,19347689,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,i awr alchemist,im giving this game a thumbs down because you removed the cheats i use to play this game once a day but now that you removed the cheats i cant stand to play the game it sucked the fun out of the game now i play once a month and i just hope that they put cheats back in then mayby i will give this a thumbs up
,Recommended,264140,9949933,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Ceanox,10/10 Best game ever so fun and addictive GOTY worthy
,Recommended,264140,16264652,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Sherokain,"Great game but one thing it really needs is a sell all button. When it comes to equipment and items, I've got 7 pages of weapons saved up and selling them all takes so long!"
76561198011131828,Not Recommended,264140,16012278,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,[CGO] Ruppsrunt,They just abandoned it before it was finished.
,Not Recommended,264140,15923495,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,That Minigun is a Spy,This game is really bad :(
,Not Recommended,264140,15930339,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,DaReputableJesus,SHORT REVIEW INCOMING:I don't really like PiXEL PIRACY. To me it's way to bland and frustrating. You are always doing the same. I see why people would like this game but it's not my jam.
,Not Recommended,264140,15985028,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Hurr2'd'Durr,"The UI/UX is unintuitive and not explained well. Game is aww rite. Sounds are all right. Some bugs. Kind of meh, but fun for a little while"
76561198056936271,Not Recommended,264140,15515874,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Skywrecked,"I love pirate themed games more so than the average guy, I bought Pixel Piracy over 6 months ago and loved it initially.I knew of several bugs that made the game difficult, so I decided to wait until it was properly done.The game has now been properly released and I've played about 20 minutes before I encountered a few game breaking bugs.My captain would sail endlessly without getting to the desired location and continiously level up, the menu wouldnt pop up to escape and I had to terminate the program (attempts to play on the same save made the bug recur, which is a pain if you're far into the game).I didnt care at first and simply made a new save, but then I encountered a bug that was common when the game was still in early access, the pirates wouldnt use their skills and poop would cover the ship. This would lower moral and eventually lead the crew to mutiny (unless you changed ships constantly and paid your crew). There are a few more bugs i wont mention, but they still caused quite a bit of frustration and heartache when trying to fix or work around them.I loved this game, I really did. However after encountering so many bugs I have grown to hate it. I'd only reccomend this game if it was on sale and not at full price"
76561198033750693,Not Recommended,264140,16054251,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Craigycraigy,"Game looks nice, the concept is nice but I don't like how it is at all.The tutorial starts then feels like it ends randomly prematurely, doesn't teach you how to fight or what to do after moving to the first island.. just felt stranded and clueless.. Bumping into impossible enemies and having no idea what to do.I honestly think I wasted £8 buying this, I really wish I didn't."
76561198171173870,Recommended,264140,15307267,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,devonclayton11,My grandmother bought me this game then the card company deleted the transaction and now i cant play
76561197990548509,Not Recommended,264140,15427363,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Dassos,"For me and some other guys it is unplayable on linux, so don't waste your money on this game"
76561198027700056,Not Recommended,264140,15570229,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,cr201,Unplayable on Mac due to bad performance.
76561198032496823,Not Recommended,264140,15572131,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,majorripoff,"Fun concept, but the pathfinding and skill mechanics are still broken, even after ""enhanced edition"" update"
,Not Recommended,264140,13748182,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tux Worshipper,my PCs can't run it.
76561198040430487,Recommended,264140,15694488,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Mistur Keeny,A fun filled pirate rogue-like with lot's of poop-throwing. 7/10
76561198125774988,Not Recommended,264140,13916847,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,juiceslinger,"I got this game for $1. worst $1 i've ever spent. Hey i've even played aperture tag more than this. Please, don't buy this."
,Not Recommended,264140,13988511,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,psypersona,"TERRIBLE, FULL OF BUGS, NO REKNOWN SAVED OR STORED YOU LOOSE GAME PROGRESS, YOU HAVE TO BUILD YOUR GROUPS OVER AND OVER, THE SKILL MANAGEMENT HAS SEVERAL LVL PROGRESS ISSUES, IT CLEARLY SEEMS THAT THERE IS NO INTENTION OF FIXING THIS BUGS ANY TIME SOON... I URGE STEAM TO HAVE A REFUND POLICY OR ELSE WE WILL HAVE TO TAKE GREATER LEGAL MEASURES AGAINST STEAM AND THE DEVELOPERS WHO KEEPS FEEDING ILL-GAMING EXPERIENCES AND A SEVERE WASTE OF MY MONEY AND MY TIME...  AT THE VERY LEAST EVERY GAME SHOULD HAVE A DEMO AND UNRESTRICTED ACCESS TO DAILY OR AT LEAST WEEKLY UPDATES.PS. I PLAYED FOR ABOUT 10 STRAIGHT HOURS BEFORE I REALIZED I LOST MY PROGRESS AND FAME...I DEMAND SATISFACTION!"
,Not Recommended,264140,13991377,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Hippiepizzaman,read the reviews
,Not Recommended,264140,13934172,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Doc Hopper's Frog Legs,"I will rate this game based on the following things:Art/GraphicsMusic/SoundContentMechanicsUpdatesArt/Graphics - 4/10What you're looking at onscreen isn't always clear as the pixelated art is very blurry. The style of art doesn't fit the feel of the game as it feels very weird. You cannot zoom in either to see what's going on more clearly.Music/Sound - 3/10There isn't much many sound effects and if there are, they are drowned out by the music. The music is pirate themed, but there's only one track and it gets very annoying very quickly. The music is not very good, either, in my opinion.Content - 1/10There are only 3 types of places to go and that's it. It may be open world, but every place you go to is pretty much identical to some other place you've visited. A lot of the time you're playing the game, you're waiting for 2 minutes to go to the next location.Mechanics - 2/10The mechanics never change from the beginning of the game. Fighting other ships is boring and land combat is exactly the same. Nothing new happens as you progress except that you get more materials to build your ship and more crew members. But with those things, you're still doing everything you did when you started out, but on a larger scale.Updates - 2/10The Steam page says that there is constant updates, but the updates aren't constant and they mostly consist of a few bug fixes. However, there is a couple of tiny content additions every so often.Total - 24/100The developers have given up on this and it was released was to early. It is extremely unpolished."
76561198011097956,Recommended,264140,9327700,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Half Cock One Eye Peg Leg,"While the game seems unfinished and has quite a few bugs, the developer releases updates daily. It's a game that show's a lot of potential with the right polishing. I give it a 7/10"
76561198074220404,Recommended,264140,14033742,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,BanditBob,"ARRRGhh. Get ready to plunder some booties and stuff of your mouth full of dic.. oranges. Be conducting pirate-driveby from your customizable ship aka The♥♥♥♥♥♥Train made from swag and other baby ships. Train your crew of dimwit ♥♥♥♥sticks who can't even♥♥♥♥♥♥properly to the pirate equivalent of the Wu-Tang CLan. Burn your miserable life away and hold in your♥♥♥♥♥♥because there's are Five Ballin' Pirate Captains really to tuck it in and call you blunk-buddies. When all said and done, sit back and chil-lax, let the 8-bit music take you back to the good old days when google-glass didn't exist. And when you're done burning 'n♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can do other cool♥♥♥♥♥♥like recruiting the cast of TMNT and crabs. But  ♥♥♥♥ the crabs.8/10"
76561198070324657,Not Recommended,264140,13553535,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,sakcharat,"You will run out of stuff to do very quickly. Enemies don't respawn, leaving you in an empty ocean with nothing to do but stare at your crewmates pooping on your ship.  It is just lacking content, feels more like a free flash game then even an alpha build."
76561198051105431,Recommended,264140,13243266,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,CC | The Original Penguin,"This game is a cute, little game where you play as a pirate on a ship. Your aim is to work your way up the pirate hierarchy chain fighting other ships and islands filled with other tribes, pirates, etc..... It is great to see your pirate and crew evolve. Even when you think you are indestructable you can die in a flash. With a randomized world each time you dont know what to expect. I really like this game and I hope you wll consider buying it."
76561198119155513,Recommended,264140,14108503,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,vvackers,"Yo-Hoe!I have never been this soaked into a rogue-like with permadeath before...All I can say is, don't get TOO attatched to your crew, focus on your captain, and teach everyone else the ropes.Swimming is a must, and don't forget to swab the poop-deck !"
76561198049370437,Recommended,264140,14110439,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,dinnes,"ARRR Here be a fine swashbucklin adventure. Full of twists and turns and sailors who cannot swim, even when their very lives depend on it.This game was painful to begin with. I died a lot.I found that you have to grind your way through so many ship encounters to get the resources required to get anywhere.My first boss fight was brutal, I watched each one of my sailors get butchered and die a painful bloody death.To avoid being out gunned and out matched try the following;-Start the game with long nights option.-Give your sailors fast learner.-Don't worry about poop on the deck during the early game, you can always capture somone elses ship.-Never use standard cannons, only swivel cannons.-Catch spiders as pets, they rock.-Pandas look cool, but they are rubbish as pets.-Never place your ammo on deck, or within four squares of something the enemy ships can hit.-Sell everything.I Have managed to grind my way through to completion once or twice. You get a sense of accomplishment when you mow down the final ship."
,Recommended,264140,14149693,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Amalaíso,"You control little pirates and a captain. A GREAT Rogue like game, it is really hard at the beginning because of the controls and commands. But it gets really easy later (still challenging)."
,Recommended,264140,14207551,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Moon Butt,"10 out of 10. people randomly poop. im sold.in all realness, i am having a lot of fun with the game. even if i dont have much time in it. but i feel that is has the suddle. rpg charm to it. which makes the game a lot of fun, the game also has a nice balance of being both hard, and easy at times. you could be over whelmed 2v3, or the game will throw a 2v1 at you. the only thing that is stoping it from happening is the level limits. you will never find your self in a battle that is 100% garenteed lose. as for the bad things about the game, i dont like the way the game looks at times. things kind of seem to mush together at times. its not the falt of the game by any means. its just how it is, and how its going to be. its still a lot of fun, and i can see my self playing it for quite a while."
76561197982310558,Recommended,264140,14216252,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,rANDOM128,"As far as the previous posts about glitches and whatnot, if you read whats been posted recently a massive update is being released on 1/29.After playing the game for this long the only problem that drives me nuts is after I gathered a crew of >12 for some reason when I would send them to battle another ship 2 or 3 of my mateys would sit on top of the enemies ship to be hit then knocked into the depts of the ocean to be baried with davey jones locker.Yes the crew likes to poop but if you give every member the perk/stat/attribute of ""cleaning"" then that problem goes away. If you think your wasting a slot, think again, each crew member has a lot of available slots to give upgrades to.The game is fun and simple, build a crew, build a ship, travel around, micromanage your people, upgrade, then rinse and repeat. What others find annoying I find a fun challange. Its not game breaking you just have to be more open to unusual challanges. Its excellent to play between classes as there is nothing that keeps you from quiting that doesnt take a few minutes at max."
76561198051086146,Recommended,264140,14230841,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Timewhiz,"Thank you, Chucklefish! I know i had to wait long for a patch but in the end it was worth it! Keep Going!"
76561198079790386,Not Recommended,264140,13615474,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dasevskis,"Game is full of bugs, like elementaru attack and caiptain run in another side or jumps into water and later again on deck. Main story is emty and quest isn't interesting. It is pitty to me when i bought this game."
76561198089560157,Recommended,264140,19509107,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Eggplant Edwardson,LOVE THIS GAME you lose alot though
76561198041378714,Recommended,264140,9667100,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,williamsa1997,"great game once you have the hang of it,I do wish there were mods for it though"
,Not Recommended,264140,28958711,Posted: 2 January,all,gfalcao,Abandoned :/
,Not Recommended,264140,29019587,Posted: 4 January,all,Barbour,Not mind blowing but enjoyable at times. Not my style of game personally and no sense of adventure or real urgency to play.
,Not Recommended,264140,29023756,Posted: 4 January,all,jweickum,Too Many bugs!
,Not Recommended,264140,19586743,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,alonzo345,money dont grow on trees so don't waste it on stupid-unfinished gamesterraria was great what happend to you Re-Logic?
76561198069663154,Not Recommended,264140,21245222,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Gmastern,"I feel like I gave this game a good chance to wow me, as I played it for a little more than an hour. But in that hour I felt like I saw everything that Pixel Piracy had to offer. The clunky menu, unintuitive skill system, and lackluster tutorial all combined to form a game that I struggled to enjoy. If you absolutely have to see this game for yourself, I would recommend buying this on sale. I had my doubts about this game after seeing a youtuber play it, but I wanted to give it a fair chance. I suggest that if you have any doubts or misgivings about this game, then trust your hunch and give this one a pass."
,Not Recommended,264140,19725397,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Arcadian Del Sol,"Opinion:  This unfinished premise of a game is the gold standard for Early Access Cash Grabbing. The game is buggy, unstable, and is more of a tech demo than a game. The developer took the money earned on this title in Early Access and abandoned it.Do not buy this game, or any other game that this developer puts into EA. Wait until any/all of his future titles are actually released, and then based your decision on that."
,Not Recommended,264140,28999527,Posted: 3 January,all,applessmillion,"Not much to the gameplay, and extremely repetitive."
,Not Recommended,264140,13813031,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SupremeC-1of2-,"Pixel Piracy seems to play out like a bad mix-up of Terraria (with just about none of the good features of this game) and Sid Meier's Pirates! (with just about none of the good features of this game), with all the freedom to... fight a pirate on a ship. Fight more pirates on more ships. Fight animals on land. Fight tribal men on land. Have your crew kill each other over time despite high morale. Enjoy poop jokes (poop deck. Get it?). Be annoyed by the interface and the lack of meaningful controls.All in all, this game plays like an early Alpha. Of a free game. Not something you'd have to pay for. 1/10"
,Recommended,264140,17210507,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,James,A reluctant recomendation. Played the game over a year ago when it was much less balanced and had a lot of fun. now the game is more balanced and my previous strat doesnt work at all. I probably wont play again till it's much more functioning.conclusion: a decent fun and cute game but nothing too ground breaking
,Recommended,264140,17227798,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,TheDingler,"I don't know, whatever."
,Recommended,264140,17240286,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,kuz,oh f**k i dropped my whole crew off the side of the ship BETTER GET A NEW ONE
76561197975463963,Not Recommended,264140,24945784,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Dropdown,"I was enticed by the ""creators of Terraria"" and what they were making next.  The boats were filled with what this game is: poop.Another example of an early access title that had potential but was abandoned.  There are posts about what went wrong during development, but in the end they put out a product that didn't deliver what they said it would.   It's ""playable"" in the sense that you would watch Paul Blart Mall Cop for it's literary value."
,Not Recommended,264140,11503062,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Und3rTkr,Is that a Joke ? The game suppose to be in french .... Really ... 4 words in the whole game are in french ... ridiculous.
,Recommended,264140,9618768,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,ShakiraAlmond4,awesome
,Recommended,264140,27883415,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Awesomeisme2,Goos game for the price I payed (2$) really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,264140,14240249,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Hauakaevaja09,One of the best Pixel Game and it's getting better by every update :DQuadro Delta is awesome  and Re-Logic knows which games are the best cause of Terraria) xD
,Not Recommended,264140,23742566,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,IGM2000,just kinda boring and taxing on the computer with very few settings
76561198008237210,Recommended,264140,23858229,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Andarin,i love this game
,Not Recommended,264140,10953541,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Weatt,"At the current state of this game I would never ecommend wasting money on this game. It was so fun to play back before the broken update hit. I could move all my men to kill the enemy and it was such a nice combat style....now onto this update. You have to assign people to teams which half the time don't listen. The ship you have is the one you are stuck with. Only thing you can really do is modify it now. The plunder interaction is completely broken, you hit it and in a single instant you see all your hard work and your crew just disappear. Then the game says the amazing promise of any early access game ""GAME OVER""."
,Not Recommended,264140,15216713,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,﹏⎛⎝❀Gaza❀⎠⎞﹏,"This game came out and i was SO HYPED! i had my money ready and i biked to EB games and bought a steam wallet code, quite a disapointment though, I found this game quite annoying and 'Boring!' a waste of $10 i'd say"
,Recommended,264140,20275057,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ace of Aces,"Hello, it is DraganSlayer69 here bringing you another crappy review on another terrible game. If you are looking for a good game, this could be your lovely match. The story is quick, simple, and down to the point. As soon as I spawned in, I had the weirdest, gayest moans ever. The people just scream common pirate chants and annoying shouts.Anyway, I thought it looked a lot like Terraria.Then, Terraria reminded me of Starbound, and after that Edge of Space, and then it reminded me of ... what was that game called? ... oh yeah Pixel Piracy. Oh, that is the game I am writing a review about.You basically have to kill 4 Legendary Pirate Captains and then ""Rule the Seven Seas""Yo Ho Ho and Shiver me big long Timber because Pixel Piracy is actually a good game."
,Recommended,264140,20080650,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kabo,Most of the bad reviews are from the early acces. Since then the game has improved so much that almost all of the problems were solved.This is a great game. Buy it!!
,Recommended,264140,11175347,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Big N Beefy,drowned in dung   10/10
76561198144281585,Recommended,264140,19002755,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,ArcticGaming,"I love this game!pros-Game never endsBuild your own shipHire your own crewFood and dieasesMoney systemcons-I wish that i could make crew members automaticly captian without the captian dieing in any wayPaying your crew spends all your money in 10minSometimes crew doesnt listen to your commands, like in battleleveling each crew member indivdually is frustrating cause they level every minute or 5min for meAnd down right hard to fight big ships with cannonsCreaters pls add captian changing and if there is, private message me pls"
,Recommended,264140,11510989,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Rövhåk,exce ♥♥♥♥ing lente
76561198097032190,Recommended,264140,20456768,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,xX4ST1NXx,"I personally find the legit part of doing things to be a tad boring. What I find to be alot of fun is cheat mode. (F1 To Begin,1-9 to activate cheats). I think it's really awesome that they added a way to cheat in the game without mods and that sort of thing. So if your a cheater,(Like me) It's the game for you!"
76561198072094942,Not Recommended,264140,24820664,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Potabo,Not blue or multiplayer
,Recommended,264140,9631027,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Prymark,"This game! Bloody amazing! Yet, it is still in alpha, and there are alot of heavy impacting bugs, yet this game is massively addicting, and I can see it becoming greater and greater as they move towards the final release!"
,Recommended,264140,19702768,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Twinmold,"This game is pretty fun until you get too OP to make it challenging.Pros: Cool concept, can build OP ships and kill other piratesCon: There is too much poop and my pirates demand too much pay.7/10"
,Recommended,264140,26690088,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Century,"""Multiplayer"""
,Recommended,264140,9490450,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,MNC mascot,"It's a very interesting game, you're a pirate in a world where you start out as a low-class and can either end up dead or a man with many crewmates who want all your money and food. The only part that I find a little of a downside is once you get to a certain enemy difficulty they have cannons which can destroy your ship in about 2 direct hits."
76561198035991719,Not Recommended,264140,12299943,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Long Bottom Leaf,"A great game with a lot of promise and hours of fun, but has been abandoned by the devs and has practicaly no hope of any big bug fixes or new content. It is really unfortunate because this game is really fun and has a lot of potential if the right amount of work was put into it.Game 8/10Recomendation 1/10Pick it up on a really good sale if you like pirate games and rogue likes."
,Recommended,264140,14552532,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Teezey,I love this game!!! Only the camera not following your captain and the way you move can be perfected
,Not Recommended,264140,14426317,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Wet Yoga Class,"Unpolished, unwelcoming mess of a game, hard to get into, UI and AI are game breakingly bad."
76561198067010510,Recommended,264140,14461831,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Toxic Wolf,Great if you like a difficult game with crew mangement
,Recommended,264140,14469024,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,nateknowslego,this is a great game! it has sevral different enemys and an endless amount of cappabilteis. with many different character stats its never the same twice! i highly recomend this game!
,Recommended,264140,10914814,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,FactoryDefaults,The song you sing in the tavern is cute.
76561198119628483,Recommended,264140,11145521,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Ace,"Fun Game, you have to grind a little, but super fun to get into. And the grind isnt that hard."
76561198086802222,Recommended,264140,16405298,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sir Shark,"This is a great game to pass the time but not to keep playing.There are TONS bugs and the graphics aren't that good.BUT the more you play this game the more it will give because of the amount of weapons, time it takes to form a crew and then level them up AND get/make a bigger ship.Positives:+Pirates and seaguls poop all over the ship XD+Lots of weapons+Loads of levels (So you can keep on leveling pirates/weapons)+Extremely intreractive+Loads of placees to exploreNegatives or things the dev's should add or fix:+Cannons (Sometimes they shoot four cannonballs)+Character creation options (Colour/different clothing/more settings/more control over character customisation)+Possibly, maybe an endless map for even more play time+Character classes (Ranges/melee/cannon gunner/etc.)+When you have loads of poop on the boat the cleaners take ages to clean the ship (Change the cleaner's to pick up the closest poop instead)"
76561198052657619,Not Recommended,264140,17833254,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,inacitha,IT IS SOO LAGEY I CANT MOVE!!!
76561198203702280,Recommended,264140,25362585,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,PAW PATROL,i love this game
76561198043779171,Not Recommended,264140,17359953,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Zeus,It's interesting for a few minutes until you realize that the entire game is boring and bugged to hell.
76561198121148698,Not Recommended,264140,13768846,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,jacobbacob3,"horrible, thats all i got to say. 0/10"
76561198086150541,Not Recommended,264140,14795444,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,goovaz,"I have repeatedly tried to get into this game.  I've had it since early access.  After all this time it still feels like it could be one of those ""New game every day"" flash games.  It's just boring.  You would think without complex graphics they could add a little variety but every encounter looks exactly the same.  There is also no strategy.  Just go to the next closest location and one click will move the entire crew from ship to shore (or other ship) where they kill everything without any guidance.  And the icing on the cake is that your entire crew can be killed by walking by a spikey bush!  Forget the enemies, that bush is a killer!"
76561198136043776,Not Recommended,264140,11646789,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,JCCoolbean,This goddamn game doesnt even work i wasted my money and i dont have time for non-working games because im pregnate and have 12 cats so i dont have time to deal with this bull♥♥♥♥♥♥like i just wasted my money that i could be using heroin so im not so stressed out about my imaginary friend dying to stage 3♥♥♥♥♥♥cancer.so if you could send me some money back to buy some heroin that'd be great!
76561198066889288,Recommended,264140,14421945,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lewosch,"I don't play this game, my friend does. He likes it. So take his word."
,Recommended,264140,16677627,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Jolyne Kujo,"So I started off my crew with me and my trusty sidekick rich mariolle and Captain Panda and Genovel Kiminsky. There were hrdships, but we finally built our way up to having a 11 man crew. So, we were sailing to an unkown area, when suddenly, a huge Viking ship just comes in and F@cks the living Sh!t out of us. We lost rich and Panda that day, but what we didnt lose was our pride. Even though they killed more than half our men and outnumbered us, we still slaughtered all of them, took their pets, then we picked up one of their dead corpes and put it in the captains room as a trophy. And finally we blew up the entire ship, with the america f%ck yeah playing in the background and what was left of my crew drinking rum. We then headed to the town, killed and plundered everything there, built a crowning ceremony ring, and then, Genovel, the last of my original crew, took up the captain's hat and became...Captain Panda IISo now you ask, do you recommend this game?Well sonny boy, if you like pirates, and you like drama and f&cking the crud out of everything and becoming the biggest bad@ss of the sea, the f#ck yeah.11/10 Would f*ck the sh!t out of those f*cking vikings again"
,Not Recommended,264140,9535220,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Lil' too Stinky,"lets just say its not what i thought it was going to be. also, after i bought it and resented buying it, i got not one but 25% off coupons for it. this made me really mad.Also, this is just me, but i have absolutly no idea how to really play it and what to do. there is not really a good tutorial."
,Not Recommended,264140,28548157,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,sabrosa,meh
,Not Recommended,264140,24443917,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Josh,DONT BUY THIS!!!!!!
76561198310866575,Recommended,264140,26475263,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,splatter10001,realy cool
,Not Recommended,264140,30187741,Posted: 25 February,all,Little Potato Man,"I used to really like this game. It has a really nice style and great gameplay. Once I got good enough it became super fun to go around the sea and wreck other pirates and steal their stuff. Though coming back to Pirate Piracy, I am now finding many annoying features and bugs. To name a few I have noticed even with the cleaning perk none of my pirates clean up poop so my boat just becomes a big sh*t. I have also notced that when building your boat, If you delete a the block that a pirate is grappling to that pirate just becomes stuck in the air and you have to restart the game to get everything back to normal. I had high hopes a while ago but this game isn't going anywhere..."
76561198026063338,Recommended,264140,20058666,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Edd,"Yar har har! Avast, ye scallywags! Ye willnae nevur sink th' Leaky Tankard! As long as mí First Mate Poop Persson and Second Mate Little Jim (who ain' little at alls, apart from his head) arr walkin' tha' poopdeck o' mí ship!And Sassy Sharon on the cannon with Cannon Clarence. She be sassy."
,Recommended,264140,20862952,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Espionage,Awesome game.
76561198044988037,Not Recommended,264140,31126504,Posted: 13 April,all,Dr. Deagle,"jogo incompleto, não é a toa que ta no alpha"
,Recommended,264140,15607247,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Chumpion,"Pixel Piracy is a piracy-themed pixel simulator. After ARRRRRRR years in developement, hopefully it will be worth the SHIVER ME TIMBERSME HARTY/ME HARTY Get this game now or I'll burn down your houseARR"
76561198094730379,Not Recommended,264140,13845681,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,BiGm8,hhhhhhhhh!
,Recommended,264140,11861765,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,The Coco Midget,Outstanding! only just came out with 1.0 and already one of my top 5 games!
76561198011424230,Not Recommended,264140,14796461,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Link Static,"Usually if a game is bad i just delete it and move on, however with this game i feel the need to warn people that it is yet another terrible pirate game.I return to try it out after various patches and it still has game breaking bugs. Also for a permadeath game you have almost no control what so ever of your characters, and for a game that is "" Randomly generated "" each time, it has little to no variation each time with the starting options for your next playthrough."
,Not Recommended,264140,13442261,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,The College Board,"Got this a long time back expecting something very different by the gameplay footage and screenshots. Was horribly underwelmed with the game and was bored quickly. 4/10- if its your type of game, get it, if your on the fence about buying it, don't."
,Not Recommended,264140,18069598,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Wormoxide,"A pointlessfull reviewGraphics:High Dynamic Range makes poopie textures look good‽Audio:There is a reason one should not use one second loops.Music:Bearable at the lowest volume setting.Controls:More complicated than neccesary for a 2-D game and hence no controler support.Mechanics:Even a broken clock is right twice a day.Story:Make your own.Entertainment:One would rather watch paint dry.Difficulty:Unfair.Replayability:yes, if self mutilation is your thing."
76561198026729962,Recommended,264140,16908044,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,WOLFPACKED,I really like it and im sucked into this game atm.Things I dont like- The gameplay menus and the system menus clumped into one were a little confusing at first- The pirate voices get annyoing real quick.  THE BLACK SPOT.. omg
76561198098273178,Recommended,264140,9676741,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Mr Sprinkles,"AMAZING game, have no complaints, if you like rogue-likes and pirates you'll most likely like this"
76561198073311425,Recommended,264140,9836555,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,✪ BADDIE,I recommend this so MUCH!
,Recommended,264140,9603391,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Ahravi the waff,"I go back to my boat after cutting a cat in half and having an oyster and a crate parry my attacks. I see birds upside down floating above my ship and occasionally spinning around, no problem right? So I climb onto my ship and they start pooping all over the watermelons I had on my boat.10/10"
,Recommended,264140,9506832,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,big succ,"It is a special game that combines rouge-likes and side scrollers. You can build your own ships, capture other ships, raid islands, get drunk at a tavern, manage your crew, swab your decks and much, much more"
76561198085897723,Not Recommended,264140,16189045,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,GNUCARBON,"Not a great game if micromanagement isn't your thing, I could see myself getting slightly into it if I had far more time. As is, I felt it was a bit dull."
,Recommended,264140,15097373,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,treydavis007,Very awsome game.It would be cool if you could add diving bells to your ships to go under the ocean to find treasure.
,Recommended,264140,15099358,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Young Steve,Amazing Game
76561198042370164,Recommended,264140,15735272,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,DarkOmegaMK2,"I'll be straight. This terrible back in early access and even after release, it was an awful unplayable mess in which artificial difficulty would be the norm with never ending ever increasing hunger and morale loss. I disliked this game a ton and i felt ripped off for paying the full price at the time for this game. In short, this game was a mess, but time has changed and so has Pixel Piracy.Everything said i now think that this game is fun, it is really a fun and enjoyable experience. It is playable, finally it feels like a video game rather than a patience test. I like it, it finally has shaped up to become the game it was originally intended to become. It is a shame it took so long to get to this point, but i really like it now and i highly recommend it.This game is not free of bugs thought, there are a few issues here and there, but thanksfully nothing too mayor or gamebreaking like in that dark time."
,Recommended,264140,11977733,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,jiffy,"Very cool game, and extremely unique. It has a randomely generated map and terrain, and many more unique things.I r8 this 8/8 don't h8 it's my f8 m8 btw just 8 chocolate c8"
76561198064417192,Recommended,264140,9555008,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Frozone,"Great game, die of starvation"
76561198164282059,Recommended,264140,29386215,Posted: 20 January,all,Raven404,What I got out of this game?A ship where every deck is a poop deck and lots and lots of animals.poop/10
,Recommended,264140,23965502,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Spectreballs,You like pirates?You like pixels?You like handsome male/female pirates?WELL THIS GAME IS RIGHT UP YOUR ALLEY.One of the best management games out there although this game had many bugs alot of them have been fixed and it makes this game all the more funner.Pros:-Immersive Management system-Really fun and challenging gameplay-Pirates.Cons:-Repetitive at times-Still buggy as all hellThis is a game worth buying if you have about 10 dollars sitting in the corner of your room.7.5/10
,Not Recommended,264140,9537173,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Ubsworth,"Its decent, just wait until its better optimized, and just in general, better."
76561198031390032,Recommended,264140,10796641,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Herpicus Derpicus,"Fantastic roguelike, give these developers some of the love they deserve!"
76561198251397028,Recommended,264140,24318703,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Username [JFFG],"This game was cool. I can recomend it to anyone in love with pixelated and survivalistic games (if thats a word). Also to someone looking for something new, this game has that."
,Not Recommended,264140,25707920,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,frolf,"Pixel Piracy is a pirate simulator game where you control a group of pirates doing what pirates do best, that is plundering and picking fights with people (and animal). You start out with a captain and you choose what type of adventure you're going and manage your crew and finance as you sail to the path of gold and glory. A fun pirate simulator, pirate battles is exciting especially in the bigger ones where you can fire cannons and knock enemies overboard and see them descent the blue abyss below.One of my issues with this game is that it doesn't offer intuitive mechanics. When I first bought this game, it has absolutely nothing that teach me how to do stuff. But now it has tutorials and an in-game help despite some features (like capturing animals and bring them on board) is still not explained. I'll give it a pass for now and give kudos to the devs for fixing the game and keeping it updated.The main problem for me was this game has an incorrectly implemented difficulty progression. No, I don't mean the actual difficulty level you start the game with, but the ""danger level"" of pirate encounters. So the game wants you to defeat 4 (four) Legendary Pirates (referred as LP from now on). Instead of maxing out the danger level of all LPs, what the devs should've done is to scale up the difficulty (i.e danger level) once you defeat an LP and keep scaling up until you face the final LP. When I was playing and I defeated my first LP, I felt like that I ""was too good at this"" and it ultimately leads to me feeling that the game drags on unnecessarily long. Once you defeat an LP, you have to literally travel across the entire map for the next closest LP and defeat him, which was no problem except that you will get dozens of pirate encounters that felt like more of a bother rather than a threat. Then I played in another difficulties to see if the gameplay will be different, but I still encounter that plateau where I'm virtually invincible once I'd be able to defeat LP. I don't even know if the difficulty levels changed anything except slightly buffed enemies, more encounter, and marked up shop item prices. I think this bit needs major rework. Finishing the game by defeating three other LP is more of a chore than a challenge.Final thoughts, give it a try if you will, but for me it was fun until it became an absolute bore."
,Recommended,264140,16705777,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Dope-Ass Fresh Prince,"Minor bugs , pretty good game"
76561198145405539,Recommended,264140,16740162,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,greasymonkey004,a fun pixel game you need to play game10/10
,Recommended,264140,16748347,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Noodle Man,great game
,Recommended,264140,17613090,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,momentum,gud
,Recommended,264140,17625012,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Musicdude,
,Recommended,264140,27606915,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AGame GD,"A game that has gotten me hooked. At first it was alright, but right now, it's that game where you just need another ten minutes."
76561198030417641,Recommended,264140,13722914,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,That Guy!,"I found this little game pretty darn fun, its got allot of potential."
,Not Recommended,264140,17085457,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,GAMER GUNK,"DONT GET IT!!!!!!I found out that it was poop and murder simulator 2015.also, there's a reason it's abbreviation is PP. I heard alot of good things about this game. I guess it got worse five minutes after i heard."
,Recommended,264140,23818060,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mugman Al,I think this has an awesome concept.
76561198142177056,Recommended,264140,20365082,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Marvi2004,Banana
,Recommended,264140,24565096,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Lonelaw,YES i reccomend because other than a few bugs it's very fun and there's alot to do
76561198152318536,Recommended,264140,17386646,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Ditacy,Would be better if it had a multiplayer. But still it's pretty fun. I rate it 7/10.
76561198162883951,Recommended,264140,17361065,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,UncleDogg,"Pick it up on sale. Still a little buggy and not much replay value, but a decent game. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,24093053,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,kodeman01,something makes every game i play go corrupt old saves and new games makeing the game unplayable
76561198091013766,Recommended,264140,14334029,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Griggity,"Yar-Har Fiddle-Dee-Dee, You are a pirate!"
,Recommended,264140,14342147,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,GreyFox,fun but gets kinda boring but 8.5/10
76561198079498047,Recommended,264140,14393314,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,bJAKEd,"Stylish, subversive, and above all fun, Pixel Piracy finds that the creators are sending up the pirate genre with gleeful abandon as it  delivers a tense, vivid tribute to its eager players."
,Recommended,264140,14306837,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cmdr.Cameron,its hard to start of but its worth. makes time wiz by. funny saying voices and is a very well made
76561198039940985,Not Recommended,264140,14379293,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,The Mendoza,The controls are unintuitive and the graphics make everything difficult to see.
76561197999335975,Recommended,264140,11571244,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,AOD_Jones*,"For what the game is, it is excellent. I find it challaging, funny and fun. It's compelling and probably the best potrayl of piracy in a video game. I love Pixel Piracy."
76561197975933249,Recommended,264140,29178204,Posted: 10 January,all,Tintin,"I've bounced off Pixel Piracy twice now over it's development, never due to a lack of a good game, but simply due to falling into other games.My third playthrough now, and my most thorough, and I love this game.It has areas that can use improvement, from the lack of real info in game with the skills system (why does it say it takes TP to learn when it doesn't???), not being able to move the camera up to see the top of your ship/putting a height restriction, or the fact that sauerkraut does not provide Vitamin C(https://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/vegetables-and-vegetable-products/2614/2).But what it lacks in these, and a few other areas, it makes up for with a solid game play experience. From slaughtering chickens with fishing poles, to capturing ships with a 25 man crew on a 5 block-wide skiff, there is never a lack of fun ways to play this game.Well, I'm off to find another hobo on a 1-tree island and murder his♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,264140,16412895,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,The beste ryze in the world,Bestest game eu for 2 hours.
,Recommended,264140,24315016,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,★ (N) ★,"An ok game not one of my favourite, but an ok time killer."
76561198120758268,Recommended,264140,24343578,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TheLordChar#11360,My only wish is for a tutorial.
,Not Recommended,264140,18961674,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,StopMoPro,"I have a BIG glitch where I will start a game but I won't be able to see buildings, people, or animals. Please Help."
,Recommended,264140,22036229,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Captain Saiyan,"An amazing, simplistic, time waster. You start the game, battle, explore, take on bounties and build a BAMF ship and thats the moment you realize you've been playing for 5 hours strait."
,Not Recommended,264140,31845695,Posted: 19 May,all,ricardosolisv,"I played almost 16 hours, it got really fun but it gets very repetitive and the worst is that it had so much potential."
,Recommended,264140,31229185,Posted: 18 April,all,Mac-sterrace,"I love this game to relax and unwind. Just managing your crew and ship, while taking over the seas.Although, I hate how there is no real difficulty curve. It's really easy to become overpowered and challenge the legendary pirates (then promptly get one shot). The legendary pirates WILL one hit you, unless your crew is a legendary crew that can easily take out a danger 10 pirate ship solo. It's halariously difficult to challenge one of the four final bosses. Still fun as hell."
76561198089285620,Recommended,264140,13356118,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Epicsycthe691,Although Graphics Are  In Pixelation This is a suprisingly good game Especially for those who like any One Life Systems.
,Recommended,264140,20141945,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Silverhart,ProsDesign your very own pirate ship YAR!ConsGraphic lag issuesRepetetive
,Recommended,264140,20172616,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Eskembergi,This game is full of sh*t and I love it.
,Recommended,264140,15306833,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Dreth,"Oh my God yes! I finally managed to do it. I found the most ret4rded game in the universe, and I absolutely love it! Have you ever wanted small pirates with deep voices screaming:""Land ahoy!"" when they're on land drinking in a bar? Yarr, ofcourse ye have! This game involves ship battles and character leveling, you can control your captain and your crew, customize your captain and teach him or his crew abilities to either help the hygiene of the nasty pirates, or to help you in battle.I love it, and I approve."
,Recommended,264140,21116757,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Pant Lid,"Surprisingly fun game, except for the meme graveyard that is the speech. Expect to hear blasts from the past such as ""I like turtles"", I was honeslty surprised to see this game came out in 2015."
76561198159508680,Recommended,264140,20148704,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Dude_Seriously?,I like this game very very much :)  10/10
,Not Recommended,264140,9999721,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,islamic state of gaming,Some very serious issues with AI path finding and glitching themselves off the boat.Be prepared to reload constantly.Fun and addictive concept.Portions of your boat will disappear while you jump through the loading screens creating death traps for crew.This is alpha and it's broken.Crew will ghost through ship walls and get stuckAny ship design departing from simplistic will break the AI resulting in a poop filled ship with non-functioning crew members.The fact their partnered with re-logic is scary to me due to how quickly they abandoned Terraria.
76561197995327520,Not Recommended,264140,13373812,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,El Capitan Tinker,"Loved the concept but the interface and controls are unintuitive and not user friendly.  Graphics are poor even for indie pixel style, My impression is the dev got alot of cash based on the concept in Early Acess and decided to release it and move on without making the most out of this game, I believe most of the postive reviews are based on the Early Access and the assumption more features would be added."
,Recommended,264140,9635785,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,ron liason,got eaten by a shark 10/10
76561198026789970,Recommended,264140,26917749,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cangika,AHOY MATIE! yeeeeeeeeeees!
76561198142307689,Recommended,264140,14379791,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,[VW] G_Manitie,good game but a little confusing at first
,Not Recommended,264140,14992739,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,holopoj,I would not recommend this game.
76561198145568640,Recommended,264140,14997542,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,goandrewk,good game. very fun yet wish there was tutorial and a multiplayer soon.First hour of playing: stay on the island not knowing S##T and kept walking aroundSecond Hour: found out that you can travel so with my 2 m8s we go beat the sht out of some other pirates.Third Hour: me and my 3 m8s get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a guy that looks like ron jeremyVERDICT: 10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥raped by ron jeremy pirate with dying moaning sounds again.
,Not Recommended,264140,15008126,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Default,"Kinda fun,  but very hard and a little boring after a while."
76561198315972794,Recommended,264140,25988241,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Sun Light Nugg,Captin: Alright men let's get the rest of the enemies on their ship let's go!Crew: Captin wait it's a little-!Captin: Help me i'm drowni....!Crew: Slippery on the edge...
76561198026249916,Recommended,264140,9536851,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Allemmm X,Best Game NA
76561198122913990,Not Recommended,264140,13727021,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Will_bow_shadow,I HATED THIS GAME PLS DO NOT GET IT I DISREGARDED  PEOPLES WARNINGS AND WASTED MONY PLS DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198262034861,Not Recommended,264140,21843600,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,libra.li,"It was a awesome game, until the moment no one wants to clean!!!, (I've got them all in crew group, and one skill each only fyi)"
76561198201862285,Recommended,264140,16846292,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,twiztidnipz,can you make it so windows xp can play?
,Recommended,264140,22134522,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,seabass_and,Awesome!!!!!!!!!
76561198043711616,Not Recommended,264140,26097663,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Peter B Jordanson,This game sucked in Early Access and it still sucks now.
76561198064254109,Recommended,264140,21991128,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,(DUCK) Officer Quackers,good game
,Recommended,264140,21737773,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Kreko,"Overall this game was very pleasurable. Although, I would love to see more updates as I got bored after almost 10 hours. Hopefully there is more to count!"
,Recommended,264140,21904745,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,fish with legs,"Honestly, a great game. It was well done and fun, but it kinda lacks a replayability factor. You get to a certain point to where the game isn't a challenge anymore and it gets boring. I don't go back to alot of games, so I give it an upvote because the downside doesn't effect me as much as others. Either or, it depends how you like to play the game and for how long I suppose."
76561198062932032,Recommended,264140,13345077,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Gh0stW01f,"was fairly fun, pretty easy until all the other ships got cannons, then it got ridiculous."
,Recommended,264140,19238327,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Kyrottimus,"Should be renamed ""Poop Management Simulator - Pirate Edition.""  Still, plenty fun and unique."
,Not Recommended,264140,22346056,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Alan Coolton,"Hoo boy I did not like this game.I gave this game a few tries over the years and I've barely gotten very far into it any of those times.Controls are just weird, and you can pretty much only do things with your captain so you have to wait too long for him to slowly stroll to the other end of an island to pick a coconut off a tree.So after you manage to do that and get a small crew together you'll try to edit your ship, but for some reason the game says that the crew is unable to get onto the ship and I still have no idea why, but I think it has something to do with fences. You need 'em. Except my captain still managed to jump into the ocean for some reason.Also you can make your pirates kill one of your own crew members for some reason? I guess it's incase of mutiny but I'd rather it come up with a ""Y/N"" menu or something."
76561198051764330,Not Recommended,264140,31942223,Posted: 24 May,all,AllahGold,only buy with a sale
,Not Recommended,264140,31912173,Posted: 22 May,all,NarrowArtist147,"Practically unplayable, was better in early access"
76561198194388515,Recommended,264140,26303749,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sqepia,Great game
,Recommended,264140,26304310,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,♜W0LF♜,alright pirate game
,Not Recommended,264140,10474860,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Hawokki,"Gets boring pretty fast. Has a lot of glitches. My best game save got glitched so that when I load it, this happens:1. I hear a scream (dying sound)2. Black screen is shown and I can do nothing3. Music is also playing"
,Recommended,264140,22537602,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Tsuyu,PLS ADD RUSSIAN LANGUAGE PLS PLS PLS
76561198071521231,Recommended,264140,11492077,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Spooky Sushi,"This game is amazing now that it is a full game with an objective (kill 4 legendary pirates) it does feel like a full game now with good graphics lots of humor and some strategy. There is one problem i have and that is that there is no multiplayer feature of any sort it's only singleplayer. Witali Kirpu if you are reading this please find a way to make a multiplayer feature into the game like public servers,private server, and a way to join and host servers with passwords or not. If you did it would make the game into an ACTUAL complete game just with some bugs and glitches.Building a ship is slightly difficult becuase you have to buy a LOT of hull blocks,wall, and ladder blocks but i still love the game no less"
,Recommended,264140,25369056,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,NutellatheHun,"Fun little game to kill some hours. Game does feel empty in some spots and I wish it had some sort of workshop support, but for 10$ its well worth it."
,Recommended,264140,34968695,Posted: 15 September,all,vicco04,Already Build a shipAnd i killed 2 enemiesand also i got 1 Pirate on my teamGot Gold and rum for 1 daySoWhat a dayWHAT A LOVELY DAY
,Recommended,264140,16957524,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Engel M.,"Do what you want 'cuz a Pirate is free, you are a...No.A surprisingly ingaging game. A fairly accurate pirate simulator, with some comedic aspects pulled in. (Seagulls can poop on your ship, and you get a 'cheevo if one does. 10/10)There are a few issues. The customization (especially character customization) is bare-bones at best, and the game takes quite awhile to get going.Also I don't think I've found a single female Pirate. With the exception of making your character a female it's downright impossible to find a female Pirate. (Which I guess is more-or-less Historicaly Correct but...)Overall it's one of those games I'd highly recommend checking out. It's a must buy if you're a fan of Pirates. Otherwise, I'd suggest watching some gameplay to see if it's to your fancy."
,Recommended,264140,9728842,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Wrigley (Doomlord),Quite fun game with nice graphics and a good survival systemHopefuly in the near future they make it possible to custom make players and maby put better movement animationsOver all its a fun game
,Not Recommended,264140,9199172,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,WaKKO151,"It simple, complicated, and addicting. The best review on here starts out with... ""Its kinad fun...""But eventually wake up and realize that the developers gave up and started a new project and never fixed all the glaring issues that the late game has.. like the fact that your pirates are so stupid sometimes they fall off the boat and die, or while boarding.. or after you tell them to go to shore.. or while they are on shore drinking and fighting each other they will jsut fall off the island and drown.Late games the ships you have make it impossible to control your crew or protect them from incoming fire. The NPCs however have mastered the art of not giving a ♥♥♥♥ as they just shoot canon balls which even if you have getting your guys to shoot any is almost impossible. You will never hit anything and if you do it will most likely be your own ship.Blood and Gold is a way better game and it failed when it first came out too. But they didn't give up. They fixed there bugs and that game is probably the best pirate game since Sids now. This game i would not buy for a dollar."
76561198211598028,Not Recommended,264140,18138034,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,[insert_name_here],"Second time I'm changing my review for this game.What do I have to say? I don't know.This game is an awesome concept. However it got abandoned a year ago, and it's in a buggy/unfinished state right now.The good thing is it seems like this game might be getting revisited.My rating is still negative for now, but I'm glad to see that there is finally some proper interest in it again :DI guess we'll have to wait and see what happens with this game."
76561198003694300,Recommended,264140,10820003,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mick,"Another game with simple looking graphics that hides a lot depth and is very addictive. I played it all day and the next night straight. I can't back into it. There were problmes I was having with my mcomputer at theime. It would open Steam on the much larger two terrabyte drive I had it installed on and since, I just got payed last monday morning  and I really wanted to buy some games. I lost my patience with the thing and ended up installing another copy of Steam on the smaller harddrive. Which was just over a hundred gigabytes. As I had brought quite few games, that hard-drive came close to being filled. So, favouring this game over the others. I played it all day and nearly all the way through the next night and then stopped for break. Next time I hopped on it, it wouldn't start, because there was not enough space on that hard-drive for it to update. So, it wouldn't even start again. So, I had to remove Steam from that hard drive. This was easier than I expected, because one of the other problmes I was having was that I previously couldn't move a thing from this hardrive.  Once it was put on. There was something wrong with it before, but it wasn't a problem now. Weird!!!. No problem, those games were purchased. Something, I couldn't do on the two terrabyte hard drive I was using earlier. They were in the bag and the saved game was stored on a cloud. No problems there. Since then I restarted the computer and have managed to get Steam working on the original hardrive. and have been reinstalling the new games. It's takne me another day or two, and now I'm itching to get back into this game. It plays well, and it was the qulaity of the waters graphics that drew me into it. Despite, the simple graphics of the little pirates and the galleons. There are hidden leves of complexity that kept me playing it and playing it. I just wanted to ukeep upgrade my ship, and keep training my pirate  and increase the numbe rof his crew. So, far, I could only afford tow others and then they were bale to get some pet monkeys and a crab. The monkey's were killed on a island raid and one of the crew members died from hunger. Then, I only just realised the option for taking another ship to replace the meager looking craft I had built from purchased blocks of wood. When you start, your pirate like a child or babay will poop all over the deck of his own ship and nt clean it up until he had brought and studied the books on toilte traininga nd cleaning his ship. Until that time, it just accumulates alot of poop. I guess they saw connection between that and the pirate term ""Poop-Deck"" and keeping it clean.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poop_deckA wel known pirate term.....""•Ye can swab the poop deck, but ye can't poop on the swab deck.""Anyway, my pirate ship filled with poop might have been a great deterrant for other pirate trying to plunder or take my ship. The ships avery customisable. They can be built in almost any shape from scratch. Just little blocks. There is basic blocks, half blocks (To give it a more ship like shape...) and back boards for the interior walls and exterior that keep the priates from walking over the edge and falling into the water.http://www.thewayofthepirates.com/pirate-life/ship-parts.php. Pirates can't swim in this game, they just sink and drown if you let them. You can train them to swim later if you find the correct manuals for this. Otherwise, you have to watch that they don't wander over the side of the ship and jump into the water by accident.  There are any skills that can be leanrn and I was tryingf to school my pirate captian on many of them before he stared hireing other crew members. One my earlier mistakes here was that the first crew member of earlier pirate captain, started a mutiny and killed him when he didn't get payed. So, I wanted to make sure this one was tougher and more skilled before getting a larger crew that could possibly over power my captain if he isn't prepared for mutiny.  As I said earlier tthe ship are very cumtomiseable and can be designed anyway you like as long as you have large supply of wooden blocks to do this. They are fairly cheap, but a large Galleon equires quite a lot of wood. I wasn't so skillful in ship design and ended up taking another better made ship with cannons  and a lower deck inside. So, I take my Pirate captian out on the seas, travelling to many island for plunder and naval battles with other priate ships. I think there is also more legiamte sailing vessels belonging to the empire as wel. I have kept my desitance from those until I amd prepare to take them on. Naval battles can be either fought with cannons and other gunnery or by throwing ropes to the other ship.So, the capt and his crew can host them selve across to fight the individual pirates. From here you can take their treasure chest and other gold lying around, as well as some useful items and weapons. I soon leanred I could take their ship in favour of my first one and ake adavantge of all it's add-ons. Te guns were a bonus, but I think I need to buy training manual. So the pirates can learn how to use them. I can also canabalise other passing ships for spare-parts. The fursther you go from you island base, the more booty can be found. You can return there or find other inhabited slands to hire more crew members, and buy other supplies, wepons, clothing,  food and rum. Otheriwse you pirate captain and crew might go hungry. Have to keep them well fed. In this game your Pirate captain and his crew have a healt, Hunger, and Morale . Let the last one fall to low because you Pirate captain doesn't pay the crew enough booty or keep them well fed. Or else they will mutiny. They have indiviaul stats that can be increased evrytime they level with T.P.s. These can be spent on stats to increase them or used to be spent on studing manuals to access new skills and get better at them. I think that just about covers evrything, I know about the game so far...."
76561197991361347,Recommended,264140,15522262,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,[-THEMIGHTYBOOSH-],"well got this in the sale and i dont regret it all ... iv played a good few hours it took me a little wile till the penny droped and i understood the game better i restarted and have been a much more successful pirate xD yarrr! it be true one thing i would have liked in this game is the ablity to scroll the screen via moveing the mouse to the far left and right of the screen to save haveing to use keys but that aside a realy good game in sale ... btw i got my copy with -75% off from £6,99 down to £1.74 and at that price its praticly piracy in its self xD so pick it up and give it a chance"
,Recommended,264140,11549372,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Serious Series PLUS ULTRA,I'm not a fan of sandbox games nor games like Terraria. I guess. I made the right choice buying this one tho :)
,Recommended,264140,11676125,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,FuturamaKing,"Nice game, good potential.I hope they will keep adding features and missions."
76561198102105925,Not Recommended,264140,35327071,Posted: 30 September,all,Corwin the Stormtrooper,This game is fun for about 10 hours. I hoped it would be better.
,Recommended,264140,22594126,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Shergar,"i like this game, i like the 2d scrolling thing, i like the shops that sell different things and cannons and boarding actions and all the way down to the pointless pet thing, i could play it continuously for hours however there is one underlining problem everytime i play, every save, every time. The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s wont clean up their poop! i did everything, taught them everything, they were in the right group, had the right skills and theyd be cleaning up great, no problem, nothing wrong sailing the high seas poop free and then one minute... they'd stop... for no reason whatsoever they'd stop cleaning.Then maybe one guy would do it every now and then and then nothing. until the ship is literally brimming with brown♥♥♥♥♥♥fruit to the point of crashing the game, or atleast lowering the fps rate to single digits.sort it out and id love the game for a thousand years. even with him telling me ""BATTEN DOWN THE HATCHES"" or whatever it is, a thousand times over until im repeating it in my sleep."
76561198017393660,Recommended,264140,22875830,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,AWOL Atom Bomb,"This is a great casual game to play when you really dont feel like playing any big games. For it is relaxing and still challenging enough thats its enjoyable. It is a fun game and i do feel i got more than my money worth. It is also does not use alot of computer power, so i can have it running on my old laptop aswell.In the game you build your ship slowly over time. You fight other ships and attack Islands. Which can end up being big fights. Dont expect large complicated Islands. They are just a small land scape with lots of other pirates or tribes people.Then when you are finished fighting and got some gold you head to a port island to let your sailors fill up on rum and food. Also at the Island you buy extra food, skills, items, goods and ship parts. F.Y.I. dont expect to get cannons stright away they cost abit and you need people with skills to use them. But when you do get cannons its fun.I like the ship building on the game and the small silly part of how things work. Over all i give this game a 7/10 score."
,Recommended,264140,22903222,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Dani The Kid,"Great game.  The voices, despite others reviews are quite hilarious.  The mechanics are simple enough to learn quickly, the comedy is definitely there.  I love the crew customization and the ship customization.  Hell, I even love the badly sung songs in the game.  I think some of the bad reviews come from people who take this game as more serious than it is.  Don't get me wrong, it's a good game, but comedy and light heartedness is a big part of it, I think anyway.10/10 Would teach my captain to kick♥♥♥♥♥♥off a boat again."
76561198154840763,Recommended,264140,22799818,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,toasted bread,love it the ship building and exploring is amazing!
,Recommended,264140,22991263,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Jetwall,Its an amazing game! I have some performance issues on my crappy laptop but you don't need high fps to play it. The game starts out simple and then once you get more into the game it becomes complex. Anyone who dislikes this game should kys
76561198022451347,Not Recommended,264140,30166294,Posted: 25 February,all,Andy McPandy,F u Devs
76561198087879995,Recommended,264140,9445760,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Plasma,yes i would recommend it but some of the feature like the training books i dont yet understand
,Recommended,264140,9510605,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Variable_Pwn,"Awesome game considering it's only in ALPHA. Customisation of your own boats,  command your team of scurvy sea dogs, and give them various tasks and abilities. Take on bigger pirate ships, or pick on little merchant ships; the sea will be yours!"
76561197968005384,Recommended,264140,9750881,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,IceWolf,"This charming title mixes a level of strategy, difficulty, and randomness together to create a charming package. Every addition is a treat, and every triumph is greatly satisfying. It's a happy reccomendation, and fun for its price."
76561198006466825,Recommended,264140,9576285,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,SweetPeanut,Such a fun game! why else would you buy it then to see pirates blow the bananas out of each other and sink there ships!
76561198033518542,Not Recommended,264140,14371694,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Dick Chappy,"This game is boring, dull, and a waste of time. I bought this for $2.50 and i would've been more entertained if i lit the money on fire and watched. Don't buy this game."
,Recommended,264140,13824670,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Repulsive Bushman,"Somali Pirate Simulator.REPULSIVE REVIEW LET'S GOFeatures include:-Ships-Drinks that don't do sh*t(UPDATE: Drinks DO do sh*t now, ain't that amazing!?)-Lazy Town reference!-Sea shanties!-Sea shanties WITH ACTUAL MUSIC TOO!-The ability to sh*t wherever you want on your ship-The ability for seagulls to sh*t wherever they want on your ship-The ability for your crew besides yourself to sh*t wherever they want on your ship-The ability to learn how to do exciting things like read how to sh*t less frequently and clean up all the said sh*t on your ship-Diapers which can stop the crew from sh*tting on your ship completely-Amazing things like finding bras and panties in buried treasure chests which restore morale-Lazy-a** pirates stealing your gold when you go for a drink in the tavern-Cannons which don't do sh*t(But they're working on it, GJ devs!)-Explosions-Hobos-Hobos you can kill-Hobos that can kill you-Hobos which don't sh*t, be it on your ship or not-Stranded hobos you can kill-Get achievements for killing hobos-Probably have hobos as pets.. maybe. Mostly likely. Possibly. Perhaps.(Actually, is this possible? I never got a chance to try this. If so, awesome!)-Disturb tribals on islands-Kill said disturbed tribals on said islands-Waste time looking for buried treasure-Board ships and blow them up or steal them to sink your own-SHIVERMETIMBERSSHIVERMETIMBERSSHIVERMETIMBERS-Holy f*ck man look at how many cards you need to complete a badgePretty sure that's it. Soundsfun, don'tcha think?"
76561198068089504,Recommended,264140,11531813,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Hatarius,"The game has a neat idea, for a good price, if you can handle the occasional bugs (which will get fixed soon), then this game is pretty good."
76561197971739831,Recommended,264140,11540057,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Dan U.,"Takes a bit to understand the mechanincs, but once that happens the game is a blast!  Don't worry if you die the first few times, learn the mechanics, then start a new game and you will enjoy it very much. I found out that going for 3 crew members is a very good balance to grow your wallet, etc. Then increase your crew as you go. Fishing is a must as well as going to islands to find valuable items. The game is more or less a balancing act between food/morale/money/crew size/enemy rank etc. That is your key to success.A great game, excellent gameplay. I am amazed how good it is. Totally worth the money."
,Not Recommended,264140,12950643,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ՏԵԾՐʍՎ,"Pixel Piracy really seems unpolished. Has great potential, but fails to deliver in some necessary attributes of the game. Many of the companions are bugged, and many of the opponents seem extremely easy. If this were a 2 dollar game, I would say ""go for it"", but I just can't recommend you buying what seems to feel like an unfinished project at $10.00."
,Not Recommended,264140,12862194,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,zobatch,"This game has very serious UX problems. Until those are addressed save your money.For instance, I knew within the first minute of launching the game that there was a ""hunger"" mechanic. Half an hour later, my guys were starving because I couldn't figure out how to feed them. The help documentation says you have to leave the food in a pile or something? I don't know. I couldn't figure it out."
76561197966837417,Not Recommended,264140,12954345,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Bobbins,"Buggy, incomplete, feels more like a beta product. Not recommended until this is actually completed, if that will ever happen."
,Not Recommended,264140,12943766,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Sleaker,"I really wanted to enjoy this game, but even on the lowest difficulty it feels too unforgiving.  It's difficult to figure out how to build a formidable crew, and even after playing a few games it doesn't feel like the game helps you learn how to play either.  The skill progression feels abusive compared to other more RPG/roguelike games and I don't like how it was implemented.  I would have liked to see skills done more organically instead of using skill books for everything.  The combat is also kind of un-engaging, and you don't really get into ship combat until later in the game.  It more or less feels like you're just playing a management game and simply teased that you might get something high-action eventually.  That is definitely not the case in my time playing.  The art is great, the sound started to get on my nerves.  Overall I feel I would have been better off skipping this game as I don't think the mechanics create a cohesive game that's engaging.  I really felt like I was just waiting around for something to happen a lot of the time."
76561198094803808,Not Recommended,264140,14104198,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,VahidSlayerOfAll,"2/10laggy and if you adjust the screen, text goes ape♥♥♥♥♥♥on you.this game needs a system so every time you go again, or the more you do, when you restart you get more stuff. They should at least make it so you can save crew/ships to the next play through. The more you do the more you can save.will rate again if and when they fix thisJanuary 29thfingers crossed"
76561198055432537,Not Recommended,264140,12492547,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,ウィアブー,"This game is just bad, it is nearly impossible to figurre out how to actually controll your crew, and the ship building is glitched to hell."
,Not Recommended,264140,12388319,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,ATF_Aoshi Stark //,"This game can be enjoyable for those who enjoy Dwarf-Fortress-like gameplay, but it is pretty clear the team developing this title is not finished. Here are some important things to keep in mind when considering purchase:( TL;DR at the bottom of this list )- The interface still has numerous bugs that will cause little hiccups in gameplay. (Not game-breaking though)- The A.I. of the crew is not well coded, you may need to issue multiples of the same command click to get them to react properly. They will also get ""stuck"" performing tasks unless pulled away by a direct command. For the love of god don't buy grind stones for your ship, they will stay at them forever until they pass away from hunger. They also don't drink rum to replenish morale naturally, and will almost always need to stop at a Tavern every 6-10 islands unless you want a mutiny to happen. Of course, you're not safe from mutiny even in a Tavern because... (see next bullet)- The Morale system is horrible and riddled with bugs. Once you reach a point in the game where your ship is larger than a 1 layer vessel and have amassed at least 10 crew besides the captain, bugs start happening. The worst one being when one random crew memeber will flag mutinous, regardless of where you are, what you are doing, or how much morale they have left. Their morale could be at 100% and they will still attack you. It's a very bad bug which needs fixing, as it renders the mid-level gameplay practically inaccessable unless you want to level grind just your captain to maximum so no NPC can kill you. This is probably the biggest problem I've encountered so far playing this game.- Lastly, the Stat System is pretty unbalanced. You can just maximize Agi to be untouchable. According to a Reddit post, there's even a way to give yourself 120% dodge chance indefinately. A good mechanic for power players, but a bad one if you want your game to be challenging. The stat system needs a re-work.TL;DR:This game will last about 8 hours before the bugs and glaring issues in its code begin to screw with you. It's an 'ok' purchase if you can get it 50-75% off, but I would never pay full price for something that seems wholey half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the creator so far. I love the concept, but the execution needs patches BADLY if it wants to survive on this market place."
76561198072541428,Recommended,264140,11531972,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Tonothepro,Really good and addicting adventure/looting gamehave a really cool ship!
,Recommended,264140,12180872,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Lord Marsden,Pirate died cuase he coudn't swim.....11/10
,Not Recommended,264140,10294582,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ArchDuke,"This is a great idea done terribly. If you are looking for a game with pirates, pixel based art, a poorman's shipbuilder, is childish in implementation and has crappy controls, than this is your game.The game has your pirate crew literally shiting on the deck. Yes a poop deck joke is a primary mechanic. The controls are almost as unituitive and poorly explained as possible. The only logical way to explain them is if you are playing with only a touch screen. It plays like a touchbased mobile phonegame. If you think of it as such then the drag and drop, double clicks and such make sense.I would give this a 5/10. It can definitly be called a game but not a good one."
76561197995171991,Not Recommended,264140,9487012,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Minus,"I did come across a few bad reviews, but they were fairly old. Everything else made it sound like this was going to be the new bigest indie game of the year! But what a dissapointment. Even for an alpha, I expected this to at least be fun to play. But you are forced to load more times than you ever get to save (It prompts you to save after every area). Weather your captain was killed by absurdly difficult enemies that don't follow a difficulty curve at all, or he simply glitched during a grapple into the sea, or even just walked off an island after being told to kill an oyster, you will be dying non-stop.For that reason alone you should not buy this, but sadly there are even more problems to list. Boat building which was one of the features I most looked forward to is barely working. If you don't design your ship just right, your pirates will lose the ability to actually leave it. I spent ages rebuilding my ship, trying not to get my pirates stuck in blocks or fall through the hull as I did so. It looks pretty damn ugly now, all because it picked a weird place to make my pirates grapple from and to. Still haven't gotten a single canon yet because they are so expensive. For a pirate game, the naval combat is bizzarely unreachable.Going back to the expensive thing, everything in this game costs massive amounts of gold. Pirates, food, morale, skills. These are the things you NEED, but you'll only ever be able to pick one thing at a time to spend your tiny amount of gold on. Not just because you have little gold, but because towns are random and might only have one type of thing. This randomisation removes skill from the game and makes it feel like you're playing Battleships. Similarly, the enemy encounters are random in difficulty. Only the pirates tell you how hard you can expect them to be.Lastly the ""Tutorial"" in this only gave you the obvious details, ignoring the parts you actually wanted to know! Like how do you cook meat? What's the difference between capturing and plundering? How many points do I need in a stat before it rises?! All of these things caused me to lose so much during my first playthrough, ending with me unable to go anywhere at all without starving to death. This game just isn't enjoyable. I spent 30 minutes trying to get food, loading after every possiblity was used. In the end I had not managed to move a single square, in all that time.Okay that was meant to be the last thing, but I need to talk about skills. Skills are pretty good and can give your pirates some decent abilities. But they also give them some essential ones, ones you can't play without. Such as cooking, cleaning, pooping and so on. But the insane thing about some of these skills is that they need 10TP!!! That's 4 levels worth of stat points used up. Not to mention the cost of buying the skill book in the first place! The money cost should be the ONLY requirement. Stat points are too damn valuable to waste on such things, given that you need to spend 10 at the least in any stat to make it actually give you anything. Another very poor design choice. Players don't like having their character level, only for it to not actually have made them any stronger.Damnit, just when I think I am done I think of something else. Unlike in other games where permadeath is done well, like in X-Com, in this game you just feel cheated. The reason being that you have no control over the AI of your crew. Both fighters and chefs rush to battle, and they will ignore how little health they have. You can't make them retreat very well at all, and if you succeed then even your fighters will retreat too. I don't need to control them individually but give me some damn AI behavior toggles!!! I want my ranged guys to stay back and shoot, I want my ship repairer to stay on my ship, I want the 1HP guy to hide in the back. This is not a lot to ask for, infact it is the least I was expecting.True final words. The controls are also a big issue. I get the feeling this was made for touchscreen devices. You only have your two mouse clicks and then some buttons to click or drag. There are no shortcut keys, which are essential in something this fast paced and hectic. The lack of effort made to make this game easier to use on the PC is really depressing. How hard is it really, to add hotkeys?! Also, the warnings it gives you are very hard to notice unless you are looking directly at them. Things like starvation are often seen too late. Even worse is that you have to SLOWLY scroll the whole map if you want to be sure all your pirates are back on board before you leave. Or to see if they all bothered to leave in teh first place to help fight.I guess the game works, if buggy with the grapple and shipbuilding. But the difficulty and lack of control makes it unfun.Do not buy this game, at least not for another few months. They have so many things to put right here."
,Not Recommended,264140,12956260,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Amateur Arsonist,"Wasted time and money, the bloom hurts my eyes and the game itself is boring..."
76561198137054301,Not Recommended,264140,13043078,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Conwar07,I saw the yogscast play it and and thought wow that kooks easyso i waltzed on down to steam and purchased the game. i install it then try to load it.then surprise surprise it doesnt load so i reinstall it. it doesnt work so i try again.still dont work so all i have to say is fix it steam FIX IT
76561198128095339,Not Recommended,264140,9766367,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Fishy AF,not worth 15$ maybe 10$
,Not Recommended,264140,13723927,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The Landfill,"This game is not worth a single penny. If you go outside and pick up a leaf, you are holding an object worth more than this game. The leaf would not only be worth more, but would also be a better videogame than Pixel Piracy.  0/10   DO NOT BUY!!!!"
,Not Recommended,264140,10152256,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Bonk,"Can't reccomend due to the fact that mac version is seemingly behind in development. Features I see in windows version are non existing and bugs are still game breaking. I'm sorry but if you are going to make poop be such a huge problem you better make sure that hours into a game my characters don't stop cleaning for no reason and pirates won't eat or drink from rum to keep their stats up. Really disapointing because the game is great when the little things don't break down and ruin the fun.Overall its a great concept, a fun time, but the poop bugs have ruined it for me multiple times. Hope it gets fixed."
,Not Recommended,264140,14436331,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Phelyne,"I don't like the mechanics, or anything about this game. ♥♥♥♥ me for buying it, but I wanted to since demilogic made it"
,Recommended,264140,11509427,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,KravenMoorhead,"Overall Score: 9/10Pros:  I have been playing this game since early access. This game has gone through many development stages. Based upon player feedback they fixed many bugs and made many enhancements to the game. I can honestly say that I am proud to have been part of the experience.With that said if you ever wanted to be a captain of a ship and enjoy awesome pixel retro graphics then this is the game for you. This is a strategy game where you must keep your crew, fed, happy and try not to get them killed.Your crew will level up and you must decide to boost their stats or have them learn new skills. The game is very balanced, changing while still maintaining the fun factor. The game is out of early access but the developers are continuing to give the game free updates.Did I forget to mention that you can build and fully customize your pirate ship? The game delivers as not just a pirate sim but as an overall game. The offer tons of replay value and you can’t beat it for the price.Cons:  Being that I have to pick something it’s that there aren’t any type of multiplayer modes. However, the game doesn’t need it as the game is really designed be a single player game. However, if they were to add a PVP mode in the future where you could have ship battles that would add an entirely new game its self."
,Recommended,264140,29859782,Posted: 11 February,all,illwill,Pixel Privateers seems where they are putting their effort now.. Looks like a great game!
76561198053835839,Recommended,264140,30038442,Posted: 19 February,all,Coach,Ich spreche nicht deutsch und verwende google translate um das zu schreiben
,Not Recommended,264140,9829003,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,|:NxS:| Bekz,"In it's current state the game requires way too much micro-managment to be fun in my opinion. I like to play games, not sit there making sure every pirate in my party is full of food and paid off every one minute.Please note this review is regarding the current state of the game, perhaps future updates will create more automated functions allowing a fluid and less stressful gaming atmosphere of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,264140,9801372,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,AlexyGalaxy,"I dont even... could just be me but half the time I dont even know where my guy is among loads of pirates, weird ui, no helpful hints totally linear so i have no clue what instructions to follow, pirate mates end up attacking me without telling me what they want.Tutorial isnt helpful, the game is plagued with spelling mistakes.the game is in early alpha but ill rewrite this review when the game is officially out"
,Not Recommended,264140,13426417,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,blezie,"2 of 5 stars.* The user interface is bad.* Lots of minor bugs.* Lack on content, you can attack islands and ship only, then repeat.* You have no idea what most stuff do."
,Recommended,264140,11591712,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Stephen,"I THINK, ""NOW GAME OUT OF EARLY ACCESS IT FIXED IT WORK"". I PLAY AND IT BROKE. DA ENTIRE GAME IS BROKED!"
,Not Recommended,264140,17051923,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,BOTTED DeCOM,The worst game ever. A complete waste of my money. I recommend that it is taken off of steam. I WANT MY 10 DAMN DOLLARS BACK !THIS GAMES SUCKS BALLS.
,Not Recommended,264140,12178027,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,QuimJi,This quite honestly is a waste of money
,Not Recommended,264140,12520337,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,≡ SugarFREE ≡,"Now, this is HARD as f**ked !!"
,Recommended,264140,15676560,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,PsychicTaco13,"I highly reccomend this game, only played it for about 10 hours and I LOVE IT. If you are into adventure/rogue games-this is for you!"
,Recommended,264140,15922072,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Dragabond,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQTW7Pd1vqcSums up the game, basically.So much fun, but man...XD"
76561198018373923,Recommended,264140,12645091,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,enti0,"Solid pirate-y fun. The whole game lasts about 10 hours on the normal difficulty, and IMO feels like the price is worth it. Wouldn't call it the best game, but it doesn't feel like it's made to be; it is, however, a game that is definetly fun to pass  time on.There is a bit of a learning curve due to the seemingly small amount of help the game gives, but it's not too difficult to get into it.Gotta love those sea-shanties."
76561198060357967,Recommended,264140,10256301,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Brother Joey,Its pirates and ships and you click and then pew pew and then you win and then the game ends and you realize it was a  blow of   $15 :D jk but its PIRATES
76561198122853920,Recommended,264140,13124649,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,w h a t,"One of my favorite games great graphics, awesome status point setup ( TP )."
76561197984605818,Recommended,264140,8416853,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SirDiesel,"horrible game, hard to get anywhere past 30 minutes of game play. Hunger, little money, crew going bad on each other even if moral is good, often i get a stronger first encounter than my original starting crew (2 or 3 depending on option i chose)it doesnt make sens at all...this had soo much potential yet its reallly badi regret this purchase"
,Recommended,264140,11494645,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Italian Pimp,Don't buy canons.
,Recommended,264140,10307712,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,piranha77777,this game is very glichy and i would wait to buy it because you get so far and then you get a glich like when you do a random avent and one of your guys wants a rais but you cant pay for it so you kill him then you go to an island and you fly in mid air with thee dead guy on your sword and you cant move
,Recommended,264140,11458086,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Hendog53,So gud make mi cry
76561198023387850,Not Recommended,264140,24716229,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Grat Dalton,"Game breaking bugs within 19 minutes. Rr me timbers, I just want to play the game."
,Not Recommended,264140,11536771,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,WhiteshooZ,Wish I would have read all the poor reviews before buying this game.  It's a turd
,Not Recommended,264140,12282074,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,AMERICAN BADASS,DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY HORIBLE GAME
76561197974171618,Recommended,264140,9595836,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,tyrrell82,This game is awesome. I don't often recommend... but this I recommend.
,Not Recommended,264140,12854685,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Jon Arbuckle,"This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks, there will never be multiplayer because the devs are ♥♥♥♥ing lazy even though they promised multiplayer beforehand. The game is insignifigant, has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing AI, is made by conmen, and is not worth its current 5 dollars much less the $15 I had to spend beforehand. I should recieve a full refund because had I known the developers were such lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s I would have never had bought the game."
76561198082125660,Recommended,264140,13306555,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Foxyyy,This is amazing Pirate Simulator!And who don't love pirates?First of all this game is amazing!... also amazing ... yeah recomedation!(also poop)
,Recommended,264140,13476445,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Japoncio,Like skyrim with pirates
,Not Recommended,264140,11693504,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Lord Bailey,"The game is kinda crappy honestly. It could be a great game if they fixed it up a bit more and did multiplayer, other wise for now this game does really suck. but you make your own choice."
,Recommended,264140,22526437,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Cubix312,Stop reading reviews and buy this game!
,Not Recommended,264140,14702265,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dances with Machines,is not good bro. Take it from me.
,Not Recommended,264140,17212330,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Trumpkin,I should've pirated this...
,Recommended,264140,32911578,Posted: 27 June,all,look at me,great game!
76561198206002077,Recommended,264140,32412644,Posted: 14 June,all,[K]!ng,"It is a good game, but if I would lose it I wouldn't really mind. It kind of costs to much and there isn't that much you can do.But it still is a good game, the first time you play it is fun and seems new, second time still fun. But third time, Ehhhh"
,Not Recommended,264140,17211422,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Bernal.J,very very bad game
76561197981352517,Not Recommended,264140,30478661,Posted: 12 March,all,Korplem,"However much you pay for this game, you will have paid too much. If you get it for free, you've still paid too much. I feel like I should be paid to play it."
76561198088161846,Recommended,264140,13283142,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,😈JødeFaen!!!!!!!!😈,It is an AWESOME game I gonna spend days on this game 10/10
,Recommended,264140,10995012,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Crunchy Bay Cone,"This game is super addictive.  I really hope they work out some of the balance issues and annoyances.If you put stat points into anything other than int early on, you are a fool.  If you want to try to build a balanced party, you're also being foolish.  This seems like a game where you should decide on one or two duties for each pirate, but in reality you can make superhero pirates, and that's kind of no fun.Exploring islands is fun for a little while.  Blowing up ship after ship is also challenging.  After a while, it's just another ship or another island, and you either clear them easily or they are impossible with very little in between.I recommend this game, because I liked it in spite of these weaknesses, but if this were the release I wouldn't."
,Recommended,264140,11788453,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,skalerz,"This is an amazing game, I have had it for 7 hours and played it for 7 hours.There are reasons why i recommened this game, but to make this review slightly shorter, i will put the good and bad things in bullet points.THE GOOD:- Ship building- Enemy ship capturing/plundering- People hiring- Skill training- Ship Battles- Cute voices/songs- Replayability (Probably, I haven't finished yet)- Comedy- References- Addicting- Slight amount of luck involved- Tutorial on bottom bar that you can always go to- Cute pixel graphics- Constant-ish updates- Good saving/loading systemTHE BAD:- Not that smart AI for your shipmates- I can't think of anything elseThis is a good game, if you can, buy it, it is worth the money. I give it 11/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,17240421,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Medocine,"Mark: Bob do you think that people would be stupid enough to buy a game in wich we didn't bother to animate characters and just add so much post-proces effects that players eyes will just pi$$ liters of blood ?Bob: But Maaaaark ! How do you want it to work ? People on the internet are way to smart to fall into this trap !Mark: Let's just add that it's by the creators of Terraria where in fact it's just the publisher !Bob: Ok noice work Maaaark, can I give you some ideas for this thing ?Mark: Yes, you got one ? To make this piece of crap we will try to not use our brain to much cause thinking gives cancer.Bob: A game about pirates with useless RP begining, useless RPG system, and 30 seconds of loading screen between each fighting that last 15 second where the player is doing nothing but clicking once at the begining and once at the end.Mark: Ok we are almost there !Bob: And pirates will $hit in the boat, and you will have to clean it ! And we will even make an achievement !Mark: Bob you are the best game designer on this planet.And this is how PixelPiracy was created...I paid less than a dollar and I still regret it !"
76561198006441093,Recommended,264140,14720529,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,privateer95,Simple and fun
,Not Recommended,264140,34758259,Posted: 5 September,all,tragiicwindowzz,This game has alot of bugs and is overall just incredibly boring honestly don't buy this game Terraria is way better!
,Recommended,264140,22741944,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,CurlyDodo,"This is a great game. You can be a pirate and sail through seas. Who wouldn't want to be a pirate!? Ever since I was a little boy born in the western europe I dreamt about pillaging villages and finding treasures and sinking ships. This game offers all that from the safety of my cosy chair. But wait, theres more! Pixel Piracy isn't just about violence and cruelty. It's a game about friendship. You travel through the world expieriencing new adventures each time you set sail, but you cannot do it without the help of your lovely crew you hired in a local tavern. You become friends and your bond grows stronger with every enemy you defeat.That is of course if you pay them salary.Otherwise they'll kill you while you sleep.I guess this game teaches a valuable lesson about life and friendship and money.But you get to be a pirate, so its cool right? Arrrrr!"
,Recommended,264140,13305378,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Lolokmeister,"I'd have to admit this is a really fun game. Asides from the bugs, you can travel from island to island or battle other pirate ships with your own customised or captured ship from other pirates when you defeat them. It's not hard, but if you feel it you can play on the Easy hardness for your first game. The tutorial isn't really well made, but I'm used to discovering the games themselves without any tutorials given, so that I won't have to worry about no tutorials to read. There are almost no games like Pixel Piracy's concept, it's worth the buy. And so the new ENHANCED edition I still don't know what it'll add but I have a good feeling that it'll be a whole lot of surprises.After defeating pirates you can either capture their ship or plunder it. For me I'll always plunder their ships because I have my own customised ship, I like mine better than theirs. You can build cannons and cannon bombs for your pirates who was already taught the skill of knowing to use cannons. Then when you encounter an enemy, your pirates will start to use the cannons within a time of 30 seconds. After 30 seconds, other pirates will invade your ship through grappling hooks. Tip: You can teach your piratesLight Stepsto increase their walking speeds faster each level it raises for faster the time between running to get the bomb and reloading cannon.Pirates in the game don't know how to swim (which is funny) so to teach them to swim with the skillSwimmingso your pirates will respawn back on your ship after getting knocked into the sea by an enemy. Your pirates might sometimes slip into the water when boarding a ship, which is safer to teach your pirates about swimming earlier.Pirates will poop on/in the ship after eating. Teach a pirateCleaningto start throwing poop overboard, stay clean and pirates moral won't decrease fast.Welp... you'll understand nothing just by reading. It's never too late to get the game."
,Not Recommended,264140,21545409,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,x Princess Leliana x,I just thought it was boring.
,Recommended,264140,15290292,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,iAteYourDog,A chicken parried my Giant Hammer. 10/10 would logic again
,Not Recommended,264140,9535188,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,bobdumbnut,"this is the worst game i ever played. it is boring, the gameplay is not pirate like at all. do not get this game."
76561198033425461,Not Recommended,264140,10634192,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,LWoodzy,"I was expecting it too be a bit better like terraria, sadly even some of the lv2 enemies had 4 pirates when I only had 1 pirate and me soo they were way too over powered; its still in beta/early access so some of the bugs should be getting fixxed i'll just list some... Pirates don't eat, Buying things like learning to clean don't work. It's a good concept just not my favourite game ;/."
,Not Recommended,264140,10384358,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,ColonelBlack#2769 - Destiny 2,The game is simply unplayable. Riddled with bugs. I just loaded my save to have my character not be there but be under the water and then dying.The development of this game has been absolutely terrible due to lack of communication from the developers.
,Not Recommended,264140,11061594,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Swag Every Sunday,idk what im doin wrong but im just missing all the hype. its repetitive slow uninformative and im not clear what half of it means. T_T i wish i liked it more or knew what i was doing wrong tho
,Not Recommended,264140,34677577,Posted: 1 September,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Sidescroll - Adventure & QuestingAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content & Remove from LibraryTLDR: Low ambitions proof of concept early access title that got rushed out, presumably when they got serious and decided to make Pixel Privateers.Oustanding Issues:-Low quality grainy blur to all the visuals-Surprisingly difficult to control crew around, even while re-reading tutorial and following steps I would get problems-No Xbox360 pad support-Audio just as poor as visuals-Inadequate UI"
,Not Recommended,264140,12104365,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, as much as I WANT to love this game since it's published by Relogic? The guys behind Terraria? This game's WAAAAYYY too buggy to call a proper release. The concept is great... but here's a few prime example bugs that are infuriating and preventing me from enjoying the game!!!Priates randomly revolting... EVEN MY CAPTAIN WHO WASN'T NEAR HUNGY (70%) AND HAD GOOD MORALE (89%)!!! WHAT... THE.... HECK!?!? lvl 40 and I lose him to what!? MAKES NO SENSE!Pirates falling into the water... oh man, HOW many TIMES have I had to reload... BECAUSE I GAVE AN ORDER AND MY MID-GRAPPLE PIRATES TURN AROUND AND WALK INTO THE WATER AND DIE!?!?!?Stuttering when scrolling sideways when you have 15+ pirates... ugh, I JUST want to go do things with my pirates, and the game is laggy only when un-paused.. annoying, but not game-breaking as the top two issues.Pirates not cleaning up poop... I have 25+ pirates, and I have about 7 of them with cleaning... they don't clean or stand around with poop in their hands... morale keeps dropping fast. WHY!?Just... furstrating... the game was fun, up until I had 15+ pirates and started exploring the danger lvl 4 zones. Now I wish this was still Early Access and on a bigger discount..."
,Recommended,264140,9507918,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Quisani Wordcaster,"Hey, the name of the game says it all. There are pixels and they happen to be pirates. Ya sail the high seas, you swashbuckle across to the enemy ship, and when all said and done, One Eye Dinty swabs the poop deck. Ya sail like made for the nearest tavern and grub shop and set sail when the whim strikes.Note:Poop deck swabbing skills cannot be emphasized enough. A clean ship is a happier ship. Fishing is a must know skill. Who knew you needed a book to figure it out? I didn't! Also early access."
76561198040427390,Not Recommended,264140,9708824,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,MissLovee,This game is really hard and i dont understand the way to play it since the tutorial is not helping at all didnt really enjoyed it
76561197968017555,Not Recommended,264140,9740053,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Divx,"Advertised as a native Linux game and doesn't work. Can only play on Windows or PoL/WINE (with some issues). Priorities in the ""pre-release"" is new features, not bugs. Would actually prefer to have a refund and the game removed from my library."
76561198117103084,Recommended,264140,9797139,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,trebor,All I can say it this game has so many bugs in it I lost count at infinite
,Not Recommended,264140,9709224,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Cyaitri [Sigh-At-Tree],"Pixel piracy is currently in beta but the developers have their priorities in the wrong order. The game when first played is confusing and without instructions. When you eventually figure out how to play the game, you run out of things to do. With death coming incredibly easy to all characters good luck even getting to the 2nd island."
,Recommended,264140,14072805,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Happynoname,This game gets real addicting real fast im glad i bout this before my cupon expired
76561197990198489,Not Recommended,264140,11355064,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Dracionus,Game is simply not fun
76561198113063749,Not Recommended,264140,15891006,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Pandaslack,It is not very fun and very complicated. that is just me talking though
,Not Recommended,264140,14008806,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Krusty Krab Pizza™,This game is unfinished trash.
,Not Recommended,264140,11278223,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Jevak,"the game as of this update is broken. I got it and started playing on the easiest setting, and spent the whole time soloing, because it's nearly impossible to keep your morale from plumiting so fast you can barely do anything. and the idea of haveing to spend stat points for skill, and the junk skills and stats, like Int and fast learner, that no min/max player would ever pick, cuz you're gonna get to the end anyway, why rush it. All of that just makes the game lacking in the fun department, IMO."
76561198042993114,Recommended,264140,13729838,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Patrick,"Great for some casual gaming fun when you've got a few hours downtime. You'll need a little bit of patience, but it is worth it."
,Not Recommended,264140,13535586,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,bobcatbob,like skyrim but abandonned and flawed
,Recommended,264140,17832217,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Ixnay (SVK),10/10 would arrrr again
76364852125126436,Recommended,264140,20793235,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Xen,GEE WILICKERS BATMAN!
76561198179876730,Not Recommended,264140,15946286,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,NekoNoPapa,Very boring
76561198169179384,Recommended,264140,15667914,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,carrucs,it is a very cool game
76561198156980066,Recommended,264140,15672966,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Joab,"THIS GAME IS EPIC, IF YOU LIKE PIXEL, PIRATES AND DEATH, PLAY THIS.1. MADE PIRATE2. HIRED MORE PIRATES3. POOP EVERYWHERE4. TRY TO INVADE A ISLAND AND FAIL5. RAGE QUIT10/10 IGN WOULD CLEAN POOP AGAIN!"
76561197992565989,Recommended,264140,15674022,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Peat,Lots of fun.
,Not Recommended,264140,13657201,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Lord Morin,Don't buy this sorry excuse of a game.
76561197979378329,Not Recommended,264140,15519134,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,dcaldwell1026,"I have been excited about tryinng this game out, and with the recent sale I picked it up. As much as I wanted to like it after just 30 minutes I don't think I want to continue. The tutorial started out decent, then just vanished when it would have been extremely useful. I wandered around the map for a while, had some fights and ultimately got pummeled on an island; however during all those new experiences the tutorial was strangely missing. I'm not sure if it was a bug or just not finished yet. The graphics seemed decent, but once you get into the game the menus are all crisp and clear and the actual gameplay is blurry (not just pixelated which would be expected). For me the game was overly complicated on a weak UI with a graphics style that did not work well. I enjoy many 8bit games, but this one just didn't hit the mark for me."
76561198102428694,Recommended,264140,12647818,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Cpt. Nips,"it'd be a LOT better if theree was an online mode with your friends on the same crew or fighting them, but with single player, not that its not an interesting game per se, its entertaining, but it feels as it has something left out. And im talking about multiplayer"
,Not Recommended,264140,13533985,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,totally_recall,pixel piracy is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money dont buy it unless u want to waste money
76561198031360009,Recommended,264140,20510884,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,mordmorgan,Fun times were had being a pirate.
,Not Recommended,264140,13548972,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Octacube,Completely unplayable on Ubuntu 14.04Loading a game doesn't work but always screws up the game in different ways. Sometimes the ship turns in to something completely different than it was and the last straw was when the game graphics went all wonky and the game became unresponsive.
76561198137628749,Not Recommended,264140,19426661,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,PRIMAL_BIRD,Meh
,Not Recommended,264140,14537441,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Madalovin,It was a fun game for the first few hours.The AI was very junky.it was fun.it just did not live up to what i would hope it would be.
,Recommended,264140,14544715,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Lucas Midoriya,good
,Recommended,264140,14798822,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,alphabros,meh its good could use some things like a non distracted janitor and maybe a toilet
76561198025508170,Recommended,264140,14806792,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Crazy Monkey,One pirate took a♥♥♥♥♥♥on my deck and then obliderated an entire ship by himself.10/10 Would♥♥♥♥♥♥for power again.
,Not Recommended,264140,11758341,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,SeaTiki,"The biggest problem I had with this game is the point-and-click to move control scheme. Who on earth thought it was a good idea to do that with a sidescrolling game? It breaks up the game and voids any kind of immersion you could have. The whole pirates thing is cool. Building your own ship is cool. But the biggest wreck for me is that I can't directly control my character and it bugs me. If it's a strategy game, market it that way. Not as ""an openworld pirate game"". Because that's underhanded and misleading."
,Not Recommended,264140,11670277,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Spook,"It's a very meh game, I don't like it but maybe you will."
76561198083964456,Recommended,264140,16473977,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,baman,fun single player game that looks good even on older integrated graphics
76561198035561472,Not Recommended,264140,20858743,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,B_dog,dposajdhosafihæafihds
76561198128997978,Recommended,264140,13730241,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mega Tiddies,it is a good game but it does have its bugs like most new releases do so yeah i would reccomend but only if u dont mind playing a half done game
76561198051760618,Not Recommended,264140,13787123,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,andrew1618,bad
,Recommended,264140,14545707,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Cup of Soup,a game about piracy.. why not just pirate i---- oh god the royal steam navy is after me.
,Not Recommended,264140,15527054,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Milan Mree Frozen,"After having my pirates knocked off the ship like 3-4 times I am giving up. I know there is a life saver you can buy, but that costs money and I shouldn't have to buy like 8 of them before going out to adventure. I don't know about you, but I have the feeling that I wouldn't just suddenly fall the ♥♥♥♥ off my god damned grappling hook as I'm going from one ship to the other. if that was the case I would pull up alongside those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and shoot them with guns.No thanks."
76561198133993630,Not Recommended,264140,15430070,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Little Kohai,"What happened on my first playthrough of this game:I spawn, walk over to the tavern, All people inside are worth like 100 gold and i only have 50. i continue onwards to the other stores, Insane 500 gold prices for a dagger. i get bored so i decide to go sailing, i sail towards an enemy pirate ship, i think to myself ""his only lvl 1 i bet this will be easy"", as soon as my captain steps foot on enemy ship he gets knocked into the ocean and drowns. GG died to first pirate i met. Knockback must be nerfed, i probably will play this game again when they dont make it liek 20 x harder. This game has so much potential but its being wasted and nothing usefull is coming from these updates."
,Recommended,264140,24055372,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,oxymoxy9,"This game is great, but little harder than t seems"
,Not Recommended,264140,30319205,Posted: 4 March,all,Mr.Robot,damn it
76561198088205252,Recommended,264140,15157256,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,DamnedWhaleDicks,Advice:1. Teach your pirates to clean up their own fecal matter2. Teach someone to fish & Cook3. KEEP YOUR CAPTAIN AWAY FROM EDGE OF SHIP4. DO NOT ATTACK BIG THINGS. THEY WILL TAP DANCE ON YOUR GRAVE5. Do pirate-y stuff...
,Recommended,264140,15161296,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Sheatheddagger,I uh...I like it a lot.
,Not Recommended,264140,25126983,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Blue Eclipse,This game is dum
76561198065360454,Recommended,264140,24930476,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ProbsZero,Fun pirate action with some little problems other than that it's great.
,Not Recommended,264140,15576636,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Paper Street Soap Co.,I don't know how the ♥♥♥♥ to play this game
,Recommended,264140,23683198,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Epic Goldfish,Pretty OK I guess.
,Not Recommended,264140,12180598,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,RonanHasGay,Not Good Not Bad
,Not Recommended,264140,15921262,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Jerry Sienfeld,Not good.
,Not Recommended,264140,11556095,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,wiggle.avi,boring
,Recommended,264140,16711480,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Rick Astley,Pretty fun 8/10
76561197970232920,Recommended,264140,16322861,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,CrAiGiSh,For $2.This game is worth it ... YAR!!!
76561198006587433,Recommended,264140,8364662,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Pete,Excellent!!
,Recommended,264140,9968642,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Statix,"Pixel Pirates has everything, cute and quircky gameplay, pirates, a pretty cool ship to ship combat system, RPG element with each individual pirate that makes them all unique from one another, a very free and open world, sea monsters and lots of poop on the poop deck. What more could you possibly want? Except for more reasonable rates for hired crew men because you don't want to pay them?"
,Recommended,264140,13196621,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Regis_DeVallis,"This is one of the best games ever. I love 2d scroller games, and this is on the top, underneath Cobalt. I love how the game makes it somewhat easy to play after the first few tries, but it keeps you busy for hours on end. Upgrade, go fight pirates, upgrade again, go fight harder pirates, upgrade som more, fight even harder pirates. And this just keeps on going on and on. I love it. I never get bored as there is always a challenge and something new to do in the game."
76561198038499568,Recommended,264140,9566740,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,AlphaWolf,"awesome game, but its still in development. it needs alot of updates and bugs to be fixed."
76561198023761032,Recommended,264140,10143257,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Carlqua,Fantastic game! Really a lot of fun.Note: I have only just begun but it has a lot of potential met and still potential to fulfill.
,Recommended,264140,10292342,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,thakyZ,This is one of the best games that I've played this month and maybe even this year... 😃4.5/5
76561198059501026,Recommended,264140,11651793,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Droxx,Excellent little time killer i very much enjoy this game would like to see alot more content.
,Recommended,264140,9090584,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Maedhros,"Good game, nice simple fun! Can't wait for the final version!"
76561198056922214,Recommended,264140,9596654,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,BloodyExecutioner286,It's only in aplha but damn it's a lot of fun but it's kind of hard. When i first got it i played it for hours
,Recommended,264140,10039658,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Swagvaro,"Awesome and addictive game, a must buy."
76561198041614149,Recommended,264140,10120481,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Fosselhof,i verry much liket it
76561198088530692,Recommended,264140,10271778,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Anbu,Poop Scoop Simulater 2014 10/10
,Recommended,264140,10379259,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Daymare,"NOT SUPPORT MACafter Install and Run, The message is ""Run file is missing""맥에서 안되요.실행 파일이 누락됬다고 뜹니다."
76561198120298805,Recommended,264140,11436424,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,gtr01,"it is buggy and has plenty of horrible glitches, but they r getting theremy favorite gameaddicting"
76561197963261690,Recommended,264140,11605182,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Johnny Rotten,"I've kind of watched Pixel Piracy for a while, and finally took the plunge... and overall I've enjoyed it.There is a lot of game here, and with that comes good and bad.Basic Concept - Build a ship, head out to sea. Raid islands, pillage ships. Hire more pirates.Your Pirates can level up, and you can choose how to train them thought bumping up stats, and giving them skills through books. Your pirates can also die, including your captain - who can be replaced by a first mate eventually.With ship battles once you've wiped out the opposing crew you can Plunder their ship, or maybe you want to capture their ship, and make it yours. (Or maybe forget to do anything and sail away). Plundering the ship will give you a few ship pieces, and some gold.Eventually you will increase your skills, and be able to see, and explore more of the map, and travel faster while doing it.There are a few bounties you can choose to attempt to collect for a few extra coin in your pocket, and occasionally an interesting weapon or piece of equipment.My experience so far has been... very different from the videos depict. I have a giant ship, few crew, and have it filled with items to build that crew... and of course the odd cannon for good measure. I suppose that's the beauty, you can choose whatever path suits you best.Also, one of my pirates knocked an enemy pirate grappling onto my ship off with poop :)The Good+ Open world, minimal instruction. It might turn some people off, but I've always found something very satisfying about having to learn the game.+ Build you ship as you like. You can make your boat hover if you like --- assuming that's not a glitch.+ Your pirates are a blank slate. Other than the odd stat or skill they start with, they are completely at your mercy as to how you want to build them.+ Groups give added control. - I may be imagining it happening, but putting crew members in the Gunner group has them hanging back, and taking pot shots. Ship Crew will do a mix of melee and ranged. (Haven't experimented with much else)+ Free range to go where you like.+ Surprising amount of start up options. You can tweak everything from the appearance, to your start to how difficult you want various aspects of the game.+ Some weird stuff happens, and when you see it you can't help but laugh.The Bad- Glitches. Ranging from minor inconveniences to half hour time sinks they can be frustrating. I haven't hit any game killers, and they've been good about patches, so hopefully this will fade.- Limited range on pirates cleaning/repairing can lead to the odd pathing melt down.- Removing food barrels with food in can cause you to lose that food.- Cannons can be awkward. Can't place cannon balls while out at sea. Timer stills runs even if you don't have ammo for the cannons on deck. No option to Not fire the cannons if you want to save Ammo.- Much of the game would benefit from a toggle switch, and/or more control over prioritizing.Overall it's a game worth playing. Most of my grievances come from glitches they've been actively working to remove, and they've built a big enough platform they can do a lot with it in the long run."
,Recommended,264140,11623400,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Simo Stoner Loner,This game is interesting. It is fun on the most part but it needs some work and I highlighted some of those things in my gameplay videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uURsPlZWzMsdefinitely know what you're buying before you get this.
76561198121344839,Recommended,264140,11699664,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Trump 2016-2024,"Very fun game. If you've ever played Mount & Blade Warband, it's kind of like that with how unforgiving the game is if you screw up."
,Recommended,264140,9566643,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Greg,Tis be but a very fine game. Open seas all to explorrrrrrrrrrrrrrre. Parrots and pirates everywherrrrrrrrrrrrrrre. Yohoho! Nobody but the hardcore gamerrrrrrrrrrrrs should play thy game. Tis be very harrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrd.
76561198054719963,Recommended,264140,12240000,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Faded,best computer game ever but if you like pixelated games :)
76561198079653142,Recommended,264140,11592742,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Algaytr,"Pixel...Piracy... gg, good game, (c 2014, pre-accesse is when im typing this, so the game is most likely EVEN better in the future). The best part of the game in my opinion is the bounty and earned rewards that make you better so you can get better rewards and so on, the combat is smooth, fun, funny and epic (depending upon the size in numbers of your hired crew). It has all the adventure you could ask for and creation + IMMMMAAAAGINATION you could ask for just like in terraria (another game by the ones who made pixel piracy) and (dare i say) minecraft."
76561197968284529,Recommended,264140,11609595,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Jmoo (Trading),"Pretty fun game, loot, attack, build a ship.  Looking forward to future patches!"
76561198064663765,Recommended,264140,10047682,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Outupowlound,"Great sandbox game, needs multiplayer though."
,Recommended,264140,10113684,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Olipower509 龍王,One of the best pirate games I've ever played! :DIt's a must-play if u ask me! :3
,Recommended,264140,11386517,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Laurgo,This game is very unique. Its alot of fun and has great potential. Im really into the side scrolling open world that the game offers. i also think that the ship building works well. i look forward to seeing this game progress.
76561198014437742,Recommended,264140,11590915,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Finn,Absolutly Sheer Genius!!! Needs More Missions and Objective..
,Recommended,264140,11588731,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,bubzyg,"jumped on ship, crapped on it, jumped off and got murdered by a skeleton 10/10"
76561198131453762,Recommended,264140,13001310,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,MCSnapTurtle,"this game may be buggy but it is early access so the bugs WILL get fixed. New content is also being added right now. Worth it, but it is NOT A FINISHED GAME so dont expect too many features currently."
,Recommended,264140,9585025,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Kall3_,Hard but fun game! 7/10!+ its just beta/alpha
,Recommended,264140,9687245,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,We Need Communism,This is a very fun and enjoyable game. However you have to keep your nerve on silly mistakes like leaving crew on a island and sailing away. Alos minfull saving is a good idea. A easy game to learn insanley difficult to master
76561198067885307,Recommended,264140,10154835,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Suppapa,It's Got Pixels!
76561198090977094,Recommended,264140,10209479,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,v7 | Action Dan,"Pixel Piracy started out as a bad game but after outstanding work by the devolpers It has turned into one of the best games I've ever played, I high;y recomend this game!"
,Recommended,264140,11385978,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Hennigan,great
76561198078467713,Recommended,264140,11582324,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,HNDRX,poop
76561198027347463,Recommended,264140,11589183,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Riddikulus,"I'll try to make this quick.The game is good. It has flaws. It has flaws that are pretty much giant hangnails sticking out of theside of the game. Some, if not most, are quite game breaking. Moral seems to be the biggest problem.If your crew is happy, they operate the way you intend them to (for the most part). If they are pissyyou need to get them rum. Either in a tavern or on ship itself. That sound easy but the big flaw isgold. You need gold to do everything (which it is easy to get gold, just not very much of it). If thecrew member is unahppy he will pretty much ignore your commands and sit still wherever he got mad at.Which means if you just so happen to not have any spare gold to buy kegs, that pirate(s) isn't goinganywhere. Even if you happen to be in town where a tavern is (which restores moral for free), thatpirate would rather sit on your ship and be pissy than go get a drink. This also means if he happensto throw his temper tantrum on an enemy ship, or an island, or wherever - hes gone. He isn't commingwith you and all the time, gold, skillbooks, everything you put on your crew member is moot. You caneither just kill him or do a rage restart like I do.The only other problem I can say that is pretty much annoying is that you can have 'decor' on yourship that will either add xp, or strength, or intelligence or w/e to a specific crew member that is using the'decor'. Books give int. Barbell gives str. Ect. Thats all good, but if you have a crew member with fishingand you damn well need some food, don't expect him to fish. Hes gonna take that fishing poleand go use the decor items to make the pole 'better'. Sounds good, but he never fishes with thedamn thing.The game has improved quite a bit since it's alpha/beta?* but still needs some work.It's def. worth $5 bucks. It'll def be worth $10 bucks once the game is fleshed out. If the game getscompletely redone for the better and the game works the intended way it should, i would even suggestit might be worth up to $15 dollars. Might. In it's current state, 5-7 bucks isn't so bad, but def. nota penny more. Its nice to play, and if the devs work on it the way they say they would, then it's worth it.I hate hate hate hate using cheats in a game that I haven't already beaten once without cheats.Cheats just gives a game replayability to me. However this is the first game i've played where youkinda need a small money cheat just to get started. :/  I'm fine with the money famine but whenyou're almost always needing to buy the small things just to keep your crew together you almostnever have anything left over to progress further. The income does not match the output you need."
76561198033479175,Recommended,264140,13725097,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hajduk,"I give this one a cautious ""yay"".It's a fun little game that you can play for several hours before the annoying bugs become too much.  The game is currently on sale for $2 and for that price it is fine.The bugs are numerous though.  As others mentioned, your peeps simply do not always obey even when they are fed and morale is high.  When they have 2 jobs, they often completely ignore one of them.  Also, once you get a large enough crew and levelled enough, the game simply loses the challenge.But dammit, it is still fun somehow even though it has no right to be.... at least in small doses."
76561198031089355,Recommended,264140,13722860,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Chaotixgamin,it id kind of good
,Recommended,264140,30595935,Posted: 18 March,all,P2 Frøsty,"Really enjoying it, never getting old for some reason"
76561198183520997,Recommended,264140,23827333,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,gigglegoats,it is very fun and creative. it makes you feel like your a real pirate.
,Not Recommended,264140,23815364,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Undercat,Not much of a tutorial. Found myself not really knowing what to do.
,Recommended,264140,24739413,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Billy The Adolescent Goat,"Love this game, while some bugs were present in earlier versions this game now has enjoyable content. It's a great time waster and really enjoyable when you want to relax but don't have time for the more time consuming games like Bioshock.8/10 would swab the poop deck again"
,Not Recommended,264140,17431264,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Summerwind,DO NOT BUY! This game is BROKEN! Sometimes your characters can't even move! It's not even all that fun either.
,Recommended,264140,17428178,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,NotCYF,"Game has improved alot from the initial release, where the game was unpolished and as buggy as DayZ.I've played it again finally, and it is actually a very enjoyable game now after the (free for old users) re-release.I dunno but this is one of the best RPG experiences i've had in a pretty long time(other than replays of older RPG's)Thanks Developers!"
,Recommended,264140,23976983,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Teriyaki-Sama,I like this game probably 50% because of the art styleI want more games with that art style.
,Recommended,264140,15524267,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Tiger 360,"Great game, Had much fun. Got a crew, Payed them and then went on attack, Won  attack, crew killed me, restarted. Very wow. Would spend 1000 gold on crew and die again."
,Not Recommended,264140,13272946,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Findu,got boring in 2h...that couple more hours i got are cuz i farmed some trading cards
76561198064865140,Recommended,264140,32377880,Posted: 12 June,all,Zalabim,"definitely one of the best singleplayer games for me. It has strategy, stats, in-depth party management and quality stat distribution and gameplay. I really appreciate this game and it has been one of the best pirate games I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,264140,16817519,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Lemonade,BLOOM BLOOM BLOOM BLOOM BLOOM BLOOM BLOOM BLOOM BLOOM BLOOM
76561198131973257,Recommended,264140,13101196,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,fordshelby87,An Awesome Game that lets you enjoy the feeling of a pirate!
76561198179915687,Recommended,264140,21868796,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,johnludovilch,─────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good Game███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█
,Recommended,264140,21876849,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,JOG,"Very addictive game. Unfortunately not really expanded, but honestly I would recommend!"
,Recommended,264140,24319384,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,tuberculosis cs.money,Awesome game. Fun.
76561198037626642,Recommended,264140,33830679,Posted: 27 July,all,Admrilowl,"avast ye scurvy bilge rats, hoist the yard arn, splice the mainsail, yar"
76561198135015976,Not Recommended,264140,14364243,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,swag2004,I GOT NO A THING TO SAY.
,Recommended,264140,14398882,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,💣ALLAHU AKBAR™💣,This is a fun your own style sandbox. Were you can pick what you whant to do for the entire game
76561198091591509,Recommended,264140,14407211,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dayman,"Such an amazing game from the friendlies and most generous devs I've ever seen.  If you want a beautiful retro style game, this is it!"
,Recommended,264140,14654334,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,W0Lv3h,My friend died of laughing at the photo on the desktop...10/10 would kill my friend again.
76561198141520453,Recommended,264140,14303356,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Nacho,7.8/10 too much water
,Not Recommended,264140,20126632,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,buildbanner,walk to the rightdie of killing an oysterlogic2016
,Not Recommended,264140,31180135,Posted: 16 April,all,SheepMarine,Boring
76561198073975642,Recommended,264140,14784103,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Finnster1012,This game is a fun pirate sim that makes it difficult and entertaining at the same time
76561198111497574,Recommended,264140,15547341,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Whale Jesus,YOU CAN HAVE AN ACTUAL PANDA AS A PET WICH ALLOWS ME TO GIVE THIS A TEN OUTTA TEN WOULD BANG AGAIN
76561198116503415,Recommended,264140,13348120,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Corrupted_Luna,"*dramatic music* Why you no die?! *thirty min. later* I won't stop *a day later* Yes, your dead! *destroyed a crate* Hey, those things take  long time to break."
76561198078502177,Recommended,264140,17514187,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,aido,good gem
76561198148235808,Recommended,264140,14655614,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,greenfire714,Fun game at first controlls were wierd After playing and playing this game has become realy fun i have already played 7 hours in 2 days of playing this i hope the creators will make amazing updates to this GREAT game
,Recommended,264140,25848984,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,JaptainCack69,frist steam gmae i borgjt
,Recommended,264140,27563145,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Total Takeover,My chicken is a blacksmith... don't question his choice of career...(he also knows how to read...)
76561198095825663,Recommended,264140,27754381,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BetterCallSaul,Great game 10/10
,Recommended,264140,27762519,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PTommyV,A crew member tried to kill me to become the leader.
,Recommended,264140,22539004,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,EPIX,"Haven't play this game much, but it's pretty good."
76561198213256036,Not Recommended,264140,20731093,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,FormulaSnail261,"Graphic quality was horrible, would not buy"
,Recommended,264140,9554999,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Weavaloid,"I've to say I really gotten into this game, perhaps this game doesn't have a story... but holy hell this game is great!If you're into pirate and rogue like games, then this is for you, no really, you should buy this game now!This game has what every pirate game needs and it's really addicting, it even has a great sense of humor.The main thing I had with this game that I need to get used to the controlls, it seems a little bit confusing at first.But once you master it you're off to go and conquer some pirate ships.The only thing I could wish for in this game is a bit more of a character customization than a random character selection or perhaps even a clothing shop.It's more or a less suggestion, since you already can customize loads of things in the game.Other than that, I think this game is great, a well deserved game for a good price!"
,Recommended,264140,34302538,Posted: 17 August,all,PYRIS[XFYR],WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ DID I JUST WITNESS...K so i spawned and set all my stuff up kay. Then I travelled to a safe island okay still with me??? Good then my one crew member turned on me slapped me off the starter boat... I just started my game mind you. And i drowned...WAHT THE ACTUAL ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,264140,26104168,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,PIECEofTOAST,"It's just... Dull. I bought this when it first came out and I just came back to see how much it had been updated and apparently... Very little. When the game first came out it was buggy and boring, and seeing that it hasn't been updated much I can't imagine that has changed."
,Recommended,264140,17228700,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Rolie Polie Olie,When you start there is a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥on your deck so for a while you actually have a poop deck10/10 would poop again
76561198125720323,Not Recommended,264140,22405167,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Spike10557,The reasons I dislike this game1. This game is WAY to difficult it basically explains nothing in the beginning and i ended up being lost2. This game is boring like REEAALLY boring I got bored in 1 hour3. this game is not worth $9.99 I was lucky and got it on sale for $7.00 and it's still not worth that muchI do not recommend this game
,Not Recommended,264140,13618554,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Inaniman,I have buyer's remorse over something I paid $2.50 for.
,Not Recommended,264140,13827814,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Bountybooty,this is bad. dont get it. its waayyy too complicated for me and everyone else who cant spend too much time with games.
,Recommended,264140,16443997,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lyub12|what is life?,"THIS GAME IS SEXY, AWESOME,  and used to be cheapI am a captain..got a sexy ship, a awesome crew, and a desent amount of gold...WHAT ELSE DO I NEED"
,Recommended,264140,32577610,Posted: 19 June,all,eXtRo,The game is diffrent from others in a good way though it is 2d I would recomend it but if you play too much it gets boring so play in small bits!
76561197982198805,Recommended,264140,32653914,Posted: 22 June,all,DemoXVX,Okay game.
76561198059612278,Not Recommended,264140,16803348,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,JMC,Yeahhh even with the updates this game is far from finished. If you haven't played it in the last 6 months you'll be happy to know it's less buggy however (occasional scurvey assasinations can still take place though).Solo captain mode is fun... I guess... Kinda gets repeditive after a while.
,Not Recommended,264140,35066800,Posted: 19 September,all,Sean,dont remember this game
,Not Recommended,264140,35112569,Posted: 21 September,all,Arturo,Save Pirate Lives! They Matter!Do not buy this game!
,Not Recommended,264140,31881200,Posted: 21 May,all,Staraka,never click that download button
,Recommended,264140,34247890,Posted: 14 August,all,Seabear,👍
,Recommended,264140,34965058,Posted: 14 September,all,sharkbloodr,If your willing to grind in the begning this game is ok.
76561198071304594,Recommended,264140,13065893,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Chivalry Is Dead,Got to genecide an island of pandas 10/10 would sail again
,Recommended,264140,13028180,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,⎛⎝LUFFY⎠⎞,This game is just too GOOD ! Price is right and Game is Good !
,Recommended,264140,10588291,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The Dovah's Talon,good mother&*$#ing game
76561198010762793,Recommended,264140,10028576,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,BizzyBeast,"Pixel Piracy is a pretty damng cool game. Nothing like it is currently on the market. Youre at the mercy of RNG (random number generator) a lot of the time, but its done well enough to where its not too obvious. Customization has gotten much better over the last year ive had this game. Truthfully I play it for a week straight, then run into issues or bugs, and I put it down for a month. Those issues, plus new content, are then fixed/added. Feels almost like a new game each time. However there hasnt been a build of the game ive played without at least one HUGE issue. I think the game is over priced at 15$, I got it for 5$ and im positively happy with having got my money's worth."
76561198003174259,Not Recommended,264140,13441874,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,CrankyCoon,"I don't really get the point of the game.  It isn't overly fun, and the constant crap everywhere just makes it stupid.Uninstalled after an hour or so.  If you want to get it a try, wait until a good sale comes along."
,Recommended,264140,28701387,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rut420,Cool and Good.
,Recommended,264140,14254393,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,durpdurp12,"VERY IN SHORT : Conditional Recommend! Ambitious game which disappoints with shallow mechanics, yet can still entertain! Buy on sale if you like its pirate concept!-----Pixel Piracy is a unique little game with many interesting ideas on board, but overall fails to deliver on most of them with sadly shallow game mechanics and a very clunky UI. However if the concept they are pitching appeals to you, it is not hard to sail through quite a few hours messing around building different ships and acquiring and training a crew into full blown battle-hardened pirates.There really is no other game that I know of which offers exactly what Vitali Kirpu and Alexander Poysky have dreamed up here. Indeed other pirate games exist on the market which do a lot of what Pixel Piracy does, and in most cases they do it better. However the ability to create your own ship from scratch, and hire individual crew members to man it into ship to ship battle, or an island raid alongside you certainly adds a certain charm to this game which sets it apart from the rest in the pirate genre. Unforunately the most endearing part of the game is marred by exactly what should enhance it. Exploration can be tedious as all islands look essentially the same, and contain little to nothing to do outside of fighting enemies. (Though there are towns, they aren't much better.)All in all I feel that this is a game that, had the developers put in a little more love and the necessary time to flesh out the existing mechanics and add a few new ones, could have been the next big indie game. Though as it stands it feels more like an Android or iOs game, I can only recommend one to pick it up while its on sail (yahar!), but only if you are a fan of the genre or the concepts on offer appeal to you.-----Note: I understand that although the game is technically 'released', they have hired someone who is currently working on Pixel Piracy updating and adding new content to the game. If my opinion changes based upon this, I will update this review."
,Recommended,264140,15003839,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,zaabi1995,Can't play this in Mac as the CREW menu doesn't want to open in Mac.*Edit* Managed to make it work by changing the resolution.A great game actually! Recommended!
76561198049784917,Recommended,264140,21523993,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,YouAreWorthIt,"This game is amazing to me1. You have skills you can pick up from towns like cleaning the deck of poop(LOL) or combat mastery, and fishingCOOL FACTOR 102. Beautiful travel system, click on the map to set your destination, than watch the percentage on the top right telling you how far you are from your destination, did I mention before you get there you get juicy random encounters!3. Stat system where you get to design specifically each crew member on how you'd like to tailor them, beautiful4. The weapons in the weapon shops in towns each have their own pros and cons, which leads to a plethora of battle strategies!5. Seagulls♥♥♥♥♥♥on your ship sometimes, a lot of good lol moments in the game6. One of my god damn crew members had a passive skill that made him eat way too much food than usual, so picking your crew is vital as well...also.. rofl. FAT♥♥♥♥♥7. The art is so unique it is very pleasant to look at, I love it.8. The game reminds me of oregon trails, but with ships, you are excited to find out what will happen next.9. Customizing your own ship and building it how you want can lead to wonderful discoveries about yourself, like a car says a lot about a person, well...the way you build your ship will say a lot about you! Strategy lovers eat your heart out.Highly recommend the game but, alas we all long for something, and this is what I would like to see1. An expansion involving more dialogue with random encounters, morale choices, maybe involving whether or not to get involved if someones held hostage on a boat but, she's pregnant!♥♥♥♥♥♥like that.2. Voice acting for everything because that always makes a game feel more alive and a lot cooler3. Factions, who doesn't like factions? Pick who you want to roll with, the deadly sea pirates who care nothing about anything but the booty ARRR!!!, or... a lawful faction who would love nothing more but to put pirates out of there misery for the greater good!♥♥♥♥♥♥like that.I could go on with many ways to improve the game, but this mainly would give it more longetivity, and boy is the game beautiful, I have a feeling if it is worked on properly it could be turned into a major hit!So  there you have it, my review on this AWEsome gameHope you get to experience the wonder of this game, as I did.Signing out,AngryGoat"
,Recommended,264140,11505030,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Arasine,Stupidly addictive game :)
76561198055217549,Recommended,264140,18938523,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,NąviǥąƮǿř ℭ℘τ | Console Peasant,*DEAD* 10/10
76561197978158301,Recommended,264140,18153325,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,George,Simple but addictive little game.
,Recommended,264140,21973220,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,tetenric/frikinin,"I liked the game, but it is not explained how to advance or where to go to succeed. OST is decent and controls are ""meh"". 6/10"
76561198193743090,Recommended,264140,22878123,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Polaroid_,=D
,Recommended,264140,22950798,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,kitsunee,it ok~
76561198090886555,Recommended,264140,23944424,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Faze LockPick,"Lots of fun, has 3 modes so you can play over and over in more complicated versions! Updated a lot and doesnt need a good computer to play and i know because i play on an 6 year old lap top. Once in a wile you will suffer the worst thing a charecter going over board for no reason wich instantly kills them. Has problems with cleaning, i have 8 people with the ""clean"" perk and they still dont clean. i have had hours of fun and my longest game lasting 12 hours."
76561198074204175,Recommended,264140,18136525,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Meep,This game is great! Though i think they could make this into a great app if it hasnt already
,Recommended,264140,18158652,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Taylor Hebert,"Pirates, lots and lots of pirates.No other explaination needed."
,Recommended,264140,18242874,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,HunterPlaysGames,"Great game, but needs idk a few more small additions like new parts that you can attach to your ship. 9/10"
76561198077780973,Recommended,264140,9783049,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Just So Done RN,Don't let the name confuse you this is a great and very coustomizable game! I HIGHLY recommend this game!
76561198104481278,Recommended,264140,9789771,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,gotisch,"Works under linux. Sound is a bit loud sometimes, but game is fun!"
,Recommended,264140,12519892,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,LittleMikey,Any game which features these patch notes:Improvements:Temporarily disabled flying poop damageDeserves your full and undying support.
76561198035606602,Not Recommended,264140,12736158,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Lord Squibleton,"Game is honestly boring, within the first 1.5 hours of playthrough i realized that i had wasted my cash on the game, my only respite is that i had a coupon for it, anyway, the gameplay is quite repetitive. It is basically go to island recruit ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pirate mates, do random ship battle, find random island rinse and repeat. Not to mention in my honest opinion that the combat itself looks terrible. The only real pro i can see is the music. My advice, only buy this game on sale or if you are a risk taker as i was."
76561198058278433,Not Recommended,264140,23294137,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Stowenkiller,Just don't. They ♥♥♥♥ed up.
76561198031322978,Not Recommended,264140,26029602,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,NovaDream,Waste of money and time.
,Recommended,264140,25258823,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Tap.Water,10/10 better than the No Man's Sky
,Not Recommended,264140,13004025,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Chumbawumbler,"They could've worked on the tutorial more, this game is confusing as ♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,264140,11519262,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Vortex,"I bought it since it's now not longer early access. This game is pretty funny, but still have gamedestroying bugs. This is a no go for a ""released"" game. So be careful if you want to buy: it is still not finished and buggy"
,Not Recommended,264140,12769902,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Ignacio,Difficult to understand and when you finally do figure out how to play it's pretty boring. I had high hopes for this game.
,Not Recommended,264140,12991826,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Spook Rooster,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. The ONLY sounds you'll hear are the same few quotes over and over again and not the sounds of the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor combat.This...this is just insultingly bad. I can't ♥♥♥♥ing believe it.
,Not Recommended,264140,23297110,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Wanna Duck?,"The story behind the 10 minutes Lucas played this game:Oh look a game that looks fun and were made by the same people who made Terraria and that game was very fun.Then i purchased it for 2,49€.Started the game to see that i was totally confused. I tried to watch a YouTube tutorial but it was way to messy.After like 7 minutes of constant confusion until i almost hit myself in confusion. Then i thought, hey can't i refund this game? Then i refunded it and got back my 2,49€ and this game will still be unplayed by Lucas.The End...GG, nice meme ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,264140,11930370,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,BarraStoop,I'm reporting the creator of this game to the FBI. Piracy is wrong.
76561198127568199,Recommended,264140,12143804,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Disapproval,I was killed by turtles 10/10
,Recommended,264140,28004699,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,J∀DEX,very fun althogh very repetitive
76561198068866130,Recommended,264140,30090917,Posted: 21 February,all,Not An Alien,"Pixel Privateers is much better, Go buy it now"
76561198098058030,Recommended,264140,12483977,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,McMicky,Absolutely a fun little game that will bring hours on end of fun and laughter.
,Recommended,264140,12964983,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Furosutobaito(Can),"Fun to play , I like it"
76561198036560559,Recommended,264140,12334676,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Fluffy_Stuff,"This game sinks all competitors. This has to be the best pirate game out there, love it so much i can't stop playing."
,Recommended,264140,12368496,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,JoshW,Hardest Game Ever
76561198072618128,Not Recommended,264140,10788602,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,nnuke,Another indie pixel game... but w/ PIRATES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,264140,12634189,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,zxco,"Perhaps I am an idiot.. but I quickly got to a point where it was not clear how to proceed. Maybe a brief tutorial would have helped, I believe maybe I made some bad decisions but not really sure. Wasted an hour of my life and deleting this."
76561198132847680,Recommended,264140,31571778,Posted: 5 May,all,DokuSign,10/10
76561198051870397,Recommended,264140,11385612,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,JustDeWitt,Greate game love it!
76561198125658643,Not Recommended,264140,21008016,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,John MacClane,"BOOOOOOOOOOOFirst off all, my computer cant handle this :(, which I dont mind. Secondly YOU CANT GRIND lvl 1 PIRATE SHIPS. I cant even build to my hearts content. It also takes way to looooooong to start to get building supplies. I had my fingers crossed that you could buy and build your own island but you cant.Worst of all, it is VERY CONFUSING AT START.Pls add those and I wont refund. I would also really like co op.Other than that, nice voices of people and music. (:0)"
76561197972092256,Not Recommended,264140,11528011,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Flea_Friend,"I like the premise:  building your own ship, sailing across an open world picking up loot and picking off pirates as you please. However, the execution is sorely lacking.Everything about your pirates must be micromanaged. You'll want to spend your time being a pirate, but instead you'll be pausing the game every few seconds to feed your braindead crew. And when they start getting unhappy, don't count on them to give you any indication of why they've suddenly started getting sick of you much faster than normal.Certain elements simply do not work. Amenities for the ship claim to boost morale, yet they go completely unnoticed by a crew that would prefer gormless staring. And since the crew cannot be given direct orders (beyond ""go to this spot""), getting the crew to follow orders, or at the very least act in their best interests, requires wishful thinking.Late in the game, I suddenly found I was unable to board ships because I was ""not at a boarding range"". Ostensibly, this is something to encourage you to use cannons, but the restriction would randomly break down, causing individual crew members to board enemy ships and be slaughtered by the crew at large.I wanted to get into this game, but it has the distinct odor of a title that was rushed to get out of Early Access. Maybe the developer will fix some of the glaring issues, but I wouldn't recommend getting the game in its current state."
76561198000873071,Recommended,264140,11508808,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Lemmium,"An absolute must buy! I bought this way back in Early Access and was so glad I did, it was probably one of the only games (if not the only game) that I bought out of Early Access that I did not regret entirely. They managed to go through Early Access and leave it in only a year! Now onto the gameplay:You're basicly a pirate captain in charge of a pirate ship + crew. You go around sailing, boarding, cannon'ing, and exploring islands. It's a ton of fun with a lot of whimsical humour. The game really starts to shine when you realize you can level up your captain and crew, rebuild your ship in any imaginable way possible, learn new skills like fishing, repairing, medicine-using, etc. Also the complete shennanigans that your crew gets into during the game is awesome.Not sure what else I can say but 10/10 would totally recommend to everyone!"
,Recommended,264140,13506412,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jeff(ery),"One of the best games I've ever played, it may seem confusing at first but once you get the hang of it its a blast! ignore all the negative ratings as they rated in during early access, and most of the bugs I read on their comment are fixed."
76561198074296781,Recommended,264140,12877757,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,PeopleIdentify,this game is awsome and cool you get your own crew and weapons its great cap'n glitchanator forever
,Recommended,264140,14698717,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,alex,We are going on a trip in our favourite pirate ship
,Recommended,264140,13358086,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,1nd33d,Best Game Ever Review Over
76561198053315259,Recommended,264140,16330335,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,R.Y.N.O,The stupidest game you'll ever play!
,Recommended,264140,15502645,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Mr Faorry,"umm, i killed a chicken?"
,Not Recommended,264140,12930179,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,boy with a -40,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,264140,32904022,Posted: 27 June,all,LowRiderM,Is good
76561198115574327,Recommended,264140,33064126,Posted: 30 June,all,PeKafee,Even tho is abandoned and flooded with bugs. It is still a pretty fun game to play
76561197986715648,Not Recommended,264140,10029113,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,KaossoaK,Very unforgiving game that makes you feel rushed the whole time you play it because of hunger or your team's temperment.I just cannot recommend it.
,Recommended,264140,15670966,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Chaken,this game is amazing fun. worth the money but would be better with multiplayer
,Recommended,264140,21026922,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,tezzmosis,This game has come a really long way! What I'd call an 8-bit wonder. 10/10!
,Not Recommended,264140,12207147,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,╲⎝⧹Marvin42⧸⎠╱,CleanUpYourFriends♥♥♥♥♥imulator2014
,Not Recommended,264140,19518143,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Bernie Sander is Lit!,"Who are the real pirates here, us the player, or the greedy devs who never patch smh"
76561198143461009,Not Recommended,264140,15986270,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,[VR] Thomas Cochrane,DON'T BUY. The controls are terrible. It has a crap interface andis unfished
76561198053481489,Recommended,264140,10799191,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Blario,"DO WHAT YOU WANT CUZ A PIRATE IS FREE, YOU ARE A PIRATE"
,Recommended,264140,11601754,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,onejondo,This game is Awesome. It's quickly become my favorite goto game. Buy it.
,Recommended,264140,15664756,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Scornado_YT,"This is a great open minded game. I recommend it for everyone. Its cheap, epic and mostly ADDICTIVE"
76561198179807501,Recommended,264140,25445351,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,boatymcbuttfarts,this is a very good game i love raiding a huge boat and stealing it unless i already did that my only complant is that distanes 3 gos slower then distanse 4 why?
,Recommended,264140,12434241,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,HOOB,"Yeaaaah pretty good.  I've completed the game twice, took around 4 hours each time, and have done plenty of screwing around as well.  In it's current state I'd say the game is well worth 10 bucks."
,Not Recommended,264140,14777035,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,pj2996,Waste of time waste of money.Heres what i think you cant get achivements the game makes you run it on a bad screen overall WASTE OF MONEY!
,Recommended,264140,9709469,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Peejay,"This game is cool, you get to be a pirate and all, but i hate when it bugs and my guy falls off while on the rope, I wish you could be a goat in this game"
,Not Recommended,264140,15873538,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ThreeKMafia,want to hear a joke theres an update
,Recommended,264140,15619928,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ビバップ,8/10To be completed.
,Not Recommended,264140,12301809,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,tavanuka111,"This game has no starting up tutorial, i thought it would be fun.. but how can it be fun without any basic tutorials? of course there is F1.. but eh."
,Not Recommended,264140,13514070,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,AKnightAlone,Tried to fight a turtle. Died. 2/10
76561198053237116,Recommended,264140,14439344,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Sayuwarrior,Dem Pixels
76561198147911738,Recommended,264140,14603717,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,30 Floppy Disks of Porn,Yes
,Recommended,264140,16375039,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dwibblez,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
76561198157371308,Not Recommended,264140,15156857,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Random Guy,This game doesnt let me use my keyboard! or it does but when i push ANY button like the space when it tells me to it just flashes the shop thing. Ive had to restart my mac 4 times just trying to get out of the game. Not Recommended.
,Recommended,264140,9564033,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,casey28xxx,"Well worth the money, thats all you need to know."
,Recommended,264140,9555589,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Pablo Escobar,You play as pirates who do not know what pooping is so they poop anywhere at anytime11/10
,Recommended,264140,9613320,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Slimeosuarus,this is the best game of 2014
76561197998887299,Recommended,264140,10001633,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Sniblet,5/5
,Recommended,264140,9953581,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,maDEMOman,VERY addictive game all though kinda buggy.but hey. it is still in alpha/betaDEN OUDDA DEN!
,Recommended,264140,11591278,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Tap Water,There is a boat on pirate danger 3 where there is a person stuck behind a ladder and i can finnish the battle.
,Recommended,264140,10284984,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Goodnight,"ARRRR!!!!yeah, this game turned me into a pirate XD"
76561198049224816,Recommended,264140,10648008,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hotfridge,My captain got poop thrown at him while sailing the seas and fell off his ship and drowned. 11/10
,Recommended,264140,12177858,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,SUPER YARAK,I've barely played it but it's wet and tight in the right places.
,Recommended,264140,11167729,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Darthsaber125,Better graphics than AC4
,Recommended,264140,11627320,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Angel,"Well, after 20 hours playing this game I can say this : This game is fun and addicting. Why? Because of the gameplay elements. Building your own ship with the parts of defeated foes. Upgrade your crew with skills and stat points. Giving them a sharp knife and a ranged weapon. Upgrade even your weapons! I would like a hardcore options, for testing my skills so far. Let me give you a few tips along the pirate way :- Give every crew member one skill, like cooking or fishing but not both. Don't bother give them a third skill that mess everything up- Plunder the ships of enemy pirates after you defeated everybody on that ship (except animals) That's the way you get rich early on.- Stock rum and food up. To keep your crew happy and moody. (Soup is the best option)- Sell stuff you really don't need. Plus don't buy stuff you don't need.And yes, the game has bugs at some point while playing for a long time. Crew members having difficulty returning to your shop after you killed everybody because you blasted everything apart with cannons before boarding time. And true, this game is difficult, but rewarding at times with loot. I'm played on normal so far, and I'm going to have a shot at Hard next playthrough. But I recommend this game for the player that like rogue-like games, loot and the pirate way of life!"
,Recommended,264140,11704574,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Quilcerin,Love it!
76561198013616099,Recommended,264140,12645474,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Dogdown2,I enjoy playing this game it is simple not only in the gameplay but in the graphics too. When buying this game it is true you get what you pay for but I found it to be worth the $10 its being sold for.
,Recommended,264140,12473990,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,jakSkeleton,"Really really fun, i do have to day the feeding aspect is a little wonky and some aspects aren't really explained , but if you're willing to look up two or three things then I highly recomend this game to anyone that likes rpg's mixed with pixels and 2d side scrolling . Have fun ( which won't be difficult)"
,Recommended,264140,13723689,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Letch47,My whole crew died to a Spiky Bush. 10/10
76561198123294076,Not Recommended,264140,11524702,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,larryfinhouse,"Bought the game an hour ago and i'm suffering from buyers remorse. At first glance the game seemed fun (I love pixel-type games so I was hooked). And then I started playing. The potential for greatness is there, but i'm afraid there are too many bugs, e.g., the controls feel buggy, the ""AHOY MATEY! AHOY MATEY! AHOY MATEY!"" hurts my ears, and a tutorial is lacking for newbies.Should you buy this game? In my opinion, no, you shouldn't, and for a good reason: this game is apparently out of ""early access"" and is ""released."" I will leave this review on a semi-positive note. If they make a few major tweaks to the game, the game could actually be good, but I fear the time for ""big tweaks"" are gone; the game is now released and it's all about polishing the turd until it shines."
,Recommended,264140,13212410,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,froggurts,"Do not be fooled by the cute art style of this game, these pirates arrr fearless and blood flies everywhere."
,Recommended,264140,30608342,Posted: 18 March,all,EyJeenius,Fun little game
76561198039908475,Not Recommended,264140,23314276,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Zoomzagger,"Bought this game because it was about pirates. Got bored playing and regretted buying it.Heard Steam added a new refund system. Instantly refunds product and buys it on something better.In all seriousness, this game was just boring. Sorry if that's all I have to say."
,Recommended,264140,22039535,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Jake,"YARR HARR FIDDLE MY KNEE, I AM A PIRATE AND PIREATE S ARE  FREEEE"
76561198001787779,Not Recommended,264140,14006776,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Wytch,"This game is, how would I say, ""unpolished."" The AI is horrendously inconsistent, pathfinding is absolutely awful, and the game sports the most unfriendly UI I have ever has the displeasure of using.As an example, let me walk you through the string of actions necessary for one of your pirates to say, read a book on how to better crap on the deck of your ship.STEP 1: Hit 'esc' to bring up the main menuSTEP 2: In the left menu bar, click on the 'crew' option.STEP 3: Click on the crewman in questionSTEP 4: On the middle left of the crewmember stat page, find and click on the 'passive equip' slot of his inventorySTEP 5: On the left had side under the menu bar, scroll through your entire inventory (as the game glops every single inventory item, useable, equipabble, or not, into one big list) to find the specific skill book and click on it.The way to even USE items I had to google, as the game provides no instruction and no intuitive path to find any of this information.Crew behavior also seems to follow a very linear order of operations that neither makes sense or is controllable in any way, save for limiting resources such as grindstones or training swords. Spending half an hour configuring what seems to you as a effeciently laid out ship with easy access to cannons turns out to waste half of your shooting phase as your gunners scramble up and down ladders in some feeble attempt to imitate 'Donkey Kong.' Skills sometimes have to be dropped just to force certain crewmembers into certain behaviors.At $5 dollars during the steam sale, this game did at least provide some entertainment, but I can't help thinking that my money would have been better spent on four chocolate bars or three bunches of bananas."
,Recommended,264140,12910655,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,lil elephantiasis,"Completely worth the buy. It's so fun, sailing the seas with your hired crew taking on other pirates. Good graphics for a pixel game too. Gameplay is smooth. All in all, A Great Game! 10/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,14654520,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ZEDD,i dont recommend it for mac users mainly because of its constant liking of not opening. If you make a game make it work
76561198148475410,Recommended,264140,14663603,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Astrocoffee,"Well my first reaction to this game was ""what the f*ckis this crap"" once you get deeper into it, it changes so its ok."
76561198085294362,Recommended,264140,15079837,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,HenryBrine,is cool
,Recommended,264140,21810511,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Soul,A game where you steal old NES games from big developers.
76561198007706368,Recommended,264140,21861982,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Samuria,Fantastic fun. ^_^
,Not Recommended,264140,26239032,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,R3D24,"Completely broken, do not buy."
76561198036701075,Recommended,264140,14688718,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Knowledge,"I probably played the game the most compared to the top 10 or so reviews, I would like to give my two cents. First, I would like to clarify why my time is so high on this game. Basically, every time there was an update, I would start up from scratch and play for a few hours. There was a patch every week and I have been playing this game for about a year. Plus, the early game is where this game shines.Is the game unfinished? Yes, since the game was basically made by one person who didn't have much experience making games, this was to be expected.Is the game bad? Well, it isn't good like a more expensive higher budget titles. It is probably worth half its current steam price. If you don't want to pay for it, the developers put it on♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves (it is called Pixel Piracy afterall.)  If you don't want to  spend money on the game but are curious, just try the whole game demo they given you for free. You might at least enjoy 2 hours of it at least.That said I recommend this game despite its many short comings and in disregard to the good intetions of the development team because I think many people will actually enjoy playing a simple quirky game about pirates. As I see it, the bugs and simple mechanics are part of its charm.The only thing I really dislike is how tavern songs, which fit the game very well, fade out when leaving the tavern just a little bit. You basically never as the captain need to stay in the tavern for more than three seconds. You got things to buy and hunger to keep in check. If they made those songs finish before leaving a town, I would give the game a higher rating.Rating: 5/10A medicore game that scratches that quirky pirate game itch you may not have known you had."
76561198046724503,Not Recommended,264140,14660634,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SQT ¤ Slazh JR.,boring after 3 hours
76561198134931849,Recommended,264140,14694321,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Gourd,"i think this game is awsome!!If you like cotroling a crew of people,fighting, and terraria than this is the game for you.It has ship building and tons of ships you can take for yourself.definetly get thig game i have played 3.6 hrs. DO GET THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198126504087,Not Recommended,264140,20070516,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lardo Retardo,its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it made my feelings cry
76561198010641857,Recommended,264140,17245322,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Ivan Moreira,"Look, its a fun game. Do not expect a great game, with various things to do, great gameplay, great pixel art, great quests, etc.But, still, its worth the price and the fun for quite some time.If anything, I wish the game took less time to get to the place where there actually is interesting fights and less grinding.Wish there was a way to give a ""kind of"" recommendation. So...I recommend when its on sale, I guess."
,Not Recommended,264140,23444023,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,+2,Definitely a niche game for a small audience that can tolerate the punishing and awkard mechanics that seriously cripple the enjoyability of the game.
,Recommended,264140,20515960,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Creamy Meme Supreme,Poop Deck actually became a Poop Deck 10/10 would poop again.
,Not Recommended,264140,20594256,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,nuorimahku65,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
76561198137537715,Recommended,264140,27580941,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sir saucelot (G.E.W.P),i like the intro
,Recommended,264140,18567601,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Jackawesome1324,Is not fnaf 10/10
76561198133613098,Recommended,264140,33436622,Posted: 10 July,all,jackbates,"This game is very good and I appreciate all the time you have put into it! I love the graphics they are very colourful and they are on of the main reasons I play the game. I LOVE the combat and how you can level up you other pirates. I also like how you can go in to town to get resources, or raid the town with those very same cannonballs that you bought from them! The one thing you guys should improve on is how when you get later in the game (level 7+ ships) you have to be constantly raiding other ships to keep up with the food and money demand. You can't beat the ships without a fair crew size so I can't fire my pirates. Could you please reduce the regular wages of the pirates? Thanks and please keep up the good work!"
,Not Recommended,264140,15735435,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Hoose,Just overall boring
,Recommended,264140,14784538,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Locklave,Got eaten by wild dogs on a desert island. 10/10
76561198007534331,Recommended,264140,12929164,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,kingdavis45,You like Pirates and Pixel games and want to pass some time without spending a lot of money?  This may be the game for you.  It's pretty simple to pick up and learn.  You may find yourself starting over because you may think of a better way to manage your crew or your favorite pirate may have gotten his head sliced off in battle.  I really enjoyed the game and it's one of those type games you will pick up later even after you beat it just to pass time.  For what it's worth I give it a 8/10 just beacuse it kept my attention until I beat the game.  I can't really say that about a lot of the games I've bought on steam.
,Recommended,264140,19234792,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Pedro Q.,"Entire crew killed by violent oysters. 10/10, would landlubb'er again."
76561198121203990,Recommended,264140,20307905,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,arschy,"I'm glad I didn't Pirate this game, hahaha, I'll see myself out."
76561198205357979,Recommended,264140,22715460,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,DiamondDW,it is awesome
,Recommended,264140,22882486,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Ridder Blodfattig,Really fun game.Only downside: No controller option
76561198002355790,Recommended,264140,15507795,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,bananaSplif,"Some time ago I would have rated this down. But they have done a lot since release to try and better the game because they knew they screwed up. I love that and I will support this dev team by buying their next game. We need more dedicated people and we need to show them that we root for devs that respect the gamer.TLDR ""best dev team EU - 10/10"" IGN"
,Recommended,264140,28230338,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,CaptainRumBarrels,This Rum Captain be Eyein this with pleasure.Play the game or go visit Davy Jones.10/10 would plunder again.
,Not Recommended,264140,11496691,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Chaonix,"7 minutes...that's all it took. Stupidest game ever. Click movement controls, annoying sound are among the biggest offending aspects."
,Not Recommended,264140,20828542,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,YOU ARE GOING TO JAIL,simply not fun i cant build my boat like what the frick
76561198054806229,Not Recommended,264140,9673258,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Fatman677,"Its a game I would recommend to friends but the controls suck and trying to figure out what your doing sucks. Building your ship would be fun if you could do stuff like cut down tree and craft stuff but no you buy it which sucks. This game has the potential to be as great as Terraria, but not like this, so no I wouldn't not tell it gets easier instructions and some better controls  at first but then I would recommend it to some bring it up to Terraria and I'll tell everyone I can!"
,Recommended,264140,11566634,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Kenuty,"The game is Finally out of Early access and for some reason I enjoyed this game but at the same time felt like it was incomplete. The game is great but the change up to it caused a buncha things to happenw and it ended up being much more buggy now and even much harder to get crews early. The progression seems much slower now.The goal of the game is to conquer the 4 legendary pirates to unlock the key to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥while traversing the world and encountering pirates, monsters, and treasure.Pixel piracy is a side scrolling pirate/rpg/simulation with rogue elements. To play the game you actually have to click. There is no actual control to the combat or anything else as it is automated so your units hit when its their turn. You can take advantage of this by kiting your enemy to get some extra hits in. It feels kinda like a dice roll because there are evades and dodges and depending on the skills you learned from books your pirate will improve.To keep your ship going on adventures you'll have to start off with random stats which can really sometimes by chance be your downfall. If your stats are not great your character will not do great until you improve on the stats by grinding on sailing or destroying enemy. This can sometimes just cause you to want to restart the game entirely creating a new captain. The xp system works by killing enemies, using items, or just sailing. You'll also have to balance out everything by feeding yourself and your crew, paying the salary, and leveling them up with books which uses level up points,  customizing your crew into groups, and  building up on your ship with weapons such as swivels and cannon fire. The design on the ship is really fun since you can make it any way you want. Advance levels will involve cannons and other fun mechanics if you get to it.Though the game offers such fun and quirky mechanics such as shanties, pirates crapping all over ships, fun travel graphics, Animal mounting,  Crap Kicking,  and music, along with great sound effects and music.. The game is suffering from new things such as slow starts, repetitive sail grinds, and low stats character start off which can completely screw you over. I found that the early access was much more fun than the game but if you give it time and invest into the game you'll will find that the later stages of the game gets more fun.+Good Shanties and music+ Rpg Elements and a nice branch of skills you can invest in+ Lots Funny humor+ Great Aesthetics+ Balance your morale, hunger, and stats, remember, Mutiny is bad when you don't pay your crew OR YOURSELF!+ Create your own awsome ship using blocks+ Lots of ship crapping+ Sail the sea and fight legendary pirates+ Pixel graphics, with intense bloom and effects.+ Matrix death sequences+ Hardcore hobos on island+ More hardcore tribalmens on island+ Capture animals+ Hire a poo cleaner to kick crap off your boat!+ Sin with your friends on ships- The start off to the game is slow- annoying bugs that needs to be fixed- It takes a long time to start off, sometimes your stats sucks thats why the difficulty scale is there for you, you'll just have to work hard or restart multiple times- The game scales with you on normal difficulty and it'll get rough so rough you'll just have to start over- Because the game can be challenging expect many loads- Combat is sub par- Randomized combats makes it really hard to fight the hard enemies, it all comes down to luck and stats. Keep the reload button handy because you'll find yourself using it many times"
,Not Recommended,264140,25677815,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Private Baldwick,>Buy this game>Things go well for an hour>Crew doesn't respond to me>Can't even board ships>I pay them and everything>Doesn't work>Get angry at game>Uninstalls because it doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing work
76561198054252018,Recommended,264140,12600249,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Da_Giggles,"This game is surprisingly fun, and slightly addictive , but I feel that the sounds are a bit annoying."
,Recommended,264140,12676796,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Jesus from Texas,"Still in need of some major work, but I've already put a few hours into the game, and don't regret it. If you enjoy rogue-like RPG mechanics, pirates, and a bit of micro-managing, it'll be fun to watch this game grow."
,Not Recommended,264140,8469436,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,doc shifty,"First off, I would like to say that this game is very promising, and would be absolutely addicting if not for a couple things. First, the control and movement system is downright horrible. I mean, click to move? What is this, 2002? BC? Also, instead of any sort of AI, you must tell your mateys what to do. That may not sound bad, but telling them to move to another ship 4 times untill they actually do it is rather frustrating. Also, this may be minor, but I can't get a crew member to move to another ship to attack them. I have to tell them to neutrally walk over there, and then hope that he can knock two braincells together to fight them. If you do not feed a crew member for 5 minutes early game, they will die. Again, you can't manually make them do that, and you just have to hope they figure it out themselves. Also, what elements are there to keep me playing? I mean, in Starbound there is a tier system and when I finish that there are hundreds of planets in 5 systems. This game seems like it would ""end"" when you have done all encounters and visited all places. Another thing, for the developer (I do hope you are reading these) I know that the Unity engine  does seem like it makes it easier to make a full scale game alone, but I truly recommend hiring an extra person or two, so that the game, in the end, looks like a full and very deep game. At it's current stage, I would give this game a 5/10, due to it's stupid control system and the cutting corners that seemed to happen in the development process (c'mon man, make an actual AI system.) If you are a prospective buyer for this game, wait a long while for further updates. This review was written at version 0.4.2.1"
,Recommended,264140,11500417,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,#FreeCockBanger,"I Super love this game a wish that more games were to come out like it. who knows, maybe the next one will be about wizards (from the amount of things said about wizards) or something that has siimilar structure"
,Not Recommended,264140,9036108,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,AchubaNanoia,"Good game, but still very rough aroun the edges. Careful."
,Not Recommended,264140,8438575,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,PreschoolDropout,"This game has one hell of a learning curve. I can't get past the first night. First 5 characters, as soon as I sail out of port, I encounter another ship. I can never excape them, and I can never outfight them. I just die, create a new character, and repeat.  And that is on princess mode. I shiver to think how Dark Souls-ish this game is on any other difficulty. I fully equip my sailors, but it doesn't matter. First level NPCs have guns. I have CLUBS. WE DIE. It's insanely frustrating. And it doesn't even matter where I go, ALWAYS a random encounter. Always a ship or 2-3 dudes. All armed to the teeth. One character had his crew die because BEACH CRABS attacked us while I answered the phone in real life. Frustrating."
76561198054897467,Not Recommended,264140,8536622,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,olan316,"Complete and utter rubbish. The interface is absolutely terrible, the difficulty makes it nearly impossible to survive past your first encounter more often then not. While it's in early alpha, there's really not much to test since it's nearly impossible to live long enough to actually enjoy most of the features that are supposed to be there...Also, since the devs themselves decided to torrent teh game for free, why bother spending money on this?Seriously looking for ways to get refund."
,Recommended,264140,23296764,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Stephen Hawking,"Yarrr scalywagg!Great game!Pros:+Build your ships!+Get your own pirate crew!+Pixels!!!+PIRATES!!!!!!+Pixel pirates that can TALK!!!!!!!Cons:-This game has received some hate.-Lags on my potato laptop when the ship is Reaaaallyyyyy big.Overall, great game, waiting for updates, gonna buy Pixel privateers, love the devs!10/10!"
,Not Recommended,264140,33713256,Posted: 21 July,all,Endangered Cerecopter,Played it for 30 minutes and uninstalled.
76561198156221566,Recommended,264140,12495438,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Setagaya Mari,Im very addicted to this game its the best pirate game in years! for that low price comes alot of enjoyment and some rage but in all its great I totally recommend this and it makes for a great youtube series too!
,Not Recommended,264140,17620700,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Nugget tenders,I don't get it
,Recommended,264140,12178493,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,nivina,"This game is kind of stupid. That being said, your face is kind of stupid, and you've kept that on for this long. So what the hell."
76561198041908611,Recommended,264140,12797998,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ItchyPancake,Amazing game! Can't wait to see what's in store for future updates! Keep up the great work guys!
,Not Recommended,264140,24339068,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Anime Lover,not the best game
,Not Recommended,264140,13355589,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Welkon,"This game is horrific, safe your money...!"
,Recommended,264140,11598942,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,SlaveDeMorto,"This is the game about pirates and their poop. They run around, fight cats, spiders and Chinese. And clean poop if they know how to. Rename your pirates into your real life friends (if you have any) and tell them to clean after you! In fact if two of your friends know how to clean, they will end up fighting for the right to hold your poop. Not literally of course, but they will steal it from hands of each other while trying to kick it off board. Or maybe you would like to do it yourself, I dunno, I won't judge.But in all seriousness it is a great roguelike game. The only downsides of it are stupid AI (you might get really-really butthurt if you play it) and bugs. Some bugs are game breaking. For instance you can have 100% or more evasion. And one man charge into 30+ enemies and non of them will ever hit you. I had to start a new game when one of damage formulas glitched. Meaning that while having more than 100 strength, my pirate should have attacked with 60-100 on each hit, but instead of that he was doing pathetic 10-15 damage per hit. I would still win my battles, but they were ridiculously slow because of this.TL;DR If you are considering buying this game: do it. It is funny and interesting."
76561198066377986,Recommended,264140,30534732,Posted: 15 March,all,Chicken of the Woods,"Excellent game of Piracy on the high seas! The learning curve took me a second to get the hang of the game but now I command a hardy crew of salty dogs and a vessel to take them through the depths.If you are looking for a fun, terraria type game with pirates. Look no further."
,Not Recommended,264140,20935830,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,SK1LLC4P,"absolutely terrible not worth a dollar on sale, although it was a great opportunity to test out steam's new refund service."
,Not Recommended,264140,10395259,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,polarٰٰ ٰٰ ٰٰٰٰ ٰ,"Okay, right now this game is fraking boring and so simple, this game doesnt have any details in it, every island looks like same, everyhting is same, and its not fun sailing, its using fast travel,fighting sucks, everything so far  sucks, I dont recommend to buy this game withouth watching videos and giving you own opinion,I could have used those 14euros for something useful, even steam levels could have been better"
,Recommended,264140,11496076,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,crpack |~iwl~| -LS- -HFE-,y[e]
,Recommended,264140,27496706,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,EdgeL.,"Don't mind my review, doing it just for the badge, even though this is a good game.Keep on scrolling"
,Recommended,264140,24659992,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Loch Ness,argh
76561198117609969,Not Recommended,264140,14646977,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,"""Min mammas"" rullstolar",Its absolutley the worst game ever! Don't even think about buying it!
,Recommended,264140,12825326,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Bunny Boi,I love the cute pixels and art style. It's simplistic and a time consuming game.
,Recommended,264140,9032530,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Tigax,OMFGAWESOME!
,Not Recommended,264140,9488665,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Cap'n Draxio,"It Sucks. No instructions, no nothing. I freaking starved to death or lose my morale. It probably will be fixed in next update, so I wont reccomend it now."
76561198087947169,Not Recommended,264140,30697792,Posted: 23 March,all,LeDeem,unfinished worthless piece of crap dont buy it
,Recommended,264140,13011677,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Lord Faultier,killed a guy with a chicken
,Not Recommended,264140,31186305,Posted: 16 April,all,not worth a bean,worst game i have ever played 10/10
,Not Recommended,264140,11104259,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Hellmanwhy,Stupid...
,Recommended,264140,33143559,Posted: 2 July,all,Garbage-chan,"You are a pirate, yar har fiddle dee being a pirate is so fun to be do what you want because pirates are free, you are a pirate."
76561198299356131,Not Recommended,264140,34380138,Posted: 20 August,all,HuskyHoard,"Me no like, tiss not good game"
,Not Recommended,264140,22698633,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Moodythed,♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,264140,34943870,Posted: 14 September,all,Platy✬,"My butt huts....Voting no, unless you like stuff in your butt."
,Not Recommended,264140,35072592,Posted: 19 September,all,Bryyy,GARBAGE!!!
76561198049595687,Not Recommended,264140,9158794,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Boss Bawss,"Personally, i love this game, but there are simply too many gamebreaking bugs and the save system needs an overhaul.  Wait about a couple months, or until it is released beyond early acess."
,Not Recommended,264140,9763164,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,mightyoldfag,"To expensive, just wait untill the final version releases and it goes on sale for 99cents. It is not worth 15 dollars. BUT GOD I GOT IT 25% OFF!!!! 11 dollars is still to much for this god awful game. You can't even customize your charachter, its just one big random button and stupid repetetive voices."
,Recommended,264140,12977262,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,SlackWinner02,huh?
76561198118480354,Recommended,264140,17470955,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,dashaway,Best game ever so worth it addictive af.All the ppl raging just suck at the game they should go drink some bleach :D
,Not Recommended,264140,11408997,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,CHEN!!!,"I'm writing this review for when I bought it on the steam sale. It was listed as a Mac game, and had no indication that it didn't have mac support yet. I emailed the developers and asked them how we could fix this, and they never got back to me. I wouldn't reccomend buying anything from these devs."
76561198155556024,Recommended,264140,12945865,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,soulus(ソウル),recommending thise is grate once you get the hang of it it gets fun building your pirate ship fun attacking fun cleaning pixil cacasas copped in half no fun but theres a lot of fun involved so give it a chance and enjoy it just enjoy it its not bad in any way but it might have bugs i haven't got to so what apirate is free and you are a pirate hum dittly de p.s. areana mode sucks
,Not Recommended,264140,13506570,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Marzanna,BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORING!!!
,Not Recommended,264140,12104617,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Annispook,me and some friends bought this for the upcoming multiplayer.... WHERE THE HELL IS THE MULTIPLAYER?!??!
76561197975113216,Recommended,264140,20053339,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Trolocoaster,meh
76561198069913534,Not Recommended,264140,16102827,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,InfamouslyNotorious,May i have my refund I honestly had no other game to play and i regret buying this one. No disrespect to your game its just not my type
76561198031076797,Not Recommended,264140,16105705,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Tenkai Valks Rider,Still trying to figure out how to play it... Worst control everrr!
,Not Recommended,264140,17457064,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,§,This is a bad game.I don't like bad games.
76561198057401285,Recommended,264140,12958780,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Pepexd,This game is so amazing! I beat the game in 6 and a half hours but those were the best 6 and a half hours I have ever had while playing a 2d side scroller. I hope there will be more to go with this game. This game is very well made I found maybe 1 or 2 bugs while I was playing. I hope the creators make more great updates and stuff. So I really think you should buy this game it's really really fun and I love the soundtrack. Please make more updates and good things to come to this game. I rate this game 11/10. Breaks the meter because it's so good.
76561197987403641,Not Recommended,264140,10300414,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Dietrich Kopp,"Full of bugs and with no tutorial, so you don't know what to do. Wasted money"
76561198076298870,Not Recommended,264140,9995935,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,xiii,"I did not enjoy this game. It is unclear what to do and how to do it, which might not be a problem if the difficulty was not so high."
,Not Recommended,264140,10202541,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Froggy9400,IT CRASHES MY COMPUTER!!!
76561198046556391,Not Recommended,264140,10041389,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Mr Noodle,At its current state it appears to be poorly optimised.  My machine meets all the requirements (they are definitly low) and yet it runs horribly.  Don't know if I'm doing somthing wrong but it runs quite bad
76561198095044428,Recommended,264140,12244850,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,someone shout me fifa 18,You spend alot of time kicking turds off the 'poopdeck' 10/10
,Recommended,264140,12686883,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Eyescar,Amazing Game to Play when your Bored
76561198066953728,Recommended,264140,12894280,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ПуЛи_От_БаБуЛи,11/10- IGN
76561198071682104,Recommended,264140,24965650,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Tankbug,"words words words, words words words"
76561198021136367,Recommended,264140,11501384,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,mewantie,This game is loads of fun and provides a ton of value. Plus it's one of the few to go from Early Access to complete.
76561198082069507,Recommended,264140,14701685,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,starwarclon,a game that has many refrencesit a funny game
,Recommended,264140,14738006,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Oscarfishthevast,it wont work ive never played it for a long time fix the bug steam or the creator
76561198134649615,Recommended,264140,11923369,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,StarboundLord,5 Things to describe it:PURE AWESOMEGOOD FOR EVERYONEBETTER THAN MINECRAFTDESERVES 100 METASCOREDIAMOND DESERVES INCREASED DROP RATE
,Recommended,264140,14226885,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Frankie_pepe is love,I accidently threw my crew off the shipbest game ever 10/10
,Recommended,264140,23004996,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Impman72,Great pirate simulator 11/10
76561198040970559,Recommended,264140,23041995,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dexter,Fun little game if you have time to kill but do not want to get overly sucked into a game. Very easy to pickup and play.
,Recommended,264140,11554037,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Lobo,ARRRRJOLLY ROOOOGERTHE BLACK SPOT10/10
,Recommended,264140,26256963,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GOM,better than♥♥♥♥♥creed 4 because it's picsels
,Recommended,264140,9602341,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,RobLoach,Works great on Linux!
,Not Recommended,264140,9051104,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,PheonixGRX,"Currently full of bugs. Tried playing it for an hour and experienced bug crashes, the player sinking through the ground and dying (both on land and on his ship), file being wiped, and crew members dying for no reason. Hold off buying this game for as long as you can."
76561198025139009,Not Recommended,264140,9114301,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kimie,This game shows alot of potential but i find that the cost of the game isn't worth it in it's current state. The lack of a guide and strange controls realy threw me and i died several times without realy learning much new. In my opinion until it get's updated into something just a little more friendly i wouldn't recommend it.
76561198070152205,Recommended,264140,23301284,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,E.N.D. Solace,Great!
,Not Recommended,264140,8669914,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,water warrior,Don't buy the game right now. this game with all of its content right now is not worth 15 bucks
,Not Recommended,264140,9503920,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,antonyfrn,Being by the creators Terraria maybe all well and good but this game is just horrific expected alot more from these guys dont waste your cash.
,Not Recommended,264140,9507589,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,YaBoiFurion,this is literally the hardest game ive played in my life. and it was on princess mode. im a pretty serious gamer and i had a huge struggle with this game. id only recommend it if youre a hardcore gamer.
,Not Recommended,264140,8689704,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,obskera,"Even for an early access game the bugs make it nearly unplayable, and when you can play it is boring.NOT worth the $14.99, wait until they make it playable before taking the dive."
,Recommended,264140,32785592,Posted: 25 June,all,4erTихa,Where is russian language?
,Not Recommended,264140,9507165,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,amphbianalien,this game looks like a lot of fun but the game isn't very good from the very beginning first of all the character creation only lets you randomize and second of all even on the easiest difficulty this game is EXTREMELY HARD!!!
,Not Recommended,264140,25460997,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Cave,"This is proof that devs cannot fix what is already broken.The trailer and gameplay looked amazing but when the game launched but the gameplay is lackluster and does not appeal or stand out difficultys are just full of cheap kills because of traitors being random and if your highest turns on you then you will be instantly demolished for no reason, the game crashes for no reason and the music is all over the place some tracks being good and some terrible. Overall the game lacks charm and the devs sure do know that. I recommend you pick up StarBound a much better game."
,Recommended,264140,11711155,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,TOPKEKS,"Kudos to the devs for actually finishing an Early Access title and delivering a great and fun game.Most Early Access titles are hoax's (Take Dayz, they only made that to make money, game won't even be finished and polished in 2020, trust me.)Great game for it's price."
76561198051064120,Not Recommended,264140,9557398,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Helmtower,It would be nice if they told you how to play this stupid game.
,Not Recommended,264140,9936439,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Weber 64,"Wasted $10 on this ♥♥♥♥♥, so needless to say I was a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥To be honest, I bought this by accident, thinking I could use the two mysterious -25% off coupons, but I couldn't because it was already on ♥♥♥♥ing sale, which I didn't even noticeI don't even know what the ♥♥♥♥ to do, or how to interact with anything except talking to this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in a barI guess you could get into it if you knew how to start the adventure in the first placeUnless you REALLY like Terraria, I wouldn't waste your money on this"
,Not Recommended,264140,9613530,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Heartless Master Z,"Ok my friend told me that this game was the bomb. 5 Mins later, I buy and play the game, I wanted to take my computer and throw it out a window on a 12 story building. I sucks you have like one crewmate and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198090832129,Recommended,264140,13716264,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Azcension,"You poop on the poopdeck. 10/10In all seriousness though, this game is awesome. It has improved via builds and (eye)patches and it is a (cannon)blast. YARRGHH"
,Not Recommended,264140,11341195,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Leafenstein,"One of the worst games I've touched within 5 years.Read ""Tutorial"" didn't help one bit, looked on forums, even worst. got things working by random clicking.Combat:  Jankie as ♥♥♥♥. ordered my people to attack one man and the run to the other side of the island while I get hit into the ocean.This game literally gave me a headache within the hourGame dev: Could of done better and made the interactions with the crew simpliar"
,Not Recommended,264140,22640213,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,pineapple,yar this game is ye very shwitty maties
,Not Recommended,264140,34827778,Posted: 8 September,all,Eugene Krabs,♥♥♥♥
76561197976275449,Not Recommended,264140,11365226,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Menace2Society,"Not liking it so far. Buggy, confusing."
,Not Recommended,264140,26347102,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,エステティック 死 zoku,its weird idk
,Not Recommended,264140,13279644,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,wHy aM i aLiVe,"So I bought this game because of the vouchers you get from Terraria. I just have to say that this is the single most satanic, cancer- inducing, gut- ripping, face- melting, child- slaying, dry-humping, mind-♥♥♥♥ing, maternity- testing, ejaculation- delaying,♥♥♥♥♥♥ softening piece of software I have ever come across.I give it terminal illnesses/10"
76561198169867143,Not Recommended,264140,25383501,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,bumblez1632,This game is awefull
76561198141671444,Not Recommended,264140,25407405,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,PowerEagle,its as bad as the poopdeck.
,Recommended,264140,12562642,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Mr.Spooko ヽ( ｡ ヮﾟ)ノ,"First thing first, I dont write reviews, unless I like this game"
,Recommended,264140,31675353,Posted: 10 May,all,GeT_HaRd,awesome game ♥♥♥♥ haters
,Not Recommended,264140,26534043,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Giga Wigga,bad
76561198062970296,Recommended,264140,12686446,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Spartop,"I have been with pixel piracy since the beginning. It was a really enjoyable at first and i still find it enjoyable. The game lets you journey through the open oceans as a pixelated pirate, fighting anything you wish. i recommend to those who love pirates and want a cool pirate adventure, with a customizable ship. Unfortunately, you have to deal with the morale and food system. I dont lke what the devs did with that. It drains too quickly it seems and it is really expensive to pay your pirates. Overlook that and you have a great pirate game."
,Recommended,264140,20549859,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,BoA,ONE PIECE!!!
,Not Recommended,264140,20061207,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TheNorthernKing,"I thought it was cool at first, Well I was wrong.First off all, Controls suck and you can't even change them.REQUIRES NUMBPAD SO IT'S HARD TO PLAY ON A WIRELESS KEYBOARD.]Boring.Not even fun at all.Look at my hours, yes it probally says 75 seconds.Save your money. I am getting a STEAM REFUND as soon as I can, this time I will spend it on something better, such as SHOGUN 2 Blood DLC, Or even a better game.I bought this for 1 dollar and I am requesting a refund. I feel sad if you paid 10 dollars on this pile of crap.with 10 you could buy garrys mod and much more, instead of this boring game. I hate pirates because of this game.I even named my self after Blackbeard, I named myself PIXEL BEARD. Don't be stupid, save your money don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,264140,20071249,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Viable_Golem4375,-Buys game-tries to load-popup window stops loading-gets refund
,Not Recommended,264140,19795798,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Ewokoniad Sigourneth JuniorStein,bad
76561198113210148,Not Recommended,264140,8830635,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,cheesypiglet,"This game is glitchy as heck (I know its still in alpha, but it makes gameplay frustrating).  Once you start a new game, its difficult to get established, as what little money you do make your constantly having to use up to pay your pirates.  Frustrating, repetitive and glitchy."
76561198042956737,Not Recommended,264140,9300930,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,atramentousFirmament,"This is the very most casual game I can play and still justify using my Computer.  It doesn't feel like a game one plays when they want to play a game, it feels like what one plays when they are sad and lonely and waiting for a bus.  Iritating sound effects and voice acting.  The characters take little actual input from the player aside from ""go here"" or ""equip this.""  Huge dissapointment.  As it is right now, not worth the price.  Not by far."
,Not Recommended,264140,9449822,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Moller,Even for an early access game it has gamebreaking errors and design choises
,Not Recommended,264140,11368496,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Smitchface,"Controls are absolutely horrible and with no real tutorial of any form, hard to pick up on, and impossible to enjoy for me :P"
76561198171451149,Not Recommended,264140,29405863,Posted: 21 January,all,penis69,no... just no
,Recommended,264140,15793332,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Evilous,░█▀▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀█░█░░░▀▄░▄▄▄▄▄░▄▀░░░█░░▀▄░░░▀░░░░░▀░░░▄▀░░░░▌░▄▄░░░▄▄░▐▀▀░░░▐░░█▄░░░▄█░░▌▄▄▀▀▀▀█░░░▌▄▄▀▀░▄░▀▀▄▄▐░░░░░░█▄▀▀▐▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░▀▀▌▄▄▄░░░██░░░▀▄░█░░░█░▄▀░░░░█▀▀▀░▀▄░░▀░░▀▀▀░░▀░░░▄█▀░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▄░▀▄░░░█░░░░░░░░░▄▀█░░█░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█▄█░░▄▀░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░████▀░░░▀▄▄▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▄▄█▀
,Not Recommended,264140,16302304,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Ark,Wow the refund feature came just in time for this.
76561198098389641,Recommended,264140,18141357,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Necro-loli-con,OUR GREAT LORD AN SAVIOR DONALD TRUMP HAS PROVIDED THIS GAME FOR US!!! ALL HAIL DONALD TRUMP!!! THE SECOND COMING OF JESUS ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST!!!!
,Not Recommended,264140,9567116,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Kiri the Sloth,"This game is far more complicated then it needs to be.The first problem is teh cotnrol scheme.  You use your mouse to control not only you movemnt, but you crew movment.  If it was just teh crew movemnt then it would be acceptable, but you can't.The AD buttons control the camera and not your left/right movemt as we are used to.I have no expectation of people reading this but the controls are just that I will not recomend this game at all."
,Not Recommended,264140,8601543,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Mythadeus,"I cannot in any way justify purchasing this game right now. Whenever I start I hire 3 crew + the quartermaster so I have the upper hand in fights but then all I have is AI problems they are starving so I feed them. Next I set a course for an island then you see that your crew is full but won't stop eating. Then a battle I send my crew over with some of the worst interface controls and they slaughter the crew. Hooray money but all I get is a ""Pirates leg"" a bottle of rum and about 50 coins. Now to loot the ever present chest right click oh um plunder and scuttle? BOOM I gain no money and lose 2 crew so the fun part . The chest stays floating in mid air taunting me in a way. But wait before I can even question the chest my remaining crew 2 by the way is now commiting mutiny. Sounds good I killed 2 of their friends right well I quickly click away but when I do I accidently click where the enemy ship used to be oh s***. My captain grappel hooks sorry getting ahead here the game designers thought that a novel idea would be that your crew and captain grappel hook onto ships and islands. Anyway he launches the hook  down to where the enemy ship is. Yes he goes straight to the bottom of the ocean touches the ship releases his hook and immediately drowns. But wait theres more for some reason and I cant duplicate this it made me become the quartermaster again you know the one that commited mutiny I play as him for a split second the game realises what it did and gives me game over. Oh and don't think for a second that the ""natives"" to some islands are easy with the AI's only strong point being combat of which they touch you and you gain damage you have to click them which goes unexplained. The natives get throwable spears oh goody they are going to kill you in a matter of seconds. But wait the final ""novel"" idea when you build a ship the crew and birds poo on the deck sorta innovative except for most of the game you aren't in real time which means your ship is covered in crap within the first trip. I do not under any circumstances recommend this for the current price if it gets the necessary patches and content addons by which I mean their isn't much to do the real struggle is getting off the first island with 2 crew then don't buy this game."
76561198055698750,Not Recommended,264140,23294089,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Jakob007,dont buy this game never
76561198335049494,Not Recommended,264140,26189873,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Arckei,"Just a horrible game. total wast of money, lost interest in the first 5 seconds, plus it has the worst graphic bugs i've ever seen, honestly this game is just horrible, dont buy it if you dont want to waste your money."
76561197992962109,Not Recommended,264140,9111305,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,die_2,"Every rightclick I do ,and some of the leftclicks as well, produce an annoying sound effect of a kid saying ""loser"". It's loud enough that cou can't ignore it (louder than the background noise) and you have to rightclick a lot in this game.For me it's not playable atm (atleast with sound on), wasted money"
76561198034305951,Not Recommended,264140,8589162,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Tassadar,"I played this game for about 30 mins. The main problems I can see with this game and the reason why I couldn't continue playing, was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game control. Nothing seems to listen to what I want it to do. They should incorporate more keys top do things rather then the click and drag system and just click for everything ingeneral system, it sucks, and it's wonky. Just my two cents. For now I would not recommend this game, but if the control is cleaned up by release it could be an awesome game."
,Not Recommended,264140,9104366,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bravado,"The reason I am NOT recommending this game is simply because they give away keys left right and center. I advise you to sign up to one of their twitter accounts, curse's twitter acount etc. if you want the game. DO NOT BUY FROM STEAM. It's an early access game and I bought it for full price on the Steam Store, however I have seen SO many keys fly past while checking my twitter feeds and they're giving keys out willy nilly.. sometimes 8 keys at a time. It truely is unfair for those who bought the game on Steam.The game itself is actually quite good. I enjoy playing it. However now, knowing that most people who have bought it are feeling ♥♥♥♥ed over by the developers, I say pick it up free someplace else. One can only guess that the direction of this game is going to be very half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,264140,23692040,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Wayz,Total piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Can't even figure out how to move.
,Not Recommended,264140,12368679,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Boeing 737,shoot yourself if u play this game
,Not Recommended,264140,11548403,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Tr4nzNRG,Bad game...bought it on discount...not even worth $2
,Not Recommended,264140,9445754,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Kate Micucci,I really should have watched a gameplay video before buying this that's all I can say
76561198013476128,Not Recommended,264140,9505893,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Ace Havoc,WOW this is bad!
76561198127301486,Not Recommended,264140,9445810,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,a healthy potato,It has the set up for a great game and all but it runs slowwwww!!!!!!!       LAG!
76561198030846257,Recommended,264140,13715858,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tylvan Rein,This game is amazing once you get diapers on all your Pirates.  Seriously.. .. .. so much poop.
76561198088811209,Not Recommended,264140,31084869,Posted: 11 April,all,Nemoto,bad game
76561198042531182,Not Recommended,264140,11509426,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,NoiseRat,i was extremely disapointed when i expected this to be fun like other games these guys made..
76561198200433677,Not Recommended,264140,34699468,Posted: 2 September,all,灰原哀,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561197999346452,Not Recommended,264140,10386900,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Cody Cigar,"The devs are too intrested in making literal♥♥♥♥♥♥ to fix the bugs.Apparently a vital part to every rougelike game is to have♥♥♥♥♥♥kill everyone, and be buggy enough for you to die unless you surround your crew in 50 feet thick walls."
,Not Recommended,264140,35169275,Posted: 23 September,all,boog,too indie
76561198198029967,Recommended,264140,23086292,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Jake Paul CSGOPoints.com,i like it its not bad... im no mlg pro but i found it a little bit hard at the start
76561198011827366,Recommended,264140,12996732,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,will,good pirate rpg sandbox strategy.
,Recommended,264140,25419990,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,TheMagicalZandof,YARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRALLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKIIIIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLPIXELPIRACYISADECENTGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAME
,Recommended,264140,14204810,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Darth Tater,"Is fun game.You can boats and get crew, and lvl up crew.There are various items which can be added on to a boat to increase performance in various ways.The best one is the barrel whichincreases gold earned from battles by 10%, meaning that putting loads of them on will earn you sh*t tonnes of money each battle."
76561198138622286,Not Recommended,264140,17325337,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,CaillouTheSavage1234,all i can say about this game is that it is crap i mean a five year old could make this game
76561198100882147,Recommended,264140,20067095,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Petrenko,"I really love games like this.The devs are a bunch of very nice people.PS: Yeah, no real review! I just want to support. =)"
,Recommended,264140,23095500,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,N4me404_,one man army route:3
76561198027769668,Recommended,264140,33399939,Posted: 9 July,all,North American Pavement Ape,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Not Recommended,264140,25378573,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Fascist Luxembourg,.
,Not Recommended,264140,11548300,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,riso20121,This game is bad. Please don't waste your money on this game. Its not even slightly fun.
76561198042750653,Not Recommended,264140,9037137,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Pump Train 3 starring Mmmike L.,"It sucks! It is hard to figure out, it is boring, and the controls are terrible! Don't get it!"
,Recommended,264140,14566868,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Cinderblock,hodor
76561198072157036,Recommended,264140,24815533,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,PorkinHood,buyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyitbuyit
76561198170001811,Not Recommended,264140,14811846,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,EPICB,laptop does not support the game
,Not Recommended,264140,23309568,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Griffin550,Just no
,Not Recommended,264140,15149264,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Doctor Hue,
76561198120648465,Not Recommended,264140,31926385,Posted: 23 May,all,Hydrogender,needs to be more lkie minceraft
,Recommended,264140,13007095,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,.҉  Reme✧,"Pixel Piracy ahhh... Where do i start?ProsHuge mapTons to doChartoony Feel to itCombat is alrightShip building is simpleConsShip crew Fishing Bug ""They dont fish all the time""Ship Crew sometimes don't follow your ordersShip crew SOMETIMES don't eatShip crew Sometimes don't attackIf you can get past these Cons It will be a great game to play!The replay value in this game is SO-SO"
,Not Recommended,264140,23700503,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Demicleas,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░▀▀   Pixel Piracy   ▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198074885974,Not Recommended,264140,23296102,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,ottoman´s emperor,Like Battlefield 4 but with better engine. Totally worth its price
,Recommended,264140,10772457,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,mister dude,Birds can poop on your boat.10/10
76561198126030359,Not Recommended,264140,11497493,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Lamaaaa,"I really feel robbed right now. I found this game on the front page as a new release for linux, checked the minimum requirements and bought it.First the game was not downloading at all and after a little bit of research it turns out that I have to activate a hidden configuration in my steam client that I want to participate in the public beta for linux. This alone is outrageous as the game was clearly advertised as a new RELEASE on the front page. I wouldn't have bought a public beta.Second and most importantly the game runs at a framerate of about 3 FPS and is unplayable in its current state. My computer is rather old but it still surpasses the advertised minimum requirements by twofold. As of writing the advertised requirements are 1.6Ghz CPU, 1GB RAM and no graphics accelerator. My system has a dual core 1.6Ghz CPU, 2GB RAM and indeed no graphics accelerator. Playing around with the meek options the game offers did not help so I think the graphics accelerator might be the problem here. Again, I wouldn't have bought a game that has a higher requirement than my old system.Even though I like to support indie devs, pixel art and rogue likes, I despise false advertising."
76561198096292343,Recommended,264140,11486334,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Standing Around,"Very well made early game.Many people dislike the game because of the glitchs but now i come to tell you final updaate tommorow.Who knows multiplayer can come out.But for the people who dont like the game look. Do you like hardcore,discusting,pirate games? if not why did you buy it and look at the bright side this is a early access game of course it has glitchs turtorial is still being worked on now i am telling you try the game again tommorow when its fully updated.It will be amazing"
,Not Recommended,264140,26165962,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,shadowknight6,meh
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,264140,11542496,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Scribbles,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥ Whoever was in charge of their audio was clearly subnormal. Why would anyone want to listen to constant shrieking and whining? What kind of moron designed this game? It's hideous too. I've been playing games for 25 years and have no problem with simple graphics, or even no graphics, but oh my god, this game is butt-♥♥♥♥ing-ugly. It's also boring.Everything about this game is  terrible. I guess I know not to buy anything from this dev ever again."
76561197998033010,Not Recommended,264140,23299134,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,daniel_mic,Nope!  I want a refund!!!!
,Not Recommended,264140,11508709,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Vurr,"Normally, When one game is introduced for people as ""Open world game"", they imagine GTA series or farcry series that has ""non-loading huuuge continuous campaign map"". I think the developers are using the term ""Open world"" as quite different from that image. This game is too full of map loading. You should load new map after every 3 minutes of playing. That seriously kept interrupting my concentration and I'm disappointed. If you are planning to buy this game, put that in your mind."
76561198014566431,Recommended,264140,9484443,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,shinobu,日本語化して欲しいなぁチマチマしてるけど結構面白い
,Not Recommended,264140,16310018,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Brother Roland,I dont even...
76561198110366914,Recommended,264140,11473243,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,CHOSEN CHICKAN,"Amazing game. its a pirate Terraria, need i say more?"
76561198131484578,Not Recommended,264140,23303445,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,KreamKorn,I hate it.
76561198131523295,Not Recommended,264140,23307322,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,yann0406,i bought the game yesterday and now it goes on sale♥♥♥♥kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkbut still good
76561198023684472,Not Recommended,264140,8151313,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Wacky_Waffles,"Load of rubbish, DO NOT BUY, total waste of money"
76561197970546456,Recommended,264140,10414959,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,TechnoSpawn,Absolute Gem of a game! Make sure to teach some of your pirates Cleaning or you will be plagued by Poop :D
76561198043884715,Recommended,264140,10403551,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Dingo,Please make custom characters an option. Cycling through randomized characters is the worst thing ever. I haven't been able to get into the game because I keep ending up with a character I don't like. For a game that is so customizable the character thing is a real bummer
76561198023308261,Recommended,264140,10374203,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,distilarouk,"Murdered tribesmen and forced my crew to eat their flesh, 10/10"
,Recommended,264140,10399515,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Crackbob Cocainepants,"Kinda hard but very good, this game is already good in early access, I can only imagine what this game will become. I would encourage that you to get the game."
76561198116915390,Recommended,264140,10138811,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,unseenhydra,"I would like to report a bug:When I started playing to day I went on an island and when I came back to my ""ship"" (first day so bad raft) there was a seagul on it. That in itself isn't at all strange but it was upside down. It's not realy that important but you keep saying you want feedback and reported bugs."
,Not Recommended,264140,9883630,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,The Clorox,"I HATE THIS GAME, WHENEVER I TRY TO LOAD THIS GAME IT SAYS: DISK WRITE ERROR!!!!!"
76561197993294028,Recommended,264140,10243547,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Phraxas,"5/10 - But I still recommend it for its potential.Gameplay is somewhat limited in what you can do.  You attack an island or ship, take the loot.. repeat.  The crew sing a song every time you sail your ship, and while it is -adorable- and -awesome-, it is incredibly repetitive and it's the only song they ever sing.Ship building seems cool at first, but there's really only a few ways that they can be made to be effective.  Decorations don't do much, though some improve morale.Fighting is terribly limited as your only commands are basically ""go here"" and hope they start attacking.  There's no good way to micro-manage any engagements and there's hardly any strategy involved.  Islands currently scale off of your captain, so it's one of the few times where you actually -don't- want to level.. because at a certain point, islands are just pointless to ever bother attacking because your crew can't handle them without taking tons of casualties or expending all of your cannon balls.  Once you attack ships that have cannons, you're pretty much guaranteed to start losing valuable crew members.  Deaths seem more common than in X-Com (for you that know that game's infamy of crew murder).All of these issues are still in production for being fixed.  The company only has a few people working for it at this time.  Ultimately, I think it'll be a great game.  But as with any early release, it really does need that work."
,Recommended,264140,10319388,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Samantha the Birb,Very fun. I have been playing for awile ang have only killed 3 of the Legendary ships :)
76561198033992934,Recommended,264140,10300007,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,WickedRaisin,"This is a solid game, pretty fun and addicting.  The only problem I have with it is that the sounds can get really annoying.  Your crew members seem to spout off the same boring phrases over and over again making it difficult to focus on the game being enjoyable.  I would totaly invest more time into this game if I didn't have to constatly listen to the annoying and repetitive bellows from my ""fat"" and ""stupid"" crew members that don't know how to read and are ""poop machines""."
,Recommended,264140,10654428,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ZeSapper,Attack Crate*Crate dodged!*Attack Crate*Crate parried!**Poops out of frustration*10/10
,Recommended,264140,10665679,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TheRedSand,"Good game, definitely worth the buying. However as to be expected with a early access game it has it's issues.The first one I frequently run into is that my pirates will literally jump overboard and drown for no reason. The second would be that they have a issue where they only respond to my commands like 1/12th of the time.Personally I would like to see the character creator look more like Terraria rather then clicking and hoping I get what I want. And maybe make the chatter a little more varied or less frequent. I hear ""dead men tell no tales"" every 10 seconds.On a more positive note, I find the game itself absolutely addicting. 10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,264140,10666175,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Chaos,"About 12 hours in and I'm noticing many things that are still buggy and need polishing up some controls but overall I am loving this game! You build a ship , build a crew, and hit the high seas. I find that fighting pirates is easier than fighting islanders but maybe im not building my crew rights... idk. A tad overwhelming at times but the freeze feature lets you stay in control of your crews health and stats.  Very excited to see some new updates in the near future, super addicting, pick it up today!"
,Recommended,264140,10660040,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,food,"Man this game is great. The balding captain of the boat I spend most of my time gawking at is a little punk though I swear he's like some kind of ship mommy. No useful combat skills at all. He just stays on teh ship full time cleaning poop, cooking food, fishing. . . what a waste of a pirate. His crew on the other hand, they're huge fanboys. Every other time I dock at an unexplored town, the whole crew immediately bails out of the ship to go to a tavern and hear some lute player belt out a sea shanty about his favorite letter of the alphabet. They get drunk then stumble happily but stupidly back onto the boat and proceed to crap all over the poopdeck while they argue over the three pistols they have between the eight of them. Meanwhile, that useless captain goes shopping.The whole outfit is a sailing circus. when they do decide to destroy some enemy pirates, weird natives, or undead freaks the captain just waves them off to do all the fighting while he stays behind to get caught up on playing with poop. Hes a fecophiliac, and the first mate looks like a rejcect from K.I.S.S. Anyway, If anyone sees this bobbing abomination out there on the high sees, feel free to blast it to smithereens."
76561198018661016,Recommended,264140,10662799,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Trath_A,"You, you  I see what you did here you!  simple yet twisted enough to make you want to reload and keep trying.    Like it and will keep kicking the poop"
76561198041187676,Recommended,264140,10500901,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Bonzaiii,If this goes on sale grab it. Pretty fun.
76561198064591547,Recommended,264140,10477278,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,The Lord of Bogs,"If your not a fan of the human excrement, perhaps this game is not for you. However, once you get the hang of the game, that problem ceases to be all that problematic, and you can go back to sailing the high seas plundering or capturing everything in your way in wonderous 2d pixel paradise.Indeed, after you get past the admitably problematic begining to your adventure (Dying horribly, learning that you can not swim, having a ship full of exvrement, etc...) this game opens up alot of unique gameplay that you are unlikely to find in other games. You can chose to utalize the 2d envornment to have your enemies float dreamily to the bottom the the sea, obsess over the allocation of your precious training points, storm enemy ships with a barrage of kamakazi pirates, or just teach a bunch of pirates how to fish and have them catch fish after fish in the tavern, of all places. Really there is quite a bit of content to explore.However, as it was almost certainly mentioned several times before, this game is still in development, being an early access game and all. Glitches come and go with alarming frequency and you will have to watch as your pirates fall of the ship for no legidiment reason (along with, say, having half of your ship all move one tile downwards, just to annoy those perfectionist types). If you are not willing to put up with the occasional glitch, then this game may not be for you.However, all things considered, this is still a great game that is worthy of your time, and 8/10 at the very least. And if you get it now, you can appricate the game as it evolves to the point where it can score a 9 or even a 10. But, your choice..."
76561198090847050,Recommended,264140,10462916,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,psycokersh,this game is fantastic i love the improvments you keep adding. good job and keep it up just 1 thing dont know if its known about but ships i build over a size parts of it sink into the see every thing on it too. just thaught u may not of known this if its som thing im doing wrong people plz tell meyours psycokersh
76561198109087438,Recommended,264140,10470466,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,KiteTheAssassin,"Fun pixel rpg, with a feel of terraria and would always stay fun no matter how many times you restart, though something that needs to be improved is the ai, because the enemies are so derp.but honestly out of ten I would give 7.5/10:)"
76561198064617964,Recommended,264140,10473325,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,jakeupinfinity,Extremely fun but I recomed waiting untill its out of alpha because of glitches and lack of items.
,Recommended,264140,10518952,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,JackCarrot,Pp is an awsome open world game its hard but thats what makes it fu hope they ad multiplayerKeep on Arrrrh en on pirates
76561198137944984,Recommended,264140,10521593,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,stankybeans89,"Its a good game, hard at first but still fun"
76561198100188228,Recommended,264140,10535279,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Lyrius,Very fun.  Horke Alchoholic...RIP
,Recommended,264140,10538400,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Garry,"The game is a fun, well made, sandbox game that has great battles that take plenty of stragety!!!"
,Recommended,264140,10546131,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kinda Bad Thresh,Pretty fun game if you have time to waste and do not mind an early grind.
76561198052062696,Recommended,264140,10364136,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Scrapmetal,"This Game is awesome, despite its bugs, the only major hurdle in this game is figuring out the controls for the first time. then its smooth sailing."
,Recommended,264140,9535211,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,AmericanToastman,"Such an AMAZING Game!Even for an alpha-version this game is extremely fun and addictive. Despite the fact, that it does not have an extreme variety of features it is such a joy to play. The only downside is that there are a some bgs or things, that don't do anything and just use inventory space, but remember: It's still alpha! I can't wait for further updates, I recommend this game to everyone who doesn't comepletely hate either 2d-Sidesrollers or Pirates! Go! Buy! Now!87,5 Awesomes out of 100 (so far)PS: I have 25%-Off Gift Cards for THIS game in my inventory. Add me and trade me, if you are interested :)"
,Recommended,264140,9535395,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,S a i n t P e p s i,"Amazing gameplay, fun too! Warning, EXTREMELY ADDICTING"
76561198068587930,Recommended,264140,9535456,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,SovietOnion,Good game but hurried out with the release. In my opinion Early Access Games should not be a thing
,Recommended,264140,9535462,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,JonnyCatt,"I have to admit... At first I was a little disappointed. But once you get the upgrades for your crew and a HUGE ship, it's hackin' awesome. It is in Alpha, so it could only get better!"
,Recommended,264140,9535495,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,The red spy!,Amazing is an understatement
76561198057010536,Recommended,264140,9535508,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Kenneth Parcell,"I like it, its very hard and doesnt really have much instructions but i do recommend it. Pixel piracy is addicting, exciting, and definatly worth the money (even though i waited for a sale XD). So pick it up, WHAT ARE YA WAITING FOR"
,Not Recommended,264140,9535559,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,2Chainz the Witch Hunter,"This game, while well made, is not currently a satisfactory product for the price. I would pay 5 dollars for this, but I am now convinced that I have overpayed. Progress is very slow and certian aspects need work. Do not buy until after alpha, or you wont be getting your moneys worth."
,Recommended,264140,9535944,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Tabasco Sauce,"Once, one of my men turned on me and demanded 11 coins when i had 7. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,9536240,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Bobby Yeah,"You have to figure everything out yourself, the menu screens dont make any sense, and the actual gameplay is convoluted and  dull."
,Recommended,264140,9536536,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,And You're Dead,Fun game... You can Pillage and burn but you have to teach Your guys how to Poop Properly 10/10 I enjoy it
,Recommended,264140,9536678,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,SubWoofer,"Fun, but SO HARD!"
,Recommended,264140,9536926,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Infern,"I wasn't expecting much from the Alpha of Pixel Piracy...Due to getting Coupons for games that usually have terrible gameplay.Surprisingly the game is amazing. Imagine a permadeath game where you control a captain and his crew with micromanagement of resources and alot of learning.You can build your ship using parts of others ships by plundering them. From basic hull pieces to cannons, storage barrels and food.Micromanagement is the key to survival. By sailing you and your crew gain levels to do more damage and survive alot more. Each island is randomly generated so it could be life and death. Remember to save often.As you venture further away from the starting zone the more dangerous the enemies become. TP are ""training points"" just like most games Skill points. They can either be spent on Stats or skills that help you alot more. From cleaning your ship, map reading to parrying and using cannons. You have alot of possibilities. Even some items give you stats for leveling up.Every 2 levels you will able to purchase more crew members which help you most of the time. They cost around 100-300 gold each depending on your level.I've played around 1 hour of this game so far. Probably will play it alot more when i have time.Get this game if you want to have a laugh.Don't get the game if you are after a triple A game."
76561198070406817,Recommended,264140,9536983,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,#BonerQuest,"I'm ashamed to say this but a lot of the time i do judge a game by it's graphics but this is by far one of the most enjoyable games i have played in a while.  Though it is a little difficult and i seriously hope they nerf the game a little bit, it's still great and i would highly recommend."
76561197993797203,Recommended,264140,9537167,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,LeoTehJester,"It has the odd glitch or 2, so hardcore is not a viable option yet.  That being said, this game is insanely entertaining for as long as it takes for your crew to mutiny and murder you in your sleep :)"
76561198043467520,Recommended,264140,9537459,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,That guy III,Epic espacialy for an early access
,Recommended,264140,9537466,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,▄Rob From Second Life▄,This game is like cocaine you try a little bit and you're hooked.
76561198045656486,Recommended,264140,9538060,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,a sleeping bug,haha build your ship then die
76561198012661993,Recommended,264140,9538537,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Nauctus,"this game is great a few little tweaks needed such as your pirate staying on an Island when he mutinies against you cause he is mad... I left to get him rum and he was gone when I got back I was sad he was my second in command lol, great game all in all tho."
76561197999220020,Not Recommended,264140,9539000,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Jfkraken,"I know the game is in alpha, but as it stands it seems pretty terrible. There is no control over you captain or crew over clicking to an area, which makes combat feel sluggish and frusterating, your characters blindly rush and might kill an enemy or get hit and fall into the ocean and die. Really doesn't feel like the player has anything to do on their part."
,Recommended,264140,9539409,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,RoyalWolf,"This game is awesome. however it still has its flaws just to name a few: Money is hard to obtain and is scarse at the start, Your crew: dont get attached to em they will die, weapons i mean ship weapons there needs to be more than just cannons where are the swivel guns where are the heavy forward mounted cannon? and lastly the lack of modding ability it is not imposible but it is hard and unsurported. but it has its advantages. you can have a whole crew, you can have roles and bigger ships, you can raid not only ships but islands as well (very dificult), there are events that happen such as your crew getting angry at you and demanding money, and as they said in the planned features there will be over 40 hours of content and you will need more than one save to see them all. so how i see this game in 1-2 years time..... pure epicness"
,Recommended,264140,9630256,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,bobbygordon4,think of any pirate game you've played get terraria combine them and you've got pixel piracy the most addicting pirate game EVER9.7/10 awesome but not perfect
,Recommended,264140,9630302,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Vesicularbus683,"From my first playthrough, I can tell you that I had alot of fun with this game. I like how you always have to balance your money between things so you are always busy. And I like the RPG leveling system."
76561198026257713,Recommended,264140,9631122,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,dio,"Very Good for Halfway There.As of 0.5.x, the game is very playable.Design your own pirate ship (it's amazing the things that pirates can sail around in), raid, pillage and make an obnoxious nuisance of yourself and your pirate crew.Pros:Game ran very smoothly for me (and never crashed).Tons of fun (up to difficulty 4).Cons:Very poor documentation as of yet: expect to watch a few Lets Plays and browse around to figure out some of the finer points of ship design and crew development.Game falls apart after difficulty 4+.  Cannons and explosives are semi-unuseable and require alot of dumb luck to survive.Bottom line:If this is only half the game, the whole thing should be pretty impressive, looking forward to future development."
76561198065922667,Recommended,264140,9640601,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,iambob1012,i will reccommend this game but i do so with a warning... it is very early in development and has alot of broken features...
76561198073508930,Recommended,264140,9641685,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,ZephyrOnyx,I love this game! Despite the occasional bug where a part of your ship goes underwater and kills your pirates... Still an awesome game. 10/10
76561198127237903,Recommended,264140,9642894,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,MaaT,cannot play this game on window 8 so sad
,Recommended,264140,9648252,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,Yarr!
,Recommended,264140,9653061,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Knoblett,"A Great game, I just hope the Dev's don't give up on it until its actually done"
76561198120728523,Recommended,264140,9654496,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,WickedPrince,Great game. Still has a few annoying bugs so itll take some time before you can appreciate it without raging. Only thing you have to remember and come to terms with playing this game is that you may lose your entire crew so make backup saves for that. Other then that its fun to play and will cause you to lose track of time pretty quickly.
76561198063475000,Recommended,264140,9656875,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Psychotic Sheep,This is already a highly playable game. I just can't wait to see what parrots do
,Recommended,264140,9662345,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,KingTentacle [TLS],"I only reccomend people buying this game if they are willing to put up with alpha and assist development, or to purchase the game as support.DOWNLOAD IT FREE TO TEST IT OFF THEIR OWN SITEwww.piracysim.comIssues,BUGS galore, so many bugs it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.UNBALLANCED the ballancing of the world generation and crew generation is really bad and needs to be worked on.LACK OF CONTENT the gameplay is fun but it does get stale after several hours to a few days depending on how tolerant you are.NO MULTIPLAYER its planned but not implimented yet.Great things,PIRATES! this game is about pirates you are a pirate you hire and train others as pirates and you hunt other ships to pillage and islands to sack.RANDOM GEN WORLDS! while the way it generated worlds needs much work it will get better and each new game feels like a new world (within reason)FULL SHIP CUSTOMISATION! you get to build and lay out your ship the way you want, granted you can find the parts.GREAT COMMUNITY the community is always there to help and quickly answer questions, i am yet to encounter trolls."
76561198064252451,Recommended,264140,9663389,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Jacket,It's something to do (but it's pretty fun)
,Recommended,264140,9666103,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,JimiDean,"That recommendation is for the finished product, as it stands right now this IS an alpha stage game. there is problems, and there are unimplemented aspects. If you are looking to have some fun whilst helping the developers sort through the rabble then definitely grab tis now. If youo instead want to just have the fun in all it's glory, throw it on your wishlist so you can come back to it once all the kinks are ironed out.I am loving what we have so far, There's a good challenge without being too overbearing. At first you'll sail around happily as you please, but soon you will find yourself plotting every trip in advance, being sure you have enough supplies and wont need to take a detour to the nearest town just hoping they sell bandages (they probably wont...)5/10 for now10/10 when complete."
12534758463526478,Recommended,264140,9667855,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,De Silva,im a pirate so go eat some potatoes that i grew on my ship
,Recommended,264140,9669213,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Lord Zakros Lazaros,A great game to pickup for $15. It's a rougelite game that offers numerous hours of gameplay with different ways to experince it. Not into rougelite games? That's fine because you can still play in princess mode which allows you to go back to old saves. Also once you get sick of sailing the seas why not make up some challenges? I perfer the no crew challenge in hardcore mode which makes things really intense. Overall a great game for you buck and will provide you with some fun for many hours
,Recommended,264140,9676638,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,John Doe,"Great game! Although there are some glitches and imbalances, they are minimal, which is great because as of writing the game is still in alpha! The game is very fun, because everything is customizable, and each world is a bit different from the other. There's also different game modes for the game as well, which helps if you get tired of one mode. Also, the community is very helpful, if you have any questions just put it on the forum and it'll be answered within a day.The one problem is that it's hard to figure out how to do small things like equip a new weapon, because there's not much of an in-game tutorial, but there's plenty of strategy guides and tutorials online!support this alpha game to make it great!"
76561198079994961,Recommended,264140,9677909,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,xSanJ,A very very veryyy fun game to play its very addictive it has alot to do 10/10 defiantely should buy this everyone! and more will be added buy nowww
,Recommended,264140,9680081,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Greenzone432,Its literally great
76561198055927803,Recommended,264140,9688035,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Basibasbas,Tons of fun and pretty addicting !!!!can't wait till the game is finished
,Recommended,264140,9689049,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Evil-Beanie,"This has been a really fun game to play so far, I recommend this game to any gamer that likes this sort of gaming style"
,Recommended,264140,9539545,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Ninja 忍者,This game awesome you can make your crew level up your skils and make your own ship!
,Recommended,264140,9539684,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Zippy Ragu,"There's still much work that needs to be done, but hey, it's still in beta. And if you stick with the ship for a few days and happen to have a hardy crew you'll have the sweep of things! ^^"
76561198018516278,Recommended,264140,9540798,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,woolygod,great game hunger is an issue which i think can be reworked how ever the game is interesting with lots of twists and provides a challenge
,Recommended,264140,9540971,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Mal'Nebiros,"Good laugh and quite addictive, there are still a few bugs which can be very annoying but it is good fun if you avoid their causes. E.g. don't leave port without everyone on your ship or with people on ropes to your ship as this will result in drowning"
76561197995897137,Not Recommended,264140,9541181,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,b0br0ss,"This game will get my full recomendation once it becomes less painfully alpha. The state that it is in right now, I would suggest holding onto your money until it becomes a more playable beta. The amount of bugs and game-breaking problems is kinda staggering so only buy if you feel you want a job in game QA.Other than that, this game is going to be great someday.A super cute pirate managment game that has little voiceovers that send my gf into hysterics. I would bet money the dev has never been locked in a room (ship) with a murderer before. Because just try to be trapped with someone whom has no regard for life, poop inappropriately, and see how long you live. ;)"
76561198011869193,Recommended,264140,9541421,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Magnum Steel,I killed a turtle.
76561198076416743,Recommended,264140,9541531,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,(づ￣ ³￣)づ,KABOOM !!!!that's it
,Recommended,264140,9541940,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Falloux,Terraria developer does it again. Pixel piracy is a hit! So be prepared to invest hours in it!Cant wait till it is fully released!
76561198035288832,Recommended,264140,9541985,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Tyrone,Best game ever.
,Recommended,264140,9542185,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Doomsday12,uhhh...the game wont actually start on my computer its an ASUS computer and it has windows 7
76561198020964942,Recommended,264140,9543106,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Josh Adamik,This game is allot of fun but still buggy for sure as of 3/18/2014 but as long as they patch it and make it better it is loads of fun! I find my self frustrated at times because starting out even on easy can somtimes just♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. One moment ur guys are hungry the next moment ur ship is full of POOP.  if you screw up even once it can really make a impact good luck gaining the money to fix ur probloms ur guys eat like no tomorrow. Even in battle there snacking away!
76561198047896305,Recommended,264140,9543136,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Shrugger,10/10 Very fun and challenging game.
76561198099663846,Recommended,264140,9543484,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Jmack115,i LOVE IT
76561198118965064,Recommended,264140,9553944,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Delain,this game is fun as ship and really addicting
,Recommended,264140,9554136,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Jesuz is my niggha!,Awesome!
,Recommended,264140,9554330,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,D25: Thief,"This game was way more enjoyable than I expected, and considering it's still only in alpha I see only room to improve. Game play as they have it so far is pretty decent, with a couple bugs here or there as expected with an early game. The world set up was entertaining, and for the most part gameplay was challenging but fair. Ship set up however is a bit awkward, but I expect they will tweak that in later versions. All in all a pretty damn good game for an alpha, addicting and fun."
76561198056045000,Not Recommended,264140,9554802,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Name Ideas,If it was mutiplayer it'd be way better. Some sort of PvP and having real people as your crew. For now it gets old fast.
76561198077958704,Recommended,264140,9555710,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,The Basement Intern,Probably one of the best games you can play and if you think its crap well then have someone fling it but seriously this game takes the poop deck joke and stretches it but still really fun for how simple it is
76561197995878296,Recommended,264140,9555717,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Weedse,A fun little game can really buy cool looking ships.. to bad it all turns black instead of being able to make a brown ship..also when you start facing ships with cannons the game becomes very frustrating (danger level 4 and higher boats)  because they just kill off your ship in about 4 shots and if you enter their ship they will be very glad to fire their own cannons on their own ships sinking themselfs with you with it.. which i assume is not supposed to happen.. making the need of reloading an old safe game to finally beat any danger 4+ boat.. in its current state it is not worth the money.. but i think they update quite often.. when i watch youtube videos of not so long ago you already see major interface updates.. so i hope it will be better and when it becomes so i will edit my review (Can you even do that? think this is the first review i write xD )game with lots of potential had loads of fun.. till i had danger 4 and 5 ships.. which i still with frustration try to beat.. it can be quite a difficult game even on princess mode xP (brilliant naming) but in the start the difficult spike actually feels like a challenge.. and not of a just simply broken game.. hope to see updates soon x)
,Not Recommended,264140,9555989,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Jerry,Right from the begining teh game is confusing. There is no tutorial.  Every time i spawn i lose my character and somehow i die.  This game needs more work before it can be released.
76561198048041031,Recommended,264140,9556700,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,MonsterTrainerRed,PIRATES!!!!
76561198070064785,Recommended,264140,9557034,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Fetabear,"quite a few glitches/bugs but what is to be expected from an early access game?... anyways awesome, crazy fun game, now all we need is multiplayer, and bug fixes.... but mainly multiplyer..."
,Recommended,264140,9557190,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,forasp,"LOVE IT! Absolutely wonderful. Still needs a little balancing, because morale and hunger management of large crews in mid game can get pretty painful."
76561198044881812,Recommended,264140,9557553,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Spanucci,"this games is worth ckecking out for your self if you have the money , pick this gem up and enjoy"
76561198046218425,Recommended,264140,9558100,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,TheMightyQueef,An extremerly funny mix of terraria and faster than light!! perfect combonation.
76561198079408481,Recommended,264140,9558820,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Blitzkrieg,iz gud
,Recommended,264140,9559463,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Rooster,"I love this game, the pirates voice acting 10/10."
76561198008619080,Recommended,264140,9560065,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Automator,"The Core Mechanics are super fun in this game! It's getting a little repeditive and boring now, I can't wait to see whats in store for the beta/final release of this gem."
,Recommended,264140,9563230,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Rubber Ducky,"Pixel Piracy is a great 8-bit style pirate game where you sail around a 2D world and train your crew, plunder islands, and fight pirates in your Singleplayer quest for dominance. It has a heath, hunger, and moral system for you and your crew. Equip awesome amor and tools and build a pirate ship. It is really fun, but since its still in Alpha, its kind of buggy. It will be fun to watch the game advance. Get it while its cheap!"
,Recommended,264140,9563914,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,SGB,I really enjoy how simple it can be it's good to pass a good afternoon busy
,Recommended,264140,9564129,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,HIV+,"This game is so fun, and has a lot of open spaces to be filled... Needs some maybe faster travel, or somthing... BUT REALLY COOL! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!"
76561198045256220,Recommended,264140,9565529,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Wolf,This game is pretty dang awesome! Although it is very brutal at first I had to reload many times but i think i got it now. If you like strategic games this game is definately for you. If you don't like hard games that make you focus on something around 5 or 6 different things at once this isnt for you.
,Recommended,264140,9565672,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,shadow_slayer74,"This game is really fun, if very unforgiving of mistakes.Early on you will lose a lot of crew to various things and die quite a few times while learning the ropes but eventually the trials are totally worth it."
,Recommended,264140,9567034,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Toothpick,"this is a pretty hard game but once you get used to it, its really fun."
,Recommended,264140,9567092,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Max0880,"this game has great Potential but as of now it's still in alpha with many glitches such as your ship suddenly disapear or when your pirates wont drink rum or eat and end up dieing or rebeling. the concept is great, being a pirate and building your own boat, i love it so far even though it's super glitchy. Re-Logic has never let me down, like terraria and starbound, and sure as hell they wont let me down now. right now i think its great i would rate it 6/10, all it needs is some tweeking and adding more items and decisions to the game and it should be perfect to my perspective. great game."
,Recommended,264140,9567488,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,[NaCL] American Ass Blaster,its a great  game in MANY WAYS! but if your someone like me who dosent like to get killed when your lvl (insert some random number) when you easily get killed by a crab.but dem parrots man  :3
76561198037964925,Recommended,264140,9573955,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Big_Barts,Absolutly fantastic game. Really looking forward to see what new features come along.8/10 would buy.
,Recommended,264140,10578639,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sturk,"You can have a blast with this game, and make your ship look like a papaya. It's pretty amazing."
,Recommended,264140,10577949,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Monki3,♥♥♥♥ing love this game!
76561198068329570,Recommended,264140,10579984,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,NomNom95,"this game is awesome, lots of fun, it is a nearly access game so there are some bugs, but when it is realised the game is going to be one of the best games out there10/10 A Must Buy"
,Recommended,264140,10114959,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Billy McChucks,This is the ideal game for living out your pirate fantasies! It quickly becomes addicting and is very hard to stop playing. And the updates will keep coming making it even more worth your money! Worth every penny.
76561198001580655,Recommended,264140,10143631,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Komadin,"So far I am in love with this game. It  has kept me solidly entertained for HOURS. I Still have barely figured out how to do much. I will say one thing though... That salty dog song inbetween sailing is literally driving me insane and making my head hurt, I really hope in upcoming updates they either remove it or at least make it come on LESS.AMAZING GAME!!!"
76561198061157041,Recommended,264140,9508750,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Smem,"I have a few problems with this game, i would recommend this game, but not at it's current state. This game could be great, but the problem in is it lacks gameplay. Most of the game is governed by AI, the only real commands you can give is to board or retreat. The sailing is just you sitting there on your ship waiting while you gain experience, you dont do anything, but you gain experience. If this game had a bit more aspects of it to make it more a game and not a movie, its would be great. I'm sure they will add mechanics that can make gameplay a bit more interactive."
76561198010754140,Recommended,264140,9306393,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Mad Mike Hogstorm,I love this game for its (initial) simplicity. You have a few minutes to spare and play a few voyages just to realize 3 hours have passed. The devs seem to update as soon as they have a new feature implemented or a bug fixed which makes it exciting everytime you start up the game to see what's new.The game idea is entirely new to me but it has roguelike elements (who doesn't love that??) and character progression of your whole crew. I guess you could say I've yet to reach endgame after many hours of play and I really look forward to seeing what's next. At a low price it's a definite buy-recommendation from me.A huge plus when buying early access is to see the dev answering bug reports and such. That gives me confidence that it is a work of passion and will probably be continued for a long time.
,Recommended,264140,9328619,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,JTR - Cracker,It's pretty entertaining. They're contantly releasing updates/patches wich makes it alot more fun. 14$ is worth it.
,Not Recommended,264140,9616758,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Elty Malkavian,"the point and click system is a little bit awkward to start off, the graphics while they arnt a selling point they are still not nice to look at. there is no customization for your own charicter as of yet it seems. this game is early access yes but i would wait a while longer before buying it if i were you. it just isnt worth the price as of yet."
,Recommended,264140,9621622,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,AnnaBelle,AMAZING
76561198066112669,Recommended,264140,9623665,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Sovereign,"Pixel Piracy is difficult, but fun when you get the hang of it. Save Editing can make the game pretty fun too."
76561198062751986,Recommended,264140,9623802,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Wolfgriffen,Hello my men are dying a lot while playing so it would be nice if you slowed down how fast your hunger goes down?!?!
,Recommended,264140,9623934,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Pantsu,"10/10 Can't wait to see what they have in store, it's only in Alpha."
76561198042208192,Recommended,264140,9461697,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,MisterStabby,"This game has so much potential however, during the time i have played, I have experienced MANY bugs. For example : Crew members randomly jumping into the ocean and killing themselves, Random black screens and so on... I would recommend waiting a while before purchasing. (Ignoring all bugs) the game is a boatload of fun. (Pun intended)  ;)"
76561198063585456,Recommended,264140,9462708,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Tsahbalala Shamalamadooby Senpai,"One of the best pirate games i've played, definetely get this if you like pirate games with steep learning curve and lots of freedom to do whatever you want."
,Recommended,264140,9462748,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Bainemo,"(This review was written for version 0.5.0.2 Alpha.  Expect this review to not apply to the beta and gold stages.)Ever play Sid Meier's Pirates?  This game is more or less that, only with all the frills scorched off.  What you're left with is a condensed chunk of pirate enjoyment.  Destroy pirates and plunder their ships, find treasure, murder island peoples, upgrade and level up your crew, and of course punt human feces into the ocean.I would honestly consider this game to be worth ten bucks even though it's not even in beta yet.  The main issue so far is control and bugs, and of course lack of content.  I found it fun for three hours until I had to stop due to a bug, but I plan on playing more as soon as it's fixed.  Looking forward to content releases and bug fixes.  It's like DLC only it doesn't cost anything!"
,Recommended,264140,9462832,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,rretK,"I saw a YouTube video on the game and said ""I want it."" I bought the game and I instantly fell in love with it. The gameplay is amazing!!! It's very addicting."
,Recommended,264140,9462959,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,MC Bustin nutin,"I am a hardcore blood and guts Action/Strategy gamer.This game has lot's of charm.Yet your moves ye matey's make are crucial.Buy this game it's, good clean fun...I'd imagine most people can't not like this game.  Simple yet complex !Old school with modern flare."
76561198090475033,Recommended,264140,9463154,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,trogdor the burninator,"Yes this game is good right now, but still has MUCH more potential.I think that this game will be amazing in the future!btw... POTATOE"
,Recommended,264140,9463295,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Sam Bernstein,This game occupied quite a bit of time for me before even starting to get boring. The raiding of other ships works well. The only trouble I ever have is issues with running out of food in game. Very hard to keep your hunger up. Otherwise a wonderful game
,Recommended,264140,9464610,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Hobbergosher,"Lots of potential. Very excited about where this game goes. Think FTL but with a boat that you design a-la terraria.There are definitely bugs at this point, but that's what Early Access is. There's also a lot of poop. Like, real poop all over your boat. You have to train one of your pirates to make him able to fling the poop into the ocean. So...that's interesting."
,Recommended,264140,9465799,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Jimmi33,"A very interesting game where you take on the life of a pirate captain. You will encounter other pirates trying to take down your ship and you will fight disease, food management, gold and other crew members morale. A very well developed game for an alpha, I will be lookign forward to all the achievements this game can accomplish."
76561198035948239,Recommended,264140,9466038,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Shnatzi,A Fun little pirate simulator with good game mechanics.
,Recommended,264140,9466070,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Bacon,"I decided that my crew would be a crew if pirate fishermen, the requirement was that everyone had to use a fishing rod as a weapon and must have the fishing skill in order to be considered apart of my crew. After amassing 11 loyal crew members, I set out to take on a near by pirate ship rated danger:4, little did I know that this engagement would be one of tragedy, heroism and a suicidal freak. As I got the report that the ship was nearby, I gave the order to engage them front on. As they saw our pirate flag raised one of their finest gunners immeditly loaded his cannon and fired before a word could be muttered... *BOOM* - CAPTAIN - I hear a voice from behind me, a report from below deck - WE'RE SINKING AND FAST. I gave the order, ALL MEN ABANDON SHIP, IF WE CAN'T SAVE OUR OWN, THEN THEY CAN'T HAVE THEIRS! With the ship rapidly sinking and my men and I just barely making it to the enimies ship, we proceded with sword fights and guns... That is until the same gunner saw what was happening, obviously outmatched and outgunned with sheer manpower he took it upon himself to reload the cannon and procede to blow out the bottom of his own ship. With no where to run, and timing running out I gave one final salute to the brave gunner who managed to defeat me in combat.10/10 Would recommend."
,Recommended,264140,9466129,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,QUICKRICH,"Wonderful Indie game, If you love independent games like starbound, Banished and Other great Indie titles this is for you.The reason I love pc gaming is because of games like this.Mutiplayer Is coming!"
76561198027532081,Recommended,264140,9466467,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Sarlacc Pit,"""Yar har, fiddle di dee,Being a pirate is alright to be,Do what you want 'cause a pirate is free,You are a pirate!"""
76561198027958972,Recommended,264140,9467001,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,FF_Ninja,"This game is a blast.  I absolutely love it.  It's still rudimentary I'm hoping for a lot of new features, but it's great now, too!Some help for new users:If you only ever use salary to keep your crew's morale up, yeah, it's pricy.  Keep tabs of town locations that have a tavern and bring your crew there once they start to get low.  Consider them your practical base of operations: go out and pillage a bit, and then come back for a right merry drinking session.  Buy a few pints of rum for the rare (possibly glitchy) occasions where a red-faced pirate won't leave the ship to go to the tavern (usually, it's an automatic action).Invest in a few cooks and fishermen to keep your crew fed on the high seas, too.  If your ship's food supplies are low, go to a location with a tavern and have a few of your men fish for a while.  With a cook on hand to prep the fish and a tavern there to restore morale when it gets low, you can stock up on plenty of fish.  I can't recall if seagulls will eat food that isn't covered by a deck, but I usually cook food on the inside of my ship anyway.That should make it a lot better for you!  Learning curve successful!"
,Recommended,264140,9467500,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,ATotalParadox,"Pretty Fun Mechanics, I like it a bit better then FTL due to the RPG mechanics for your troopsies."
,Recommended,264140,9467526,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Nobi,"Eventhou is in alpha, this game is addictive and very fun, a few bugs i have encounter, but dispite those, this game os very very fun"
76561198053917008,Recommended,264140,9469048,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,☆Jolt☆,"fun, a good chalengeclaims that you can make nice ships but you will probs steal the higher tear npc ships as you find them.a real pain when you lose a teammate but you can just reload so no penalty which i dont like."
76561198053917008,Recommended,264140,9469049,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,☆Jolt☆,"fun, a good chalengeclaims that you can make nice ships but you will probs steal the higher tear npc ships as you find them.a real pain when you lose a teammate but you can just reload so no penalty which i dont like."
76561198053917008,Recommended,264140,9469050,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,☆Jolt☆,"fun, a good chalengeclaims that you can make nice ships but you will probs steal the higher tear npc ships as you find them.a real pain when you lose a teammate but you can just reload so no penalty which i dont like."
76561198053917008,Recommended,264140,9469051,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,☆Jolt☆,"fun, a good chalengeclaims that you can make nice ships but you will probs steal the higher tear npc ships as you find them.a real pain when you lose a teammate but you can just reload so no penalty which i dont like."
76561198095835540,Recommended,264140,9718244,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Satan,im in love with this game it is truely fun. with more and more coming from updates and the open world with so much to do its hard to get bored with this game... it does have its problems and thing i wish it had but what can i say its still being worked on and im liking the direction its been going so i cant complain.
,Recommended,264140,9719878,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,J0eyslice,"Love this game, it takes some getting used to especially the ship building and getting the right skills to keep your crew alive and to keep your ship from being sunk.  However, once you master the basics the game becomes so much fun.  Looting other ships  never gets old and theres alwasys stuff to do.  This game is only in its alpha stages but its already a blast to play I can't wait till its completely finished.  I'd expect nothing less from the creators of Terraria.  Great job!!!"
,Recommended,264140,9720484,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Renegade Pige,"I have mixed feelings about this game.  I originally bought it the day it came out and instantly put over 8 hours into it in one sitting.  It's fun and addicting, but the massive...MASSIVE amount of bugs make it so hair pulling-ly annoying at times that it's nearly unplayable.  Fortunately, they've been updating it regularly and nearly reading my mind on what needs to be fixed.  Overall, the game is enjoyable and has a simple, yet challenging, appeal to it.  When you get it, just be prepared for over half of your crew to never listen to you; all...and I mean ALL of your pirates have this obsession with running and killing the furthest person on the Island, leaving the whole team spread out along the map and inevitable death while you scream at them; and the occasional zip line failure leading to random drowning of your crew mates.  Enjoy!"
76561198082354197,Recommended,264140,9722852,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Pixel0h,"Pixel Piracy is probably one of the most in-depth, side-scrolling, indie video games I've played in the past few years. This game offers everything you'd want as a pirate. Pixel Piracy's graphical style is unique, and really makes the game pop when you look at it.If you want a pirate game that offers a 32-bit pixelated graphical style, along with ship battles, crew building, extensive player equipment customization, plundering, building, and much more, then this game is definetly for you.My Final Rating (out of 10): 8Final Thoughts: This is a fantastic indie game, and other developers can learn a lot from the games mechanics and visual style."
76561198103023124,Recommended,264140,9723581,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Gentlemen,"Really good game I love itI love this game. The concept, the possebilites, epic. I reccomend at the begining to hire 1 crew raid 1 ship or 2 and buy fishing rod fishing perk and cooking perk. auto food.Also, one suggestion. If multiplayer could be possible, That would be epic. Like 1 player spawns at one side of the world, the other spawns at the other side, cant see eachother, and its the normal game only the threat of the opposing player. you can team with him or destroy him."
,Recommended,264140,9723590,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Rubelski,Dead men tell no tales. 6/5
,Recommended,264140,9726086,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Ching Chong,I think this game is really fun in your free time and or you're just looking for fast fun. Being hard as nails adds to the fun for me too :P. Its worth the money and time to get a big♥♥♥♥♥boat :D!
76561198042297860,Recommended,264140,9726691,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,ztyphlose,"This game is really awesome. It's only $15 and it will give you unlimited playtime due to the randomly generated world. You get to build your owm pirate ships out of blocks, hire a crew and sail the world. It's a great game to play offline and you can play it on a bad computer. The only problem is when you get a bad randomly generated world and you cant get anything (very rare tho) 9/10"
76561198050442593,Recommended,264140,9727686,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Haze,Great game even tho its buggy and extremely dificult it is quite fun
,Recommended,264140,9727793,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,nated2004,If this game works its great! but the first time i tried this game... I cried!!! i had spent 11 dollars and 45 cents on a game that froze and crashed!!!!!! was sooo mad... but i got it working! i set the resolution to the 1000 and 700 ones andrestarted my computer! thats it! AMAZING GAME hardly any glitches but its not fair that you cant find the cannon ammo anywhere...put swivelgun/cannon ammo (bombs) on the first island every time and make them more common! plzzzzz!and please add a mode where there isnt morale needed like noob mode or something plz But great game if it works!i dont recoomend for now though... wait till its in beta atleast.
,Not Recommended,264140,9729264,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,A Gay Frog,This game is full of bugs.  I made a world and worked very hard.  I crashed and when I rejoined I was in the water and kept dieing.  I lost all my hard work and I can't find out how to deltete the worlds that I can't use.
,Recommended,264140,9729962,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,DerpFaceCake,Its good but OH MY FREAKIN GOD WHY CANT YOU GUYS PUT MANUAL EATING I ALWAYS DIE OR STARVATION JUST BECAUSE MY CHARACTER CANT EVEN EAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198091269457,Recommended,264140,9730079,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,randomperson2013,"This game could be quite the fun pirate game of raiding and swashbuckling adventures across the seas... I say could for a few reasons.saddly while fun the game kinda falls short on some things, yet they could and probably will be fixed. I could prattle on about nitpicking things but really there are 2 things that stand out that make me hesitant to reccomend the game.1st: game breaking bugs2nd: moral...I will explain why in orderfirst up is bugs, normally it is able to be ignored except for one small issue... you see if you decide you want to grapple onto a shore or ship be prepared because due to bugs, you might just fall into water for 0 reasons what-so-ever. This bug murders the game and it is one of the worst bugs of them all, but it could be fixed in one fell patch so I have hope, this is alpha after all.the other problem is moral. In the game along with health and hunger bars are moral bars, each man has moral and should you leave poop on the ship, keep em hungry, constantly fight, so on, they get angry and eventually mutiny. The problem is that the entire system IS SO BROKEN. It decays way too fast and has so few things to fix it, shure you can stock up on broken rum but really, if you arn't within arms reach of a tavern you are losing a man or a crew... or alot of gold.The reason I reccomend the game is that it is still at least playable, and it is still fun if you overlook the monsterous moral system and terrible bugs, but aside from that I like the game and I still reccomend it because I have hope that these problems will just be alpha problems and get smoothed out... if not then this game is sunk like a noob against a legendary encounter."
76561198076278297,Not Recommended,264140,9731293,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Jmans2109,To filled with bugs my game wont even work wait until it's not in beta
76561198090682441,Recommended,264140,9733736,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,minimi,I really like the game. Though there are a lot of bugs and problems with it... do remind that it's the alpha build so you could expect those. There is one bug i think is pretty gamebreaking and that is that everytime when you enter a lvl 4 ship it shoots itself and blows it all up... I have entered just 2 with the luck that they didn't fully explode! Though I think it's a verry cool game and they could really make something awesome out of it... I hope lvl 4 ships get nerved though...
76561198042504958,Recommended,264140,9737877,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Dav,This game is shamazing! At first its a bit hard because of the new controls and so on but as soon as you get the hang of it you won't want to stop playing! I really do consider you getting this game!!
76561198128855693,Recommended,264140,9739205,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,dbetras,I love this game its very well planed doesnt crash and has a lot of fun properties to it. If you liked the game FTL than you will probally like this too
,Recommended,264140,9739445,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,BH_Therecrute,This game is so much fun but if i have on huge complaint it’s that i don’t appreciate buying skills and then not having them work I don’t know if this is a bug but if its meant to be this way then you shouldn’t be able to use the skill book on that npc
,Recommended,264140,9739644,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,This is my old acc,"Great game! I find myself playing it whenever I get the time, got it yesterday and have already played 6 hours. It provides so much unique gameplay and features that I cant find my self being board of this any time soon. On the other hand its a little hard to start up and find out what things are and what they do. Im not going to say that kills the game but I will say it can be frustrating to not know what the thing you just bought does or how to work it. It is still in alpah so they probally will fix this becasue they are doing such an amazing job at this game I decided to write them a good review. Hope this helps!-Magix"
,Recommended,264140,9739836,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Prankamyn,preety good
76561198042679209,Recommended,264140,9513388,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,HoochyUchy,A crate dodged my attack.10/10
76561198050391017,Recommended,264140,9513620,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,WhatDoWeSayToTheGodOfMonopoly?,fu and hard
,Recommended,264140,9514156,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Melzard,Very good game!until you get past level four piratesBut still a very good game
,Recommended,264140,9535122,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Fgw_wolf™,You like sailing a ship and trying to keep a crew alive/paid long enough to find the One Piece? You like this game. Its like if Black Flag was 2d and pixels with random events and interactions and you can customize your crew.
,Recommended,264140,10587323,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,[TTC] Izaya Orihara [GER],"Yaarr...I always wanted to be a Pirate :3Well this game gives you a Pirate-ey experience...it needs some working into it, but it´s a lot of fun if you´re into sandbox games in a Pirate setting."
,Recommended,264140,10572790,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Irrelium,Nice game
,Recommended,264140,9040316,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,bestguy,"This game has a LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG way to go, keen for future updates to the HUD and interface to make the game smoother to play. Try looking at FTL (faster than light) the interface and travel function is perfect!"
,Recommended,264140,9175634,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Scrub The Disposable Cheeto Man,"I started the game a few days ago and im having some really annoying bugs :\Most of them are Minor and i don't think i have to say what they do...But there is one that made me really angry : When i got in the town, i bought my food, hired pirates and when i headed back to the ship ...It was impossible to get on it :\I tried to Re-build the ship, press the grapple button like crazy and some other things...Please try to fix this, it's the 5th Pirate that i got that is doomed to stay in an City/Island forever :\"
76561198012996209,Recommended,264140,9262170,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,bushfire,good game cant wait for it to be complete.
76561198015031866,Recommended,264140,8307147,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kree,Fun game.  Steep learning curve.  Hard to stay alive for more than 10 minutes.
76561198061953083,Recommended,264140,8364239,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,davidhugh1998,A good game so frustrating but adictive. Looking forward to see whats next.
,Recommended,264140,10800480,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Neeru,This is probably the first Early Access title I like AND will actually get released. 11/10
,Recommended,264140,10802708,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,omegganog,"This game is incredibly fun! The micromanagement of your crew is engaging yet something you can ignore (with little consequence). I'm excited to see how the final release develops as far as late game content goes but the start is just stellar. It truly makes me pirate bones awaken, yar!A special note: the developer is a swell fellow and stands apart from many distant, independant developers before him. Thank you not just for this game but for being a caring individual!"
,Recommended,264140,10803493,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Yellow Fellow,pirates... buy it now and its fun
76561198075452441,Recommended,264140,10804569,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,'DarkRaider',This game is fun!!!
76561198073292301,Not Recommended,264140,10835245,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Class A Prink,Maybe if it was $5...... but... Even on sale.... just.. no.
76561198119572462,Recommended,264140,10837031,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,jric224a,Great Game!
76561198074208143,Recommended,264140,10838153,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rapm,Such an addictive game and its still early access!There are still some major bugs but game is hella fun.Can't wait for the full game release.
,Recommended,264140,10693669,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Starlogical★,If you aren't buying this game now then you're missing out on an epic high seas roguelike.It also doubles as a literal poop deck simulator.100/10 would gift copies if I weren't so poor.
,Recommended,264140,10823624,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,knifebunny,"I don't often go to the trouble of reviewing games, especially not in written format; moreso I share my views amongst my friends, but I felt compelled to leave my 2c on this game.Having had been burnt on pre-purchase / early access games in the past, I am pleasantly surprised to admit that I had decided to give this game a go.  The merit here being that the developer already has a successful indie title behind their name (Terraria) and the fact that price point seemed right (steam flash sale).This game is awesome!  I love RPG games, I love pixel art (though we've seen a little too much of that of late), and I love the commitment that the developers have genuinely promised to deliverThe game requires somewhat of a learning curve, don't expect it to be simple out the gate, though I believe that this might largely be due to the fact that a proper tutorial hasn't been implemented in the game yet.  It took me around about an hour to work out the core fundamentals.  It reminds me of Final Fantasy in a way, but I can't really directly compare this game to any specific title, it borrows a lot from a lot of different RPGs, but delivers it in a unique wayI haven't had the greatest amount of time spent with this game, so whilst this is an ""early access"" title, I consider this to be my early preview of the game.I am very excited about the future of this game, including multiplayer, and I am very much looking forward to the weekend where I can sacrifice sleep time in order to progress further in the game.The difficulty curve seems about right, sort of like Fallout in a way, quite punishing until you can get on your feet, but still challenging that it isn't a push over (yet), like what the struggles involve in the Wasteland until you get power armor and you are just wrecking everything.  It is hard for me to comment on what the end game is like since I haven't been that far, but I am definitely interested in what other tales this story might tell.It would be hard not to recommend this game to somebody who likes RPGs, who finds the aspect of pirate pillaging exciting, and can appreciate the charm of pixel graphics, and cheerful humor.8/10 from me thus far!"
,Recommended,264140,10825396,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Gamecodemonkey,Scurveeeeeee!Brilliant game to pass an hour or two :)
,Recommended,264140,10826337,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sinjid,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8ju_10NkGY'Nuff said
,Recommended,264140,11895670,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Necrnym,"At first glance this game may look like a very simple pixel game, however Pixel Piracy is actually much more. Its an adventerous 2D open world that always leaves me wanting to play on. I could never get mored of this game. The exploration of this pixel earth is so fun I do it for hours. You upgrade your crew, expand your ship, plunder and steal enemy ships and explore until your heart's content. I recommend this game to absolutely everyone. It is an absolute blast."
,Not Recommended,264140,11897171,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,[FLG] Woodman,"Feels poorly thought out, and incomplete at this point.  I have high hopes, but at this point, they have not been met."
76561198110644759,Recommended,264140,11863240,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Nubs,"Have you allways wanted to give multiple un-toilet-trained childeren rum, helium and pirate attire and set them assail on the open seas (insert pirate roar here).If you have then you are a bit creepy.If you haven't get this game anyway.Awesomnezz"
76561198003202657,Recommended,264140,11863900,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,bumrat,yadayada glitches and bugs
76561198108094936,Recommended,264140,11917761,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Nexevan,"i this game but my only problem is if you can make your guy move with wasd and use the mouse to click attack and to scroll, but other than that it is a great game"
,Recommended,264140,11919316,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Jim Neutrino,If you enjoy sitting down and playing a rougue like game for a few hours this game is pretty much that you hire a crew and customise your boat and give perks to your crew and pretty much rule the seas then you try to defeat the legendary pirates which are basically bosses anyway the game is fun to play in short sessions once in a while i recommend it to anyone looking for a casual game.
76561198083712269,Recommended,264140,11937399,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Onat,the game is really good but there is so much bug in cleaning and because of that morale gets low very quickly when you put something to make the morale better they dont work well and the cleaners never clean the poop so its much worse those are the biggest problems ı hope they'll clear those bugs
76561198041984495,Not Recommended,264140,11867686,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,emhpb,"Blatently and openly racist, no comment on any other aspects of the game until this is addressed. really."
,Not Recommended,264140,12112450,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,BigTimbers,So far it is quite lacking
,Recommended,264140,12125830,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,AD | MeMeBigFag,"Highly addictive and thorough gameplay. This game has so many things you can buy sell find and loot, there are even legendary porates that are extremely O.P. I highly recommend this game as it is one of the best pixel games I have played in years."
,Recommended,264140,12129461,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Skippie,"The game has bad graphics, (kinda the point) but all in all, the pirates are fun, damage is kinda-realistic, game's realistic. Like it!"
,Recommended,264140,9470326,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Requiem Arrow,"At first this game was unplayable for me.  Once the issue got fixed - monnnnnths later - and I got a chance to play it, it's pretty awesome.While it's pretty hard to survive at first, it's a lot of fun.My previous review was an angered customer who waited months to play a game that he'd paid for, but now, quite a ways later, it's been a great deal of fun.  The graphics are decent (as a pixel game), the gameplay is fun and the sound is awesome - though semi-repetitious.Over all, I think everyone should try the game out.  It's fun."
76561198083200771,Not Recommended,264140,11973552,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Mv2sA,"I was really excited to try this game, but first thing I notice is how clueless the game leave you at the very beginning, had no idea how to do the simplest things, and that just got me very frustrated.The controllers are very odd, not sure if you can get used to it, I couldn't."
76561198108258707,Recommended,264140,11888876,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Niggatron,Pretty God damn addicting. Especially for early access/
,Recommended,264140,11944020,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Super Franky!,Well after the most recent update when my crew (excluding my captain) boards a ship they immediately hesitate and slip right off the edge. Please fix this.
76561198059330260,Not Recommended,264140,11961248,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Kit Cassidy,Doesn't feel like a finished product. There isn't a whole lot to do.
76561198094166204,Not Recommended,264140,12043060,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Lordblack253,Cool game. But after a few hours it gets repetitive.
76561198009845571,Not Recommended,264140,12029997,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,NeuralSimulation,"This game is unfinished, unpolished, and should still be considered a preview release.The good:Once you figure it out, it's a pretty fun game. When it works. If you like pirate style games and rogue style games, you would like a game like this a lot, if it were finished.The BAD:- To start with, the UI is extremely non-intuitive, and the in-game help is only slightly better than useless. Furthermore, there are extreme annoyances in the UI that make it almost unplayable by themselves.  The primary example of this is that if you have a list of things in a scrolling window, clicking on one of them to select it jerks you back to the top of the window. This would be bad enough if the mouse wheel worked to let you scroll. It doesn't. You have to drag the scroll bar around like it's 1991 or something.- Let's say you can live with all the UI glitches. There is currently a bug that makes the game unfinishable. Or at least it did for me. Once you get a large crew going and you're in about mid game, your pirates start going rogue, one by one, until they're all dead. This is even if you keep them well-fed and keep their morale up (the only mechanics the game gives you to deal with mutinous pirates). They can have a perfectly green happiness meter, but wIth no warning they mutiny and get sliced to bits by the rest of the crew, until you have none left. Now you're up a creek without a paddle, because all the encounters are far too high-level to take on with just a skeleton crew.- Other glitchy things happen that force you to reload your game occasionally, like a pirate will just get stuck somewhere and be unable to move, preventing you from sailing anywhere or plundering a ship.- Knockback, even on the lowest setting, is ridiculous and sends your pirates sailing into the water where they'll drown unless you have given them the swimming skill. This is an intentional game mechanic, and it's not at all fun.This is an alpha game at best. To call this release quality is an insult. It's definitely not worth the price at this point. Someday it probably will be. I could forgive most of the bugs, but the game breaking bug that makes the game un-finishable is beyond the pale. It's hard to get to that point in the game, and you'll have wasted a lot of time doing so, only to find out you can't continue through no fault of your own.Sorry guys, thumbs way down."
76561198050288744,Recommended,264140,11879085,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Trueshadow,This game is awesome!
,Recommended,264140,11880172,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Dtone,"Fun game, Devs are still working on removing bugs and stuff, but it's a Pre-Access game. Made by the people who made Terraria. If you liked Terraria why not give this game a try and support it's devolpment by buying now during the Pre-Access."
,Recommended,264140,9554890,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,♪∿♫ R I B S T E R,"Its fun, quite hard to start, but I suppose I reccomend it. The style of the game is unique, and its one of the first pirate simulator games I've seen. If you're a fan of rpg games, and adventure games, this one is for you."
,Recommended,264140,9554948,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,The RaptoLobster,So much poop on the poop deck! 10/10
76561198113641618,Recommended,264140,9555320,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,pablomania95,The Best game about pirates i have ever played thanks Quadro Delta for this wonderful game
76561198092557953,Recommended,264140,11500075,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,rgpass,"Pros: Lots of fun, Open world, ChallengingCons: Poor tutorial so need ~30min to get the hang of it, Glitches (for ex: I saved my game while my screen was in the middle of boat and an island, when I loaded it my Captain loaded in the water and died)Still a lot of fun. About to get back on. If you're patient and can tolerate glitches, it's a solid game! :)"
76561198046266769,Recommended,264140,11500149,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,sgtdustin,Fun game and very good for when you feel like playing a old looking 2D scroller game lots of stuff to do as well. Still think fish is the best way to earn gold with a large crew though. :P
,Recommended,264140,11500608,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,FreehandFish,"Fun game. Room for lots of improvements, additions but very playable right now. Little slow starting out but increase level and increase money and big pirate battles will happen in no time. Oh and watch those edges when starting out. Unless you have the swimming skill. if your captain goes over from enemy knockback, gameover... Have fun!"
,Recommended,264140,11500851,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Wracker,"For such a simple game, it actually has surprising depth and is really quite addictive."
,Recommended,264140,11501978,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,MR.GOOGLES,So... I was hesitant for a while and got bored enough to buy it half price. Game is fairly diverse and fun some sand box some action fairly difficult. fun worth it on sale definitely. If I knew how intricate this game was to the extent it is I would have probably bought full. Anyways give it a shot if you been eyeing it I was since it was on the store.
,Recommended,264140,11502728,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Cart Wizard,"When I began playing the game it was waaaay into early access and it was unfinished. Now that I truly see this game fully out I am excited to play more! I saw it become nothing to front page on steam! This is an overall great game. It is beyond original. You will never find a game like this.  highly recommend this game if you like pirates, building, team management, or games in general.Signed,Carter, your local Wizard ;)"
,Recommended,264140,11503002,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Richy,"rad game, ai could use a lot of work thoughalso crews are so horribly innefficient that its better to just have a single captain and no one else, which kinda beats the point"
,Recommended,264140,11503037,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,$priditis Gamdom.com,This is an extremely fun and challenging game from the creators of terraria. I think this game has a lot of potential and it will be fun to play for people with different ages.
76561198076186132,Not Recommended,264140,11503060,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,clancycalder,"At first its very confusing with poor instructions, spent too much time on google searching for basic controls. glitchy and a weak frame rate for such a graphically dull game. Thought it'd be good on my laptop - it wasnt.  i'm sure the gameplay could get fun eventually but at first it was frustrating and sadly i didn't feel like it was worth the effort. I hope they fix it up abit because it could be a good game."
,Recommended,264140,11503080,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,SuperFluffyCouchSnake,"Now i know what your thinkin ""geez..the game looks kinda childish maybe i should go look at reviews"" well i'm glad ya did! since well the game acts as a pirate sim with cute graphics...but don't let it fool ya! the games full of choices and depending on your stats,crew,ship and places you go to will depend if you'll be living long enough to drink another bottle of rum, but lets cut to the chase... 7.5/10 is my rating!"
76561198002469824,Recommended,264140,11504023,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,LastChance,really fun game easy to get the hang of and pick up. But be warned make sure you have carry a lot of food....
,Recommended,264140,11504789,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,MacDaddy50,Oh what fun!
76561198033721377,Recommended,264140,11504812,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Hiker,"Lots of fun to play, though can get a bit repetitive. Killed many of my pirates by accident through some little bugs but other then that with consistant updates looks to be a great game."
76561197990544362,Recommended,264140,11505153,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Magnesium Mursu,"Its certainly much fun, and the developers are actively fixing bug issues.Although I didnt really look foward for my captain to get stabbed in the face with a shiv and drowning after falling in the water."
,Recommended,264140,10993249,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sorej,"A lot like FTL, but on the ocean, with pirates. Start with a tiny raft, get a crew, sail the seven seas, get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked by natives on a random island. This game is really fun, but not for people with low patience. Totally recommended if you liked FTL"
,Not Recommended,264140,10994945,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,║▌│█║▌║│ 16X,"I really want to like this game, but unfortunately the implementation is plain broken.  This has nothing to do with it being alpha / early access.  The entire game needs to be overhauled.Why is it roguelike ?   ""Roguelike"" / ""Roguelite"" is pretty much my favourite style of game but it brings absolutely nothing to Pixel Piracy.  It feels like a mechanic that is there just because it can be.Why is it so pixelated?  Yes, it's called Pixel Piracy but there are icons from Windows 3.1 with a higher resolution than this.  It seems like (as above) a fair portion of the graphics are extremely lo-def just because they can be.The control scheme is really not intuitive or fun.  You move your captain in front of a vendor and press space to interact (which comes up in big letters right in front of your screen, even if you're walking past the vendor), but when you come across something like a treasure chest for example, you need to move your mouse down the bottom and press a completely separate interaction button.Huge portions of the game aren't explained which is excusable considering early access and all, but the original release date for this was supposed to be the 5th of July??  The lead developer had a major family crisis and I understand how much of an effect that can have on a smaller game like this but even if you think about the development being set back by a month the mechanics are poorly implemented.A good example of the above is hunger and morale.  You see your captains hunger and morale at the bottom of the screen, but you need to go into the crew view to see individual crew members hunger.  You can put food on your ship, but this isn't explained at all, neither is how this works and what it effects.  Same with morale items like rum.The stats system is completely broken.  Divide your points between dodge and intelligence and become invincible.   Yes, you can get a 100% dodge rate.  High intelligence means you can gain dozens of levels in no time.I want to like this.  It needs work, a lot of work.  Not ""almost ready to release"" kind of work, but way back to the drawing board kind of work."
76561197998921833,Not Recommended,264140,10982963,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,easier2burn,"**Beta review 30/06/14**At its heart this has the right ingredients to be a really great game however I cant honestly recommend a purchase until the many bugs are ironed out. The below I experienced in a paltry 10 hour play time.-Pirates with the cleaner skill sometimes dont clean (even with high morale)-Pirates will sometimes sit on your ship and do absolutely nothing when they have jobs to do (even with high morale)-Sometimes your pirates will fall from the boarding ropes and without the swim skill thats instadeath.- Its possible quite easily to get your pirate captain and crew to 100% dodge which makes them invincible.-Pirates get stuck on enemy ships and refuse to reboard the home ship (this happened to my whole crew on one occasion and on a reload the ship was gone, my crew were fishing from below the water and couldnt get back to the ship, this broke my game as I couldnt progress using the map screen etc).-Pirates get stuck on the design of more complicated ships.I experienced these bugs quite frequently, If they were fixed I could recommend the game but as it stands I would hold back on your purchase until the game is polished to a higher standard.Its a shame as I did enjoy playing the game, I liked being able to design my own ship and I liked the graphical style and sound effects. Roaming the high seas looking for an easy target to plunder and then progressing onto larger more dangerous ships and islands was great but unfortunately its hard to progress due to the games bugs.Losing my high level crew in one particular instance where they all just bugged out and wouldnt move even after a reload irritated the hell out of me and theres no way to create a back up save as the game only autosaves and saves on exit to a single save slot, when your standard save is bugged out its a game breaker."
,Recommended,264140,11102428,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Milky13240,"Very Fun, However because of unstability issues, I suggest waiting for the real game to come out, otherwise you might as well buy it and aboard the ship (punn intended LOL)"
76561197970921469,Recommended,264140,10521822,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,o_o,"EDIT: Well the game is much more fun now.  I feel like I have options in combat and the game is more balanced. I had a ton of fun for hours!_____________________________________________________________________________________Potential for fun, but combat is too linear at the moment.  Whether you win or lose is determined before you even start the fight.  As far as I could tell, there wasn't room for tactics.  Hopefully they add choices to this department."
76561198100632025,Recommended,264140,11105461,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ATCHAFALAYA HATAK,Pixel Piracy is a fun and cheap game. It still has some gameplay issues but it is still worth a buy.
,Recommended,264140,9449160,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,i like ponds,Fun
,Recommended,264140,9460691,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Graylight,"The game is at once adorable, goofy, and charming. Some bugs present, such as pirates ignoring the rum you buy them and then complaining their morale is low, and one of my crew spontaneously combusted for no reason, but the game is too quirky and fun to put down. I'd highly recommend it if you love 8-bit roguelikes and a goofy, oftentimes gross sense of humor (your crew craps on the ship frequently and the ""Cleaning"" skillbook teaches one of your men to just punt the turds off the deck -- they literally go flying)."
,Recommended,264140,9460779,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Troy,You kick poop of a ship.
,Recommended,264140,9461214,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Spookz,"Ships ahoy, matey!"
76561198107245152,Recommended,264140,22427375,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Higgs,"great game, and fun to play"
,Recommended,264140,9767526,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Rocket_Boy_Of_Dundee,Good game once you get used to how it plays!8/10
76561198037435321,Recommended,264140,21628956,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,gdtimmy,"MSR ""CC"" (my steam rating)I guess its good? I just couldn't get deep enough to play, but I liked what I did play...Someday I will come back to it, I just went on a Pirate spending spree, and this one I had ADHD, and couldnt invest time, because other games were HOOKING me.__________________MSR (My Steam Rating: Buy rating followed by Game rating)*Buy Rating (first letter)A: Buy at any price! A Must have! Buy Now!B: Wait for at least 10% discount, unless fan of genre.C: Wishlist until discount heavy (50% or more)D: Buy only at 80% or under $5.E: Only if free-to-play or demo, not recommended buy.F: Never buy, avoid any game from this company.**Game Rating (second letter)A: Classic or One of my all time favorite.B: Solid Game, mostly loved it.C: Haven't played enough to review game fairly.D: Pretty good, some issues but not bad at all.E: Needs work, boredom or repetitive.F: What a waste of everyones time."
,Recommended,264140,21614991,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Nate Higger,"i was playing the pirated version of this game before and then i met some pirate, telling me to kill people who playing this game illegaly.i've become afraid,that he will kill me cause i play illegaly too.can't sleep,can't eat,can't live normally.but then i bought this game. still live uncomfortably"
76561197990436582,Recommended,264140,21479351,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Metabaron,"Yarr, splinter me timbers not since ""Cutthroats: Terror on the High Seas"" has there been a more Piraty Pirate game."
76561198134221704,Not Recommended,264140,21415989,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Dannyboy1334,"pros: good and funny to listen to music in taverns CONS: people ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on your deck thus killing frames, running out of cash and constantly dieing, THE F*CKIN SHIIIT!!!dont waste your money on this game, even if the developer of terraria did work on it, its a terrible game with absolutly infuriating gameplay that is impossible to get used to"
,Not Recommended,264140,18323196,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Super,"Very unfinished, even though it came out of early access awhile a go. Stick with Terraria or Factorio for a good 2D sandbox game."
,Recommended,264140,22124503,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Gubbagoose,"This is a great game in my opinion. Killing entire crews just for a fishing rod, you can get tons of pet chickens, it's like paradise. Don't think that the game is just kill, plunder, buy, untill you can kill the legendary pirates, it can be super funny, i killed this guy for a bounty and his dying wish was to give me a cow named brandon but i do admit you'll have to grind alot.Bye the way here's a useful tip in the your crew menu when you click a pirate at the top there will be an option to pay them you better do this or they can turn hostile/dangerous. I recomond this game and I hope you enjoy it too!"
76561198086418143,Recommended,264140,22132127,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sarthos_Jacruga,"This game is something simple to pick up, has enough depth to warrant enough play time to justify it's price, but all in all, it is truly lacking one crucial aspect:Replay-ability.Sure, it's fun enough to run through, killing things, building a better ship, and so on. But after that, it falls right off. Personally, I do recommend it, just for that first full play through. It is a fun, enjoyable game, and if you really want to push yourself, you can find challenges and other things to make it fun again. Just know that it will eventually lose interest."
76561198123085178,Not Recommended,264140,22076876,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,KFTalentScout,"Game crashes randomly and doesn't seem like it's supported anymore. There are very rare updates but just too many issues for a game that's been ""in production"" this long..."
,Recommended,264140,17018084,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Terracraft,"I have a game-breaking issue on windows where my cursor acts like it is farther to the right then it actually is.***UPDATE***This glitch is only in fullscreen mode, but it is still annoying! Aside from that, the game is great."
76561198077759430,Recommended,264140,12440161,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Lenant,"After a LONG time, they finally fixed the bugs and the game is AWESOME!!"
,Not Recommended,264140,20710341,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"If your a mac user whos planning to play this game , think again. This game will not work on a mac at the time of writing (23rd January 2016). This review will be updated if this gets fixed."
76561198119668141,Recommended,264140,20169619,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,High Priest of the Sky beast,"I didn't like this game at first but when I gave it a chance it was pretty fun. I enjoyed building up my crew and taking on bigger and bigger enimes. I've had a few glicthes like not being able to move m cap'n beyond a ceatian poin, and even though giving the poop-cleaning up skill to sevaral pirates (Oh by the way your crew poops constantly) no one cleaned up the poop. TIPS: If you have this glicth just dock at an island and get rid of all of the solid blocks under the poop and it will fall into the ocean. If you like someones ship just take it, and having more crew is great. Fun if you like rouge-like games KEEP IN MIND THIS IS MY OPINION 7.5/10P.S. THE SUN HAS EYES"
,Not Recommended,264140,9580556,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,snakewrestlingmaster,"I was doing really well until I loaded a game and two of my crew get dropped overboard and killed off because of some programming glitch!!!  And firing the cannons could be a little easier, actually a lot of this game in all of its addictive glory could be a lot better!  Still a good game wait for it to go on sale for $5, or they fix the numerous glitches."
,Recommended,264140,20909165,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Lovimoo,A Nice Game! Played it for 2 months
,Recommended,264140,20839490,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,SkyCommision,"Yar har har, welcome to the game of piracy!Welcome to Pixel Piracy, the only game where poop matters!Watch your idiot crew members fight that one tribal guy!Clean some poop off the deck!Have a crew member turn on you!Cook?CUSTOMIZE YOUR SHIP WITH THE ADVANCED SHIP CONSTRUCTION TECHNOLOGYOh, and you could play a game of cards, too! How fun...BLOW CANNONBALLS AT YOUR ARCH NEMESIS!Did I mention that you can give crew members bras to restore their morale?HOLY JESUS THERE ARE PANDASThere's a pretty confusing system to move the captain and your crew members. You can put your members in certain groups, click the group at the top of the screen, then right click! You can left-click to move yourself, too.Have your swashbuckling 20+ band of pirates board Darryl's ship and kick his  butt!Impale his butt!DIg up BURIED TREASURE!I wasn't kidding at the beginning, poop actually does matter. You need to get someone to clean it off or else your crew'll get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and kill you if that poop isnt off the deck.At this point, I have no idea why i'm still writing this. It's really late, etc., so please, just buy this game.Oh, and if you die, don't worry! Beginner stuff, y'know? You'll get used to it!"
76561197993407943,Not Recommended,264140,21068797,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Bobson Dugnutt,"Might be good. Hell if I know, the tutorial didn't explain jack. I got as far as the game telling me to 'press spacebar to edit my ship,' After a billion or so spacebar presses, I concluded that no editing was to be had. I then proceeded to press every other button on my keyboard, and on my controller (which happened to be plugged in), to no avail. Proceeded to  uninstall and try another game."
76561198037500060,Recommended,264140,21058269,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Qwyo,"This is a pretty simple game.  Get crew members, build your boat, sail, fight other pirates, hunt for treasure.  Its a very straightforward system as well, doesnt take long to understand how the entire game works.  Despite its simplicity i found it very fun at first playing through, but it eventually became very repetitive because of its simple nature.  The early game felt very hard if you didnt grind out the necessary crew/levels that you need to go to the next difficulty tiers.  It felt this way until i beat the first legendary pirate and then it became very easy as it was just sailing and being bored steam rolling people with my overpowered crew.  I got at least 10 hours of fun from the game in all honesty.  This is a steal for how cheap the game is when it goes on sale; which is every sale... If you plan to get all the acheivements in this game, prepare yourself for a not very enticing grind.  There are a few that are just so boring and grindy it makes me really dislike them, but i already felt this way from the late game in all honesty.  Overall the game is probably a 6/10"
76561198027406905,Recommended,264140,21060673,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,xKROGOTHx,"I freaking love pirate games. I played the sheeit outta sid meier's pirates, and I just gotta get all the booty. In order to get all the booty u gotta buy this game. I paid  2 fockin pirate doubloons for the game<--cheapI made my poop deck more slippery than greased owl sharts. 69/69You can individually customize you crew members weapons, stats, and skills. You can customize your own booty ship. You can put mothafockin c4 on the enmy ship and send everyone to davy jones locker, or grand theft pirate ship and keep it for yourself. You can put explosives on a crew member, send him into a group of ten pirates and when he dieds he fockin blows everyone up. Travel the world to become the best pirate in the lands. Die of scurvies. Catch pets with cages like mothafockin pokemon. put all the pokemon on your ship so you gotta clean up all their liquid farts.11/10 I just started playing and ima keep on shootin' and lootin'"
76561198009624182,Recommended,264140,9448448,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Chilli Dog Dave,"Easily kept me busy for several hours, worth the price tag as it is!"
76561198069378477,Recommended,264140,11515727,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,BOT Jewboy,"This game makes me whip out my♥♥♥♥♥♥ cut it off, and put it in the USB port"
,Not Recommended,264140,11523195,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,[S8 Gaming] Sudo,Extremely glitchy. It can get boring very easily also. I just don't like it and will probably just delete it.
76561198001379789,Recommended,264140,11523580,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Odilein,Absolutley worth every single cent I paid!
76561198069380423,Not Recommended,264140,11524250,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,brosephjoseph81,"this game is very buggey. At first when I captured my first ship, my crew member was stuck in a wall. second, when my character faces starvation his hunger wont go up when I put food on the deck. this game still needs a lot of updates for it to be playable. Nice concept, extremely hard to play."
76561197971422610,Not Recommended,264140,11524735,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,hungrycookpot,"This feels like a poorly done flash game. The concept is really interesting, but the execution is severly lacking. AI is probably the biggest problem, none of your crew really does what you want them to do, and the menus are so bad its a struggle to attempt to tell them to do so. There is virtually no actual interaction with your ship, except for firing the cannons. Likely, your crew will starve and go insane from your♥♥♥♥♥♥covered boat long before you can find and buy cannon parts and get someone who can fire them. Once you do have them, they aren't very helpful, working somewhat like a support skill that fires a couple times before the melee combat. That being the case, you're essentially left with a game that consists of telling your crew to attack, and them throwing themselves off the side of the boat to do so.I would reccomend this game if the AI were more polished and the interface had some work done to it. You need to be able to set up more in depth orders and behaviors for your crew and ship, have some control over how you enter into engagements with enemy ships and islands, and a better system of management of your crews skills abilities and items. At this point, I cannot reccomend it."
,Recommended,264140,11524862,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Splyce dog,swab the poop deck
76561198078533514,Recommended,264140,11525158,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,First Consul,"I LOVE THEGAME, BERY PIRATY AND WELL JUST LOVIN IT!!"
76561198053655376,Recommended,264140,11525439,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Yoyo4games,"Fun, quirky, exciting...yet frusterating.I enjoy this game and how the mechanics behind it work, but there are a LOT of glitches. This is my 4th time restarting the game. I finally had a reliable crew, could clear islands, ships, and bounties one after the other, but I placed some meat on my ship, figuring it needed to be cooked I already had had my captain learn the skill required beforehand. Unfortunatly though, it seems that when pirates are introduced to raw food, they forget how to eat, even when said raw food is removed from the environment.In otherwords, if you're patient enough to wait for certain fetures to get fixed, this is an excellent buy. If glitches really♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, either wait, or don't buy this.PS: The system for catching animals/obtaining pets is garbage. With a 5% success chance per attempt by thowing the animal cage, I can't tell if NOT catching an animal with 107 attempts is just a fluke or another glitch."
76561197968490594,Not Recommended,264140,11526048,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,theLinx,I don't mind having my hand held... But a complete lack of info beyond WASD is just silly.
76561197966093580,Not Recommended,264140,11526706,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,ArchAngelPaladin,"Lot of micro managment, takes too long to acomplish anything, spend a lot of time just trying to get somewhere, and even with ""blur"" turned off it still looked hazy like you're drunk(if that is a art style then it's a bad art style).  Paid $8 for it and it still was a waste."
,Not Recommended,264140,11527273,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,IAmThawmus,"There was too much poop on the poopdeck, i lost morale IRL. 6/10.Game is buggy, but for 7 dollars (on sale) it will entertain you for at least an hour or two until you hit a game breaking bug."
,Recommended,264140,11527919,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Skinny Penis,"The game lost its challenge, just dont play it."
76561198085928420,Recommended,264140,11527995,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Vulnir,"Alright, so I got this as it published, and when I looked then all I saw were amazing positive reviews from people who played it and loved it. two days later the top three reviews are all against it, so I figured i'd post my own with my thoughts on the game.Pixel Piracy is an amazing concept and style of game that i myself have looked for for a while. the developers are extremely dedicated and even though there are a few bugs they are working very hard to fix them as soon as they find them, as I have already witnessed.Pros:Its a very fun rpg style rouge-like with allot of customization and reasonable difficulty. it has a cute but well done style and is very addicting.you can do pretty much whatever you want with the gamethe dev's are amazing and determined to make the game as good as it can be as fast as they can, and though there are still bugs past full release, within three days they posted 4 patches fixing a very large number of them and adding lots of content as well. most of the problems ive seen people having so far are due to not being used to the style of rougelike, because i think that the idea of your crew members having a mind of their own and picking their own target, or deciding what to do based on morale or hunger is allot of fun and an interesting challenge.Cons:Though it has been fully released, there are some AI problems which I hope will be fixed soon, since everyone is already complaining about them I wont bother to add to it.The Pricing of items is a little off when it comes to selling weapons, because i've never heard of an oyster shell being worth a crap ton of swords.What makes up for the cons is that it still is pretty easily ignorable and the dev's are determined to fix them as we speak. if you don't mind waiting a few weeks or playing with a bug or two I absolutely recommend playing this game, its addicting interesting and has an insane amount of potential. I'll also edit this as I can think of more, but I love the feel of the game and the potential it has and I don't mind letting the dev's do their magic behind the game so I can enjoy a pirate filled gem of awesome just ready to be complete.If you don't mind a bug or two, or just really love role playing games, or even just a very hard working dedicated developer team I recommend buying this game, you will enjoy it for many hours and by the time you complete it, they will have added some more content to try out"
,Recommended,264140,11295149,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,CrimsonHawkMoth,If this game were a potato it would be a good one 10/10
76561198123401706,Not Recommended,264140,11691007,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,LikeABoss,terrible game this is the worst gameplay ever. I dont even know how it is connected to terarria because terarria is amazing! I am very dissapointed.
,Recommended,264140,12191782,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,RoaringMenstrualDemon,"I don't like Pixels, but I like Piracy"
76561198155617801,Recommended,264140,12192775,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,notacatindisguise,i liked the game but i would like if we could have cannons to kill from afar of if i could kill a town at a hard difficulty but for alot of money
,Recommended,264140,12193918,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,RAP-GAME CONCERNED FATHER,the game is funny because you get to make a white pirate of any sort and get to kill exclusively brown and yellow natives because i have no idea
76561198042680691,Not Recommended,264140,12194272,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,MvAsD,to like this kind of game is to have a love for a text based game....patient and alot of knowing before playing
,Recommended,264140,12196394,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Blue,"This game makes me smile and giggle ^.^ much enjoyment, and at times frustration, but mostly enjoyment :D"
,Recommended,264140,17784638,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,JRV,"At first I HATED the game because I thought it was way too confusing and frustrating, but then I gave it another chance and I am LOVING THIS GAME! I wish there was DLC for weapons and costumes and maybe even themes or ages in time. If you are thinking about buying this game...JUST DO IT!"
,Recommended,264140,16951267,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,krzysztofg1,"This is one of those games in which you dont want to play, but if you do, you cant stop playing! It seems repetitive in the beginning, but the futher from the starting islands you get the funner the game is!"
76561198155013354,Recommended,264140,16965304,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,leahcar18,"Now with all the original bugs fixed, this game is GREAT! A fun way to pass time. Still, nothing is more heart breaking than when you lose a high level pirate to drowning... R.I.P. Twatface Scrub. You were a great captain."
76561197972184169,Not Recommended,264140,16967465,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Whelan,"It pains me to have to leave a bad review for this game as I have had a lot of fun with it. But ultimately the game has been going downhill for a while now. We currently have a lag issue that means the game has to be reloaded quite often if you want a good size crew, and we have been told that the devs will try and improve it but are not willing to rewrite all the code needed to fix it properly.And that seems to be the problem with the game in general at the moment, bug are not being fixed they are just papering over the cracks. They say they have not abandoned the game, but it certainly feels like the focus has shifted heavily to their new projects.If you can get it dirt cheap in a sale, then maybe throw a few quid at it. But other than that I would say stay away, especially if you are the type that’s blood starts to boil when you run into bugs."
,Recommended,264140,16835561,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Carrot Cat,"I love it, it's like terraria and Assasins Creed 4, hunting down pirates or drinking rum, whatever your style, you will love it! If you have played terraria, it plays similar. (minus giant flesh walls and huge eyes and robot skulls)"
76561197972270705,Recommended,264140,9937729,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,demongoldfish,"I've recently come back to this game and it's now amazing. My previous review is as follows and pretty much all of these problems have been fixed""Good in concept but buggy to the point of being unplayable.Pirates will randomly fall through blocks into sea killing them. Purchases will not turn up in inventory. Pirates will randomly turn and kill other crew members (not sure if it's a glitch but there's no explenation given even when morale is good) and auto saves can be game endingly glitchy (IE saves right at the point of death so you just come back and die again.Lastly it would probably be a good idea to mention that you can only play this on mac if you allow it to run in beta mode (not knowing that wasted a good 15 minutes googling answers).And maybe this is just because I suck but the dificulty curve is like a brick wall.Lots of potential just not polished enough yet."""
76561198071895271,Recommended,264140,11134631,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Mr. Fister,it's a good game with is iseus but you don't realy notice them but it's nto out yet
,Recommended,264140,17133165,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Redalive,I played a total of 117 hours in 1 day. And the thing that scares me is a day is only 24 hours.
76561198109145854,Recommended,264140,16886524,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,ablazetok,Great game
,Recommended,264140,17668918,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Fricken Chorch,"a good game,the developers call it a open world rouguelike pirate simulator or a open world roguelike pirate simits shorter,and it said in the video"
,Not Recommended,264140,17717384,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,DarkNetFan,"Game doesn't start on Linux. It shows the options screen, then a short clip, then a black screen that crashes after about 15 seconds. I even dug through the thread on the forums about linux compatablility and tried to start it in various ways from the console - which I shouldn't have to do in the first place considering other games run fine on Linux.Don't tell me your game works on Linux if you haven't tested. This isn't a beta any more. Waste of money."
76561198115574823,Recommended,264140,17641767,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Quiet,"Great music, cute graphics, gameplay is engaging, YOU CAN BUILD YOUR OWN SHIP WITH CANNONS,  funny character voices and permadeath. I really enjoyed watching my fishermen reel in food for a more sustainable ship. Great game for a more than reasonable asking price."
76561198057785714,Not Recommended,264140,17586000,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,SpaceCodet,I had a yes vote for this game. I came back to it months later and found it's not worth playing. They keep messing around with it and are making the game worse. So in all good conscious. I changed my vote.
,Recommended,264140,17787503,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Starlight,"I'm quite happy with this game. It's older versions, especially when it was pulled from Early Access into a full release, were absolutely terribe, this game is constantly improving because the devs actually listened. The devs got together, read the reviews on this game, then posted a rather lengthy letter of apology, and promised to make the game better.AND SO FAR THEY DID!A lot of the early glitches that I had are now gone, like crew not following orders and such, crew actually do something about not being paid, which is also useful. I'm one of those lone captains who has a small crew of very skilled and tight knit fighters. Everyone knows basically how to do everything, and I keep it at top shape.The game is much more playable than it was before. I am quite happy with how it's turning out, and the devs are still going at it. Keep an eye on this one. It should still be in Early Access, but at least the devs are actually cleaning up the mistake that they made and making it better.All in all, I do believe it's fun. It's got that simulation feel to it that I like, plenty of comedy, lots of pirates, and plenty of alcohol to go around.My rating of this game: 7.0/10Passable, and possibly even good. I'll keep playing it, just to see what it may become."
,Recommended,264140,17544907,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Wolf The Hunter,Best pirate game i have played.
,Recommended,264140,17545300,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lunerd,"You have a crew, and the rum is always gone. what the ♥♥♥♥ torn."
,Recommended,264140,17875018,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Felix the autistic child,"Hard to learn, but awesome!Steal from ships, or even plunder them for gold.Murder the best pirates around!Do piracy without serving your execution trialBecome the most fearsome pirate ever!CONS:I hate how you can't hire a retrubitionist to bring back old crew members.I had trouble with the sailing systemI wish you didn't have men die of SPIDERS"
,Recommended,264140,15131485,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,The Chad Slayer,Ok. Now I frickin LOVE THIS!
76561198065471301,Recommended,264140,16631493,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,CrowHands,Very fun I liked it a lot I would recomend it to anyone
,Recommended,264140,16637165,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gangzterhamzter,"It really is a Pirate Simulator. This was my favorite game, until it stopped working. Make sure your graphics card is good enough before buying this 2-D side scroller. But I can still run Skyrim."
76561198025604634,Recommended,264140,10010544,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,starkwolf,"As frustrating as bugs can be sometimes, this game has been generally enjoyable for me. The ability to reload a game to before a bug can mitigate much of this problem. Quite a bit like the trailer, except that if you do what was done in the trailer you will get yourself killed extremely fast! It is incredibly difficult to get started, but the longer you last, the easier it gets. A very casual game, though multiplayer is planned in the distant future."
76561198006668585,Not Recommended,264140,10021472,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Kye,"I'm a little disappointed with this game. The controls are a little confusing and unclear, and the visuals are cluttered and a little too flashy. Of course, it's no where near done yet. I do expect more from the makers of Terraria, and so I will be keeping an eye on it. That said, I do not feel as though the game as it is right now was worth my money."
,Recommended,264140,10023965,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,SugarShark64,"Very good game!This game gets a bit annoying because of the phrases the pirates say but other than that it is very fun (and addicting!) and can have some stressing battles and conflicts. Another good thing about this game is that the places are all randomly generated the area located the loot and the battles all but the names, but that is what makes this game cool, it is random but organized at the same time! Jolly rogarr! And have a good plunder!"
76561198125999630,Recommended,264140,10024328,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,TH3mu113t,"the game is amazing, but its deleted my data twice now"
,Recommended,264140,12400803,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,[Cog] Chadack,This game is ok The controles are strange though at least thats my own opinion
76561198073619499,Not Recommended,264140,12401267,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,GR3G,"This game gets super boring once you've bought everything and... -Found out what the cheat codes were f8 :P 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9 etc do diffrent things all i know is 1 restores Morale and health"
76561198011744926,Recommended,264140,17076326,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Captain Mlargh,"easy to play game with fun mechanics, let down a bit with performance issues. i suffer lag very rarely on my computer but this game starts dropping frame rates after 20-30 mins of gameplay. It takes a few minutes to go from minor lag to game breaking."
,Recommended,264140,17296145,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Solid Cthulhu Big Boss Snake,"Seriously addicting and fun as hell.+ Individual pirates Level Up the more you use them, and they therefore get better at whatever task you've assigned them.+ You get to build your ship from a tiny little dingy into a bobdamn unsinkable behemoth of F U.+ Tons of strategic management on all kinds of levels.+ Like many of the best strategy games, you get to pause whenever and however you like, thus affording you complete control over how the battles (on foot) are managed.+ Ship battles are a literal blast, so long as you've stocked up on cannon balls.+ Murder the crap out of the Legendary Pirates, and then take their ship or plunder it for salvage.+ Though small and repetitive in the areas of travel, things are randomized just enough from island to island to have kept me very well invested for over 40+ hours.- Glitchy and, at least 5 months ago when this was all I played for a few weeks, there were a few nasty problems that may or may not have been resolved since; such as the game freezing or suddenly no longer accepting command input, thus trapping you/myself in the menu with no way out.- Again, this may have been fixed by now, but the only real gripe I had with the game despite the $2.99 price tag, was that in a town, because your idiot crew all love to get drunk at the pub, it got to be a freaking hassle trying to group select them all in time to either keep them on the ship, or to get the A.I. to stay on task the first or second time I gave the order to return to the ship.- Where, further, this was made exasperating more so because of how long it takes your scallywags to grapple back on to the ship your first go, as well as the rare instance when the magnitude of pirates all trying to get aboard all at once suddenly leaving the only one I hadn't trained how to swim to be knocked into the ocean and drown like a little jackass.Nonetheless, however, I loved it and give it an honest 7.5 of 10, and would even say it's a solid Indie 8.2 of 10, if they've fixed said problems from almost half a year ago (which they very well could have.)GO for it! Especially if the price is still insanely awesome. I'd would have paid $10 for this game even, I had such a good time playing it."
,Not Recommended,264140,17996712,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,mrpatan,I couldn't understand it
76561197974112108,Recommended,264140,17946523,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,SpidyM,"Great idea and lots of fun.... you choose from a few options and set sail..... hire crew members... buy weapons parts for ship including cannons, food, sails and various other parts... You start off with a basic raft...but you can attack and capture enemy ships...or build your own up from a previous design.... plenty to do ...you can go fight pirates..or go on assassination misions....take on legendary pirates.. .or just sail around and upgrade... every character has his on RPG like screen where you spend points to become stronger or wotever....better aim blah blah.... Ive not played the game in a few months but heres my pros and consPros1 - Big open world, explore it at your leisure.2 - Pixel graphics look good, you can change a few settings to optimise this3 - Fun combat, plenty of weapons to use and every encounter is different4 - Brilliant RPG system which keeps you hooked and wanting to kill for more points5 - Lots of extras like pets and various bits n pieces you can buy from shops makes it more funCons1 -  game can be slightly repetative play and moving from 1 area to the next... loading takes time.2 - combat although good fun its hard to find your player sometimes with all the enemies and your own crew so you end clicking everywhere and hoping for the best3 - Islands all look the same ...maybe a bit longer and shorter but generally all the same..((not played this since Feb 2015) so this review is a bit late and maybe out of date... ))"
,Recommended,264140,17939818,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Kokuzi,I reckon this game is the most hilarious pirate game of all time. But the biggest tip in the game is NEVER USE THE KABOOM. Thought I would really like this game better if the songs you sing in the tavern are always being played in the background.
76561198136646251,Recommended,264140,17915704,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,crazyattic123,awsome game but one thing is that i cant figure out is that how do i delete games on my mac ? Pls reply
76561198069127456,Recommended,264140,18023182,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,MALPHITE,"funny game, good play time. just plain fun"
76561198112441819,Not Recommended,264140,17513723,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Sithris,"I want to like this game. I really do, but it's not making it easy.I have re-installed and unintalled multiple times over the months to see if it's getting better, but I've yet to be impressed.The game is simply too uncontrollable to be fun. The tutorial is poorly written, hard to follow, and doesnt explain a thing about fighting. More than once I have watched helplessly as my captain walks onto a beach, just to get hit by some other pirate, fly a mile up. and land in the ocean, only to drown pathetically and reward me with a ""game over"" screen.There are so many other things I could say, but I'm not a fan of leaving large complaints.If you like rough-likes that make you fail whilst you pretty much just watch, then sure, this game is for you. If not..."
,Recommended,264140,17922112,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Linkaning,It is a good.
76561197962404478,Not Recommended,264140,17935899,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,.BillBert,Feels broken
76561198044700715,Not Recommended,264140,17913200,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Dr. Skeletor,"Ugly, micromanagement heavy and yet difficult to control. These combined make for a frustrating execution of an interesting idea."
,Recommended,264140,15514888,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,loganjamesalex,"Much much much better now that the ""Enhanced Edition"" is complete and the game feels full. I had really enjoyed the idea of this game and I am so glad that I can finally enjoy playing its a blast"
76561198042266792,Recommended,264140,13792595,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,linkofrune,"I would definitely recommend this game. I've been playing with this little sandbox game from around day one. It really is small, but even today there is hope. Theres bugs but thats surely to change. Who would leave such a wonderful game lieing in pieces. Any way tons of fun to be had. Pirateing and plundering. The worlds needed a pirate game such as this. Long as the devs keep there word and keep updateing and makeing it a true dream 4/26/2015 after final? enhancement..... I almost gave this game a negitive and started to shoot these guys down.... The really ♥♥♥♥ed up a nice genre,  and there game was pretty shotty at times. Much better now. I hope the devs learned a lesson.. And next time, more then one guy on bug codeing please....NEEDS MORE TO DO."
76561198008701498,Recommended,264140,15616624,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Smartx,"This game was horrible when it first came out. However, the developers have realized their mistake and fixed the game, and are planning on adding more and more features. In my eyes, they are completely forgiven for their folly and deserve this positive review.Buy the game, it's worth it. Let it suprise you. The first 10-20 minutes are hard and you think, why is this interesting? but after that it gets insanely addictive and fun!"
,Recommended,264140,15600323,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Okidokie98,"It is a awesome game, but you need to learn the game to fully master it and to win the game."
76561198178490194,Recommended,264140,15600599,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,iamcrzzy,this is a good game and very fun
,Recommended,264140,15601637,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DudleyTheDude,"great game, worth the money. I like the fact you can just explore the islands and build up your ship and crew. good graphics and lots of features"
76561198056823592,Recommended,264140,15595636,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,xXAmanoXx,Best Lazy Town Pirate Simulator of 201411/10
76561198038782033,Not Recommended,264140,15524136,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Braxyn,"After todays update the game is broken, Cleaners wont clean up poo and every battle has a very high chance of your entire crew dying because they all just turn on each other. :( Really enjoy the game but it is kinda unplayable right now."
,Not Recommended,264140,15525419,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,DatFarmer,Turorial doesnt show you anything useful and if you skip it you're left completely on your own with no idea how to do anything. There are several glitches in the game such as infinite grappeling if you misclick. The turorial itself is incopletable by not telling you what to do except for the vague idea that you should be able to click it wether it being your browser or in game.
,Recommended,264140,15520940,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Cyclop,"Pixel PiracyPositives vs Negatives:-) Positives :-)-A lot of game time.-Cute graphics.-Legit pirate experience.:-( Negatives :-(-More accurate control of the crew.-Bugs A-hoy.Results: 73/100  NotableInfo:Genre: Indie RPGPublisher: Quadro Delta, Re-LogicDeveloper: Vitali Kirpu, Alexander PoyskyPrice: 9,99 (Steam)Minimun System Requirements:OS: Windows 7Processor: 1.6 GHZMemory: 1 GB RAMGraphics: Pixel Shader Capable Graphics cardDirectX: Version 9.0cHard Drive: 200 MB available space"
76561197961667473,Not Recommended,264140,15392877,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Jarrell Cummings,"Buggy and unfinished. This game seems to have some fun core mechanics, but graphical and gameplay bugs will make you not finish it. This game should still be in the beta stages, and no one in their right mind should buy it for more than $1 in a Humble Bundle. The RPG elements and ship combat are fun, but so poorly refined that it is not worth recommending to anyone that has a desire to play this game for more than a week. Disappointing. Thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,264140,13950629,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Bonhart,"Mac version is unplayable right now. The ""spacebars menus"" doesn't stand, so you can't do anything.Edit: Still unplayable. The Spacebar/escape menu doesn't stand. So I can't enter the tabern and shops and all that stuff."
,Recommended,264140,15405927,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Almost Amish,"Gamers are so spoiled by the constant flood of great games indie developers are giving us that we pick and choose and easily, puposely ignore games that we'd have died to play 10 years ago. I've only really sampled this game but a quick look at the relationship between developer and community alone should make it clear that this is one of those games that deserves a look. Pixel Piracy is a justification for Early Access and hopefully also an example of the way all games will be made in the future, near and far."
,Recommended,264140,15407206,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Akar,"Pixel Piracy! Whats not to love? The terraria-style graphics and the lovable characters make this game a no-brainer- if this game is your type of genre. This style of game doesn't suit me personally but I love the gameplay, graphics, and everything in between. Its not that I dislike the game, its just that I prefer MOBAS.(DotA 2 as an example) But that is just my opinion. If this style of game suits you, than it is totally worth it."
,Not Recommended,264140,15530897,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Salty MD,"I've had this game 2 months after it's original launch. I really want to like this game,really. But I payed $15 for it, and I didn't get what was promised from that time.Yes, we got a major update, but that only fixed what made the game complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ Things that should've been there since release.The AI is incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The gunners (cannon using pirates) will shoot cannonballs at your own ship if any enemy boards it. They also aim for ""enemy"" chickens, when I'd much rather be shooting the pirates.This game is very buggy, and if you own linux, it's absolutely unplayable. Also, I run Grid 2 at 60 fps but can't run Pixel Piracy at 30? That's absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The audio is so bad, I mute it and play music instead. Every pirate has one voice line which they repeat every couple seconds/when the captain gives a command. You can't even hear yourself think!As for the game itself, just don't play easy mode, it's really too easy.If you however do this is what it may or may not be like.the beginning is very boring, you need to force yourself to play for 4 hours-ish. Then you start grinding and hiring pirates and grinding higher level enemies, then getting more pirates.Woorst part is, the devs stopped giving there focus to this. They rushed it out of EA and are just moving on.Overall, if this is game is on sale, possibly get it. But me? I payed $15, and what was promised on release wasn't given on release."
76561198067215025,Recommended,264140,15771209,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Larry the Ball-Tickler,"After the trick Steam pulled with ""Towns"", I must say I was not too keen on purchasing another early access game. Since the game looked pretty fun, the publics opinion was generally quite positive and the price of the game on sale was low enough however, I decided to give early access another go with ""Pixel Piracy"". Boy, am I glad I did! Even without the sale, the game would've been worth every single penny.Sailing the seven deep, blue pixel seas, you're given the possibility to do everything you'd ever want to do as a pirate. Plunder and loot. Dig up buried treasure. chug a bottle of rum. Find a parrot to put on your shoulder. Scrub the poopdeck. Suffer from scurvy and hurry to the closest port or island to find yourself some vitamins. As the game progresses, you steal and/or buy more and more parts that you use to build a ship to your liking. And if you come across an enemy with a better looking ship, the slaughter the lot and just commandeer the thing: You're a pirate after all. The game has a great atmosphere and allows for a lot of customisation. It's good for a many hours of pirate fun.Being early access, it does have some obvious flaws. Though there is enough to go around for now, the game's content, end-game in particular, is still a bit lacking. Some of the game's mechanisms, cannons in particular, are still a bit clunky and can be frustrating at times. That being said, the developers of the game are probably some of the most active and involved I've ever seen. They seem to have a pretty good idea of what the public expects from the game and constantly work towards that idea. So far, I've seen them dish out updates on a weekly basis - if not even more frequently - each of them fixing large bugs, improving the gameplay and adding new content. Thanks to this, I can guarantee you that even in its current state, the game is and will be worth your money.TL:DRPros-Great atmosphere, lovely pirate humor-Lots of customisation-Fixes, finetuning and new content on a regular basisCons-Content in some departments still a bit lacking. It grows somewhat stale late-game.-Some mechanisms still a bit clunky, frustrating and/or micromanagement intensive"
76561198048939123,Recommended,264140,15751422,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Solid,Blood gushing pots 10/10
,Recommended,264140,15751916,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Akiraj,Gmae is great and they update it once a week at leastThere are some bugs but i have a lot of fun with it 8.5/10
,Recommended,264140,15754820,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Pekka,worth to buy much fun in this game get it now now now
76561198072592225,Not Recommended,264140,13161687,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,faust.twi,buggy.====good work guys. now it's unplayable. ♥♥♥♥ developers.
,Not Recommended,264140,13169732,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Watanabe,"A lot of hassle to get running (on win8), when it worked the menus were totally unintuitive and it all lacks polish. This should still be in alpha/beta."
,Recommended,264140,13172484,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Oh,"I set sail from East Blue with my Nakama, Looking for High adventure!!! On sale!!!!, nice season filler till flagships stuff come out.... controls need some getting used to."
76561198069792279,Recommended,264140,13176452,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mayo5,"Seen all the hipe but didnt expect it to be all that great, I was very wrong. Great game!"
76561197998455554,Not Recommended,264140,13177234,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Oldmanfang,"Just doesnt grab me, its kinda fun but doesnt last long."
,Recommended,264140,13177408,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,bigvido,"This game was frustrating at first to learn (lots of micro-managing skills stuff I didn't really catch onto until 3-4hrs into the game). The difficulty feels like FTL (Faster Than Light) easy mode status (which is hard mode for a noobie like me lol). But anyways all in all my thought on it right now:The build up to play this game at first is super addicting:You die a lot, most the times by drowning LEARN SWIM (which makes you mad and want to keep playing)You figure out there are some pretty cool skills to learn if you got the goldYou try to micro manage a little fleet (with thier skills/weapons/postions etc..)The higher you progress up the ""Danger"" Meter the different enemies and ships you will see (not much of a variety)The anti-climatic end game:All the Legendary bosses are the same difficulty, (no scaling of which order to go after)The Legendrary weapons that drop have no unique abilites that makes them feel bad♥♥♥♥♥(they dont feel special :(  )The Legendary battles aren't epic at all, just another ship battleUnless you're really tedious about being micro-managy you will never have a full fleet because there are so many morale and special perks issues that your ship will never be happy and they will turn on you so you only end up with about 12 little piratesThe Plundering aspect at the end of the game would be good and all but for me I can't see the entertainment of getting the same cheap gear, and fighting the same battlesFinal Thought:I feel like I said more negative then good about it XD lol, It's a game, its pretty good, and will be addicting, but in the end will leave you feeling like ""Was that it?.. after all the work you put into learning it. I'm still going to reccomend it though a majority of the game is worth it, it's just the ending part I'm not so pleased with."
,Not Recommended,264140,13177471,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Hemebond,Not fun. AI and controls are frustrating.
,Not Recommended,264140,13270657,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,0x4C4A,"The idea is good, but the actual product is severely lacking. It's interesting in the beginning, but you realise it's incredibly limited very soon and then the game just turns into a boring drag.I definitely do not recommend this game in it's current state."
76561198042335897,Not Recommended,264140,13255401,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Orchestralus,"I miss the money I wasted on this game. It makes me wanna cry.You can either buy this or a couple bags of candy.At least the candy will last a while, and leave a good taste in your mouth.Dont buy this game."
76561198052582282,Not Recommended,264140,13264236,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Lord von Fleck,"Early access, this was a great game.  Not alway agreed with the direction the devs took to imrove the game... but overall, it was good, frequent and meaningful updates... and then all of a sudden it went final release, missing some of the most anticipated features... features that were promised over and over... even when it went final release, the devs still made a strongly worded update declaring their intentions to prodivde FREE DLC(ish) to add the promised features in.  As has been mentioned before, these features revolved around building your own base, and slaves.  And so far... broken promises (gladly change this if the devs follow through)."
,Recommended,264140,13268734,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,! 💗 B E A M O R E O ',โครตนุกเลย
76561198033863050,Not Recommended,264140,13802211,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,cjordan,"This game does not appear to be finished.  Graphics glitches, suboptimal performance, and unimplemented or unexplained features (parrots offer host +25% - what the hell is a host?)  make this feel like an early access game.  As a full release, I do not recommend it.  I picked it up thinking it was still in early access for $2.49.  I think I got about my money's worth out of it.  I do not recommend buying it at full price, and I only suggest buying it if you are willing to deal with an unfinished, sometimes buggy product that may or may not be fixed/upgraded/completed at some time in the future.Another early access miscarraige."
,Recommended,264140,13805842,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Kleaver,10/10 !Adorable characters and great soundtracks.I love and enjoy it very much!I kinda like the features in the game very much.Hope to see multiplayer mode someday. (lol)
76561197993969676,Not Recommended,264140,13894001,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Eli Astronomicus,"This is the game that made me say ""never again"" to Early Access. Other reviews have detailed the bugs here, so I won't go into all that's wrong with the game. But from the Early Access perspective, as players we buy into Early Access because we believe in a concept and want to financially support independent developers. It's always a risk that the game won't turn out the way we hope, but we expect a genuine effort on the part of the developer to try to deliver on their promise. The promise of this game sounded great, and there are some solid gameplay ideas in here, but the developer took the money and abandonded the game. I learned a great lesson here; never trust a game developer on their promises. In the future, I will wait for a finished product before I put down my money. It's unfortunate that developers like this are going to ruin the crowd-funding paradigm, but it's inevitable that, with experiences like this, more and more players will refuse to take these risks."
,Not Recommended,264140,13897536,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ShooterMcGvn,"I can see a photograph of a dog wearing glasses, saying, ""I have no idea what I am doing.""I should have read the reviews. It's not clear what steps to take getting started. I'm not asking to have my hand held, just a little push would be nice. Perhaps some storyline? Looks like this game will never be. Waste of money.0/10"
,Recommended,264140,13900898,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,[PT] Prospect,"I was afraid this game wouldn't be very much i would be into. But i gave it a shot and boy did i get shot!This game is amazing!Putting the feel of being a pirate and actually making choices that helps you expand in one game!You get to decide which of your pirate do what, have what weapons!and the best part...Even though there are birds pooping on your deck, and when you finally get you Cleaning book and teached it to somebody... They don't mop that♥♥♥♥♥♥up. THEY KICK IT INTO THE OCEAN! Yarrrr!9.5/10 bird poops!"
76561198094609232,Not Recommended,264140,13886143,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,iceydragon2,it is not working and may just screen freze you :(
,Recommended,264140,13541573,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Maidmento,"Love this game. Bought it cause i saw the Yogscast, play it and it was so much fun spent at least 10 hours on it!"
76561198111868371,Recommended,264140,13542786,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Harshmellow,"Lived up to my hype. This game is amazing! I mean, I love it.The graphics are very pleasing to me, especially the lighting. And, the overall atmosphere is very nice. :)As far as exploration goes, I think it does well. It could use some work, I suppose, but I think it's well done."
76561198129223193,Recommended,264140,13544294,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,v2visualcade,"Not only is the game great, but the team is even better! There have been ups and downs but i tell u this game is here to stay, i love the idea, i would like more ship customization, but will always check out whats new when an update comes out, definetly worth buying, hes also gavin a little christmas cheer, if u know what it is!"
,Not Recommended,264140,13466174,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,IceTv,Found it tedious and boring
,Recommended,264140,11086562,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,nArrAtor,This is for the beta tests.Please don`t erase the game data that frequently. Please at least give a backup or the boredom of the begining of the game never ends.
,Recommended,264140,11501147,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Vonsha☣,This game is awesome i reccomend buying it if you dont want me to bring the pro pain  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Not Recommended,264140,17063031,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,LordJord,"Everyone wants to have a fun pirate game where you can loot ♥♥♥♥♥es and get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on rum. Pixel piracy features both of these requirements but it is sooooo buggy. Especially for mac. I understand ""Mac n00b"" and such, but it is far too buggy to even play. I know/ hope they will improve this so I am able to carry on with my looting and drunkerdness"
,Not Recommended,264140,17068144,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Mjax?,"I'm going to be frank, I don't like this game at all. I do not understand it, and the game does not make any attempt to explain itself in a clear way... I feel like I was just dropped into a world with a set ammount of cash and no idea what I'm supposed to buy with it, The controls feel weird and the mechanics are very poorly explained. I can't say I would reccomend this game Unless you REALLLY reasearch it before hand."
,Recommended,264140,15572091,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Mixed Nuts,Fun managemant game for Pirate esc. senarios.
,Recommended,264140,17027173,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,NiiX,just WTF!
,Not Recommended,264140,17307622,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Giant barbie egg,Please let me die.
,Recommended,264140,17311785,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,NemoKhan,"Not a bad little simple game, but the issue is that there's no endgame or variation in the game. The only differences are enemy levels and weapons. You just get more and more powerful with a larger and larger crew and do nothing else.For an occasionally time-waster, excellent, but you won't be putting your heart and soul into this game."
,Recommended,264140,17268607,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Pappers,Amazin.
76561198107559338,Recommended,264140,17109621,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,4 y a r d o,Simply addicting its really fun and great when you learn to play I don't understand why people dislike this game its a very very fun game and one of my top favorites! Your doing a great job devs THIS GAME IS AWESOME!
76561198046961562,Recommended,264140,17109764,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Squidmaan™,"I have no knowledge on this game but what I do have is a nifty Chicken Tacos recipeServes 4Ingredients1 store-bought rotisserie chicken2 cups store-bought red or green salsa 8 taco shells1 cup (4 ounces) grated Cheddar or Monterey Jack cheese8 sprigs fresh cilantro (optional)1/2 cup sour cream1 avocado,chopped 1 lime, quarteredDirections1. Remove the meat from the chicken and shred.2. Heat the salsa in a skillet over medium heat. Add the chicken and heat until warmed through.3. Fill the taco shells with the chicken and top with cheese and cilantro (if desired). Serve with the sour cream, avocado, and lime wedges on the side.Enjoy ( ͡°╭͜ʖ╮͡° )"
,Not Recommended,264140,17276429,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,PottyLight,"If you think this game will be like Terraria but pirate its not...And no, you don't use w,a,s and d to movie you point and click..."
76561198141729067,Recommended,264140,16580680,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Crayon Bazooka,Good for mindless fun.Bought it for $3.49 during the Summer Sale and I am happy with it.Don't expect there to be an immersive storyline or any real plot because this is not what the game is about.LOL just have fun.
,Not Recommended,264140,16773486,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Zechie ♥,This game would have been more fun in the long run if they hadn't abandoned it.
76561198049912988,Not Recommended,264140,16667020,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Waterlegends,"Just terrible, I bought it on sale about a year ago for a dollar and I still regret it.The controlls are unnessasarally complicated and unresponsive and the game play is just plain boring"
,Not Recommended,264140,16392818,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ronarscorruption,"THough interesting and fun, one major flaw of the game is the dramatically slow movement. After exploring an island, wait 30 seconds for all your pirates to trudge back across the map! Want to change areas? Wait 60 seconds for your ship to sail there! (Possibly, this is a loading screen, but considering the scope of the game, it seems not).If there was some way other than finding rare skills and levelling them up to a high level to fix this, this game would go from good to amazing. As is, it's only good....*several days later*You know, it's really funny. By the time you have enough people with the 'move quickly skill' at a decent level, the game hits a way worse problem: major slowdown. Once you reach a crew size of about 10, you're going to have to be even MORE patient, as the game gets as slow as molasses.Apparently it's some combination of an overactive debugging log that you can't turn off, and not using more than one thread in memory, forcing more things to wait for everything else to finish before contuining. It gets unplayable in the late game."
,Recommended,264140,16767175,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,m@,Well for starters this game is great.But they can make a lot of inprovment for instence your crew cost WAY to much starting from the pay and the foodmaby they cut down the prices of the food and take more time to need to be payed.I hope you will take time to think about this.
,Recommended,264140,10950740,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,lyfti,You can kick♥♥♥♥♥♥from your Ship. 10/10 obviously.
,Recommended,264140,10952274,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,GreenLantern564,"Got it, i though you know its cheap , ill get a few hours game play ....... NOPE.... way more then that ... I've been playing 17 hours on one play through and still not finished... CATCH IT WHILE ITS ON SALE.... awesome game"
76561197967719965,Recommended,264140,10953655,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Del Ave,"Funny, complex and absolutely time consuming to the max... YOu can be sure you loose some 100h to it without noticing it... but you will have fun doing so"
76561198055784655,Recommended,264140,11145235,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,ARthunda,I adore this game and even though the bugs can be fustrating i cant seem to stop playing it
76561198081893503,Recommended,264140,11145564,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,WastelandParadise,"Surprisingly good! For a early access game, I think that this game is for to a solid start. A lot of emphasas on progression. If you want to get the full feel of this game, be prepared to spend a good hour to 2 hours per play session. To make things simple, I would recomend this game."
76561198021572886,Recommended,264140,9563930,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Ayylien,"This game is one of the best Pixel Kinda Side scroller action and strategy game all rolled up I have seen in a while, I am saying that this game is worth Fifteen dollars easily, I hope the creator of this game makes more updates to make the game even better than before!"
76561198044898074,Recommended,264140,12290547,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,BabyCakeThunderByrd,Great game. So much stuff to do and discover. Incredible Customability!!! And fun stories with the poop and the Bio of pirates.I enjoy to play it. I'll play it more BUT plz do something with the CONTROLS.Mostly the shop interface and the inventory.Catogories of the inventory could be nice. Morale items with morale items. Food with Food...You can get quite angry scrolling down.It's a non sens.
,Recommended,264140,12296988,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,^w ^c7 DreamCrusher,-Picked this game up using a 25% off coupon.-Proceded to play 11hrs straight in one day.-I regret nothing.
,Recommended,264140,12365939,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Finnerss,This is one of the best games i have ever played! Give me that loot!
76561198023459068,Recommended,264140,12375373,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,[JERK] Blastomite,"Great mechanics, Great theme, sea shantys are delightful.Seems like it would be perfect for a big picture mode / console / controller game."
76561198109725114,Recommended,264140,12376938,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,PenguinGuy,Why does this game get so much HATE?Well i dont know i love it maybe if the price tag went down idk.WELL BUY THIS GAME ITS AMAZING.
,Recommended,264140,12362822,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Rebry,"A totally awesome game. Allittle hard in the start beacause of the little weak tutorial, but nevertheless a really good game where you gather crew, tech them the skills needed to survive (like swiming, cleaning up your own poop, cooking, cannon 101) level up until you think you can take out the 4 pirate kings, and call yourself the only one pirate king."
,Recommended,264140,12200234,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,SPS_Vodkajim,first try>Start with extra pirate>he poops on my new boat>I poop on my new boat>attacked pirate ship>DiedSecond Try>start with strong sword>attack pirate ship>I WON>poop on my own boat>explore island>get killed by tribesmenA wonderfully silly roguelike with lots of yaar's and lots of poop
,Not Recommended,264140,12202184,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Serivas,"One time, one dude ran to the edge of the ship to toss out some♥♥♥♥♥♥ hit another dude, the knockback pushed him off. He♥♥♥♥♥♥himself, picked it up, chucked it and turned, which enabled the poo to colide with him, knocked himself off the ship."
,Not Recommended,264140,12202041,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,wenart_graphichouse,"its a good game with ton of bugs,today, when I load the game, my captain suddenly drown into the sea and then GAME OVER. fin."
,Recommended,264140,12202779,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Luke,"It's Mount & Blade, but with little pixelly pirates."
76561198046035794,Recommended,264140,12207807,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Hiiragi,Great game and Tons of customization.Every play though is different and a very deep create your own story.Even with a few bugs and hickups was a plesure to play and look forward to upcomming patches for more content
,Recommended,264140,9582866,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Darkskynight,great game wud recomoend for all to get
,Recommended,264140,9585644,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,No banan,"This game is the most addicting thing ever, and it is fun too"
,Recommended,264140,9585953,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Skeet,I would suggest it to anyone who loves FTL (Faster Than Light)
76561198031832303,Recommended,264140,9586189,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Davidic SSJ4,"Really fun and entertaining game, but has some bugs. Not as steep of a learning curve as dwarf fortress but still pretty steep. Just when you think you are doing really well, something happens and you are left without a crew. Buy more food after EVERY battle and for the love of talos make sure you teach your pirates how to clean and poop! The most effective way of getting rid of filth on board your ship early on is just to capture new ships as you sail the sea. Bugs are annoying but not gamebreaking. The only bugs I've noticed are that occasionally, my pirates will get stuck on the ship for no reason and sometimes they just die for no reason at all- they were all well fed, not bleeding, high morale, etc. The only bad thing I can think of  about this game is the absense of a decent tutorial. It's fine for just pointing out the basics of the HUD but completely useless for learning anything more advanced (like sailing and skills). I had to consult youtube just to figure out how to sail my ship and get past level 1. Other than that, I absolutely love this game!"
76561198076896770,Recommended,264140,9587732,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Pendrox,It has potential but it is kind of grindy right now
,Recommended,264140,9589619,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Cole,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198122857115,Recommended,264140,9591163,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,ITSYABOI,great game for a random playthrough each new game 5 out of 5
76561198123456175,Recommended,264140,9591313,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Bananakin,"Really liking this game, guys!Very well made with a pretty original concept behind it. I'm looking forward to a whole lot more content to be added into this game over the coming months and I'll be sure to throw around a review every now and again for you.Some things that may need looking into:- An inability to open the menu after a pirate battle every so often.- Sometimes, when boarding an enemy ship that is slightly higher that your own, teammates' grapples overshoot and continue to fly off where they will follow the rope quickly (which was hilarious the first time xD).- Scrolling in the Passive Skills menu may need implementing.These are just a few things in an otherwise perfect alpha version.Thanks for the great game so far!"
76561198085880923,Not Recommended,264140,9593123,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,OmegaWolve,Unfinished game and poor content. Wait for the full game is my suggestion...
,Recommended,264140,9594592,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,LilUbercharge,"This is a really fun and addicting game where you can build a ship, get a crew, and explore, and who cant forget the battles? YARR!"
,Recommended,264140,9594931,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Photoslop,"Tough game, but pretty deep crew management and leveling.  Randomization makes it fun, random starting perks and stats."
,Recommended,264140,9596988,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,XxEdogxX,adictive...just... adictive 12/10
76561197967928091,Not Recommended,264140,9599879,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Poerri,Requires some serious work when it comes to UI and playability. Idea is pretty good. Wouldn't recommend in its current state.
,Recommended,264140,9600345,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Chattox,You have to teach your crew how to poop.10/10 would teach again.
,Recommended,264140,9600501,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Phasmatos Tribum,Great game! Amazingly addictive and very fun!
,Recommended,264140,9600686,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,EXPauly,"Very difficult game, but fantastic in it's own way.Never really been a fan of the rouge like gameplay but this one with it's 'Princess mode' offers the player a backstep into mistakes (Think reading a choose your own adventure book but having your thumb on the previous page incase you die)Only thing I have found unforgiving was a few instances of boarding a ship to steal to have my ship blown up by cannons, luckily making it across and then the same ship to shoot itself and sink! Never heard of a pirate destroying their own ship with a stupidly guided cannonball, this led to my crew drowning on several occasions which in my opinion is unfair since there is little to nothing I can do about this!Still in alpha, will most likely wait till bugs, fixes and updates follow before continuing my playthrough of the game.Sail the seven seas on this great game!"
,Recommended,264140,9601133,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Ninjasaber,SICK GAME GET IT
,Recommended,264140,9601276,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,PERTATOES,"This is a great game that is very playable, despite it still being in alpha. There are a few bugs, including picking monkey tails off berry bushes, and your captain randomly jumping off the boat, but overall, it has a nice feel to it with the skills, taverns, armories, and MOAR! I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of Terraria, Starbound, or FTL, as it has bits and pieces of each."
76561198007165194,Recommended,264140,9601334,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,[38NC.H]Patrick World-Star,"Bought it and could not stop playing it! Jus tin alpha and is already one of the most fun games i've ever played, and is the best pirate game i've ever played! that being said it is in alpha and you may run into a glitch or two, but so far i havnt seen anything really that stopped me from playing. Every gltich is so minor you wont even notice it most the time.Things that need tweaking:Boat battles involving canonshungermoraleAI intelligenceAI pathfinding(very very minor)Ship repairsI will say the canon battles get annoying. You may fight ships that have like 3 canoneers that bombard you very quickly and they do major damage to your boat. The problem is that the ship repair skill doesnt really work so your ship can go down in just 1-3 canon shots. In fact my ship has even gone down when the top level of my boat (which would have nothing to do with whether the ship sinks or not) was shot by just one canon ball. Afte rit was shot by the one canon ball the entire boat sank which makes no sense and i lost.OVERALL great game. Love it, but as it is in alpha, needs a lot of work!"
76561198064734474,Recommended,264140,9605015,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,[Φ Anger Φ] Regulus,"Pixel Piracy is a mix of sandbox RPG and advanture. You got so many opportunitys in this game, you can literally play it forever and it wont get boring although it is still in early access. Get it now before the price will raise."
76561197980109670,Recommended,264140,9614498,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Klutzed,"Im addicted, thats all"
76561198059404987,Recommended,264140,9614784,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Bharion,pirates pooping more than seagulls!10/10
,Recommended,264140,9615342,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,エ ッ チ,"I don't know how you redefine a genre that is decades old in the world of gaming, but some how this game achieves it. If you are a fan of the roguelike genre, this game will provide both a challenging and rewarding experience, while still retaining all of the elements that we loved about crawling through dungeons."
76561198075004483,Recommended,264140,10198081,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Loadedpiggy,Really fun and diffrent
76561198068606979,Recommended,264140,10204536,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Undercover Cate,argh matey
76561198038025574,Recommended,264140,10209372,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Taliferm,Yes
,Recommended,264140,10177610,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Galking52,this game is cool
76561198069017812,Recommended,264140,10173652,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Melvin O'Hoolihan,"Fun 2-D Pirate game by RE-Logic, the makers of Terraria. Good, Fast Gameplay but due to it being an alpha and in early acess, some bad bugs and glitches. But still really good game!"
,Recommended,264140,10177909,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,ToastSky,"Great game, but it's still devoloping and much bug is in it. If you don't like random bugs that'll just kill your crews and captain or/ don't like playing unfinished game I would suggest you to wait till official release. But if you don't mind any of that, then buy it!! It's great and definitly worth the money! :3"
76561198110931988,Recommended,264140,10162872,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Selsun [Danger Dolphin],"Pixel Piracy is a great game, if you enjoyed terraria you will probably enjoy Pixel Piracy, the one thing missing to me tho is something like building a settlement on an island that you can get population on and will/can produce income, maybe even put farms or docks on said settlements that the people will farm and fish and when you come back anything the pop isnt eating you can take for yourself. I don't think this would be hard for the dev to accompolish looking back at terraria."
76561198091889275,Recommended,264140,10164936,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,carter8352,This is a realy fun pirate simulater.
76561198097399773,Recommended,264140,10169617,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,kerferwin,awesomely cute game
,Recommended,264140,10040528,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,TheStormWarriors,"Man I've Always wanted to be a pirate and travel the high seas.Now is it a good game? Yes it is a great game.Though there are certain things that annoy me.1. Noclipping pirates that somehow die.2. Invinicble Bosses.3. Level Scaling (I Hate this functionality as everything can still kill you.)4. Lack of beginning material5. No Tutorial6. Pirates are flimsy.7. Lack of true customization on a pirate ship8. Abusable content- I can load up one side of my ship with a wooden wall so cannon balls cannot destroy my ammo9. Lack of Endgame.10. Why can't there be more?Overall I think it is a good game, but there are tons of frustrating things that happen in this game, unfair attacks from pirates, and minibosses that make me slam my head against the ground."
,Recommended,264140,10042986,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Silver_Joker,this game is awesome because PIRATES ARE AWSOME!!!!!!!! and its an awesome ship builder 10/10
76561197992466224,Recommended,264140,10049718,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Dildor The Defender of Porn,You can literally kick♥♥♥♥♥♥off your boat 11/10 would recommend
76561198080057280,Recommended,264140,10058373,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Brick,AWSOME PIRATE ADVENTURES!!!
,Recommended,264140,10058441,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,VAN DYKE BROWN,Its the♥♥♥♥♥♥yo
76561198053490627,Recommended,264140,10088053,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,The Game,This is probably a big map but small adventures. And you are a pirate who travels around the sea fighting bosses looting treasure beating badguys. It's a 2 game action game.
76561197999346198,Recommended,264140,18677687,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Din Narcotic,"I really love pirates games, I aslo love pixel graphics and 8-bit style games... that on top of it being a rogue-like really makes this a great game for me. If you're into customizing a ship, hiring a cut throat crew, and sailing the seas in search for loot and rum then be sure to pick upPixel Piracy! It's a shame there isn't a multiplayer element to the game but one can't have everything."
,Recommended,264140,18387466,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,AppellantZero89,"Its a good game, but I wouldn't recommend getting it at full price."
,Recommended,264140,18463133,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,cucumber up parallel aperture,"Amazing, love the style. Tons of features I love. Would recommend to ANYONE. Though I thought it might be boring, after a bit I just got attracted to it. Even though I play over games more than it, it still has a place in my heart. Thank you so much for making this game!"
,Not Recommended,264140,18784880,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,unquietwiki [Reddit],"Controls weren't always intuitive, and not an easy way to make money, or save stuff from old ships when taking over new ones."
76561198105196754,Recommended,264140,18778464,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ItsTaylor,Fun in the sun.
76561198045586632,Not Recommended,264140,18674551,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Lykasmitts,inherently flawed and basically abandoned
76561197971799213,Recommended,264140,11063686,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Noob_World_Order,"The game is a ton of fun. I can't get enough. that said...it is in beta and while playable I'm looking forward to future updates.If you like adventure games...and pirates, and fun pixel graphics...then this game is for you. Some of the fun I've had is in figuring things out...how do you get guns, more weapons...better ships...etc. It took my third real game before I knew enough to start a solid playthrough. Again...its in Beta...I would change a few things...Dev, if you read this...I think weapons and goods should always be sellable for something...even 1 gold. How to eat was my biggest challenge in my first two games. Bugs. None too bad but their are a few. Hopefully they will be addressed in future versions. their are some aspects I havn't figured out yet...like capturing animals or firing cannons. But I have muskets! AARRR!0EDIT: I figured out how to fire cannons! Fun but not as fun as sending my crew."
,Recommended,264140,18833564,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Soulscythe,"Pixel Pirates1. Create your prepubescent pirate Captain.2. Admire scenery.3. Visit tavern and take all the alcoholics with you to your small ship.4. Allow them to drop massive turds on your boat until you are trained to lob poos at amazing distances.5. Roam the seas slaying everything in your path.6. Plunder.7. Build amazing ship and train your pirates to be expert poo cleaners and bodybuilders.8. Beat legendaries.9. Win the game.10/10 Would play again, seriously though a good game :)"
,Not Recommended,264140,18619802,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Space Doge,"Since about 9428374938759347987987394873984735 others can and have written a better review than that of the abilities of my own, I'll just use this negative review to move the percentage just a tad bit lower."
76561197996356932,Not Recommended,264140,18897789,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Skankhunt42,"Game lags terribly after about 10 minutes of play with anything resembling a decent sized ship and crew.You would think that a GTX 960, 8 gig of ram and an I7 would run a side scrolling 2D game with ease but apparently not.Gameplay is fun as a time waster but is rather repeditive and limited, not really doing anything many other games have not done before it.Audio, mostly characters, is also limited and repeditive. I turned my sound off after 1 hour of gameplay, I don't miss it one bit. Characters SCREAM one line over and over and over again, Most sounds are taken from free sound libraries (sounds that were used in games nearly 20 years old) and as a result are horrible quality. Any variation in chracters is normally some pathetic modulation of another sound within the game.Devs don't seem to be very active (at time of writing) which is a bad sign for seeing the game killing bug being patched out.Overall, marketed as a 'finished game' plays like a early release scam game, IMO worth about $3 - $5 in its current state.3/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,18887986,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Yelping Man Candy,"You'd have to be pretty dedicated / touched by OCD to complete this game. It's a bit of a resource hog, and once you get a crew of 20+ on a lvl6+ ship (or even build your own, doesn't matter), the game starts lagging like you're running it on a system from the early 90s.In the Early Access stages, it actually had MORE features that they've removed to try to make it run smoother."
,Recommended,264140,18908556,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Cervidal,"Start of game: Okay, well this is neet. Got a little boat, and a mind full of dreamsGoing through tutoral: Light, easy to read. Buy some stuff, recruit a ship mate. Time to leave, tutoral pop up as soon as I get to map, cool lets go. Sailing, tutoral pop up, Click away, ""Shut up I'm doing something."" *Click away.* Alright I have arrived. No pop up, ""Uhh, what do I do next game?"" ""Meh I'll Figure it out""First ship battle: ""Ha I have two guys to your one"" *OWNED Pirate* ""Nice, Taking your ship now"" Getting bigger boat. time to head back to town get some food.First ten minutes: Bigger boat, got 8 ship mates. Starting to look like a ship, but I have no sails. ""Humm, maybe a store will have them"" searches for the next 20 minutes to find sail, Fail. ""Bah I just steal some from some ships I have enough dudes.""First hour: Much bigger boat. Poket full of money. 20 or so ship mates. Doing good, Still 1 sail, 3 masts (Not enought to mount a sail to my ship). ""WTF where do I get masts from?"" Explores area, ""Damn, I wish they would let you see farther then 2 squars""First 3 hours: ""Ooh, Found a neet Island with tribal folk on it. Lets kill'em."" Captain starts to die. ""Ah time to leave!"" Sails away, captain still losing health. O.o ""why are you still dying?"" Spends 10 minutes in the menu tryint to figure out what is affecting my captain. ""Ah screw it, I'll just heal in town"" gets healing Items ""cool health all up, but I'm still dying, why?"" pauses game, ""Whats that icon above my guy? WTF scurvy is a thing? WOW level 4? Oh S***"" remembers history and that scurvy is cured by oranges. Checks food shop, Sweet citrus, cures ship wide scurvy epidemic. Lost ships fisherman.Five hours in: ""Why arn't my guys eating meat? what is wrong with you! Meat is good for you and keeps you happy."" Cook isn't doing his job. Looks cooking up in the in game help guide, no help. Looks on youtube, no help. Looks at wiki, ""You need more then one fisherman? I just sell fish, and they fish plenty. Wait, if I need more then one fishermen, then do I need more then one cook?"" Makes more cooks, meat is prepared, men start eating meat. ""Really, -.- Thats an oversite. Good job dumb a**""In conclusion, follow the danm tutorial, or you might die from scurvy, or starve. The game is amazing fun, A must buy!"
,Recommended,264140,18850661,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,josiah-ambrose,"This game had it's issues in early access, but the devs are really dedicated to making it better, and as it is now I would have to reccommend it to anyome. If you love RPGs, and you love customization this is the game for you."
76561198079633714,Recommended,264140,18866015,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Bastion Main,This game very good it is such a pirate simulator it makes me go Yarr when i play it. It is a game where you have to decide priorities if you want a good crew or artillerery etc. And you start the game very quickly ( I played a new save for a hour and now am really good). I totally reccomend this game if you want a pixel 2-d Pirate game  9/10 very good
76561198091250169,Not Recommended,264140,18948890,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Arnold,Game looks simple but for some reason lags
76561198119449250,Not Recommended,264140,19082070,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Daddy Shimmy,"I want to like this. I really do. However in its current state the game is a mess. The controls are not very good, things are over-complicated at times, and I can't remember the last time the dev's released a decent update to this game that really changed major things. So i'd give this in its current state a 4/10."
,Recommended,264140,18945095,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,DJ Lightningflash,"So DAYMNN FUNvery addictiveCons:Lagged when I had 12 crew, alot9/10"
76561198067804986,Recommended,264140,19002461,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Fish Sticks,"Crew gets absolutely slaughtered. Why?Tell them all to board enemy ship, as they go to board, they all take a sh!t and decidethe best course of action is to go back and pick up the sh!t. In that time, the enemyship fired their cannons. After my crew cleaned up, they all ran to the front of the boat,sh!t in hand, sword in the other. The cannon balls land and push all of them in the waterand they all drown.Reload game.Suddenly, half the boat is submerged in the water, lag has tripled, whole crew is missing, boat isabout 5 feet shorter (it basically lagged in on itself) and I hear the agonizing screams ofa thousand men. Only person alive is the captain who is lodged inbetween the floor anda sail. Suddenly, blood and limbs rain from the sky, the boat is covered in sh!t and theboat is boarded by natives I forgot to kill, who promptly spear the stuck captain to deathwhile being showered by what I figured, used to be the crew that somehow mysteriouslygot violently dismembered, thrown in a blender, and then thrown back out 200 feet abovethe ship.Reload game.Everything is back to normal, the natives have all been replaced by a swarm of seaguls whoswoop in and defacate an astronomically large amount of bird sh!t onto the boat. The crewimmediately start a mutiny because moral dropped faster than a 12 year olds balls during puberty.Everyone demands payment but before I can pay them all, there are corpses everywhere andthe captain miraculously is the last man standing.Reload game.Game crashes.♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥Overall 10/10"
,Not Recommended,264140,19113446,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Kevvan01,Wasted money :/ good plan/idea but it was somewhat boring5/10
,Recommended,264140,17848797,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Muumitalo,You can build a big♥♥♥♥♥pirateship! YAY!
,Recommended,264140,19322226,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,lazerflyy,Addicting and super fun! 9.8/10!!!!
76561198071898307,Not Recommended,264140,19325639,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Crusaderjak,"I used to be personal friends with Alex Poysky(developer), and he is developing another game that is even more incomplete than this game. Still excited to try it he promised me to be the first to upload YT content of the new game known as Pixel privateers. Course, alex being the sell-out he is, instantly gave the rights paulsaursjr. He just wanted to make money and not follow through on his deals and promises... just like what he did with this game."
,Recommended,264140,19325910,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Corn on the Cob,Played this game for a few hours and forgot to save. Lost all my progress. 12/10
76561198041748849,Not Recommended,264140,19326356,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,noognag,sucks
,Recommended,264140,19326441,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bigle Dickle,"Needs to have cheats back""Nuff Said"""
,Recommended,264140,19326642,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Pickle,Just played few hours and addicted to this game already. LOL
,Not Recommended,264140,19338183,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,A Pile of Owls,"I bought this game back before it was a full release, and I loved it, hell I still love it, but now it's litterally unplayable. After about an hour of play I was building my ship and the game deemed it 'unsuitable', claiming pirates can't reach the front, and even if I clear all blocks, build a flat raft, move my units all over the ship, reload the save file, nothing. The game still says my ship is unsuitable regardless of design.So I restart. Okay, lost an hour of time, that sucks but not life ending. Then it happened again the first time I editted my  ship. So that's that. Build your ship perfectly or you might have to completely start over. It's a shame the game went from fun to... well, nothing."
76561198169400641,Recommended,264140,19333610,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,arikgeller300,Great  game ♥♥♥♥♥♥ love it !
76561198018898893,Recommended,264140,20828294,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,BoomBite,I enjoy playing Pixel Piracy. I like that you can build a ship and run a crew. It reminds me of when I was in the Navy sailing on the USS Pearl Harbor (there where no sails) we called it the {Dirty Pearl \ Black Pearl}. Y'all made a fun game thank you.
76561197978254614,Recommended,264140,20745974,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Wasudan,"Game start to lag as ♥♥♥♥ after 19 pirates or bigger ship, for 10€ its acceptable."
76561198024408187,Recommended,264140,20717928,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Jiro to Hiro,"Less of a pirate simulator and more of a poop chucking minigame where you see who can clean the poopdeck fastest, you me or dupree?3/Owen Wilson"
,Not Recommended,264140,20758897,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Cloverbird,Dissapointment
,Not Recommended,264140,20760185,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Mr. Tommy Gun,not good
,Recommended,264140,15663063,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Reki,"Day I dont know 8-15 Gonna fight my first legendary. all stocked up with bruatillizers and food. Thing is. Most of my men have like only 200 health. I go engage into battle. shooting balls back and fourth. Some of my men get hurt. The enemys all go on my ship. killed most of them. They killed most of us. it was my captain V.S The other captain and 2 men. killed the 2 men. lost about 350 health doing so. got about 150 hp left. just me vs the captain. Were fighting and fighting. Were both about to die. about 40 hp left for both of us. he hits me and he blocks my attack. den he does a critial hit  and I die. I got an achievement though! ""Noob: Die for the first time"" 10/10 would be called a noob again."
76561198009126073,Recommended,264140,16614509,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Geier,"Piracy, exploration, and throwing poop off of boats.  It's superb and incredibly charming.  Do what you want upon the high seas, because you are a pirate."
76561198053041128,Not Recommended,264140,15541410,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Eryius,"This game is glitchy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I got stuck in the tutorial, everything feels unresponsive and janky."
,Recommended,264140,13139308,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ThunderGemios10,"Game needs alot I mean ALOT OF WORK!Anyway, Hope they fix the bugs..Definitely Recommend!"
76561198091586891,Recommended,264140,13149330,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Agent 00C,Very fun much great. Really fun but hard to learn the controls in the beggining but once you learn the game it can be AMAZING!!!
,Recommended,264140,13149393,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,BloodyThorn,"The game is fun. Though after 27.4 hours of play I don't see much reason to play it again. It gets very repetitive.However for a small game, it's worth its pricetag."
,Not Recommended,264140,13150983,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Lifemaul,This game is very pooly made.  You will need to invest a lot of time just to figure out how to play. The guides aren't that helpful either.
,Not Recommended,264140,13084126,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Simon_The_Space_Miner,"Dont buy this game till they fix it! So I have couple things say. One the developers need to make a KEY MAP or something to tell players how to control their pirates who will get themselves stuck in a corner and ruin the game, make it easier to control the pirates, make it cheaper or better so its worth the 10 dollars, and they need to add a refuned button so if the players want to they can get their money back."
,Not Recommended,264140,13098456,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Agnorak,"This game is insanely mediocre.  It is sooo un-intuitive to play.  There isn't really a tutorial, just a getting started manual which isn't super helpful either.  There really needs to be an actual tutorial that takes you through how to move your character and crew, buying stuff, equiping items, raising skills, combat, and feeding your crew at the very minimum.  I eventually figured it out, but only really got about 45 minutes of enjoyment out of it after I figured out what the hell I was doing."
76561197985429569,Not Recommended,264140,9683819,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Chernori,"I regret buying this and I honestly feel ripped off. It's a cool idea and I love Terraria-type games, but this one isn't ready to be on Steam. It's definitely not worth $15!The devs way overpromised and then released the game half-finished. It's still riddled with game-breaking bugs and terrible controls that can render the game unplayable. I've honestly played free flash games that were better thought-out.Stuff seems to be added or changed in the game without any thought or playtesting, so every patch seems to break things that worked before. For example, your crew have ""perks"" and one patch added ""Old Man"", which gives the crew member a chance to randomly die. My captain got this perk and died a few minutes into the game, causing me to lose. Why would you add something like that to the game? The whole thing feels amateurish, like a high school kid's first attempt to make a game.The game might be worth buying at $5 or less, just to mess around in it. Avoid it otherwise."
76561198078880400,Not Recommended,264140,13226416,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Marco.ApeMannorsISGG,This game is a nice idea but far away from beeing a final game. In my opinion it should be early access. The controls are pretty bad and you have no shortcuts for a lot of stuff. I played it for 5 hours got very powerful and no enemy was a problem but then the morale dropped to like 0 every minute. So the game was uplayeble at this moment. I also spent all my money into rum and ship items that should boost the morale....but still low morale. GG
,Not Recommended,264140,13222276,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Aqua,This game is a perfect example of why early access doesn't work... completely worthless purchase.
,Not Recommended,264140,11513990,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,OrangeSoup,"I would wait for a few patches to come out before you buy this, the game is riddled with annoying bugs that really suck the fun away. It definitely could be fun... but not at the moment."
76561197966898199,Not Recommended,264140,11514002,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Eric,"Very little is clear.  I have no idea how I'm supposed to make enough money to afford food alone, let alone paying my crew.  Died four times now from starvation.  Caring very little to try a 5th time.  I'm obviously missing something, but what it is, is not obvious."
76561198040562254,Recommended,264140,11514031,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,weaponx1994,this game is great worth the money 10/10
,Not Recommended,264140,11514179,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,this machine kills fascists,glorified flash game.  stupid.
76561198071553326,Recommended,264140,11514538,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,TheSuperFive,HUGE learning curve would not recomend if you just want to start playing without learning how to first.
76561198051901905,Recommended,264140,11514854,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Billy_,Explore the open seas as a peerit. Bleed to death because your crew is full of jerks. Blow up enemy boats. Get knocked off the boat because your team is full of jerks. Attack neutral factions for person gain. Fly 20ft in the air because somebody smacked you with a sword. 8.8/10 eez gud gam.
76561197999756957,Not Recommended,264140,11515505,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Rymaru,"I would recommend this game, even with the bugs.  However, the current food bug is game breaking. So I can't.  Even when you have edible food on the ship.  Pirate crew won't eat it.  Even if you have a cook on the ship, the cook won't cook.  And again the pirates won't eat it.  Spent 4 hours fighting with the game only to die due to this bug.  The first few times, exploding in a pool of blood as my crew kills me because they are starving is hilarious.   It does get old fast.  Until Pixel Piracy gets this game breaking problem fixed.  Its going to be in my broken/useless category.  Don't buy, until its patched."
76561198046722204,Not Recommended,264140,11516233,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Chocpoo,"Great Devs, clunky game.  It sounds like a good idea, cool concept, whatever, but its execution is just... wrong. I tried real hard to like this game, the developers deserve success they are a cool  bunch. But the game is trash as of the time of writing this review.I could drone on and on and on and on but I wont. It doesnt feel smooth like terraria did in its earlyish days, the whole idea of click moving for EVERYTHING is silly.  You feel so disconnected from the world in which you are exploring. Direct movement of the main character a la terraria would fix this i believe. Then secondary crew movement with the mouse/pause would be better. Multiplayer would be possible if they just cut the clunky pausing trash out of the game and made it more real time with the possibility of multiplayer game modes.Bottom line, great idea, terrible terrible execution. A ground up rewrite would fix it.  I wouldnt be afraid to make the interaction more terraria-esque. Epic things will happen with real-time play. The 4-5 times I have played this I have walked away confused and annoyed more than anything. This is not what a video game should be."
,Not Recommended,264140,11516956,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Ybot,"Slow. Boring. Frustrating. Dumb.The game revolves around clicking on enemies to attack, just like an RTS; only it's a platform game. Imagine a 1 dimensional RTS: Pixel Piracy."
76561198009655915,Not Recommended,264140,11517611,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Thephedora,Worst game I've had to shell out 7 dollars for. The easiest difficulty leaves you bashing your head into a wall.
76561198034380814,Recommended,264140,11517679,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,PurpleYarn,I can't get enough of Pixel Piracy. It has that just one more island or ship encounter feel that makes me want to keep going. Bit of a time sink but a good one.
,Recommended,264140,11539829,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Hoxon,"Great fun but still needs a lot of tuning. Great concept idea and its nice to build up an army and attack. The morale element is great but the bugs sort of ruin the later part of the game since you loose control over morale due to unknown factors and also cleaning, fishing etc. stops working when you have a large crew. I will check back in soon to see how the progress is going.It is worth the price and lets hope development continues."
,Not Recommended,264140,11540185,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,FUCK BITCC H AHAHAHAHAHA,WAY too complicated and confusing. 40 minutes in and I still don't know what I'm doing. I wish I could return it.
,Recommended,264140,11540935,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Commodore64,"I have only played this game for a couple hours, but so far I think it's a lot of fun. It has some really great RPG elements with plenty of customization. There are several scenario options so it won't get old too soon and have PLENTY of replay value. Excellent game."
,Recommended,264140,11541086,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Dr. Monocle,"Really fun game, super addictive, yarr. :)"
,Not Recommended,264140,11541440,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,chris,"This game is riddled with game-breaking bugs and poorly implemented features.- Crews don't go where they're told- Even on Easy, it is excruciatingly difficult to get a companion to level up with you because they die so fast. Well, if you thought you could keep them out of combat, (1) they don't listen, (2) they don't share XP from kills from your more seasoned fighters.- Morale is broken- UI is broken: if I want to eat food, I have to go to the ""Shipbuilding"" panel... if I want to give my crew a consumable, I have to select them in the crew tab and ""equip"" a ""passive item"". You can't even go to a screen where all of your items are visable at once, which leaves you guessing...- Poorly implemented tutorial. The fact that you can't pause and view the tutorial properly at the same time tells you all you need to know about this problem.- Poor translation- No officially sanctioned community or bug reporting- You can't save the game at your convenience, even on the non-hardcore setting. This wouldn't be so upsetting if the game didn't have so many game-ending/breaking bugs/features. I'm currently stuck on a save where my Captain has 3 health and is bleeding; aka I die immediately after loading.This could have been a great game. The developers jumped the gun by releasing this as a completed product (""1.0"") so soon. Hope they find a way to make things better."
,Recommended,264140,11541847,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Frednatics,"I taught my captain cleaning, he picked up a pile of fecal matter, threw it, and it exploded on a crew-mate, knocking him off the boat and causing him to drown. 10/10"
76561198060746849,Not Recommended,264140,11541867,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Sadpylon,"There is a bug that happens when I encounter a ship.My captain appears off the ship and dies before the screen can fully load.I'm not telling him to move,he just spawns one block off and in the water as the screen reveals the ships.EVERY.SINGLE.TIME.EACHANDEVERYSINGLESHIPENCOUNTERNOMATTERHOWLARGETHESHIPIS"
76561198035770975,Recommended,264140,11542739,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Hump-N-Dump,"I love this game, but it seems like with each patch the game gets more problems than solutions. I've loaded games to find all my crew members disappeared. I've used training points for skills that have used the training point, but don't allocate the skills. I have crew members at full morale that refuse to do what I tell them or even move at all. When the game works properly, it's fun enough to ruin a relationship. Be prepared to deal with growing pains in the meantime."
76561198083225980,Not Recommended,264140,11542754,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,LeoCerante,"Very buggy. I'm so disappointed that after hours playing, all my pirates got stuck in one spot for no single reason, no matter what I tried, they wouldn't move at all until they starved to death. Now I don't think I should invest time into a game that will ruin my entire progress because of a glitch. That's so frustrating.The game is still very good while it works."
76561198087063449,Not Recommended,264140,11543035,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Insanewolf777,"In this game's current state I don't recommend it... It has lot of potential but it's screwed up by bugs, AI issues and horrible controls that just all add up to make this game unplayable. If all of these issues get fixed then I recommend it. If not, stay far away from it. Other than that the game has a good premise and gameplay is good as well. It shouldn't have been taken off early access so soon it needed more time."
76561198127040373,Recommended,264140,10317926,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,SawggyDwag,So gud!
76561198027724317,Recommended,264140,11632311,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,dax616,"YES --THIS ONE IS A WINNER-WHEN FIRST STARTED PLAYING ---IT SEEMED LIKE SO COMPLEX AND WEIRD BUT ITS AMAZING HOW ENTERNAINING IT BECOMES -- THIS GAME, ROGUE LEGACY, AND MY MOST FAVORITE PROJECT ZOMBOID ARE THE BEST CAMES I HAVE ENJOYED IN A LONG WHILE -- I ALSO LIKE THE TAILSMAN BOARD GAMEIF ANYONE NEEDS A 25 PERCENT OFF COUPON FOR PIXEL PIRACY JUST LET ME KNOW I HAVE TWO THAT ARE VALID UNTIL APRIL 2015--ALSO NOT REALLY INTO THE WHOLE  VIRTUAL CARDS PEOPLE AUCTION OFF SO IF YOU NEED A CERTAIN CARD LET ME KNOW AND IF I HAVE IT I WILL GIVE TO YOU"
,Not Recommended,264140,11644671,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Ranger,An Ok Game but has a lot of this that need to be worked out like the eating system.
,Recommended,264140,11646068,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Dazzle Washington,"Fun idea, needs alot of work. Wait for a sale.Even on max settings, it's easy to over level and crush entire game. Mechanics are unfinished, unpolished, and not terribly thought through. wait for sale, pick it up for 5$. 'bosses' are a joke and UI isn't strong."
76561198058638791,Recommended,264140,11649029,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,thethomasgeorge,"Avast ye scalliwags, and prepare to sail the high sea in search of fishing and cleaning up poop. Also, managing your finances to pay your crew, you'll need to upgrade to the latest version of MYOB.....you get bonus points if you PIRATE IT! Still in active development, I early await the implementation of wenches...."
,Recommended,264140,11497878,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Rusty Door Hinge,"Pixel Piracy has finally come, and it has been one hell of a ride. It started out on a simple 80 euro budget, and turned into a game that had sold over 200 MILLION copies world wide! The developers really did work their asses of though, with new updates every week and constant bug patches, they truly did show they care. Pixel Piracy went from a shabby game with a pirate and a ship with some catchy music in the background to an open world, Rogue-like adventure. Not only were they constantly working to please the fan-base, but they also interact with them and promise new things along with accomplishing them. This game truly shows what an ""Indie"" game really can turn out to be. Early Access is what made this game possible, but the developers showing their ability to care and create really gave the community a constantly beating heart, which is nice in a place where some games barely get an update every few weeks."
76561198112321683,Recommended,264140,11498174,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Kenyansax,"I picked up this game about halfway through its early access in the first 10 minutes I was captivated by gorgeous visuals, a tight playstyle exellent sounds, characters that made me laugh with no dialouge, and a game that makes you feel like the captain of a Swashbuckling crew on the high seas. Now that the game is fully released you should definetly buy it."
,Recommended,264140,11498865,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,geekl33tgamer,"I've just spent the last hour pillaging and sailing around on a floating poop collector! I hired as many drunks as I could afford from the nearest Tavern, whilst my own in-game character is so drunk he doesn't know which way is up! We boarded the floating poop collector and started exploring.Several battles later, were rich - We buy nicer pixel weapons and hire more drunks. I also purchased more rum to keep them happy between battles on-board the floating poop collector. But dammit, they need feeding mid-voyage. I bought some water melons along for the ride, but that just increased the poop count.Guess I now truly understand why it was called a poop deck in the first place. I'm collecting the poops to be a weapon.This is easily the most fun I've had in a game in ages. Cute pixely graphics and funny sound effects with a ""not to be taken too seriously"" storyline and developer to boot. It's great, and there's lots of poop!!!"
,Recommended,264140,11499053,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Pinko Scum,"I like yelling ""ARRRRRR!"" while playing this game. It's the best part, drives my roommate crazy. Also, the actual game part is fairly keen. 8.5/10, greatest pooping pirate simulator that I have played since at least 1985."
76561198013529675,Recommended,264140,11499620,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,toomanyhealthpotions,"It's quite addictive. Just another island to visit, another skill to learn, another crew member to hire...Bought it, played 7 hours straight. Few bugs so far, and those I encountered were minor. I think it's definitely worth the full price. So what are you waiting for matey? Arrr...!"
,Recommended,264140,15699615,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Nerkles,"It was missing a lot in 2014, but the recent changes made it awesome. Super fun, you get to be a scurvy dog.""Blow the man down!"" - Trade Prince Nerk, 2015"
,Recommended,264140,15793084,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Seer of Mind,"I really liked it. It seems kinda rough in some places though. It never told me about scurvy and it took me a good long while to realize my mates were dying because I had deprived them of fruit. Then it was a mad dash to acquire some watermelons. Other than that, I can't think of much more to name. The islands and ships do get repetitive, but it is a procedurally generated RPG. My favorite part is equipping my marginally competent crew with sweet loots and then attacking ships.All in all, I like it. I only paid about 1.99 for it though so just about anything more than a flash game with have been worth it."
76561198019464684,Recommended,264140,15761842,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,mrfester,"its a good game but i cant seem to get in to it, its worth a play mind, maby i will have some thing good to say after i play it a bit more. but for now. i would give it a 5/10update. there is a bug where my ship after about 30 blox it says pirats cant reach this place. even if its just a a background peece i added. :'("
,Recommended,264140,9869980,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,I'm not crazy,"Amazing game with Much adventure and fun, so Hard doe"
76561198025324446,Not Recommended,264140,14465024,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,FN-2199,"This game thaught me an important lesson: Never buy a early-acess game.It's been months since I bought this game and I'm still waiting for a final release. I'm not a bank, I'm not waiting for my investment to pay off. I just wanted some replayable quick fun as the game promised, and what I got was a couple ours of bug annoyance and terrible interface. And I'm still waiting for that final release."
,Not Recommended,264140,12284547,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,JadeMooseД,"Not really good, Not really bad"
76561198062747546,Not Recommended,264140,14602374,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Country Kitten,A very rough game still in need of a lot of work which it may or may not get.I regret this purchase.
76561198113268585,Recommended,264140,14566209,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Banditos Way,"i have to give this game a HUGE thumbs up. it has some great sounds and voices, the voices are all squeekers but its hilarious. you navigate the seas fighting weaker pirates and exploring different islands with pirates and tribesman fighting them for gold and looting treasure chests. when you defeat pirate ships and capture them your prsonal ship gets bigger.once you have some gold then you get to start hiring crewman to sacrifice..i mean to fight for you:) it's pretty cool its a randomly generating world you can continue to explore as you increase your pirate level. oh and seagulls leave steaming piles of poop on your ship hahahahathey are continuing patches on it with promises for more i give it a 9/10 on the completely silly yet really fun meter"
,Not Recommended,264140,14567313,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Marshca_5,"I used to be able to play it, but now, the game crashes every time I boot it up. I've tried everything; you name it. It's the game. The game is full of bugs. Not worth playing."
,Not Recommended,264140,14751720,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Flair,"It was good before it was released. I know that is crazy but its sadly true. Now that it is released I can't actually progress in the game because the starting gold was reduced to basically nothing. This means you can't just go to one island and manage to get enough gold just from killing the 1 guy there. No now you have to go to a ton of islands and you end up starving before you get enough gold. Thats if you managed to not get damaged because if you did then you are gonna be sitting at your computer waiting forever before going into your next fight because you can't afford to heal yourself or to jump into the next fight with half health (though after the first fight your more like at nearly no health and you didn't even actually win the fight). Now with the new ""enhanced edition"" coming out I read that they plan on making it harder. Well I guess I am just not pro enough to play this game that had been extremely fun prior. Oh and if you want to check out a wiki or something don't waste your time because they are all based on before the official release so all that info is useless to you. I wish this game was playable for me, but I am not the type to start a game over and over and over all day just to be able to get 2 gold coins when I need 90."
76561198045728402,Recommended,264140,11527727,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Joseph Stalin,Great game all around. Recent 1.0 update has provided a better-balanced economy as well as tp system. Amazing game and available at a low price!
76561198110792266,Recommended,264140,15857883,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Nutcrack0,"awesome, but can i know where is my item/misc after i capture or defeated any others pirate ship. i just only got leader only, where is the others item..? help me please. GAME is VERY RECOMMENDED to PLAY. worth to buy. but help me about the item...."
,Not Recommended,264140,10820491,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Lizard Wizard,super poopy
76561197983801874,Not Recommended,264140,13487270,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,naveadsmes,"This game is way, way too complicated for what it is. The controls are extremely unstreamilned... like, we're talking roughly the same refinement of a 90's flash game here, only with added complication. There's a good reason why it's new and is currently on sale for under $31/10, probably won't play again"
76561198015232268,Not Recommended,264140,13528609,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Greenfox21,I had fun in this game.Till i tried out Arnea Mode... it crashed the game somehow. Now it's just a black screen. Cant do anything. Even delteing everything i can find and reinstalling it.. doesnt help.Campaign Mode is really fun. But that bug in Arnea Mode is literaly death to the game....
,Not Recommended,264140,13794550,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dark n Edgy,"Gee, where do I begin? Land Ho! Land Ho! Land Ho! Land Ho! That's a percent of what you'll hear in this game. That's it. Somebody at the developer forgot that games need music. I was reminded of three things in my hour-ish stint of many restarts in this game: Dwarf Fortress, Early Access, and lack of content.Dwarf Fortress is an incredible game. It'll never be fully optimized or sold out but it'll always get content updates and as of right now it's actually playable for a good extent before the sheer bulk of everything destroys your computer's CPU. That's a discussion for another time. Reading the crew descriptions was pretty cool and I know that's what they were inspired by. I'm glad they took inspiration from Dwarf Fortress but Dwarf Fortress can do without music because it's a F2P game run by donations. It does, however, have a catchy intro tune that does work and a simple, yet pleasing, tune.Instead, all I heard was annoying pixels shout pirate cliches over and over. I know I'm a pirate in the pirate world. I can read all the Pirates of the Caribbean references and know that those were basically obligatory. I don't need the frequency of it to be so often. Of course, someone had the bright idea to add a voice option slider. Which was actually a good idea. It doesn't cover up the fact that there's no music, of course, but it's something.Early Access. I bought this on the recent Steam sale on a whim. Because why not? It was like three dollars. I had never heard of it before and I am not surprised. Seemed like an interesting premise. I'm glad I bought it for the low price I did, because paying for the privilege of watching me ""sail"" to my next destnation (you're on your raft, 'sailing', which is really just a percentage in the upper right corner of the screen) is not what I expected. Bravo. Thanks for the privilege. You'll soon be surprised to find out that there's no fast forward button at all. Low on health? Better go read a book, because it'll take it's sweet time regenerating independent of where you are. Chest on the other side of the island? Stroll over there and pick it up of course! What? That's it? Two or three animals on an 'island', one object to interact with, and a chest containing 7 gold? What do you mean that's an island?The lack of content in this is so glaring I'm kind of shocked. Music is nonexistent, so there's no immersion or atmosphee (truth be told I would have to disable voices to even get that immersion should music be patched in). Islands feel empty. I guess islands also only have one coconut tree that drop a singular coconut? Uh thanks? I just lost 20 hp and that's what I get? 4 gold? What? What do you mean the crab hit me for 8 health?To top it all off is the toilet humor of your pirates literally defecating on your ship. Unless there's an unseen timer for defecating it's completely random. Oh. The best part? You have to spend 30 gold (you start with 50) to teach one pirate how to use the bathroom properly AND spend a skill point. Not that your ship has one, obviously. It's just a raft. It's mind-boggling to think that this is how pirates used the bathroom on ships in the last centuries- by taking a dump right on the ship. Incredible. I'm not a maritime expert of the 16th century or what-have-you, but I would think at the very least pirates and sailors took their dumps in a locale that went out of the ship or in a confined space. I can't believe I'm even talking about this in a review.I'm just glad the developers didn't go all the way (one of your starting bonus options is a second crew member, you being the first, with the title of the Flatulent) and make slip hazards out of it. Unsurprisingly, having a large amount of fecal matter on your ship decreases morale of your crew. Go figure.I hope this game does what Goat Simulator did and puts out a massive content update for absolutely nothing. I had enjoyed the sandbox game before it came out and decided to try it one day and was stupified at how they had done all of that for free. Do I recommend this game? What do you think?(Edit: Did not realize there was a censor for words that would turn children and teenagers into devilspawn etc etc)"
,Recommended,264140,12388952,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Saazuka,I like pirates and I like micromanagement.. and pirates. Game is kind've addicting with little humourous quips by your pirate mateys.
,Recommended,264140,12427662,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,MrsSnugglez,"Amazing swashbuckling fun!! This game had me from the start with it's easy to play interface,  amusing jaunts and shanties. I highly reccomend this for any type of playstyle, as difficulty can go from easygoing, to intense playing. I have yet to beat the game, but so far, I love it!"
,Not Recommended,264140,9513227,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,"The pixel is kinda' suckin' the one ball, and the piracy is suckin' the other. Still, I'm eager to see what it turns into."
,Not Recommended,264140,12576235,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Brockenstein,"The best game that only pretends to be completed. It's broken. Items don't work or don't work correctl. Items are missing tool tips or have no explanation. You can have something like 50 pirates, but with 20 mid to low level pirates you can defeat the legendary encounters. You can also have an assortment of critters, but they're cumbersome to use. The UI is clunky. Weapons are wothless to resell, but you pick them up automatically, and you sell  them to clear out your inventory.It could be great, but too many problems."
76561198058410602,Recommended,264140,12494647,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Tabootrinket,"So, the moment I started the game after buying ut, I got stuck in it for literally hours.The most amazing part of this game is the atmosphere.I think this game has the best BGM I've heard for years (even while taking into account blockbusters). The musics alone can make this game worth buying. Basically, you'll hear your crew singing pirate songs like drunk people. It's so funny but they still sing so well ! And it feels like you're personnally bonding with the recruits throughout your screen. ^^But the gameplay system is also great, and succeed in providing the feeling of a pirate adventure, without making the management part boring. It summarizes some of the basic aspects of a pirate crew gestion with simple mecanisms.You can even go all out and make the most creative (or wacky) boat ever with the building systeme.Right now I have a total of 30 hours of gameplay, and I still find the game worth playing. I'm expecting some updates which will extend the gaming experience after achieving the main goal.To summarize :+ Great system, addictive gameplay, AWESOME MUSICS/SONGS, lovely design, fun, fun and fun.+ It really does feel like a pirate adventure (unlike other games with just pirate context, and few piracy elements).-/+ Could benefit from more content. It has the potential to be a really awesome game, but right now the amount of content is average (but developpers are still baking some new contents and working on it, so expect more content in the future).Edit : for the campaign mode, at the current state of the game, without rushing things you can count approximatively about 30 hours of gameplay.Right now there's still no endgame for the campaign mode."
,Not Recommended,264140,10167777,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Rysaurus™,"This game is like a baked potato. It's pretty yummy right now, but it's going to be so much better when the toppings are on it.The toppings aren't coming."
76561198041282879,Recommended,264140,11471072,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,trentonrn777,fun game has alot of glitches still left
76561198137858542,Recommended,264140,11471516,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,kayama596,This game has given me lots of laughs.
76561197975603364,Not Recommended,264140,11558631,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Sveny,"A brilliant concept with all the right ingredients but after purchasing pirates I have no cake and the kitchen mostly in flames.As a person who loves rouge crawlers, pirates and designing your own stuff in game I was sadly and repeatedly disappointed. All the key elements of a great game are there in a somewhat haphazard and un polished or unfinished fashion, it screams of being rushed from early access to finished in a grab for cash.There are too many game breaking bugs for it bee successful as true rouge crawler, combined with a reload from last point button, and the level of grind you need to get through to get anywhere bring it much closer to a an RPG Game.The ship building part works but is relegated from the core game play almost instantly, as the resources to do anything interesting are not available, and the benefit it provides questionable. So it’s not much of a building game.This is made worse by a lack of tool tips and explanation on how things work and often the things that have tool tips seem to have no effect.The balance of the game and difficulty curve seems way out, Id suspect because some things are still slightly partly broken, works in progress.Traveling also kills the game, in 18 hours, there was only 1 event, so half the game is spent watching pirates go hungry and poop as your journey goes from 1 to 100% which is watching bars for literally half of the game.The games nice retro 8 bit graphics and joyful pirate songs are not enough to cover up all its shortfalls in its current state."
,Recommended,264140,11559204,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,misterbalrog,"It's quite buggy still, rather lacking official wiki and rather badly laid out tutorial. Other than that, it's quite fun so far. It has potential, but it sure has some things to hammer out."
76561197993177468,Not Recommended,264140,11560913,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Tare,I tried to like this game for some time but just couldn't. It has great idea but it just doesn't come through. If it was actually permadeath and the UI was a bit more smooth then maybe. Graphics don't bother me and sounds are ok but this game isn't that fun or addictive to play in my opinion.
,Not Recommended,264140,11562068,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,tirpen,"I was looking forward to this game a lot since I first saw it. I'm a huge fan of roguelike games and who can resist tiny adorable pirates, right?Sadly I really cannot recommend this game in its current state.The interface is hard to navigate, clunky and looks only half finished.There is no tutorial and the help files are totally inadequate.The game is structured as a sandbox, but there really isn't enough things to do to work as such.All the ship fights play out mostly the same, so they get dull.There way too much just sitting and waiting for the ship to get anywhere.The mangement of inventory, skills abd crew felt more than a chore than anything else.I feel that most of the above are things that could be fixed by a few decent sized patches, so it might be worth reconsidering in a few months time but at the moment I'll put it back on its digital shelf and cry a little about what might have been."
,Not Recommended,264140,11562374,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Admiral Snackbar,Not great :/
,Recommended,264140,11563239,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Gnome Child,"This is a fun and enjoyable game from the creators of terraria. However, while this game may look a bit like terraria I would warn that the gameplay is completely different. The game is certianly fun, with plenty of humor to go around, ranging from comical characters for you to hire, to the poop mechanics. The gameplay itself is also entertaining, fully capable of keeping a player's attention for a couple of hours at a time. Sometimes the situations can be a little harsh and perhaps a more in-depth playable tutorial would have been nice, but it's not too difficult to grasp the basics of this game.The game recently entered full release, however I must say that the game still feels somewhat unfinished. There are still bugs and issues in the game that shouldn't be found in a full release game and need to be fixed. Saying this, however, the creators have been putting out bugfixes like crazy since release and I'm confident that in short time, the game will feel much more finished.I feel that the game could be much more balanced as well, as all weapons seem to be very clear-cut in terms of what's the best weapon and what's just useless garbage. The pet mechanics also seems like kind of a gimmick though this may just be because I haven't spent much time or effort on pets and haven't found any rewards yet.I would definitely recommend this game, however, as the price is more than reasonable for what you get out of the game, and I don't doubt that the game will continue getting better as the studio behind it continue updating and bugfixing."
,Recommended,264140,11563305,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Sheerou,Its a fun and addicting game!
,Not Recommended,264140,11563687,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Ironic Dabbing 3017,"looks like the best game ever but really isnt that fun, look up gameplays on youtube before you buy the actual game."
,Recommended,264140,11564709,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,noname,fun little game enjoying it so far
76561198025086194,Not Recommended,264140,11564850,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,thewindywhite,"Don't think this is going to be anything like Terraria.  Inscrutable, unforgiving game play even on the lowest difficulty, plenty of bizarre grammatical errors in the game text, and long ""sailing"" screens where you're not really doing anything."
76561198057139537,Recommended,264140,11491653,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,GusPlaysGames(GPG),BEST GAME EVAR
,Recommended,264140,11492904,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Megalodon,Its a really great game and for only 14€ its also really cheap. I only can say thanks to the developers for this nice piece of software!
,Recommended,264140,13327514,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,reece,supr cool neds more piretes?iu thenk 10/9 ignn
,Not Recommended,264140,13189174,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Liberty514,Not complete & Abandoned
,Recommended,264140,13193653,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Doouble Tap,"If you are like me and you don't like to read manuals, you will RAGE on this game. Take the time, (about an hour) learn how to play, then start fresh and have fun. after 4hours of gameplay, i managed to get a boat as big as my screen, and i run on a 50"" Samsung smart tv :pgg re-logic"
76561198005533976,Not Recommended,264140,13241713,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Tha1,"I can only reiterate what most people have said about this game: it had soooo much potential, yet they didn't try to expand the game or try to fully flesh it out upon release let alone during early access! It's unfinished and unpolished. They took the cash and left. This is an example of what is wrong with early access. Really disappointing."
76561197972387998,Not Recommended,264140,13456974,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Zag,"Sadly, quite a disappointing game. Once you get over the cutesy retro-look and comedy pirate stylings this is actually quite a shallow game of ""move, attack, rob; move attack rob"" with some tedious micro-management thrown in. The game's open world is also poorly implemented, being based on a grid rather than a proper oceans-and-land environment like 'Pirates'. It also doesn't help that the user interface is an absolute mess. It's a nice idea but it just doesn't work."
,Not Recommended,264140,13459352,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,theTrav,"Fun toy to play around with, but definitely not ready for any sort of prime time.  Very much pre-alpha stage"
,Recommended,264140,13498023,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Hobo Merchant,It is a quirky little game about being a pirate. Surprisingly fun. Get it while it's on sale
,Not Recommended,264140,13498799,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ZuNy,"interesting, but very underwhelming."
,Recommended,264140,13500953,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Haunted Technicality,Its a fun game that i like playing. the only problem is i used to always lose my saves when the game updated and i can't unlock the achivements. Other than that it's a really fun game with lots to do.
,Recommended,264140,13447537,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Driftwood,Pretty good gameplay and graphics. Altogether a very good buy.
,Not Recommended,264140,13832605,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Yugo Boss,"The idea of the game was great, the gameplay and devs promisses on updates and features were awesome. Game breaking bugs, unplayable without having to force closing and opening, and so on makes this an awful play experience.To add, the dev is starting another game, so he not only has a year old broken game but he is releasing a new one! You know what that means? less dedicated time to fixing it."
76561198090746537,Recommended,264140,13834435,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Thatonenerdd,i love this game dont let my hours on it fool you i do love it its gameplay is difficult even on the easy difficultys but its not very broken per se 8/10
,Not Recommended,264140,13837373,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Spicy Boi,"Bugs and broken AI ruin what would otherwise be an awesome game. It's fun at first, but once you start trying to dig into the meat of the game, you can't work with a crew that wont load cannons in a sane fashion or make any headway at fishing."
76561198073870341,Not Recommended,264140,13839722,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Axel The Red,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere (literally). ♥♥♥♥ing stupid idea, to make everything poop on your ship... thank god I paid just 1 buck for this game"
76561197982236138,Recommended,264140,15397978,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Skummelkar,cool game!
,Recommended,264140,9468386,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,DolgVlaPet,"(From wiki): Pixel Piracy is a side-scrolling 2d, pirate roguelike-like game created by indie developer Vitali Kirpu and helped partially by known Manager Alexander Poysky.In the game, the player controls the crew of a pirate ship. The player must sail the ship over a number of sea zones, each with procedurally generated events in a roguelike fashion, while facing pirates and other hostile forces, recruiting new crew members, keeping discipline, outfitting, upgrading ship and more...I wasn't really sure if I should buy this game at first. I seen some screens, read what this is all about and I though ""Meh, maybe it's worth a shot"". And after playing it for a bit, I can tell you that it''s a fine game indeed. I do recommend you this game, if you like sanbox ones, like ""FTL"", ""Terraria"" and indie RPG games as well. Construct a ship, make it bigger, faster, stronger. Build a team! Bring chaos and havok into the oceans of blood!"
,Not Recommended,264140,15182826,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,system32.dll,"This game is pretty bad. Great prospects, sloppy execution."
,Recommended,264140,15162562,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Arte,"Nice, just wish you could play with friends."
,Not Recommended,264140,9609948,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Slim,"This game is unplayable, crew members suicide and the fights are extremely repetitive"
,Recommended,264140,16367253,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Nightrader,"So, got this game for 2 dollars.Played 10 hours of it in the first two days,My first mate is duane10/10 worth"
,Recommended,264140,16375933,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Big Bird,"Pixel piracy is a great sandbox game- with adventure, strategy, risk taking, and combat all mixed in. I love the ability to create your own ship using scavenged parts, and hiring your own crew of pirates, fishermen, and male models. (Appearently, they weere flustered into becoming pirates). I would recommend this game to anyone who likes sandbox, and large-scale combat games! (And to anyone who likes pirates?)"
,Recommended,264140,16363020,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MrPatata,"Pixel Piracy is a great game with drama awesomeness but no nudity...hm well..anyway it is a hella fun game that you can play for ages and it will still be fun.It has a lot of style stuff from Terraria for example, the graphic, the way the inventory and all is build and the character design.Also it has a lot of funny combat and ways to get tactical to destroy an enemy bla bla.This game only lacks one thing....variation.The fights are pretty much the same after 10hours...they are fun but still it is always the same.I would rate this game8.5/10.-Senior PatataLeader of the Potato Land North Korea"
76561198013993065,Recommended,264140,16365997,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kaleth,Captured a ship because mine was full of poop.10/10 would poop again.
76561198150000181,Recommended,264140,16360817,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,HolyDonkey,Great game.
76561198083559791,Recommended,264140,16350505,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mystolgical,"Pretty fun game, would reccomend."
,Recommended,264140,16352012,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[III] DanKeK #tonsOfMutes,"I really like this game.I've been playing it for quite a while now,since the first versions, from my friends's PCs back when I couldn't afford it since I was saving from something else. I must say, the controls used to be hard to understand but now the clarity is great with this one.Especially lately the game has been transitioning into a very smooth experience. The interface feels smooth as heck and it's very enjoyable.The combat requires strategies later in the game so that your crew doesn't split. It's critical that you stay as one, otherwise you're going to get picked off and chopped.One of the latest additions to the game was different coloured backgrounds for you ship, which I used to make a captain's room.I would recommend this game to anyone who likes (or dislikes) rogue like games, because this game even though it's in Alpha, it's fricking amazing. Kudos to the developers for making such a nice game.Only thing I dislike is that there are a few bugs you need to work around, but nothing gamebreaking.The developers are looking at the suggestions that are thrown around the forums and is adding them.I really hope I am just as a good developer as these guys, because they're one of the best since they listen to their community. Respect . (They actually answer and provide tips in steam forums if somebody has a problem!)"
76561198066058713,Not Recommended,264140,16208633,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Nabrinax,Don't waste your time.
76561198142705824,Recommended,264140,16127809,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,BootyStealer,this game is fun but hard 9/10
76561198093268435,Recommended,264140,16197969,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Rdx,"I love this game.  when i first played it my pirates kepted jumping off the ship over and over again when ship jumping and i got fustrated. but i dont see that no more which shows the devs are fixing bugs.  I got some issues though THE DAMN BARRELS ARE OVER POWERED!!! each barrel is 5% more gold per plunder and the ships can respawn. I got my ship with 6 sailors and 30 barrels fighting lv3 ships and getting 700g per ship. Also, when i caught a crab after it got lv2 i was able to get all its skills which is a bug but i know the devs will fix it and maybe nerf the barrels by limiting the amount you can have so I see hope for it. So overall 4.5/5"
76561198070948235,Recommended,264140,16397276,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mivaz,"this is good game , it worth to buy .pro:pixel gamebig sand box .con:wait all the action complete in charater . if not it will make the charater error .example like crew moving to the ship and you direct world map go other place then the crew will foverever stay at the ship at least you capture a new ship."
76561197972130141,Recommended,264140,16402792,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,mara_ah,"Quite fun, yet a bit confusing at the beginning. Good as a small filler game!"
,Recommended,264140,16377953,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ADirtyScrub,"Its really hard for me to recommend this game, it really is. Yes it is a good and fun game, but I remember back when it was in early access, and I feel like it still should be. as of 1.1.21 there are still bugs and issues, while none of them are gamebreaking it is sitll annoying and there should be more polish. It really is mostly smaller stuff that the devs could easily fix. Toutorial is lacking in key and I mean, very key informatino and how the game plays. I constanly had to look stuff up in the games ""help"" menu which didn't always have the informaitno I was looking for. While ten bucks for the game might be pushing it depending on your budget, I would definately try to get this game if it is on sale. If you have ten bucks burning a hole in your pocket, get it, it isn't a bad little game."
76561198077328303,Recommended,264140,12065664,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Bees?,Worth every virtual penny.
,Recommended,264140,12119266,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Forrest Gump,"Very good game!Could do with a little extra, but a good game."
76561198008400243,Not Recommended,264140,12216376,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Qrewtix,"Pretty horrible. Controls are awful, gameplay is unintuitive, and as much as I want to enjoy this game, the exucution is just bad."
,Recommended,264140,12220727,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,redp,"Pixel piracy is a fun game that has some light RPG elements. However, after awhile the game becomes stale and relatively the same -- it is vaguely similar to Sid Meier's Pirates! but the boat modification and RPG elements are not sufficient to extend the gameplay into interesting or new avenues."
,Recommended,264140,11380063,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Mergatron,"If you enjoy plunderin' them scallywags ships and scrapin' poo from the decks, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,264140,11014548,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,NativeBlood,"Oh Well............Where do I start with this product. This amazingly complex game. It left me speechless.Now that we are past that lets get into. You need this game it is like nothing ive played before. You start off with a few coins in your pocket slowly start getting crew mates and building onto your ship if you grow you require more money as you must pay you mates.  You need to clean eat keep up morality and loot ships and islands buy weopons and food, You may happen to live long enough to capture or defeat a legendary ship but thats a challenge. You can capture or plunder a ship capturing replaces you current ship plundering loots and destroys it. You must continue too traverse the lands find new towns etc..10/10 a must buy."
,Recommended,264140,11005217,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ImaginaryTruth,"This game is awesome. Great balance of management and strategy skills. Each game feels unique and losing is frustrating, but doesn't ruin."
76561198031524697,Recommended,264140,11009190,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Carind,"This is a fun game, took me a while not to die of nearly everything. After several play throughs I started to understand that giving your crew something to eat doesn't count towards hunger unless it's thrown on the ground first. Really they're just like you and me. The game has a few problems in that it isn't fully done so there is a limit to what you can do in variety, though not lacking in scale. A very enjoyable game to spend time on and broken down into small enough parts to fit into nearly any schedule if there is time to burn."
,Recommended,264140,11058040,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Taylor Moon,"Definitely get it in a sale if you like this sort of thing, maybe at full price."
76561198116249548,Recommended,264140,11061370,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Grapeheads,Really fun to play got two days ago and play 24 hour all ready
76561198068910325,Recommended,264140,11045523,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,TooTsmahGooTs,I enjoy the sea songs :D
76561198089145755,Recommended,264140,11050129,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,HypnoJoe1324,"This game is pretty radical, and I like how there are so many different ways to play. You can try to be a one-man crew and just make your character awesome, or you can hire an army to conquer all pirates and islands in your path."
76561197961272951,Recommended,264140,11121745,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Brian.,"In the middle of a fight with another pirate ship, my ship cleaner decided to kick some poo off the ship, but failed.  The poo struck one of my pirates who was loading the cannons, causing him to drop his bomb.This then blasted him, and about 5 other pirates into the water, where they drown.I now teach all my pirates to swim.10/10"
76561198069822135,Not Recommended,264140,11127082,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Zoosty,This game is not very good i do not recomend it because it has been very glitchy for me and i cant use my other pirates in it.
,Recommended,264140,11158937,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,TehTris,"8/10 This game is addicting, but still fun. When you start out, grind every near island that you can. Put a gangload of points into INT so you can put loads of points into other places. Give a guy fishing/cooking/fishing pole, ASAP and never buy food again. Havent gotten to cannons yet, but im floating around in 4 space. Game is very very fun.NEED TO BE ABLE TO PLUNDER SHIPS WITHOUT HAVING TO OPEN ALL CHESTS!!!!!!!!!! this is very time consuming having to run my captain over and do this every time. I dont care what loot they have, ill just plunder it, as lvl 4 ships give about 100 gold, + mats, im rich as hell.There is some wonky stuff going on with the ship building. Some of the capturable ships, wont let you edit them properly, and end up causing very weird glitches when trying to get on land. Also i had a dude just fall through the ship once, for absolutley no reason. Was pretty strange."
76561198095132128,Recommended,264140,11166657,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,UCKB.Xofox,it's funner than it seems
,Recommended,264140,11171006,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Socks,Fun game to you can pick up and just play for 15 minutes and put it down again.
,Recommended,264140,11201225,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,︻芫═───,Fun game to play on down time.  Love adventuring as a pirate with my crew.
,Recommended,264140,10544204,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,[LOE] Ultimate_Cloud,"Got it early, if you like rougelikes, and don't mind the fact that it's a 2d side sroller, it's a great game and seems like it's going somewhere."
,Recommended,264140,10547430,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Oesor,"Interesting game. However, it's pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when your pirates poop all over your ship."
76561198056665342,Recommended,264140,10596754,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The Batter,The game controls are bad. But its concept is good. It is a co-op smashem up with permadeath. build your ship n stuff and like yo-ho plunder. buy this freakin game so I can play with somebody.
76561198047557927,Recommended,264140,10597007,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,anime.pixie255,"This game is adictive and a fantastic buy, worth every cent. The randomisation makes for great replay value and the custom captin feature is a nice touch.The steam builds could be a little more-up to date though."
76561198062020400,Recommended,264140,10600132,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,egg,AAARRRRRR YEE MATY!
,Recommended,264140,10602678,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ArgentumMors,"I love the double click to quit function it just so useful! I don't know how times i've acidentally clicked ""Quit"" or ""Exit"" and lost my save >:(."
,Recommended,264140,11106921,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Bearzerk,The dev is a kickass guy.
,Recommended,264140,11086788,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,K1dKur0,"If you're good at this game you can get at least 200hrs in a single run. There is definitely a lot you to learn when playing the game, I recommend a guide if you want to get the most out of it. The game can get challenging very quickly if you don't add necessary upgrades to your ship and your crew. As of now the game is not complete as you can plainly see, so there are still some bugs and issues. However with all of that it is still one of the best pirate simulators I have ever played, and it is only going to get better as time goes on."
76561198119141513,Not Recommended,264140,11089629,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Ferrarimiles,Honestly this game is all hype and was a waste of 15 dollar I don't reccomend it.
76561198061879309,Recommended,264140,11061239,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,greenmushroom23,got support from community and was able to get this to work...awesome...worth the money...watch a lets play so u no wut to do tho
,Not Recommended,264140,11095076,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Nengtaka,"I see a lot of reviews for this game, including the three in the description, that talk about how great this game WILL be.They don't review how it currently is, but review what the developer hopes for, and what it ""sounds"" like it is going to be.Right now, I do not recommend this. Of course, it is in early access, and that may chance. For now, play it safe and don't waste your money."
76561198025870177,Recommended,264140,11084612,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,BatesMaster,"Extremely addictive, fun and challenging."
,Not Recommended,264140,10943659,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Cpt. Falconator,"Honestly, I would not recommend this game, yet. Even though It is unfinished I'm guessing if you knew what you were doing it would be a fun game, but for someone who just wants to install and play, It's not what you're looking for. I hope to come back and leave a good review when the game is finished. But as of this moment, I would not recommend this to people."
76561198108071471,Recommended,264140,10890867,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TheFlyingHobo,"This game is a very well made game so far and most likely will continue to grow. The game is hard, and is supposed to be and you have to keep planning and doing things and there are always different problems to solve. Whether you need more gold for hiring, salary, or food or you need to get good loot and weapons to defeat enemies. I highly recommend this game for people who like managing games. PEACE BRUDDAHS!"
76561198076276605,Not Recommended,264140,10894125,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Jackin' JoJo,i couldn't get into the game enough to really enjoy like i did with terraria i felt like it didn't give me enough gold at the begining and if it game you more like in earlier versions of the game it would be more adicting sadly this is not the case do not buy this its a waste
,Recommended,264140,10915231,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DaPlipsta,"The experience that I have with this game has been very positive overall. There are a few things that should, however, be kept in mind. The first is that it is pretty difficult, with a fairly steep learning curve that I have yet to completely hurdle myself. The second is that it suffers from the same issue that many frequently updated pre-release games have: it is very hard to find up-to-date documentation. There are a couple of different wikis which provide information but in my experience most of it is already old and inaccurate. The game itself has a tutorial of its own which helps with the game's very basics, but little else.I have heard reports of many bugs in the game, but in my admittedly limited experience I haven't come across any and the game has run smoothly for the most part.All in all, it's a good buy if you're willing to be patient and invest some time in it. I'm excited to see what the game's future brings."
,Recommended,264140,11233863,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Dezonus,"Pixel Piracy is very much (at the time of writing) an early access game. There's still a lot for them to improve, fix, add etc.That said I personally have found it to be a fantastic game.People have stated that Pixel Piracy is like a mix of FTL and Terraria. I like Terraria, and I sort of like FTL. The one thing that I did not like with FTL was the permanent death stuff. That is very much optional in Pixel Piracy. They have ""Princess"" mode, hardcore mode, and arena mode. Whilst I don't know what arena mode would entail, and hardcore mode would obviously ential permadeath, Princess mode lets you load from last checkpoint when you die (Kinda like Skyrim), and I found that to be perfect for me.Overall, I've just stayed up until 2.30am playing this game because I was having such a great time. I would highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,264140,11234532,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,linkerError,"Wow, how this game has changed in the last few months. What a wonderful little pirate sim this game has become. Most of the rough edges have been removed and the game is being polished to a mirror sheen. The game still has some annoying proclivities (like the inability to unequip items) but loads of improvements have been made in the gameplay and the level of polish that goes into the game.It's a wonderful mix of rogue-like map-crawling and minecraft-like creativity. The game's loop is immensely satisfying: Go out to sea, raid some islands/merchant ships/pirates, kill stuff, take their loot and then pull into town and upgrade ship/crew. Repeat. Bonus points for the how the game lets you BUILD YOUR OWN SHIP, tile by tile, into the hulking monstrosity that would become the terror of the high seas. Even more bonus points for in-depth crew customization and new options for grouping and controlling your crew.If anything, the game is still a bit short on content. There isn't quite enough variety yet in the types of challenges that the game presents. Sure, there are bigger ships to take on, tougher mobs, but unlike games like Diablo III or Minecraft, the approach these challenges never really changes. It's always a game of who has the bigger numbers -- more pirates, more cannons, gear with higher stats... The game never really forces you to adapt to different types of challenges using means other than higher numbers.Don't let these minor quibbles discourage you! The developers of this game are wicked smart and they seem to know exactly what their game needs. Regardless of the game's early access status, I feel confident in stating that you'll likely get your share of laughs and fun out of the game.Let out your inner ""YARRR"" and give Pixel Piracy a try. I promise you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,264140,11180082,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Moggy,"While still not officially released, this is game looks set to be one of the best pirate games released to date.  At the moment it is a little buggy but nothing that will stop you enjoying it.  The developers are excellent with communicating with the game's community, including a publicly available bug tracker.  Fun, light hearted, great sound effects, pixel style visuals, a great deal of pirate and ship customisation.  You will lose sleep playing this game 10/10"
,Recommended,264140,11183588,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Gh05t,"If you are in the mood for some swashbuckling fun than this is the game for you. Manage your crew of scallywags and sail the seas encountering factions, hobos, and other sea farring pirates. The sound of the crew singing the sea shanties on a long voyage or a nice jig like song to boost up moral in the taverns is sure to bring a smile across your face. This is a nice and shiney treasure in a swimming sea of choices. Spend some shillings, pour some grog and get ready for the sea voyage of your short pirate life."
76561198058911966,Not Recommended,264140,10799448,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Lizard King,"Update -I originally recommended this game. However, there's quite a bit that this game does incorrectly - most notably, combat. As of now, ALL you can do for combat is click on land and watch your pirates fight stuff. No strategy. No skill. Just a contest of levels and numbers.In addition, it is possible to level your pirates to godlike status simply by sailing around for a few minutes. In fact, it's the quickest (not to mention easiest) way to level. There's really no incentive to enter combat except to break the tedium and get enough gold to pay salaries.If this were a flash game, it would be about 8/10. Since it is not a flash game, I'd give it about 5/10. It does still have a lot of potential (as it is still early access), but as it stands it is repetitive and boring."
,Recommended,264140,11173024,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Tomoyox,"Pixel Piracy can be really tough and filled with glitches, but that is expected as it is still in early access. Some of the glitches can be really funny though xD It is a good game to get to have some laughs, but if you are already upset then don't play it because it will make you so mad!"
76561198022299211,Not Recommended,264140,10930410,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Turbo Panther,Hate it
76561198065848457,Recommended,264140,10931747,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Curried Durries ✅,My ship got so much sh*t on it a could barely make see that my shipmate was on it.
,Not Recommended,264140,10934389,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Lord Shard,"This game is broken by bugs, though it had potential. I mean, I wanted to play it more, but since it glitched out and wouldn't allow me anything I needed to play it like a sail or even building blocks for the ship, I really can't reccomend it unless that gets fixed.5/10 on graceI feel conned out of my hard-earned money. >.>"
76561198088324985,Recommended,264140,11225714,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,D0gH0t,10/10 great game
76561198118089797,Recommended,264140,11231200,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,tarzzan11,"Not bad, although it would be better if you could capture islands as your own. Over all, it's fun but incomplete so watch out for that."
76561197970615726,Recommended,264140,10997531,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,SouskeSagura,If you like FTL and pirates you should enjoy this a lil unbalanced at the moment but will most likely be fixed soon :)
,Recommended,264140,11023479,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,AkBeast,Awesome game if your into indie style. Not much replay value though.
,Not Recommended,264140,11498675,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Evyl,"AVOID AVOID AVOIDSo i had previously released a positive review.  I am retracting that review.  The primary developer has handed over the project after not so long ago ranting at other alpha-release developers for releasing shody product and abandoning their buyers with it.He's hired a fellow to take over what I presumed would've been something he would've remained very hands-on about if he were an upright character.   Fact is it was released in shambles and isn't making very good progress at all.  Some passion project.When compared to something like 7 days to die that is still in early beta and makes astonishing progress in little time and is already a very complete package,  this game is absolute rubbish."
76561198028668626,Recommended,264140,11907483,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Brick Tamland,why is the rum always gone?
76561197990761476,Recommended,264140,10674920,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tracebustin,"""From the makers of Terraria...""Terraria is one of my favorite games and since I was armed with a coupon for 25% off Pixel Piracy, I decided to try it out. I've put on about 15 hours now, and despite a few technical problems, I'm having a blast with the game. You start off as a lone pirate with a sword and wood to build a ship. Once you build a raft you can set off to start exploring, discovering islands or coming across merchant/pirate ships and plundering them. When you come across cities you can buy new skills for your pirate, food, weapons, ship parts, or hire more pirates to join you. You can level up anyone on your team, or use the same points to teach them new skills, like how to parry. The further away you get from your starting point, the harder the island inhabitants and pirates get. You also get to buy better equipment to keep up with the difficulty.The game is still in early development access, and not ""officials released. Due to that, there are still some technical problems with the game that will hopefully get ironed out before version 1.0 hits. When you attack level 4 pirate ships, the enemy pirates will shoot their cannons at you even if you are already aboard their ship. This will destroy their boat and anyone who happens to be on it. The island inhabitants level up with your character, but seem to level up faster. Your pirates and birds will Poop on the deck of the ship, which can be cleaned up by to teaching someone the ""cleaning"" skill. However, if the poop hits one of the Pirates it will hurt them and knock them back, and I've lost a few pirates who have been standing on the bow of the ship get knocked into he water and drown.Despite the technical issues, I would recommend this game as it is a lot of fun, and hopefully those bugs will get squashed in time."
,Recommended,264140,10675748,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,x7streaks,Extremely fun Pirate RPG
,Recommended,264140,10679694,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kenny Froggins,"This game scratched an itch that I didn't even know existed.  Purchased during thr Steam Summer Sale, and was definitely satisfied with the price for the ammount of fun.  The developer of this game also seems extremely active when responding to comments from the community, especially onReddit.com.Would recommend this game based on the number of hours played, in addition to the well-documented early-access update streams.  I have had a lot of fun playing this game, and would only guess that it will ramp up in intensity as new things are added to the game.If you're on the fence about Pixel Pirates, do a search onReddit.com, consisting of 'PixelPirates'.  The developer is extremely active in terms of answering community questions and problems.  I am looking forward to the experience of staying with this game through ""to the end."""
,Recommended,264140,10676758,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Blenderer,"Plays like FTL (obviously in a pirate world). This game is still in in production as I'm writing this review, but it has HUGE potential.... Like Minecraft potential. I'll be coming back to this game as often as patches/content is added!"
,Recommended,264140,10684324,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,aikyou_nebu,"Current Bug Causing us to all start over since cannot open saved files, instant death and black screen"
,Recommended,264140,10684612,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,iCreepZz,"Awesome, fun side scroller game. Most fun ive had with a indie/sandbox game in a while."
76561198018606492,Recommended,264140,10903201,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Vallen Crowfang,concept so far from what i have played is simple and leaves more to be desired and i am hopeing to see more work done to the game as i take and play through with every update i plan to start new each time though i kinda wish your first pirate started with a simple skill other then attack maybe also give him cook or clean as a bonus this way you have a real chance to get off the ground if you start with only one pirate i am also hopeing to see more improvment with some of the skills and have a bigger impact with the skills maybe give cleaning a few extra lvls so the the pirate cleaning dose not have to go all the way to the top of your ship if you have a cannon hall block he could just through it out the cannon hole simple stuff like that could improve this game and i am hopeing to see more as the game grows i wish the developer's all the luck in the world to make this game a great game
76561198122896488,Recommended,264140,10908686,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,KyleKeesnaw,"This is a great game, I can't wait for multiplayer."
,Recommended,264140,10899290,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Hungry Zhug,"Spent 60 gold on my first and only crew member, went to an island, said we would be the best of friends like it was going out of style, 10 seconds later he mutinies, had to kill him, got 7 gold from corpse. Wondering what happened to the other 53 gold, will keep me up at night.10/10"
76561198114518789,Recommended,264140,10649741,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,360NOPOPE,"Lead Pirate singer: And Pusssssssssssssssssssssshin' people off a plank!Random Guy in backround: I think he was going for something else!8/10 would pusssssssssssssh againIn all seriousness, there are some bugs that need adressing. Twice now, I have had pirates fall off the ship while grappling. it has cost me 1,000 coins total probably.  And ladders... Need work. I was trying to attack a pirate stealing my pusssssssshes and my pirates just could not climb up the ladder on their own ship. Ladders are glitchy. The AI needs some work as well, fixing those would bump it up to a 10/10 all the pussssssssssh. But overall great game with little to no other bugs, really fun, love the taverns, great concept, great shops... There isn't much else to say. It is totally worth the $15 (and even more worth the $10.04 from the summer sale!)"
76561198003832250,Recommended,264140,10605877,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Baglodush,A realy fun game. Even its beta only.
,Recommended,264140,10609412,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Virtigo,"These pirates are so hard to please. Even the captain who's supposed to please the other pirates can be unpleased!This game is a joy thief, and I'm pretty sure it will steal more from me in the future.10/10"
,Recommended,264140,10617206,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ferret,CHING CHONGZ
76561197987440040,Not Recommended,264140,10808008,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,RokRoland,"Really not engaging and repetitive. It may be unfair to compare to Nethack or ADOM but they're free, and Terraria is just so much more interesting, and Sid Meier's Pirates handles the pirate domain a lot better. The official launch needs to improve on a LOT of things in order to make this game worthwhile. Some examples on frustrations below.Even though pirates that run off to a tavern for a beer sound like a great idea the joke runs out fast and gets frustrating as they sometimes refuse to leave in what appears to be an UI glitch. The UI makes targeting an individual enemy from a group possible but tedious, so fighting effectively is also tedious. And the inventory UI is horrible.Morale of pirates wanes quickly and healing seems to take forever despite training appropriate skills. Another frustration is you might have thousands of gold coins worth of loot but only the skill trainer will purchase them, and there are about 6 different kinds of traders with 1-4 traders on a town island, so it is quite possible you run out of rum, out of gold, eventually having your crew mutiny despite being in civilization and completely loaded with treasure nobody wants to buy.Challenges of combat seem to be limited to how many instant health items you brought with you, and as long as you train your pirates swimming, beach attacks are a case of either knocking enemies into the sea in case of multiple enemies, or bringing enough people to swarm the enemy while spamming HP items. I don't think the scaling of enemies is well thought out either.Cannons aren't worth much when you get them, since either you're pummeling semi-harmless merchantmen which you could beat anyway, or if opposing pirates they board your ship too fast and you're only blasting them after they run away in terror to their own boat, which means you're only shooting at the enemy after you have practically won.I wanted to like this game, but it is just not even close to enjoyable yet. In the end you appear to spend most of your time staring at a ship where some guys are catching fish, some are pooping on the deck, some guys are kicking poop off the deck, and the rest are eating, drinking rum, or cooking fish. After the novelty wears off the fun is lost quickly and you're just traveling around the map having a repetitive encounter after another. If pooping pirates (or pirates in diapers, for real) sounds like hours of fun, go for it though."
76561198044421894,Recommended,264140,10842195,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,peter,Lots of fun!
,Recommended,264140,10842299,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,drk723,"Wow.  Just wow.  A game has not been able to grab my attention this strong for awhile now.  I don't usually recommend what people should do with their money, but I am telling you now, buy this game if it has only sparked a little curiosity for you.  You will enjoy."
,Not Recommended,264140,10844453,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,PigInATuxedo,"This game is terrible. Waste of money. It always says ""you have no pirate group selected""! I HAVE 2 CREW MEMBERS AND THEY ARE STUCK STANDING THERE DOING NOTHING BECAUSE THIS GAME'S TUTORIAL TEACHES YOU NOTHING! Somebody please tell me how to select custom group 1 SO I CAN ACTUALLY PLAY THE GAME WITH MORE THAN MY STUPID CAPTAIN PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,264140,10846106,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Zeegler Quixote,"There are some annoying aspects of Pixel Piracy, but the core game can be pretty addicitve."
,Not Recommended,264140,10807444,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Prolapser,"Terrible.  The interface is sloppy, the character is difficult to control. This is rare, but I regret purchasing this game, even at a discount."
,Recommended,264140,10808668,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,shrek,"This is game is awesome. If you love to sail around in an open world, this is for you. Its like GTA except for pirates.... So STA(Ship Theft Auto?)"
76561198000489230,Not Recommended,264140,10810398,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Zalera,"Has potential, but is barely playable in its current state. You probably shouldnt pay the asking price for it until its had some serious work"
,Not Recommended,264140,10811526,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Bozzwtf,"Buggy, very difficult and not very fun. Seems very limited in it's current state, but looks promising. I look forward to where this may be in a year or so."
,Recommended,264140,10811695,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,AaronSammyClassicSonicFanFan,"Game play: 8/10Graphics : 7/10sound: 10/10Over all: 10/10 Within the first 10 minutes of playing I had gathered a crew consisting of a Drunken father, an old samurai and a boat sales man. We visited two islands and I the captain died because my crew refused to accept orders from me because we had pooped all over the boat and couldn't afford tolearnhow to clean it. Instead of getting off the boat with their poop and fighting with me they stayed on the ship with poop because they where unhappy with the ships conditions.Game play was ok but was in a bad situation far to fast and didn't really guide me at all, I felt abandoned by the game but after watching some videos I knew alittlebit more since most videos seem to be of a different version who start out with more  money etc.Graphics are good i'm a fan of pixel art and it looks really clean and visually apealing but the game itself isn't very graphically intense their isn't much to it you have a crew a ship made up of the same texture only in different shapes and most islands look the same to me. Its all a bit repetitive.Sound complements the game perfectly and is easy to listen to and does not bother me one bit while playing. At one point I had some pirate chant come on which was quite interesting.Tl;Dr The game is hard, has a learning curve I guess you could say but it is a fun side scrolling, (somewhat) open world pixel pirate game in which you hire a crew, kill other crews, explode ships and take over ships that happen to be better than yours."
,Recommended,264140,10617234,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Riddle,This is a fun game to play when I got a free 20minutes to spare ^.^
,Recommended,264140,10620191,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Campaigner,"Buyer must ALWAYS be wary of Early Access games, as developers tend to get lazy when they are given money for lack of work. Just an early warning for those looking into this.This game is very simple; you control a little pirate captain, kill other pixel pirates, recruit more pirates to fight with you, and so on. It's a side-scrolling game that goes at your pace, and it's an extremely casual Real Time Strategy as you have to make the choice; ""Should I go pillage these landlubbers, or run away like a wimp?"" every time.The controls are limited, only needing the mouse for controlling your movement and your team movement, and the left and right arrow keys or A and D keys to move the camera left and right. You can literally play this game to its full extent with just one hand, so it is friendly to the disabled players out there.Combat may seem lacking, as it's just motionless cardboard  cutouts smacking each other, but the entirety of the game has nothing doing any sort of movement except for wobbling. This is akin to South Park, where detailed movement is kept to a bare minimum. This may be a turn off for some, but for others it may provide just the right kind of amusement.Music is exceptional. The pirates all sound like kids with an overdose of helium, save for a few satanic-sounding options, and they all sing these hilariously child-friendly pirate songs at times. Even if you just leave the game sitting and have the music play, it's relaxing and enjoyable.Graphics may not seem important, especially since this game has far less detail than even Terraria (Published by the same group), but they are simple and to the point. There is no unnecessary detail, and you can tell what everything is without straining your eyes to figure out if the pirate is smiling, frowning, or constipated. By the way, the pirates love to poop on your ship, and it's even animated.Depth of gameplay, as of the current build (0.7.2.1), is rather shallow. Items only go so far up, making later fights near impossible. Money becomes an issue after so long, and you have to either hope you find exceedingly good items in uninhabited island chests, or throw away your pirates to take down a ship and get 50 gold. Legendary Ships are even more tedious, as they can utterly destroy your ship in 3 shots, ending your game.Again, Early Access should ALWAYS be ""Buyer Beware"", but I would recommend this game simply because it is enjoyable as-is, and is fully worth the low price during the sales."
76561198128919418,Recommended,264140,10620612,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mr Cooper,Such a great game! I love it and definetly recommend it
76561197993328845,Recommended,264140,10621523,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ByProxy,Played for a few hours so far. I think this has a lot of potential. Clearly still a work in progress but I am looking forward to additionals and development of this game.
,Recommended,264140,10753444,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Wotrician,Awesome indie.
76561198044767143,Recommended,264140,10789618,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SeaDog,This games has lots of potential. Really like it. It really needs a tutorial. I spent like 20min Alt+TAB this game and google in order to figure out what to do. 8/10
,Recommended,264140,10791207,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jääkäri nönnönööö,this game is awesome
,Recommended,264140,10741368,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Robeauxcop,Beautiful tropical paradise invaded by pirate scum. Local tribesmen eradicate the menace. Game over.10/10 Would get ambushed again.
,Recommended,264140,10742463,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Populix,"Pixel Piracy isn't quite finished yet, but I still find it absolutely wonderful. The music is amazing, the art style is - I'll admit, KINDA adorable. Listening to your pirates belt out one liners at eachother over and over is actually kind of endearing instead of annoying. The way they kind of... plod along is fun to watch, you feel like rooting for them, ""Yeah! Go little pirate, ♥♥♥♥ that guys day up, I KNOW YOU CAN DO IT!""Gameplay wise, it's pretty simple. Build your ship how you want, explore to get more crew and items for your ship. Level up your crew to make them stronger and more skilled, kick♥♥♥♥♥♥off of your ship, cuz thats gross. You go from place to place and maybe you get attacked by pirates, maybe you find an island of savages and maybe you run into a group of angry boars. Or you could find a town. Maybe your crew will mutiny because you aren't paying them. I don't know, but I can tell you the first time I played? I think my own father pirate pushed me off the boat and a shark ate me.Just like real life. Buy it!"
,Recommended,264140,10743126,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,sc1ph3r,"when I think of this game, three things come to mind. Crap on my ship, squeaky high voices in a tavern singing sea shanties, and my captain jumping off the side of the ship for no reason to have lunch with a shark. ( and not exactly in the best way imaginable.) The last I suspect is a rather game breaking bug, as if you didnt save you're down crewmen or your captain, you have to backtrack a bit to your last save, but the game IS in beta, so I guess such things are to be expected. not that it's not funny tho, particularly when you name the pirates after your friends and narrorate their horrific deaths to their real life namesakes. looking past the bugs, it's a very enjoyable game."
76561198006921314,Recommended,264140,10743944,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,sdleader2000,"This is one of those simple, yet addicting games. You may find yourself wondering why you spent money on it, or you may just find yourself wondering where the last few hours went!"
,Recommended,264140,10673422,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hyrule Lynith,"Good game, Buggy as hell (for now.)For certain, if you even remotely like pirates you should pick up Pixel Piracy, just kinda... wait a little bit before actually playing it.The dev has even encourage people to pirate the game and try it out.  HE uploaded it himself to ""The Bay.""  Just please, if you try it and like it... support the developer and purchase the game.  They've been very involved in the forums and with the community.This game shows a hell of a lot of promise.  Once the kinks are ironed out, it'll be a fantastic game.  In the meantime I'm still enjoying it, it just requires a bit of patience."
76561197976984902,Recommended,264140,10673909,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,PointZero,"Haven't played long yet, but it's super fun.  On top of that, the dev says that he welcomes piracy of his pirate game so people don't have to buy before they try. A refreshing perspective, but I don't think it's necessary here."
,Recommended,264140,10705379,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Panic,"There's so much poop on my ship, I cannot see my pirates any more.10/10"
,Recommended,264140,10708892,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,cold hand dog,"i got to say this game give me a lot of fun ,even there is loads of bugs . its worth buying to see what will happen next tho ."
,Recommended,264140,10711841,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,VvBebovV,If you love Terraria you'll love Pixel Piracy. It still donest have as much content as Terraria but its slowly working its way to be a pretty awesome game.
76561198048970329,Not Recommended,264140,10884140,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,luxesto,"I used to love this game but a few recent updates made it unplayable.  My pirates constantly get stuck when visiting islands.  My pirates just walk off my ship when they see enemies, and they get knocked off grappling hooks by thrown poop and fall to their deaths."
,Not Recommended,264140,10884822,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,NitroCat,"This game is seriously terrible. if there aren't some major fixes by release I want my money back. The moral and hunger systems are terrible and half the ""towns"" don't even have taverns or food. Money is extremely hard to come by and once you run out of food say goodbye to your character. It gives you the chance to load your data but that doesn't mean you're not still starving. The AIs in this game need some serious work and so does the game overall."
76561198101315665,Recommended,264140,10884983,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,EvilMichael,great game still has a few bugs but almost there
,Recommended,264140,12492169,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,King of the Murder Hobos,"Be a pirate. Go places, shoot things, hit things with swords, And PLUNDER ALL THE LOOT! YE BE READY TO SAIL THE OPEN SEAS YE SCALLYWAG? AVAST! LAND HO!"
,Recommended,264140,12600204,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Baaah,"I'm very torn on this game. But keep coming back to check out the updates. So I guess enough of it is good to outweigh the bad/unfinished so far and in the Long run it will only get better... So yes I reccommend it on the basis that it's decent and will improve.. But...Caution - There are several Issues I hope get addressed properly...*The UX/UI expereince is garbage, nothing is where I would expect, you have to press space to get menues to go to more menues, to do X before exiting and unnggggg  fix the UI sit and work on it for a month... the whole team, everyhting could be streamlined, everything could be improved...  It is all ""placeholder"" in my opinion..*Poop as a mechanic... is annoying and pointless, and buggy.. Seems very childish and wears thin when you have 6 sailors with ""cleaning"" who won't clean certain areas of the ship..* leveling up feels boring and forced... 2 points per level is dull, seperate out TP and skills, gain ""skills"" every 3-5 lvls and get to spend TP on actual stats... would be my suggested improvement.* Speed up time between islands... Forget leveling and fishing etc between encounters.. just send the load the next encounter unless theres a ""random event"" between the two locations...* Respawn pirates in gaps... if you create a void pirates should fill them.. Just respawn after 5 days or somthing.*prioritise firing cannons over all other tasks.. Having your only gunner decide to clean up poop before firing a cannon is laughable..I have a few more.. But if these get fixed the game should be really fun.. Either way.. It's ok now but could be really good 7/10"
76561198113621988,Recommended,264140,12588879,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,NathanBCrazy,8/10 pretty good but gets boring after awile
,Recommended,264140,12233759,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,EmZiom,If you are not afraid  of bugs.  Buy it. Its good game.
,Recommended,264140,12224092,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,nini,Good swashbuckling fun!
76561198014326158,Recommended,264140,12224568,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Vyvjala,"PROSThis game is a good buy at $5.00. Fun to collect parts and equipment to build ships. Really fun to blast enemy crew with cannons and plunder their ships. Funny item names and properties that will make you laugh.CONSThere are some issues with crew hunger getting out of control as they level due to bugs as of 09/24/14. The game doesn't have as many items as Terraria. Aggressive players will have everything collected in a week. Crew skill management isn't very polished and can be a pain at times. Crew AI pathfinding on custom-built ships can be an issue, but with a few design tweaks in port it can be bypassed."
76561197987813697,Not Recommended,264140,12225444,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Rex Dart: Eskimo Spy,Barely worth the $5. It's basically flash game level of sophistication.
,Recommended,264140,12228600,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,opouly,because ♥♥♥♥ you PIRATES!
,Recommended,264140,11399570,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,bad at tf2,"You might be scared away by the click controls and the fact that it's not intense, action that you're completely controlling. I was too, I like to be right in the action, thus I was quesitioning my purchase a little when I found that out. But once I started playing, and I saw the menu, at the music started rolling. I felt good. I thought, ""This was worth every penny. Heck, I feel as if I cheated these devs."" But once I started playing, I couldn't stop. Every island looted, every pirate slain, every ship plundered just fueled my fun. If you are looking for a different kind of game, a mix of creating your own ship, strategizing your attacks and travelling, rogue-like permadeaths, as well as hardcore survivaling aspects, then I would any day recommend this to you. I wish I could've paid more for this."
,Recommended,264140,11295702,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Peed Agon,very fun game but it can get kind of repetitive.
,Recommended,264140,11278908,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Zemir,"Fling pixelated, pirate, poo at your friends!10/10 Would fling again."
76561198057141371,Recommended,264140,11233798,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,RinaDerp,"I've only owned this game for about 2 weeks, but this game keeps getting better and better. While I enjoyed this game a great deal in its current state, there are some obvious beta issues (AI hangups in particular) that make the lategame very hard to manage. In addition, the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on a lot of machines- it may be 2D, but you'll still need a somewhat beefy computer to run it right now. That said, even if I never play this game again after writing this review, I believe it was entirely deserving of the $7.50 I paid for it in the steam sale, and I give thanks to the developers."
,Recommended,264140,10994468,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ink Lion,"From the geniuses behind Terriara comes another epic little game.  A great example of a perfect blend of genres, well worth every penny. Also still in beta, so I can't wait to see what they will add next"
,Recommended,264140,11283776,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Locosback,"10/10 first time i played, it was on easy, i got a giant axe and a spear. with these 2 weapons i was running groups with ships 3 times the size of mine over with ease. seccond time, on medium. i tried to do the same and got murdered by a glitch where my cook wouldnt cook anything. it was beautifull."
76561198080650895,Recommended,264140,11841447,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Team 10 DuccDadfefe,It is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO AWESOME!
76561197969519792,Recommended,264140,11848065,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,The Nozzle,"If you like learning how to balance your ship and crew's needs and still loot everything in sight this game might be up your ally.  Easy to start tough to learn and master.  I started a few times trying to learn how to maintain my crew's moral and have enough gold to buy provisions and skills.  A few hints: barrels of rum, rum and more rum.  Keep your crew swimming in it and you'll be a happy captain, also learn swimming, I learned that the hard way."
,Recommended,264140,11883047,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Ryn Rly,son of a biscuit eater
76561198035370207,Recommended,264140,11205422,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,johnashead,awesome game 8/10
76561198039674444,Not Recommended,264140,11206430,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Biff,"I used to love this game, then they changed too much with the recent update rendering the game more tedious than fun.  Having to drag a little icon for my pirates to attach is a tremendous headach, especially when simply right clicking used to do the same thing to great ease.  Now your pirates just buble around like idiots untill you select each group and drag an icon on a moving target to make them do something useful. Why they changed simply being able to right click for your pirates to attack is beyond me.  I really hope they fix this in the future to make this game more fun and less than a chore."
76561198116882838,Recommended,264140,10871212,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TheSoviet,"Pretty fun, I'm still getting the hang of it but it will definetly keep me playing!!!Poop is annoying though..."
,Recommended,264140,10874095,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AARosson,"Wow, just wow I never knew my free time could fly by so quickly. You will loose your social life trying to pottie train your crew. Totally Awesome Game, can't wait to see what features they will add. I was kinda sad there was no multiplayer but I imagin it would be difficult in this game. I want to see a Pixel Space piracy game next!."
,Recommended,264140,10858635,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Surfertie,This game is already so great and with the added love it has got from not only the creater but the community over the last few weeks I feel it will get better and better!
76561198057586801,Recommended,264140,11508940,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Mr.Smiley,very good game id buy it now while the sale is still going on. to admit its a little buggy at times but over all its a good buy and i was surprised at how much fun it really is
,Recommended,264140,11509453,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Crippling Depression,"I have to admit... Nothing beats the slow mo animation after killing an enemy pirate.. The slow mo just makes it sooo funny :DOverall Sick game.. Played it during beta and saw the game grow.. I personally enjoy it and will continue playing it...Above that I have massive respect to the devs who worked on this game extensively.. Listened to the community and put alot of time perfecting this game and they said a few times they'll continue working on it after it's initial release from early access... What can I say... Great developers make great games.. And I hope the best of luck to them with this game and with future titles they decide to work on :D.WALK THE PLANK YE SALTY DOG, AND CLEAN THE POOP DECK WHILE YOU'RE AT IT THE CAPTAIN HAD BEEN POOPING ALL OVER THE PLACE JUST FOR YOU TO CLEAN IT.."
,Recommended,264140,11509515,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,KyroThePurple,great game
,Recommended,264140,11509848,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Fly_Pepper,is pretty cool but dont play if u have da overheat problemos :^)
76561198048158745,Not Recommended,264140,11510041,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Zombonic,Its a good idea for a game but it lacks in good gameplay or even decent gameplay. Boring!
,Recommended,264140,11511153,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Jmankmanslayman,best pixel piratey game of all time.
,Not Recommended,264140,11511203,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,SGT Duran,"Nope... Poor controls, ambiguous town layout, lack of tool tips, hideous inventory system. I question the designers when the player is able to have a bleed effect placed on them that will kill them in minutes of starting a game. Not much reward for skill there. Enough with turning out game after game of perma death, making them hard even on easy, then calling the lazy design and bugs ""features"""
,Not Recommended,264140,11511436,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Fosgate,"8 hours in, 4 characters, all level 30-50. Almost beat the final boss ships and then they all decide to starve themselves to death, Nothing I could do, tried every different kind of food. Also stopped fishing prior to stop cooking and eating altogether. Game breaking bug that has apparently for around for months. Terrible Dev for not addressing it."
76561198064228998,Recommended,264140,11512031,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,John Lemmon,Good Game. Great Dev's.
76561198075967515,Recommended,264140,11512665,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,patrat3121,Awesome game 5/5 would recomend. Great game. Awesome pirates.
,Recommended,264140,11512709,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Dream,Lot's of fun \:D/Love games like this!
,Not Recommended,264140,11512923,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Aquifel,"I really wanted to like this game, the art style is kind of captivating, i find the pirates squeaky voices kind of cute, it has a neat little rpg system for your pirates! it basically checks all the boxes i need!  I 'beat the game' or at least, i killed the 4 legendary pirates, i believe there is an end game screen if you clear the entire map as well, but i don't think i really enjoyed it.Even though it is officially out of early access now, it should not be.  The UI is confusing, there are a series of buttons at the bottom of the screen that control everything, only several of them don't actually do anything (most notably, the attack button seems to be completely non-functional, you attack just by moving your units to a hostile), and the ones that do let you accomplish things are explained very badly or not at all (even in the games help system, it kind of just assumes you already know what you're doing).  It took me hours before i realized how to select my hired crew of pirates (you click on a set of bars with pirate group names on them at the top, when clicked the bar will change from black to a very dark maroon), i still am not sure how to change the groups my pirates are in to make them more easily selectable.These problems continue in every part of the ui, the shipbuilding screen is hard to use, and obscured by unnecessary parts of the ui (if your captain is nearby a shopkeeper, you cannot build your ship without also viewing the shopkeepers inventory), on top of that, there is a grey overlay that persists while trying to build your ship, also, if you remove a part, it does not go back to your inventory until you leave the screen and come back.  The crew screen is bad at presenting information, some of my crew have what appears to be medals on their portraits, i cannot find out what these mean, there is no further info on them, some pirates have them, some don't, no mouseover/extra info as to why.  When on an individual crewman's page, skills are learned through books, which after much trial and error, it was found that to use them, you have to put the book in the crewmans equipment slot? somewhat confusing, improving stats of a crewman is done by using TP (gained from leveling) and then clicking on what appears to be a golden poop, i assume this was meant to be an arrow up, but it looks nothing like one.  Its not apparent how skills work, there is a skill called cannon mastery, my ship has several piles of ammo and plenty of cannons, but despite the fact that all 10 of my crewman have the skill, they almost never decide to use it, and almost never more than once, also i've never seen anyone even try to use the swivel gun.  That brings to my next point about the crew! despite their morale being maxed out, along with full bellies, ample supplies of rum and food, sometimes they'll just go crazy and shoot someone, just for kicks, no warning! one second you'll have a crew of 10, the next, they've all shot each other! and despite the captain still being alive, its game over anyways.  Also, the entire game is covered in a weird blur effect, i guess it was an artistic choice, but it honestly makes the game look drastically worse than the screenshots you see above, you can turn the effect down in your settings, but not completely off.  The rest of the ui is at least mediocre, the world map is kind of boring, but functional, the animals screen, i have not been able to figure out as of yet, sometimes the buttons just don't do anything at all, sometimes they start working if you click on them several times.  The game makes this absolutely horrible high volume noise at the intro whenever you load it (at the Quadro-Delta developer logo), i actually almost quit right there.In conclusion, this could be at least a good game if they completely throw out every last aspect (seriously, every single bit, the ui is horrible, redo every single screen) of the ui and start from scratch.  The actual game is lacking in variety in some areas, there are not very many different ships you will be fighting along with every island being nearly the same, and there are a few things that i don't think add to the experience, like pirates pooping everywhere which was cute for about a minute (with the constant influx of new pirates after they randomly shoot each other, i get tired of teaching each one to poop).  But, still the game behind that miserable ui seems like it might be at least a little fun after completely starting over on the ui (100% redo of the ui, every part is bad).08/01/14: I've heard that the UI was recently updated? I never played when the game was in early access under the old ui, but whatever was changed, change it back, it cannot be worse."
,Recommended,264140,11534729,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,thewoodsnake,"Anyone remembering Sid Meier's Pirates will love this game.  Simple, fun, and hard to put down."
,Not Recommended,264140,11528639,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,A Sack Of Spooky Sandwiches,"The only reason why i gave it a ""No"" is because it has horrible fps and on low resolutions you cant read anything and there is extreme blur and a wierd ""3D glasses"" effect that makes it almost impossible to see anything even though i have met MORE than the requirements. I haven't even played it due to this, but on videos, it looks very fun.4/10I will give it a better rating once this fps issue is fixed and i can actually play. But right now, its kinda a waste of money."
,Recommended,264140,11051821,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Notility,i have played alot and i like the rapid updates and what they have in them.fun game!!!!!!!!!:D:D:D
76561198118184356,Recommended,264140,11529374,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Akira Matsuo,"I enjoyed the heck out of FTL and this is just the same type of gameplay, its all fun and games until your mateys poop the poop deck too much, then its time to plunder and take anothers ship the building and crew options are near endless and the adventures and random quests are halarious"
76561198005648839,Not Recommended,264140,11529903,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,BlueFilk,"Great game that will be better if things get ironed out. As of Aug 2, 14 this game has multiple problems with your own pirates not using their abilities properly or sometimes at all. Your control over your pirates is hampered by bad controls and interface. I stopped playing when my ship was very minorly damaged and the pathing for my pirates was broken, very annoying.All considered though the 15 hours i played was extremely fun. building your ship and upgrading your pirates is great.If this game is polished into a more perfect experience i would easily sink many hours into it."
76561198072631472,Not Recommended,264140,11531580,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Rewelization,becuase its very hard to understand how to play and what the point of it is?
,Recommended,264140,11532624,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,DMTavatrix?,noice game
76561197992460359,Recommended,264140,11532855,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Multi,"Yeah it's buggy. It's buggy as all hell and and the AI is awful.But I've played 20 hours in 2 days and I'm not going to be able to walk away from it again today, so it must be doing something right.If it gets looked after the way Re-Logic have looked after Terraria, this'll be on my favorites list for a long time."
76561198037537401,Recommended,264140,13539253,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,merchantman111,Good game. It does get repetative after awhile but otherwise it's fun.
,Recommended,264140,25136086,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Tlaggypyro,This game is highly enjoyable especially if you enjoy pixel graphics and pirates I've played 50 hours and still haven't beat the game deleted my saves a few times because I enjoy the early game the devs have not abandoned this they updated a few months ago and I'm guessing they will have another in a few more good game though thanks for reading
,Recommended,264140,25153403,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Paul Blart,"Great game, with loads of features- sure, you might drift away from the objective (kill all 4 godly pirates)  In this game, you can create Several ship varietes (Even A Giant D**k as your ship!), the perfect crew. Plunder all the prizes from the water to several islands, and get back on board in time for your crews tea. scourge the seven seas, sink anyone's ship to murder your oppoments. however, you'll get dicey, fighting with death, you die? no respawn unless your enire crew dies. it isn't just plundering: Make sure not to starve, or get your morale too low so your pirates don't turn on you- also, prepare to clean so much sh*t (litterally) and spend so much money on skill books, crew menber salaries & food. Watch out for scurvy!This game includes:-Good gameplay-easy learning curve-variety of diffculties for the hardcore and filthy casuls-variety of different weapons and play styles8.75/10- worth the money, but grab it on sale if you can"
76561197989137962,Not Recommended,264140,25215844,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,wardeco,"I'd like to recommend this game, BUT unfortunately I cannot, the game might be great if the bugs and other problems, (not really bugs but things that need to be altered), were to be solved/altered. But as it seems the developers have abandoned the game so I cannot recommend."
,Recommended,264140,25231958,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Dr. Sultan Ahmed Al-Jabar,pretty fun little game however it just feels like a lot more features can be added to make this game spectacular but I will accept it for what it is especially since I bought it quite cheap
76561198118543210,Recommended,264140,25240903,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,hakuna891,Shiver me timbers!Great game!
,Recommended,264140,25195537,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,akward_hero,"At first, its hard.  Then a strong pirate dies and a little piece of you with it.  Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,264140,25115543,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,InDyKiD,"A good game, but make sure to have a good computer!"
76561198060658496,Recommended,264140,10793680,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,twitch.tv/Braxillian,"This is a really great game even being in Early Access. It does have a few annoying bugs that make gameplay a bit frustrating, but that is to be expected for now.If you're looking for a great game that will have the hours flying by then this will definitely fill your need. I look forward to seeing what all this game has in store."
76561198079097207,Recommended,264140,10794069,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,rage,"Its a good game overall. Considering I purchased it while it was still in it's development stage, there weren't nearly as many bugs as expected. Yes, there were a few bugs, such as randomly falling out of my boat, and trying to capture a boat but instead end up in my own, but overall, this is a quality game you can enjoy for months. To those of you whom know the game, it's gameplay is very similar to the epic space battle game, Faster Than Light."
,Not Recommended,264140,10794510,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Callum,"pure♥♥♥♥♥♥and bugs galore, not worth £10 and not worth the sale price of £5"
,Recommended,264140,10794614,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Insomm,One of my crew members learnt how to clean the ship by literally kicking the feces out into the ocean.I also just found out I could potty train my crew.Totally worth the buy.
,Recommended,264140,10795872,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[VB]Blix,amazing rogue like game
76561198040341887,Recommended,264140,10796400,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Update Queued,""" we are the pirates we cant swim."""
76561198006148422,Recommended,264140,10440824,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,JonnyD73,"This is an awsome game. Yes, there is still some polishing that needs to be done but, the dev seems to be very active. Each time I find a bug, it seems to be fixed within a day or 2. The game is a little addictive and there is nothing like getting all your pirates singing scurvy dog while you sail to your next goal.  For the cost, it's worth it. You can customize your pirate to your liking, buy various skills, improve stats, and many other things."
76561198041817135,Recommended,264140,10443830,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,TDS1397,My pirates took a dump on their own ship. Had to teach them that this was wrong. 10/10
,Recommended,264140,10443863,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,TheLegendAwakens,best must buy even though there are some annoying bugs it is still a great game and they are fixed regularly
76561198119618573,Recommended,264140,10457179,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Crow,I found a bug when you have 9 or more people on a ship and the deck and lower are full of poop you can't move?
,Recommended,264140,10486078,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,xMGDx,a very addictive game.  I played for hours and hous.  Kept dying tho.  lol.  So i figured lets try a cheat.   Cheat made the game fun for about an hour.   Actually after an hour  ruined the game.      Lesson to be thouth   Dont use the cheat.   Play this great game as is.  Earn your way.    Enjoy the challange.
,Recommended,264140,10488390,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,VPLogix,The adventure is flowing through my vains now.
76561198038477465,Recommended,264140,10714922,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Drf93,"This game is great, but there are a handful of negatives, all of which I've seen other people talk about already;1. The gameplay can be repetitive2. The early access version is incredibly buggy (more on that later)3. Some features are in the game and not implemented yet4. The pirate sounds get old really quicklyThe main problem I have is that the game is buggy; I maxed out my int so that I could get the max TP per level, turns out this is about 100. So, I turned that into agility, and at a certain point your weapon attack speed goes below 0, which means you have a solid beam of attacks, and also your character moves instantaneously from one map point to another. This causes problems due to the game tick speed, because you can move fast enough to jump off your boat or miss another boat when you use a grappling hook.Basically, the game is fun but you have to be careful."
,Recommended,264140,10715667,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,JebusofDenmark,I would strongly recommend people get behind this game! It is excellent! I am already addicted to all the features it has at this point and I am looking forward to the updates that are coming.If you want a game that will challenge you and be loads of fun! Pick this one!
,Recommended,264140,10720145,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,☁↯Storm_12↯☁,Cannot put this down and the more I play the better it gets. WORTH BUYING!
,Recommended,264140,10720446,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,The_Very_Solid_Snake,this game is awesome i cant wait to see what new features they add
76561198139070762,Recommended,264140,10724897,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Imissoccy,Love this game! Can't wait til it develops more. I'm expecting great things!
,Recommended,264140,10818118,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,jakron1,"I just wish the one girl would stop calling me a loser!! :(other then that, picked up the game during the summer sale. Pretty fun so far"
,Recommended,264140,10784061,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dupe,"Actually really fun, but you can run out of content, and the cannons can be as destructive to your opponents and yourself. Buy it if its on sale."
,Recommended,264140,10819881,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Serapaxson [ABK],"Thoroughly enjoy it, and with new content being added all the time that makes you Feel excited for when new stuff are added.Can't wait for multiplayer that would be some good fun. i have not experienced any bugs within my time playing so far and can't think of much that you could improve on either.Serapaxson"
,Recommended,264140,10820502,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SilentInSUB,"PIRATES!!!While spending the first few minutes trying to get the hang of the controls, I had begun to feel as though I had made an unforunate mistake buying this game. However, once I understood my character's purpose in life, I realized that this was everything that Assassin's Creed Black Flag wished it was. So yea... sorry Ubisoft. You start as a lone pirate captain, sailing around on your little dinghy. But as you progress through the different islands you'll gain wealth, renown, a bigger ship, and a piratey pirate crew!So if you want to be a jaunty captain, sailing the open seas with your makeshift crew of pirates, then this is the game for you! (ignore obvious sales pitch closer)(but don't ignore it, because you should get it)(because... well..)(PIRATES!!!)"
,Recommended,264140,10831005,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,3DXcentric,"An adorable, addictive game with pleasant graphics and a soothing soundtrack. Recommended!"
,Recommended,264140,10634263,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Carnivorous,"This game has alot of potential, I had a great deal of fun with it.I am really looking forward to seeing more updates to it."
76561198075236807,Recommended,264140,11553501,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,astrozombie54,i actualy like this game more then i thought i would the creation tool is fun and the gameplay suprisinfgly deep a 7/10 for me
,Recommended,264140,11555112,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,ZONER,"A game where you get to live out the side scrolling pirate adventures you always wanted to.Hire a crew, stash the larder, and get sailing.Great game, good sense of humour by developers hidden around here and there. Funny animations such as sliced up pixel  body parts and poop splashes.Recommend"
76561198060881914,Recommended,264140,11555127,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,CajunWizard,Pirates and Pixels! What more could you ask for.
76561198062283963,Recommended,264140,11555281,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Straight White Male,the definition of awesome
,Recommended,264140,11555550,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,James Bond,YAY! Pixel Piracy is out of beta! WOOOO! Is there anything new? (I love dis game and i think others would too!)
,Recommended,264140,11555584,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Vo1tTack13,I have to say it dose need some development but It is still a really impressive game. I really can't w8 for it so be finally developed well.
76561198118995009,Recommended,264140,11555863,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,FuzzyGUY,you cant live with out this game
76561198018578688,Recommended,264140,11556051,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,JauntyElf,I think the game is quite fun. You are a pirate! 8/10
76561197974250986,Not Recommended,264140,11556230,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,edub101,"After getting burned by Early Access/Kickstarter, I stopped buying pre-release games, and wait for completed games to be released.  It appears the makers of Pixel Piracy decided to call an alpha of a game a ""1.0"" release.  They sure fooled me (and got my money)!  I hope all the money from these sales goes into actually completing the game.  It isn't even a beta at this point (as of August 4, 2014).  Features are barely there."
,Recommended,264140,11556292,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,JohnnyAppleSeed,This is 1 extremly addicitive and challenging game
,Recommended,264140,11556354,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,s.X. Red9,"It doesn't have the same amount of content as Terraria, but still has enought to keep you trying to loot more parts for a better ship; if you're looking for an adventure game, this one will bore you out of your mind in about 30 mins to an hour, what I like about it was the micro-management of the crew and the ships you can actually craft. Other than that, is still in alpha for the most part, but I still found some amousement to it and I can't quite put my finger on what is it that makes me keep coming back for more."
76561198112491836,Recommended,264140,11556470,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,mugicmas,"It's very addictive and fun game. But it has many bugs.Most of these bugs can disappear when you restare your computer.I think that the bugs comes from Wrong optimization.Any way, the crue behavior has fatal bugs that spoil players time and fun.Most negative opinions come from this point that.The core point is that, even though this game has serios bugs, players can ignore the problem and have fun time."
76561198044332126,Not Recommended,264140,11556911,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Crazyburrito4me,i would not reccomend...i dont know exactly what i dont like about it. Its just not...fun. What annoys me the most is probably how you have to control the stats of each single pirate. its complicated
76561198008593142,Recommended,264140,11557291,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Initiate Delta,Simple and a bit addictive. Can be tedius at first but once you learn the basics and a couple tricks it picks up the pace.A great time killer without having to put a whole lot of effort into it.
,Not Recommended,264140,11557551,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,clap,I really really love this game but right now I kinda don't I hate how the devs kinda rush into releasing this game it might not be their fault about releasing this game too early because they knew their were too many bugs it was probably one of the main bosses or supporters or whatever you call it in this game rushed the release of this game so they can probably get some money  and because of their selfishness this is the result. All buggy and this game is full of negative reviews and feedbacks. This should still be possibly in beta or alpha because this game is nowhere near finished it still has a lot of potential and problems. Anyways thats all I wanna say for now cus Im tired of typing its the middle of the night. :D gg
,Recommended,264140,11555241,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Schmuck Goblin,My gameplay was so fun when my entire crew was killed by an invincible crab. 10/10 Would play again.
76561198021383222,Not Recommended,264140,11522090,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,blackserpent666,"This game looks like an early beta.Controls are counter-intuitive. Graphics are so lacking this isn't even funny. For example, on some islands, instead of having the actual object, you have a hovering plate with yellow text saying ""BANANA TREE"". Seriously? you don't have the asset of a banana tree, so instead you're giving me this placeholder?! Given this carries the same studio that made Terraria, I had high expectations for this game. Turns out it's a dud. I would have looked the other way if it was an early beta.Pros:You do get to build your own ship, which is kind of nice. You do have a fun factor of hoarding items and leveling up."
,Not Recommended,264140,11522351,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,psyq,"Lots of promise, but nowhere near ready for release. Played for hours and ended up loosing my save game to a bug were my Captain falls in the water as soon as I load. Pirates won't cook and starve, boarding crews fail to board, cannons shoot your own ship. Oh man, it's a crazy world.Wait for a few more patches... maybe 30 or 40 of them."
,Recommended,264140,10687584,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,jonessoda023,"This game is great so far, and it has a ton of potential. There are occasional game breaking bugs, but understanding that they are constantly working on making it better helps a lot. If you can get it on sale, definitely buy this game!"
76561198067777069,Recommended,264140,10156775,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,TWOHAMMERS,tiny fun stupid but its a 16 bit game so wahdda ya want
76561198037637920,Recommended,264140,10688337,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,(-TN-) Gantz#11445,Nice little time waster
76561198056996487,Recommended,264140,10688603,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Enigmaticshadow,At first I didn't like the overall look of the game but there's alot of hidden stats and things you can do to make this enjoyable however due to the replay value and that every game is going to be different I will recommend this game.However only purchase this game after reviewing some videos as may not suit your taste.One other thing I will point out that the game slows down considerable when you have alot of crew members and a large ship so may be quite taxing to your machine.
76561198069531925,Recommended,264140,10688716,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Quinnigan,"What an amazing game. You are allowed to charge onto another ship wearing a cat on your head and wielding a combat fishing rod. You can be a good man or a bad one, and you can be silly or serious. A pirate's life is one of many choices, and this game makes those choices evident. One of my favorite games in my steam account. 10/10 (Oh, and it only says that I've played an hour, but I played a good 15 hours offline.)"
76561198014864601,Recommended,264140,10689625,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Joe Boro,Found a crab named Dean on an island and caught it.  The next night Dean demanded 126 gold because he was tired of all the sailing.  After paying Dean he jumped off the boat and died.10/10
,Not Recommended,264140,27447736,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KittyChaos,This game is a poopdeck.
,Not Recommended,264140,27734910,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CaliforniaGrow,"I saw this game a long time ago and didnt buy it before because i had the money, now hat i did i cant say im impressed, the games tutorial has a awful way of explaining things by skipping steps, and the game looks almost blurry, even with the overlays taken off, its weirdly controlled and i dont enjoy it. I would not recomend this game and plan to get a refund"
76561198301845406,Not Recommended,264140,25321515,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,DerpMaster667,do not buy this game i buyed and played it for five minutes then played somthing els the game sucks!
,Not Recommended,264140,25305588,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,BinaryMuppet,"I guess I was in a pirate phase when I bought this. In retrospect, the game is too simple and the depth is equivalent to a puddle vs. an ocean. Kinda embarased I bought this game... Maybe my kid will like this game when they turn 6."
,Recommended,264140,10925153,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mowgli.202,I was killed by someone throwing a turd at me
,Recommended,264140,12183271,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,bluntdrunk,"Okay.  All of these negative reviews seem to come from a lot of people who have no patience.This is Pixel Piracy.  It is not another game, so like cleansing your palate between eating foods, forget other games before playing new ones.That said, this is a fun little side scroller with RPG elements, pirates, ship building, and a lot of YARRRR and YO HO HO.Is it perfect?  That's an opinion.  Is it fun?  Yes.  Does it have some problems?  Yeah.Do they have a million dollar budget and hundreds of employees working overtime to push an HD console port in time for Christmas?  What the ♥♥♥♥ are you smoking?  No.Learn to love games, not hate them.  I'm a gamer, and I love to play Pixel Piracy.Stop ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the review pool."
76561198037961289,Recommended,264140,12183461,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Artisio,everybody poops
,Recommended,264140,12240154,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,CaptainPkmn,"Oh god. I love this game. I started playing it and I can't stop! Yes there a bit of bugs here and there, but the overral game is so entertaining. It might be repetitive, but thats the fun of it when you can build your ship as huge you want and make it fly?! YES! I MADE A FLYING MONKEY! THEN MADE A MILITARY TANK! THEN I MADE A HUGE DESTROYER SHIP!I strongly recommend this game $10... and if it on sale, please get it if you like blowing ships up, raiding towns, poisoning your pirates, crapping on the deck floors, making a death star ship in the air, and having 10+ chickens on your ship- giving you 50+ a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥5 minutes!!!! Remember to turn off the music and turn on your music because it does get repetitive.To users who have this game and don't like it:  First- DO NOT HAVE ANY PIRATES. SELF-BUILD! Do not do any other stats except for STRENGTH. When you have 40+ strength and 20+ range attack, then consider having pirates. Consider having chicken on your ship, but keep them in the LOWER DECK! Do not let them come up. Also, having trouble with keeping your moral up? CLEAN YOUR SHIP! POOP makes it hard to keep your moral up when you have more than 5+ poop. Also check if you have a pirate or yourself have a perk on: 10% more attack , - moral.   This will DEVASTATE YOUR MORAL.  Plant some plants on your ship, and get a cat so that you can not lose too much moral. This way, your moral can last more than 10 minutes without going to a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥town.ENJOY!My ratings: 8.5/10Reasons: Bugs and GlitchesCrap (poop) bug, hate the fact that if your moral hit 0... you lose the game, I hate it when the pirates have cannons and it shoots through the deck, through the wall, through the floors, and into the farm room where my chickens are. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! *Skyrim time: YOU'LL PAY FOR MAH CHICKEN!*"
,Not Recommended,264140,12241246,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,nosirrbro,"At first I had no idea why people where hating this game so much, but then, almost instantly, in a game that ISNT IN EARLY ACCESS, found a major bug that ruined the entire game for me: I cant equip passive items. Seriosly? I would be ok with a few small bugs that are slightly annoying, but something that big, really? At this point, progressing in the game would be a major challenge, and an entire side of gameplay would be gone, along with the fact that my boat will be literally covored in SH*T!So when you are buying this, beware, as this still should be called an early access title, but it isnt."
,Recommended,264140,12242297,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Ca1yps0,Very fun recommended to someone who likes quick and easy to learn games.
,Not Recommended,264140,12242329,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,JaKa,um jogo que consegue perde a graça mto rapido
76561198069617739,Not Recommended,264140,12243886,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Commandor CuntPunt,"Honestly I have barely anytime on this game because after recruiting about 6 pirates i got bored. Its setup to have the same thing everywhere, its not interesting like its previous games terraria and starbound, there are many bugs and there is no base story and nothing to do. Just beat 4 bosses its so godamn boring that i cried knowing i spent $10 on this terriblegame. People get off this page and find a better $10 game example Killing Floor or Garry's Mod something actually bareable"
76561198125178291,Recommended,264140,12208067,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Cpt. Mittens,"This game is brilliant, well worth the money and i love the happy feel good music throughout. Please to anyone that plays this game you MUST 100% remember NEVER EVER exit the game whilst your crew are grappling to land they will all be at davey jones locker soon enough. 2 hours of playing and building and training my crew ruined Noooo.Thank god its such a good game and im happy to start over again woop"
,Recommended,264140,12307549,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Cyan,Amazing pirate experience. The varied oceans and encounters add a tension and fun to every playthrough.
76561198032233114,Recommended,264140,11271308,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DarkO,"I was a little bit leery of it to begin with. But once I started playing (and finally figured how things worked), I have to say the game really surprised me! The mechanics are a little finicky, but once you get used to them, you'll be sailing the seven seas with ease. It's cute, quirky and has a subtle depth to it. It honestly feels (to me at least) like a fully developed game already, and I would definitely recommend this to anyone."
76561198013651420,Recommended,264140,11368873,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,symmetry,"Great Great game. I love it, its quirky and delightful, I can't wait to see the solid and finished product"
76561198068823072,Recommended,264140,11355402,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Papi_Jon,good game but gets tiring because of limited choices and versatility
,Recommended,264140,11550683,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Dag,Great Game 10/10Needs Multiplayer
,Not Recommended,264140,11550910,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,ASS BUTTS,"Game is really hard, crew members easily get ticked off. In my opinion a waste of 15 or even 5 bucks"
76561198057430621,Not Recommended,264140,11551262,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,SCR0N0,Not good... not good at all. wait please...
76561198094547374,Recommended,264140,11551684,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Big Papa John,the game was very funny and i was 1 hour long on the pc just to play that i think that game is very good but sometimes it crashed but it doesnt matter at least i had fun!!
,Recommended,264140,11552177,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Xylander,"This is a very well done and very fun game.  I am an old school hardmode style of gamer (in my late 30s).  This game has some familiar elements I like... but it is a more casual roguelike experience.  I only wish it had a ""hard"" mode where death was permanent and saves were periodical... like with a 30 minute auto save feature rather than a save every level.The game has a few bugs with pathing that still need to be ironed out but overall, the game is as good as any game you're going to get from anywhere this early in its public launch.  For example, in an hour's worth of gameplay, I get 0 crashes, about 55 minutes of play time and about 5 minutes of clicking around on stuck crewmembers to get them free from one object or another (mostly in boarding when I destroy half of their ship with my impressive array of pixel barfing cannons).  Everything else works fine."
76561198091393770,Not Recommended,264140,11552230,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Orange,This game sucks. The only good thing is that I got it on sale
,Not Recommended,264140,11552990,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Ozavic,"This game can be quite a lot of fun, but is ruined by dodgy controls and the worst AI i've ever seen. The pirates have, on many occations; decided to sharpen their fishing rods while the entire crew is starving, attack netural entities in combat and add them to an already risky fight, and simply refuse to bored a ship when their captain is on there getting his♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to him.I want to see this game do well, it has a unique and interesting heart. But it needs to be tightened up and given a brain."
,Recommended,264140,11553026,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Old shoes,i'll give -25% to one of my friends!
76561198032167180,Recommended,264140,11553246,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,anthonyyoung,Great fun to play
76561198067559488,Not Recommended,264140,19926135,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Xelarender,"This game had so much potential. So, so, so much. I really looked forward to it. I played it well over a year ago, and had fun. I stuck through the punishment of having to save the game every 3 minutes or else you run the risk of the game crashing and you losing your progress. Great game. Tons of bugs. So my internet is down for a day, so I decide to give this game a try again, over a year later, hoping that they have made some sort of effort to fix the completely broken state that the game was in. Unfortunately I cannot say that they made any steps in the right direction. They made a tutorial, cool. They added in the title screen an objective, about killing the 4 baddest pirates in order to become the ultimate pirate, cool. These were the only things I was able to see, due to the fact that its still entirely broken. I started the first game, and as soon as I finished charater creation. I started the game, got a black screen. Then heard the screaming as my pirates died for an unknown reason, off screen. GAME OVER. Cool. I try again, only to be rewarded 5 minutes later with my captain being launched into the air off my ship, for no reason and drowning. GAME OVER. Well played Pixel Piracy. Well played. 10/10 Please don't waste your time. You would be better off having your dog code a game."
,Recommended,264140,20050578,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kanukki,"Had tried this on a demo basis from the dev's website about a year ago, and while I liked the concept, the game was confusing, buggy, and un-fun. It's seems to have been re-launched now with some help from the Terraria developer, and is MUCH improved. Still some room for growth, but defnitely a step in the right direction.  Def worth a shot on sale for a couple bucks!"
,Recommended,264140,20283288,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gonron,"Ok I bought this game during the winter sale for 1.49. Didn't expect a lot out of it, started it up and ended up playing all day. Even gifted a copy to a friend."
76561198151503929,Recommended,264140,20283440,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,GentleHawk34,Charming game that I love to spend time just relaxing and playing.Pros:offline gamegreat soundtrack (I love it!)can drop kick poopcustomizable ship and crewcons:a bit repetitivebad menuoverall I think its a good game to spend time when wifi is down etc. or when just want to play something playful and fun. Would recommend this game to just about anyone.
,Not Recommended,264140,20281581,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Buddho,lol very repetative and gets pretty lame
76561198055319195,Not Recommended,264140,19752239,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Rajang,Hey this is a great gamei hope they fix the bugs soon-a YEAR agoits filled with bugs its boring fast and gets laggy fastits just not fun
76561198220791780,Not Recommended,264140,19767128,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,rainbowthefox,"As said, the main problem with the game is the controls. It's frustrating to figure it out on your own, and the gameplay makes me a bit nausceous. There isn't a lot of creativity with the art in this, and I spent about 10 minutes trying to figure out how I can move from where I started. It's really aggravating."
76561198048119049,Recommended,264140,20101767,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SleepySkull,My crew keeps defecating everywhere.
76561198169921151,Recommended,264140,20166733,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Bizon Platoon Leader,"The game is very good, but if your like me, it can be boring sometimes, but it might not be boring at all for some people."
,Recommended,264140,20181369,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Kubmap,"It's fun for few hours, but it gets repetitive pretty quickly, worth buying during sale."
76561198028935544,Recommended,264140,20198522,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ssjames24,This is a perfect game to dork around on.
76561198048436893,Not Recommended,264140,20198689,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Marinus,No. This game is boring. I don't understand it and It feels like you have control like crap. You just give orders and it sucks... Talking about crap....Birds poop on your ship and I did not find out after 40 minuts how to remove it.....so instead of removing the bird crap I removed the crap (pixel piracy) from my pc
76561198066513358,Recommended,264140,23478752,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Not Fed? Play Safe,top kek
,Recommended,264140,24412285,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,CaptainKlayHenry,"Sweet Game, there's some bugs and stuff but a quick reload can fix it. Hope you have as much fun as I did. It would be sweat if they some how added multi player, weather it be co-op, MMO, or PvP, I understand that it might ruin the gameplay but it's just an idea."
76561198041329187,Recommended,264140,16462217,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,wyvern365,Great game. A cross between a traditional rouge like and a grind. Cute game with some depth that will not try to instantly kill you on the lowest dificulty. Replayable and enjoyable
,Recommended,264140,23489907,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,NATEDOGGY200,i will behonset with you this game has amazing potentioal and i feel like it should still be an early acsse game
,Not Recommended,264140,23525340,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Empire Wolf Of Sirens & Psychos,"I wouldn't buy this game, its more a game thats causes so much stress rather then you enjoying the game. Your always struggling to get money and once you get money its all wasted on your crew. You basically have no time for improvment. I wish they fixed this game because it gets really laggy and I hate myself for buying this game cause it feels like the creaters just left the game to die."
76561198061207244,Recommended,264140,23325341,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,eli,amazing but sometimes glitchs out but not too much but extremely fun if ur into pirates kinda difficult though but if ur too bad dont worry we have cheats
,Recommended,264140,23381007,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,μ-4,Combat is a bit confusing at first. Especially melee. Still like it though
,Recommended,264140,23371678,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,saltmummy626,"I had an old review, but it was outdated. Played a bit of pixel piracy recently and decided to rewrite the review.I got pixel piracy back when it came out in early access. Since then it has gone through a lot of changes, bug fixing, and balancing. After it's final release a year or so ago, the developer did a last few large updates and tied everything together nicely.In pixel piracy, you take the role of a pirate captain, build a small ship, and sail around beating the hell out of other pirates/fishermen/soldiers/aboriginees/hobos/misc wildlife. You hire on sailors at bars to help you beat the hell out of the mentioned list of guys. These sailors need to be paid or given alcahol to keep them happy, and fed to keep them alive. They also have certain traits that will effect how they fight or interact with one another. For example, a pirate with the ""bully"" trait will often attack you or one of the other pirates randomly while pirates with the ""fat"" trait move slower and eat more. Each of these pirates can be micromanaged to a degree. You have no direct control of them, but you can choose which equipment they use, as long as you have the equipment to give them, and choose how to build their stats as they level up. More over, you can buy skill books to teach your pirates (and yourself) vital skills such as cleaning which removes the feces which serves as the glue that holds your ship together, or throw out empty rum bottles or Cooking, which allows you or a pirate to prepare fish/meat so that it can be eaten/won't rot.The game has an objective and that is to defeat the four legendary pirates who hold dominion over the four corners of pixel piracy's map. If you just want a decent pirate game, Pixel piracy is a good choice.Note: apparently people have forgotten that when a game is finished, which pixel piracy is, that means development ends. You'll see a lot in recent reviews and posts in the community hub about the game being ""abandoned."" If pixel piracy is ""abandoned,"" then I guess other finished games such as STALKER, The Sims, Call of Duty, Dragons Dogma, Dark Souls, Skyrim, Fallout 3, etc. etc. etc. must all be abandoned too right? Just because some indie developers decide to keep adding more content after a games final release, doesn't mean that a game is abandond when one of those indie devs decides not to do the same thing."
76561198117024637,Recommended,264140,10777559,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jessesmith9295,"Ruined it with the new update. Will not play till the next.At first, i figured ""Hey, maybe this game will be okay."" And sure, at first I loved the game and most of its mechanics. Boy did that change fast.In the latest build, you start out with little to no money to get started. Hunger and Crew happiness play a big role in the game, so after you hire a crew member(Usually 75% of your money, who start out with random traits), who is a lazy alcoholic who can't read, meaning you cannot teach them skills, you're usually too broke to atleast buy them a decent weapon.And don't get me started on the poop. At first, it was whatever, poop. No big deal.Then after about 5 minutes of continuous fart noises, and a massive amound of crap covering your ship, it gets really old. Sure you can train crew members to kick or throw it overboard, but even then you still have the game annoying fart noise rattling your brain evert 5 seconds.And the Sound FX? Garbage. Alot of the voices are autotuned to be really high and fast, or really low and weird. Not to mension the continuous repetetion of the same 3 words every second or every time you click on something.And, finally, the garbage A.I.Clicking on an enemy makes your crew spaz out and split during combat. That is, if you can even get them to leave the deck of your ship to engage combat, sometimes really leaving you to just die.All and all, fun for the first 10-15 minutes (until the recent update on 6/24/2014), but it gets really old really fast.4/10 Could really use improvement on Sound FX and bug extermination.UPDATE Jan 28, 2016Since last play, vastly improved. nice!Hope to see more."
,Recommended,264140,20679552,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Vladimir,good but theres a bug where it always says unsuitable
,Recommended,264140,20197269,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,George,"It reminds me of anime called One Piece.8/10 , my oppinion.It's very fun, but the fps drop is very annoying and i hope the developers will fix that, and then i'll  give 10/10"
76561198068707645,Not Recommended,264140,20878791,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ing2132,some of the worst sound ever heard in a game. UI is incomprehensible and it generally is an utter mess
76561198087017315,Recommended,264140,13254657,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Rotath,"I've tried playing this game several times and nothing makes sense. I only bought it because I had a coupon, and I regret it.EDIT: Learned how to play, actually a lot of fun. Just takes some getting into."
76561197970629572,Recommended,264140,20774063,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ムカつく,"Whilst this took me a little time to get into, once I learnt exactly how things work in this game I was hooked. It's fun and I find many new things each time I play, especially once I started treasure hunting.It works in a semi-turn based fashion in that you click on the world map to move to a different zone (pirate, island, town) and once that zone is cleared, nothing will happen until you click on another map square. When travelling between squares, there is a chance of a pirate attack - the further you travel, the higher the chance.I would love to see crafting added to the game as all there is at the moment is selling loot and buying items, weapons, food. You can find quests to seek out pirates with bounties on them, treasure hunt, go to islands and kill all the people and animals on them as well as visit towns to buy, sell and recruit new people."
76561198117966905,Recommended,264140,20632251,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Hyan Norse,Great Game Very fun
76561198097755907,Recommended,264140,20667845,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Dr Ethan,Most of the negetive reviews are about memory leaks and crashes. Although i have not played very long i have experienced none of these problems. I did experience these in the begining early acsess (ik i spelled it wrong just too lazy to fix it). But now after i turned the settings down it runs pretty good.
76561198061814946,Recommended,264140,20727508,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Kim Jong-un,whole world is mine 10/10 IGN
76561198115144530,Recommended,264140,20644394,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Conqueror,"- Build a ship.- Hire pirates (you can name them anything you want)- Capture animals (yes, you can name it too)- Loot other ships, visit islands and sell the loot to a shop on an island to build bigger ship and hire more crew.Fun.Needs more improvement on:- user interface,- items (i.e: chest item is bugged)- and more in-game tips/tutorial.Basically, this game needs to be finished. It has a lot of potential and is very fun to play."
76561198167851589,Recommended,264140,20713841,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,AssassinGam3r,Great game with lots of fun features! Fun to play even months after purchase!
,Recommended,264140,11495690,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,SustinJoares,Bad..♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,264140,11496419,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Hekinsieden,AHOY!THE BLACK SPOT!SEND EM TO DAVY JONES LOCKER!!!!
,Recommended,264140,11496479,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,(WCC) The Cynical Dutchmen,"Very enjoyable, quite difficult but overall a very nice game to play!"
,Recommended,264140,11496611,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Fissur,Fun little game that is an easy pick up and play.
,Recommended,264140,11496919,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,supreme leader taras,this is a gr8 game
76561198085688988,Recommended,264140,11496923,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Black_fangxi,I had got this game in April on a whim after i had gotten a 25% off coupon for it. One of if not the best 11ish dollars i've ever spent.
76561197970972661,Recommended,264140,11497144,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Baron Munchausen,could use a little more cowbell.....
,Recommended,264140,11497448,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,๑ﭥ.Lemur3600,Awesome game but definitely not for thos who hat challenges! Love the sayings by the pirates and pretty much EVERYTHING IS AWESOME! Haven't played full release as it came out today (as this is being written today maybe not your today lol)
,Not Recommended,264140,21378158,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Green Knight Gork,Played the tutorial. Started off with one crew member first island I go to he rebels and kills my captain. This may be the most realistic representation of how well I would do as a pirate captain.
76561198114007957,Recommended,264140,21173628,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,[ZPD] Doge Wilde,I accidentally pick up one of my crew member and throw him to the seai just watch how he was drowning and then he die in front of my eyes
76561198144377807,Recommended,264140,21174496,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Plantszaza,"Hey! That poo is stuck inside the ship and my crew are too stupid to clean that.I guess I'll dock the ship and remove the..""YOU CAN'T REMOVE OR PLACE BLOCK NEAR POOP YOU STUPID!)Best.. game.. ever."
76561198032190926,Not Recommended,264140,22502614,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,r@BiD-@nT,"Horrific Mess of a game.I'm truly suprised this has gotten ""mostly positive"", I'm 100% positive this game is absolute gutter trash.It's. Not. Finished.Could've been great, but devs decited to drop it like a hot bucket of♥♥♥♥♥♥Oh they tell you they've got someone on the job doing ""bugfixing"", but what is the point of bugfixing a game with no content?Encounters, the same. Islands, the Same. Crew, incredibly dumb and repetitive. User Interface, inexplicably obtuse.Crap crap crap crap crap."
,Recommended,264140,22504557,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Anticept,"Fun game. Few small balance and pathfinding issues, but they are getting fleshed out!"
,Not Recommended,264140,22432505,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Robo7988143,"When I bought this game at first, and while it was downloading. I was thinking ""Oh this is a good game that is so fun and im so excited"". Well, after finish downloading. I immedaitly got dissapointed. At first, my computer is a gaming computer but for some reason. The game menu was lagging alot. I was checking everything, I checked settings. I checked my computer. I just think that the game's main problem is lag. At first, the game lags alot. Then when I get in the game, I start with my captain and a second crew. Now to be honest, for starters. It is so difficult to learn how the game works and what it haves to offer. Later, after learning. I decided to recruit some pirates and take on on an adventure. But for some reason. I encounter a OP enemy when going to an undiscovered (Bad Data) area. I tried ecsaping, no success. After a while, building my own ship. The AI is so terrible. Most likely the worst AI in any game. They couldn't even get out of my ship and they just get stuck there. And once getting stucked. I failed and died immedaitly. Since the Smart AI Enemy got in and killed all of my pirates and my commander. The only two problems is Lag and the AI. Developers, please fix this. This could be a great game but those problems are critical and should be fixed immedaitly."
,Not Recommended,264140,11497856,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,OneMoistPapaya,"This game is a waste of money. Yes i am a FPS player. But this game is extremely hard, even on the easiest settings. this game is in early developement ( Even though it just got out of Early Access) i didnt like it, very bummed that my money was wasted."
,Recommended,264140,13758072,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,PokePixel,ok i guess?
76561198118945498,Not Recommended,264140,25354033,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,HardBoiledEggs,the game is completly buggy the epic bleeding feture is utter bullcrap i got epic bleeding and you have to get a lvl three bandaid fo it I DIDINT EVEN HAVE A BAINDAID its way too hard and verry frustrating the whole game was abondend SO MANY COMPlANTS BUT do not buy this game dont waste your money its not worth it just go play some shell shock or som'in BUT WHAT EVER YOU DO dont buy it its so overpriced i had to get new glasses because the game was so blurry it ruined my prescription DONT BUY
,Recommended,264140,25349938,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Death Reticle,"I love this game, I didn't like to at first because I was overwelmed but after a while I came back to it and, DAMN is it ADDICTING. I highly recomend this game, just dont give up on it. You need to learn the game before you judge it."
76561198263093629,Not Recommended,264140,25337487,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ericwalks,"Totally awful. It wont even play, the game is just stuck aftering choosing a past."
,Not Recommended,264140,16563615,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,DarthRubick,Bad game.
,Recommended,264140,25357348,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Probably Rob,"Uh, hi, I'm tired, and just want the level 3 badge. I also like pirates."
,Not Recommended,264140,21073926,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,LordChuckles,"This is the first game I've bought off steam that has made me ask the question:""Why did I buy this stupid game.""Don't buy this thing. It could be a great game in theory but is horribly executed with poor memory management, terrible voice acting and repetitive mechanics."
76561198119334935,Not Recommended,264140,25173113,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Space Jesus,"I want to enjoy this game. I truly do. I've spent a lot of time playing around with a few captains, even had a crew set to that of the Mass Effect group. (I got lucky with a few picks of crew mates and my starting captain it was a blast.) But I can not say that you should go out and buy this game.What's to say about it? It's a cute idea of 2D art with a hint of side scrolling and it's cool to create your own ship and set up your own crew. But when you get down to the meat and bones of the game you start seeing issues.Right off the bat, though not game play related the visiual is blinding like that of a thousand suns placed into one room. You need to tweak around the option menu to reduce the bloom as low as it can go, which in reality it makes no sense to have bloom at the highest setting to begin with. I just suggest messing around with the visiual option until you get it to where you can see things. The controls do take some getting use to. It kinda of feels like it's trying to be an RTS game when in reality it isn't, when you have to make sure everyone is in your little group or else one or two will be hanging back in the ship while the rest of you are attacking.It's a tad annoying to have to go into the menu and hope you hit the right number that somehow picks all your crew so that you have no one left behind. I'm not sure if you have to do it all the time but with some of my play throughs anytime I got a new member I had to go into the menu hope I hit the right number and see if all my crew follows.The directions aren't that clear either in how to do this. So there is a lot of trial and error. Next is the story, or lack there of. You're a captain who wants to prove that you're the best captain in the sea. And in order to do that you need to take down four other captains. Sounds a little boring huh? Well it is. Because once you see how tiny the map really is and the fights are easy with a fully upgraded ship, which should take you just a few hours at most to get a really good ship and steam roll past anything. You start to get bored with it.Sail off.Get into a fight.Win said fight.Go to an island with a tavern in it.Hire more crew mates/buy better gear.Repeat.I know I'm being hard on this game but there is so much that could be done to make it better. Sadly though it seems the dev has left this game behind to collect dust. I just hope that in the future the dev learns from their mistakes from this game and can make a better one. There are other pirate games out there that deserve your attention. Pixel Piracy is not one of them."
,Recommended,264140,20930211,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Yanick,"Good, fun and balanced.Back when I bought the game a few years ago it was unbalanced, boring and looked awefull. It makes me happy that I didnt buy this game for nothing since that it has become a great and enjoyable game."
,Recommended,264140,16513391,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,KΛŁΛÐIΝ,Is FUN!!! XD
76561198149339722,Recommended,264140,23385446,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Catspider,"you see you have to be a pixel pirate.pixel pirates are cool, i guess."
76561198062120287,Recommended,264140,24987170,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,R0u63_H0und,"GREAT GAME i love it! but theres a bug ive ran into alot recently, when your captain or a pirate gets off the ship they have a chance to freeze and i have to restart the game to fix it. if this is fixed ill give a 10/10 but now its a 9"
,Recommended,264140,9706216,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,snellejelle99,amazing gamepirates ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ everywhere on your ship and when you teach one to clean the ship he will become so addicted to cleaning that he won't even eat.it needs some balancing and bug fixes but still a good game.
76561198035859811,Not Recommended,264140,24860269,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,MoistGrandma,Abandoned. Not worth it.
,Not Recommended,264140,24844817,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,xchaosxflamebossx,"Game is pretty fun. There hasn't been an update for 3 months, and from what I can gather, the original team quit a long time ago and hired new people to do it. Development has been droppped. I play it every now and then, but not that often. Kind of a waste of money now."
,Not Recommended,264140,24892211,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,TheFireNinja360,"The game was abandoned, it actually is not a bad game where it is, it just lags to hell when you get bigger ships and more objectives would be nice. Where it is though, I can't recommend it because it is still broken."
76561198129170586,Not Recommended,264140,24898653,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,007darth,"Not really worth getting, repetetive and boring."
76561198168196711,Recommended,264140,19889201,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,a real snow mexican,at first it didint work but i fixed it it is a very fun game
76561198061907957,Recommended,264140,15595408,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,⎛⎝Amako⎠⎞,dont buy itload/save dont workEDIT: This game dont work well with windows 8 but with lower shoud be good
,Recommended,264140,20153033,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,alexbali25,Very Cool!Suggestion: Make a Sandbox mode? :3
,Recommended,264140,20136482,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kronk,"A really fun pirate game that is centralized around gathering a hearty crew and building your vessel. The game itself gets somewhat repetitive around the end but really is enjoyable for someone who likes pirate games and customization. One fun feature is that you can rename any of your crew mates or yourself to whatever funny names you'd like. A small thing that is also really neat is if your captain dies the game isn't over, The most worthy crew member steps up to lead."
76561198084545616,Recommended,264140,17023527,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Dank Muffin,"Saw This game Late at night and said ""♥♥♥♥ it lets be a pirate"" Had a good 70 hours of fun for a 10$ game* A Few updates later and Alex polsky adding me on steam (Yay)*""Hey man love the game do you got a site for me to give feedback?""""Yea (Link) Glad to hear it!!""""Alright chill keep up the great work man!""""Ill try Thanks Again!!""Seems like a cool Guy. I give my feedback and see the game change alot in the next update.""Hey man Love the new update! Hope its going well for your Dev Team!""(Banter about buying one of them a piano and coffe)""You seem like a real devoted player have this!""*Gives me a.....Well I cant say but it was a game ;) (spoilers)*""Wow man thanks! ill give hella feedback on this!""""Sounds great cant wait to hear it""Freaking Sweet got a new game to play!*Alex's Health drops and things slow down**reads all the negative reviews about the game**Becomes Saddend About the people**Say ♥♥♥♥ em and go back to being a pirate for 10 more hours**Realize i cant make a carrer out of being a pirate and go back to school*Rum/10 would talk to dev and befriend him again!(Really tho Buy this game)"
76561198137893301,Not Recommended,264140,20139006,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,FX Gigaton,do not buy this game it does not make any sense at all and the controls are complicated when trying to remove all blocks from my ship it says to remove all crew members I did that I tried it again and it said the same thing this game is worthless and has many bugs do not waste your time on it
76561198154403912,Recommended,264140,20121258,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,UnusualTaco,This game is a wonderful and adventureous filled game with lots of things to do. I persinally think this game is great and should be a top game but starting the game is hard because they never really tell you how to control it but other than that this is a great game and just buy it!
76561198050777104,Not Recommended,264140,20145472,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Goat The Pirate,"Bought because it had CO-OP tag, no CO-OP in it, also I did same thing in the every over and over and over and over again."
76561198055998455,Recommended,264140,20095698,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MrBlueBoogers,Extremely Addictive! Gameplay has improved so much since updates!
76561198085399674,Recommended,264140,20115160,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,kivikala,You can clearly see all the effort put into this game.Urns bleed when they are shattered.10/10
,Recommended,264140,20122589,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Wildow the Walrus,You can find Pandas.10/10 would Panda again.
76561198260143562,Recommended,264140,20161696,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,jamesgonzalez415,"hey devs i really enjoy this game, its very expansive and immersive(i couldnt expect less from the creators of terraria, also an awesome game) but my save files keep getting corrupted and i have to replay my 4 hrs of playing, so could u guys plz fix that problem, i hope i wasnt a waste of ur time and i wish u guys keep succeding on ur careers ;)"
76561198087792329,Recommended,264140,20176170,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ScentlessZeus,"Great addictive little game, love it!"
,Recommended,264140,20038229,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Puinguin,"Hard to get into due to lack of explinations durring tutorial, was alot I had to search up, like how to clean poop of a damn ship, but once i understood it it became quite fun and well worth the money, alot to understand but fun to play in the end, so go ahead and buy this if you have some free time.P.S. play with the pirates of the Carrabean theme in the backround, makes it so much bettur"
,Recommended,264140,20030648,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TheClawsHD,This game is a great game for those who like pixel and pirate games. It's a little hard getting the hang of it in the beginning but once you do its alot easier. Otherwise i would rate it 8/10
,Not Recommended,264140,20105410,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Smol Pug,After playing for a couple hours you realise youve just been doing the same old thing every 5 seconds. The gameplay is too repetitive and it hasnt been updated in 2 years now.
76561198159343533,Not Recommended,264140,20099839,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,skinny banana,"The games seems fun. And has a good concept, but the controls are terrible. It hurts my eyes looking at the screen. IDK why but it does. This game is in early access though and Terreria was a great game. So i have high hopes. In overal, the game is bad now but will hopefully get better in the future. So you might want to wait."
76561198103202868,Recommended,264140,20100636,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,KillerRapj,has major glitches causing your characters to die without anyway of stoping it (rare clitch).But the game is realy fun i cant stop playing it! It's fairly funny too.
76561198269187025,Recommended,264140,20057496,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,jaguar meowsworth,"I love this game, it can be tedious at times, and extremely annoying @ the begining, but I love it none the less"
,Recommended,264140,17786168,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Kou,"Pirates, ship-building, roleplaying, team-building, mischief, explosions, and a whole lot of pooping.  This is a great game to play if you want to do something casual for a change.  I recommend playing on the hard difficulty, otherwise it becomes a one-click adventure."
76561198054601555,Recommended,264140,17473332,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,HEXAflange,"It's figuring out how to play that's the difficult bit, but once you get it down, it's pretty fun."
,Not Recommended,264140,16983366,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Red's Not Dead,"Played this game for 16 minutes, realized you cannot even feed your crew.This game is incomplete.It was cool when they had the developer console and such, you could actually keep your crew from dying.The combat system is very terrible, and a lot of things could be improved.This game IS NOT worth your TIME OR MONEY. This game needs a lot of work, and the developers barely respond to emails."
,Recommended,264140,16996819,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,🎃Spooky Scary Chan🎃,"̿ ̿ ̿ ̿ ̿'̿'\̵͇̿̿\з=( ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°)=ε/̵͇̿̿/'̿̿ ̿ ̿ ̿ ̿ ̿ GIMME ALL OF YOUR DONGERS, OR ELSE ̿̿ ̿ ̿ ̿ ̿ ̿ ̿'̿'\̵͇̿̿\з=( ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°)=ε/̵͇̿̿/'̿̿ ̿ ̿ ̿ ̿ ̿  WE BE THE LENNY PIRATES"
,Recommended,264140,16866094,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,BSBrent,pretty good
76561198065085065,Not Recommended,264140,17420333,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,davidhill497,"Game had so much potential. Brilliant name, great retro graphics but♥♥♥♥♥♥poor game play."
,Recommended,264140,16511646,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hiro Genjiro,The life of PI !!!! (Pirate)
,Recommended,264140,16514928,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Tsunami The Legend,"amazing game, real time killer, keeps me enterntained for a long while when i get bored!"
76561198049647163,Recommended,264140,16517430,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,-=Down_Town=-,Very easy to get lost into. I absolutly love as a simulation fan and as a pirate me self. Yarr!
76561197990168063,Recommended,264140,16481785,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,"Samuel ""Boot Less"" Colt",Great game but after awhile you gain a lot of money and you can easily overpower other ships. By the time i got to my first legendary pirate the fight was pretty easy.
,Recommended,264140,16506003,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Atisheh,There are so many things you have to take care of. I level up and then a mess happens and I die or my whole ship is full of poo or I can't see my pirates because I have way to many chicken. It's hilarious! I would have never thought it's so much fun.
76561198053671615,Recommended,264140,10574597,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ThatGuy,One of the very few games that I know of that can push a GTX 680 card to %100 usage. 11/10
76561198110387291,Recommended,264140,15514108,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,interpol9932,"The most recent update of Pixel Piracy has brought in a new life to the game.  Since its early release roughly a year ago, it has undergone steady updates, changing elements of the game, for better, or for worse.  Its most recent, and not to mention radical has addressed almost every issue with the game.  From the sometimes clunky and brain dead crew of yours, the unbearable limbo of autosaving JUST as you fell off your boat.  Creating an endless loop of your pirate falling again and again into the ocean.  I love this game, and the creators, they truly buckled down, pumped out the content, and giving you that warm fuzzy feeling you get knowing that the team at Quadro Delta are following a model of customer service you cant help but admire. Keep up the good work guys!"
76561198105365381,Recommended,264140,14873642,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Nilloc,"To be honest when I bought the game in early access it wasn't too good. BUT when I waited about a year or so I actually like it, I have a lot of hours on it and I would reccomend this game to ANYONE. So if you would like to see a very fun and also funny game then buy this, just do it, you wont regret it."
76561198002093039,Not Recommended,264140,15038209,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Billedale,"I thought this would be as engaging as FTL was, but this has nothing to do with it. It's an unfinished game that has very little hope of ever being truly finished despite the fact that it's no longer in pre-release. The one good side I guess is that it finally showed me that supporting pre-releases is a bad idea..."
76561197986797732,Not Recommended,264140,14856008,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,JDevil Dog,I've played this a few times waited for some patches but nothing much changed the game is nothing like Terraria.. that game actually played really good this game is just rubbish.
76561198054006879,Not Recommended,264140,14858624,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,pa267,This was a very bad game!!!! i waisted my money on this and i even used a coupon i got!!! everything about this game gets super repetative and quick!!!!!! i hate it!!!!!!!!!!
76561197995117565,Not Recommended,264140,14859987,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Akraw,I have found this game to be exceptionally unfun.  Avoid unless you can get it for under a buck or something.
,Not Recommended,264140,13714825,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Quinno,"This game could have been good but instead its unfinished, boring and could have been so much more"
76561198092816094,Recommended,264140,14909979,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,BAD JUDGMENT,"Do what you want cause a pirate is free, YOU ARE A PIRATE! ARGH!but in all seriousness i raided like 100 ships today and it was amazing."
76561198028890136,Recommended,264140,11975262,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Kevin Rudd,Brilliant game :D cant wait to get back into it since the updates
,Not Recommended,264140,9625117,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Tyquanda,"Kay, after buying it around a year ago - and it still being a steaming pile of hummus, I figured I'd leave a short review of what annoys me.The fackockta captain gets stuck. Won't go a certain direction no matter how much I click. The worst part is he keeps saying, ""oh yeah?"" in the most annoying goshdarn tone in the world when I'm trying to make the motherfluffer move.The game programmers are really bad at what they do - and mock me for it when I try to play their game, with ""oh yeah?""That is all."
,Not Recommended,264140,14775983,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,thekemkid,"A good game, in the early stages. The gameplay is entertaining but then it suddenly switches to a complete grind. The game is horribly optimised as well, as I would see frequent framerate drops during gameplay.This game could have been awesome, if more work was put into it, as another reviewer has said, its unpolished and unfinished, and for this reason I cannot reccommend it."
,Not Recommended,264140,17505459,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,HIAS! CSOFFER.ME CSGOBlocks.Com,ok here it is my full view of the gameprosnot much it gets realy repetative i had an army of 14 cooleasy to playenemys are somtimes goodconstons of bugs i just took 2 screen shots of some1 bug all your guys commet suicide and starve2 i found out how they made edge of space look at my screen shot3 your men dont work you get so much poop build up and most of my guys almost died because my cooks didnt cook4. if they are done updating it im done with this game wast of money i got it cheap but come the hell on it not good ♥♥♥♥ sake you have the whole game still in alpha and you released itok so the only bad things are bugs so what all games have those just get the game buy it
76561198033946974,Not Recommended,264140,17657296,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Phee Phee - The Potato Of Doom,abandonded by devs AVOID
,Not Recommended,264140,17656271,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Skaboyo,*boots game**Pixel Piracy is not responding**boots game**Pixel Piracy is not responding**boots game**Pixel Piracy is not responding**boots game**Pixel Piracy is not responding**boots game**It works*3 minutes later*Pixel Piracy is not responding*
76561197986186175,Not Recommended,264140,29239542,Posted: 13 January,all,Flavius,Yet another early-access cash grab that wound up unfinished and abandoned.
76561198059013593,Not Recommended,264140,28645146,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jambers,"A buggy, incomplete game that has been abandoned by its Devs."
76561198035448788,Recommended,264140,28580007,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Xavier Grieves,"Yar-har fiddle dee dee, being a pirate is alright with me!Do what you want 'cause a pirate is free, you are a pirate!Re-Logic is great at making games, so glad I picked this up."
,Recommended,264140,26586321,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[Uni] E D G Y 🌟,-got cleaning book-assigned it to captain♥♥♥♥♥♥all over my boat-tries to figure out how to clean-asks friend-captain can't clean♥♥♥♥♥♥-people die from too much smell10/10 would clean again
76561198037792793,Recommended,264140,28613928,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LATuxedo,"It's rough around the edges, but once you get a feel for the gameplay loop, you can tear through the seas, mowing down anyone in your path, and building up your ship with parts you take from theirs. It's a good feeling if that's what you're into."
76561198004782951,Not Recommended,264140,28606316,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Woot [PoE],"Fun for a few hours.  But buggy, and the devs have ghosted us."
,Not Recommended,264140,28653459,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Scetra,"Fun at first. After awhile, looting islands and attacking pirates becomes monotonous, as the game isn't that diverse.Hasn't received any updates in awhile too."
,Recommended,264140,28724243,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Anime is for faggots,Fun game to be honest.
76561198060502162,Not Recommended,264140,21919242,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Virtus,This game has much potential. I've had some grea fun with this game but when I play for a few hours the game just feels empty sometimes.
,Recommended,264140,29066386,Posted: 6 January,all,BunnyboyCarrot,"This game is enjoyable, even with tiny bugs.Positives:-Nice graphics-good gameplay-optimal character customization-captures the pirate style-you can build your own ship-YOU CAN BLOW YOUR ENEMIES TO PIECESNegatives:-some bugs, but not gamebreaking-you can't save everywhere-no post-game actvitiesAll in all, a good game, but could use some polishing up.7/10"
,Recommended,264140,9510653,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,peepo,"There are bugs but if this game is still being worked on then I'd say buy it. It's very fun to mess around with, runs fairly well, but might be a tad expensive.Bugs I have noticed-Pirates dying from scurvy won't eat some timesCaptain sometimes gets off the boat and doesn't movePirates forget how to grapple onto the ship and fall into the water and die."
,Recommended,264140,10325802,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,MrCombatGiraffe,"awesome game. has tons of potential. and even at alpha it has tons of stuff to do. i just wish it could have multiplayer, let a friend join you and be like a 2nd captain on your boat. that would be awesome. im waiting for mobile version cus it would be amazing on tablet.edit - recently played the game and it's still good. pick it up whenever it goes on sale if you get the chance."
,Recommended,264140,12178239,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Silly Billy,good game
76561198090539460,Not Recommended,264140,13475301,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Brooksie,"DO NOT BUY. Game is broken, abandoned, and littered with glitches."
76561197984383340,Not Recommended,264140,15604183,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lifire,"This game has been left to die halfway through development, if you haven't had the time to buy it yet, don't waste your money."
76561198109413138,Recommended,264140,28931462,Posted: 1 January,all,Avuky,It has great music and a lot of fun mechanics which give this a lot of replay value.However it's ridden with bugs and poorly unoptimized.If you can somehow look past that it has a lot of potential but the devs are done with it which is a shame.I really want to recommend this because I had fun with it but some bugs are game breaking. Try to obtain it on sale but not at full price.
,Recommended,264140,28936014,Posted: 2 January,all,Psyche,Sometime I forgot which way I sail.Enjoy the game so far.
,Recommended,264140,29098385,Posted: 7 January,all,Rasin Bron,"""Who are you?""YOU WANT TO KNOW WHO I AM?""""OH NO""""I'M A PIRATE""NOOOOOOO!""YAR HAR FIDDILY DEE BEING A PIR-"
76561198111054759,Not Recommended,264140,28930270,Posted: 1 January,all,Jiffypop,"Was good in the old days, now♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198017707042,Not Recommended,264140,28933672,Posted: 2 January,all,Devileo,Lots of bugs which stop you from playing.
76561198042301281,Not Recommended,264140,28993875,Posted: 3 January,all,✠ Captain Comrade,Hardly worth it before it was abandoned.
76561198048227370,Recommended,264140,29146836,Posted: 9 January,all,Sigourney Weiner,"I'm bad at it, but it's fun"
76561198064765117,Recommended,264140,29249567,Posted: 14 January,all,MyrLune,"A casual time killer to do a playthrough once every couple of months.I just came across this from a certain Youtuber about a year and a half ago, decided to try it out for myself and found it fun with its simple charm.Some would say it's a bit of a rogue like (lite?) with its randomly generated world (but there are only so many combinations of pirate ship encounters, towns, and islands one can have before it feels the same), but it's the unknown and permadeath that really does it for me. You could make a game out of outsmarting the bugs prevalent in this game - most of them can be circumvented. Just takes some experimentation. For example: teach every single pirate the skill Swimming. You'll save yourself some headaches along the way.Anyway, I recommend it for those into management style games, and those who like to throw stuff at a wall and see what sticks.Try something different."
,Not Recommended,264140,29262072,Posted: 14 January,all,░▒▓fatebeats▓▒░,Buggy and unreliable. Needs much more polish.
,Recommended,264140,31068149,Posted: 10 April,all,TheLonelyDinosaur,Fun pirate simulator
,Not Recommended,264140,29286190,Posted: 15 January,all,•cC• Cookie,a disgusting messdon't even touch it
76561198085124464,Recommended,264140,32288051,Posted: 9 June,all,Molester pls help,relly good game
,Not Recommended,264140,29509900,Posted: 26 January,all,Sas717,Needs multiplayer so much
,Not Recommended,264140,32247762,Posted: 7 June,all,DragMeh,"when's the patch that adds the fun/engaging gameplay?im sure it has been indev for awhile now, surely it should release soon?"
12345665432178987,Recommended,264140,33682598,Posted: 20 July,all,Meh,amazing but could use more updates to make the game less bugged out and aswell add lower graphics for people with potatos I run 60+ fps on this and on csgo 300+ how does that work
76561198031001051,Not Recommended,264140,33538092,Posted: 14 July,all,Josh,"So, there is a lot of good to this game, but in the end it is still very buggy, and just... boring. I'd have liked to be able to conqure islands and build on them.. maybe make a fortress or something that would give me some resources over time, like crab meat, tobacco, sugar, etc.. Actually building stuff wouldn't really matter all that much except for ""Defenses"" like cannons and defenders.. or whatever.. maybe have like.. an area of influence.. once you control an area it has an area of influence out to islands around it.. and as you build further out maybe you can assign a main island, basically your personal fortress that all your stuff goes to.. maybe a trader or two there.. Etc etc..Basically though, in the end this game isn't well executed, fantastic idea.. horrible set up. It's messy, buggy, and limited. I still play it though, due to it's one of the few games you get to build a ship from scratch, and sail the seas.. but I'm sure there are better games.Pirate customization could have been better.. I mean, ok the truth is? I have a good dozen or so negative things to say about the game.. just what it is. I'll try for positives.Uhm....people can fish..?people can swab yer poop deck..? . .You can poo :/It just.. it has GREAT IDEAS! . . .but.. just.. guys work on it more, cmon.. pathing is SO BAD.. it's SOO BAD... ruins the game. Waste of 10 dollars.Only get this game if it's 5 dollars or less."
,Not Recommended,264140,33538739,Posted: 14 July,all,★ Loyal Waffles ★,"I uninstalled this game and I regret nothing. Not that much fun, strange controls, gets boring quickly. Ok graphics.... No never mind it doesn't really have that. A friend had it and I wanted to try it, basically a waste of money.just don't get this game."
,Not Recommended,264140,33566469,Posted: 15 July,all,Stoovan,This game is unfinished. I suggest not having this game lying around your library
76561198097009799,Not Recommended,264140,33573679,Posted: 15 July,all,Lord Dracoliche,"come on Terraria was amazing, now you're just getting lazy. Have to say this game was♥♥♥♥♥♥and there we're no exact rules to follow."
,Not Recommended,264140,33528418,Posted: 13 July,all,UnnaturalDeletion,Abandoned.
76561198132316663,Recommended,264140,17056114,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Skidaddle,EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198103188739,Recommended,264140,33758015,Posted: 23 July,all,║²¿»♥TerraRia♥«?³║,"A life of pirate isn't bad at all, poop where you want, eat, drink, just there is no ""reload"" in real life."
,Not Recommended,264140,33753359,Posted: 23 July,all,DeCoder68W,"This is not a full game. Calling it ""released"" is shameful."
76561198264570892,Recommended,264140,33766535,Posted: 24 July,all,captin.erwin88,Great game in general have way to many hours on it
,Not Recommended,264140,33746016,Posted: 23 July,all,Gaz,Cant in good faith recommend you support this developer after the absolute ♥♥♥♥♥how the console ports where.
,Not Recommended,264140,33883183,Posted: 29 July,all,Jay §oyer,"Its alright.  Not nearly as buggy as some of the reviews make it out to be.  Though it does have its bugs.  While it has a good start, the game gets old fast and it's not geared well as you accumalate resources and men later own.  Too micromanaging."
,Not Recommended,264140,33801865,Posted: 25 July,all,NoBop2000,You know its bad when the game is badly designed to the point that basic movement is a chore
76561198069430069,Not Recommended,264140,27462391,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Uzeti,"Pixel Piracy is a game that in theory could excel as being a fun little gimmicky casual game. In theory, that is.As it is right now, the game is riddled with bugs, unfunny and repetitive content that leaves much to be desiered.The aesthetics are sweet albeit it a little lazy.The devs have put in various references and quite a bit of humor.As the last of the positives, I would like to point out that the management of the crew is relatively good; there are a diverse selection of separation into groups, however, the limit of right-clicking fast becomes annoying.Now to the negatives...The little 2D pixelated figures jump around instead of actually moving like for example in terraria.The gameplay is very repetitive, and with no story whatsoever, the game just drags on without and end further draining your enjoyment.Speaking of, the AI is really bad, the pirates attacking whoever is closest and with no option to target a specific enemy.Despite the varity in weapons, the small indistinguishable effects of the different weapons really add nothing to the gameplay.The voices and sounds are very- very annoying: Voices are either squeaky or ungodly deep with only a random selection in the creation menu.My last remark is that this game is dead. The devs have abondoned it - no updates for a very long time.Save your money."
76561197972474737,Not Recommended,264140,35191781,Posted: 24 September,all,Kama,"The game isn't half bad... until it stops working...Seriously, after YEARS LITERALLY FRIGGIN YEARS!!!!  It still becomes unplayable if your ship plus your enemies ship is to big.  I have never beat the game because everytime i get to a certain point POOOOOOP game crashes or becomes unplayable."
,Recommended,264140,23911148,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,oismunn,"'Ther game is pretty good, a few bugs but when you get past therm it's actually really good'Honestly this is one of my favourite games but the lack of polish is astounding. I'm writing this at 2 in the morning and I'm actually crying with how broken the game is. Not to say that it's bad, but the fact that the scaling is difficult to deal with and the AI is a bit stupid makes the game unfairly difficult. To say the game is a bit of a stretch, while it doesn't seem to have small mechanics fixed such as teaching skills or how food is distributed.However, the game has a lot of potential. I love the fighting and sailing mechanics as well as the division of crews and the way the map is layed out.If I were to make a general statement about the game I'd say it's horribly broken but basically very well designed.6/10"
76561198370361286,Recommended,264140,34245223,Posted: 14 August,all,damianthacker,"umm i found a glich i can,'t move the camra plz fix if posibe the only thing i can do is move my crew and captin"
,Recommended,264140,34372241,Posted: 20 August,all,galactic emperor gerald,i liked it but it could be betterjust wait for pixel piracy 2
76561198078485943,Recommended,264140,34381127,Posted: 20 August,all,Skiffles,is fun game. many jokes. lots of drunk
,Not Recommended,264140,23808646,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Teurblain,"This game hadA LOT of potential. It had an amazing concept, a good combination, support from the community and even the exceptional developers of the great game, Terraria.It shocks me how it had all of this potential, yet wasabandonedafter release. It wasfull of game breaking and ridiculous bugs, the developerslacked supportfor this game, and in the end all of us werevery dissapointed.I'll tell you, I had fun at the beginning of the game, but as I continued, my game has crashed, lagged to the point I can't even believe, and my saves, got corrupted. I also realized how as you play for a certain amount of time, the concept becomes obvious, You sail, fight, loot, shop and repeat until you finish all 4 pirate captains.From all this dissapointment, I just can't find why I could even like or recommend this game anymore."
,Not Recommended,264140,21006881,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,--->Bombatom<---,…………………...„„-~^^~„-„„_………………„-^*'' : : „'' : : : : *-„…………..„-* : : :„„--/ : : : : : : : '\…………./ : : „-* . .| : : : : : : : : '|……….../ : „-* . . . | : : : : : : : : |………...\„-* . . . . .| : : : : : : : :'|……….../ . . . . . . '| : : : : : : : :|……..../ . . . . . . . .'\ : : : : : : : |……../ . . . . . . . . . .\ : : : : : : :|……./ . . . . . . . . . . . '\ : : : : : /….../ . . . . . . . . . . . . . *-„„„„-*'….'/ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . '|…/ . . . . . . . ./ . . . . . . .|../ . . . . . . . .'/ . . . . . . .'|./ . . . . . . . . / . . . . . . .'|'/ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .'|'| . . . . . \ . . . . . . . . . .|'| . . . . . . \„_^- „ . . . . .'|'| . . . . . . . . .'\ .\ ./ '/ . || .\ . . . . . . . . . \ .'' / . '|| . . . . . . . . . . / .'/ . . .|| . . . . . . .| . . / ./ ./ . .|
,Recommended,264140,11915897,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,synchronicity,pretty good game to waste your time on
76561198128857692,Recommended,264140,34567773,Posted: 28 August,all,Satanic weasel,How does one fire the cannon? One of life's great mysteries.
76561198084192092,Not Recommended,264140,35365104,Posted: 30 September,all,Archduke Cooper III,"I'll give it to you straight, the game was fun for a couple of hours, but things take a turn for the worst as you start realizing how barebones everything really is. The concept and art for this game are what drew me in, the ability to craft your own ship and embark on journeys to raid islands sounded amazing but what you get is somewhat.... lame. Overall if this was 2014 I would have recommended it, but seeing how it's 2017 and still no real additions to the game make me think your time (and money) are better spent somewhere else."
,Recommended,264140,35363219,Posted: 30 September,all,Hex,Nice time killer
,Not Recommended,264140,35354140,Posted: 30 September,all,Blue Exorcist,"alright, so im gonna say this now. this game is confusing, one of my freinds intodused it to me and honestly i wish i didint buy it. i love the work the developer does, i hope he keeps making games, but this one..... in my opinion isint good but my freind loves it so maybe you willl to.-Blue"
,Not Recommended,264140,17851275,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,TrechongDong,"I love the concept of this game but I can't get behind it completely. It could be an awesome game, but the execution of it was not done well. It gets pretty repetitive. For a few bucks, this game would be pretty good. But it is not worth the full price."
,Recommended,264140,35388078,Posted: 1 October,all,zabuza'w,Well its a good game
,Not Recommended,264140,35435302,Posted: 2 October,all,Markus,"Would be OK, if not for all the frustrating bugs. I lost more pirates to those than I did to anything else."
,Recommended,264140,35270277,Posted: 28 September,all,Magic_Platypus,really great game. Its challenging and fun!
,Recommended,264140,35476627,Posted: 4 October,all,Daniela Poggiali,"I don't understand the hate this game has. I have no experienced any bugs, only great gameplay.The only neg is if you get a big enough boat and your PC can't handle it, the game will get choppy.People complaining cleaning and fishing wont activate at the same time, can you fish and clean at the same time? Why would it activate at the same time? Doesn't make sense.This game could be considered repetative if you're a land lover who hates exploring."
76561198043647691,Not Recommended,264140,35464803,Posted: 3 October,all,TrippyHippie,Would have been a great game if the developers actually fixed the problems and didn't abandon it.
,Not Recommended,264140,35488365,Posted: 5 October,all,Pizza Totino's Boy,"I got this game back when it was on early access and it seemed promising, although buggy. Played it a couple times, then forgot about it. I saw it today on my library and decided to give it a try, given that it's out of early access and it seemed like it got a ton of updates. The graphics are nicer but that's pretty much it. There's still a few bugs and I wasn't really feeling like going on another run after my first crew died."
