user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198006175856,Not Recommended,264260,11677152,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,TehMuddler,"Clunky interface and unvaried animations, lots of time waiting around. ""Extensive"" research tree is really just a lot of the same incremental upgrades for your guns. Shooting segment quickly becomes repetitive which takes the fun out of blasting zombies. Maybe with more polish and some additional content this would be worth it but it seems that much more time was spent on polygon count than gameplay."
76561197970360015,Recommended,264260,10411107,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,JezB,"Just got this today on a beta release.  The game seems to run nicely in the shooter parts, the computer controlled ""wing man"" seems to be faster and more accurate than me so gets more of the xp.  The maps are quite small although I can't comment about further on as I've only played for a couple of hours.  The play area is nicely rendered and although an isometric view the camera automatically moves and I've only been caught out once by a zombie hidden by some scenery.The main interface/ globe map feels a bit clunky to be honest.  There were some tips but it was a bit of trial and error with clicking different bits to understand what was going on.  It works well enough I suppose, but it's not very engaging.  I can see that further on the population might need to be moved around but it's still a lot of guesswork at the moment as to what I'm supposed to be aiming to achieve.The research and character levelling up is very one dimensional and I for one would like there to be more options, and not just see all the guns in a research line that you probably steadily progress through as you inevitably gain xp.  I would like more guns and more tactical options.  Sniper?  Heavy Support?The zombies all seem identical at the moment, just run at you at different speeds, can't comment about further through the game.All in all I suppose the obvious comparison to x-com will have to be drawn.  It's an action shooter as opposed to a strategy game in the current state.  But I can't help feeling I'm left wanting more.  I would say it's a great take on the x-com style game, don't be afraid to take more cues from a very successful and long series of games.  Just put your spin on it and this game could go from OK to great."
,Recommended,264260,20125770,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,RandomIdiot,"GAMEPLAYIn a nutshell, there is a zombie infestation on the planet and you are tasked to build bases, with soldiers for ground assaults or choppers for overhead clean-up duties, to counter the global infestation. These bases cannot be customised and although they can be rebuild and placed elsewhere if you have the resources, you should think in advance where you place something to cover impending attacks.Once you trigger meteorites carrying the virus that threathens humanity, you are tasked with suppressing the outbreak, doing side missions to earn yourself additional elements such as more choppers, turrets that halt the spread of an infected city to another node or more resources to help fund your buildings or troops.Meanwhile, you can research better armaments for ingame encounters, albeit fully restricted to guns. As you trigger more meteorites the zombies will become stronger, so you would do well to balance doing missions and getting upgrades so you are more efficient in combat. Luckily you can also level up soldiers as they gain XP, so you got options to improve soldiers. You can earn bonus XP rates by not getting hit during your missions for extended periods of time. You also earn extra cash by defending cities through defeating an infected node before it reaches another city node. For some reason you must pick this up on the planetary view as a coin, as if this were a Freemium game. It's not, but it's odd that you need to click on it when it could just go straight into your resource pool like other mission rewards.The only annoying factor I ran into was that zombies have a similar death animation to their animation of getting hit. At times you shoot a zombie near your soldiers, thinking you killed it, before it suddenly hits you and takes down your bonus XP rate. It's a bit frustrating, but it just means you have to count your hits. Your other soldiers fall under AI control, though, so they will normally help you out as well. You can freely switch to them or make your squad fire all at once as well, but unfortunately you can't give them any advanced commands.The game is very arcade-like, though the missions do vary; there's defense missions, escort missions and the like. In the end the game offers a little bit of Strategy plus Tower Defense (planet view) and RPG (character leveling) on top of being a top down shooter.Other than that the goal remains straightforward, destroy all meteorites before time runs out and the virus wipes out humanity. Unfortunately there is not much more to the game beyond that, but it's a short and small game to begin with and to be fair this game does have some replay value.SIMILARITYThe planetary view reminds me strongly of the first twoXCOM games, what with building your bases in preparation for random incoming missions. It's not as complicated, obviously, but it's nice to see a remote familiarity with such games.In-game it's a typical top down shooter like games such asAI Invasion, orAlien Swarm- but without utilities for soldiers. The game at it's core is very arcade-like, as said before.There is also a hint ofDead Frontier, the popular zombie browser MMO. Although that game offers a lot more, the arcade-like combat feels somewhat similar, as well as the visuals on powerful weapons. I don't know if these developers were intentionally inspired by it, but it feels good to see the spirit of a game like that have an impact on a game like this.PERFORMANCEThe game runs well, there are no crashes or major errors or glitches to my knowledge - so I have to give them credit: the game seems properly optimised in terms of performance. Do keep in mind I use fairly recent and powerful hardware, so I can't speak for weak systems.In terms of bugs, the only oddities I found was that my graphical settings don't always seem to be saved. You also have to manually set the game to target running on 30 or 60 FPS, which definitely hints at this game being intended for handheld/mobile devices, or consoles.The only ingame bug I encountered is that sometimes AI members which follow your main soldier can get stuck behind walls or other obstacles, but they always find a way back to you.VISUALSThere are two areas to cover, first there is the in-game graphics. Although not advanced, it's not that bad for this day and age, judge the screenshots for yourself. Personally I like vibrant colours, it gives the game a nice graphical style to stand out from many similar zombie games which often look grey and gritty.Then we have the interface. The text menus and placement of some of the menus is dreadful at times and may take some getting used to. My biggest complaint is about pickup messages, which are also in bright Red, Green, Blue or Yellow which is an insane contrast to the rest of the HUD and makes it look very amateuristic when they appear in the middle of your screen.The interface seems designed for controllers. However, mouse and keyboard do work fine. This is not a game like Dark Souls that is ported to PC while mouse and keyboard is forgotten.RECOMMENDATIONPick this game up ifyou are looking for a short arcade game, with some degree of strategy on the overhead planetary view, to satisfy you in a singleplayer experience.Do NOT pick this game up ifyou are looking for a long game, or a game with a ton of combat variables or tactical abilities or in general expect this to be an indie game that reinvents the genres it's part of. Also this is not a multiplayer or coop game.My own verdict is that, while this game is nothing new, it's also not a bad game. It's not a cash grab or an unstable mobile port - it's a short and simple, but finished product. Especially if the game is on sale, it can be worth it for short hours in which you would want to play a top down shooter. But alas, just don't expect it to be a ""great game"".As a personal tip to Steam Traders: Steam Trading Cards for this game are currently somewhat rare due to a low player base and some may fetch a decent price, as of this time."
76561198026048160,Not Recommended,264260,17625473,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,chris435,"Love zombies and enjoyed the squad top down elements of this and would have definately recommended it in the first 4 hours of gameplay. But with no storyline to push it along, after 12 hours, I have found this to be a repetative grind on several same maps of slightly increasing difficulty.I have realised that I should have not invested research into the secondary weapon and simply should have researched the primary weapon up to the machine gun, also my strategic placement around the main map could have been more logical (would have saved money having to move helicopter positions). However, in all honesty I cannot be stuffed restarting the game and again grinding through all the same repetative maps. As it is, I cannot even be bothered finishing my current game.There is simply way more interesting games to invest your time into.Note to game developers - you need a story to keep a player interested, even if it's just some pictures with a voice over. Otherwise, what is the point of playing?"
,Recommended,264260,11669101,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,shoggofu,"So I've played this game for an hour and 45 minutes and progressed to the fourth level of the outbreak. After playing it I heard that it was a mobile port, considering that it has that going against it's not so bad lol- I found it a bit confusing and my experience was also apparently affected by some bugs- If you're are considering this because you thought it would be a strategic X-com like experience like I did, well the missions aren't like that in this, they are run and gun stylehttp://youtu.be/0u5fUZipiDchttp://youtu.be/o4za5fOi5LISo you start off in the global view which look's kind of like what you find in X-com games. You place your first outpost and detonate one of ten fallen asteroids. Each time you destroy an fallen meteor you initiate the next level of the outbreak, I believe you detonate additional one before clearing out infection caused by the previous one. But I didn't try that, however I think the idea is that you can do so in order to try and eradicate the overall threat before the twenty four hours or whatever is up.-----So you send small squads by helicopter to outbreaks or contract missions. During missions you don't control your squad like you would in an RTS at all. With pickups such as wads of cash and microscopes for your 'research' that are scattered randomly around the mission environments it is actually kind of arcade like. You control the movement of one squad member with WASD and aiming and shooting with your mouse. The other soldier in my squad was AI controlled and just followed my guy around. There are a few different types of mission. Destroy 'Zompods', escort soldiers, rescue scientists, fight off waves of Zombies and protect and engineer while they repair a machine gun turret. The worst one was the the waves kind, they really need to increase the difficulty of that kind of mission. I just sat there shooting Zombies as they slowly spawned and made their way towards us. The camera is fixed onto one location before so I was firing off the screen to hit Zombies I couldn't even see. They didn't even get close. I found the game reasonably challenging sometimes. I failed the first time I had to protect the engineer, who is actually pretty vulnerable to attacks. I seemed to have adjusted to the difficulty of missions, and the progression of difficulty seems to pretty slow. Some of procedurally generated missions are very small short. This is kind of a good thing in a way, because you do a quite a few of them and it allows to you to get through them quickly. I like how go in, complete your mission, return to the evac site and call your chopper.-----The global aspect of the game. It is populated by a network of icons representing cities and indicates how much infection is speading. This is where I got confused. It was never clear to me what resources to send to which kind of alert. You have a variety of different helicopters to send to different kinds alerts. Green squad carrying ones to deploy at missions, red ones to attack locations apparently to decrease threat level for your squads or something like that and I had a yellow Chinook. You couldn't just send your green or red choppers to any infected location for an action. You have to wait or something for the outbreak to set in even at locations that appeared to be infected. Or before you could clear 'Zompods' with your squad in a location you had to attack areas linked to that location with your red choppers or something like, I'm not sure. The chinook seemed to be completely useless. I couldn't load a squad onto it, this may have been a bug. And  when I sent it to any location there was no option for me to do anything with it at all. I cleared stages of outbreak as I went, but I was randomly sending out choppers to do so and hoping for the best.-----'Research' in this game consists of upgrading your available firearms. There isn't really anything interesting here. Each weapon has a non linear tech tree (lol). You begin with the Mp5. If you invest enough 'R&D' into it you can unlock the next weapon, then you can repeat the process with the next weapon. The weapon at the other end of the spectrum from the Mp5 is the M60. No high tech sci-fi energy weapons, Aliens like smart gun or biological weapons to develop and use against the Zombies. i got to the second tier weapon which was the M4A1 and using that made the game feel like it was in slow motion because it fired so slowly lolSo the visuals aren't spectacular but they aren't bad all round. The missions feel don't feel fluid and the action is kind of slow. It help a little bit to set the frame rate to 60 instead of the default 30. You probably can't see quite far enough with the camera. I didn't really like the way the camera perspective changes to a 360 degree perspective focusing on your guy while you protect an engineer.So I would recommend this game because it's okay. But I would also recommend waiting until it's on special. I didn't really find it exciting to play. It's not a failure, but it's kind of bland at the moment. It covers basics but I think it has potential to be a good game if improvements are made. It look's the dev's are still working on it. Maybe the they will spice it up a bit hopefully =)Clickherefor my YouTube gaming channel"
,Recommended,264260,10493336,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,CTi flauxhawk,"Comparisons to X-COM will be made and they would be incorrect. A globe-style strategy screen an X-COM clone does not make.The strategy portion of the game involves managing the overall spread of infection, isolating hotspots to allow for ground assaults and cleaning up previously infected cities. There is basic outpost building (limited to turrets which limit infection spread and chopper outposts for ground assault, clean up, and attack) and research for improvement of weaponry. Ground assault missions are played in a top-down shooter fashion with kills netting your soldiers XP to improve some basic attributes such as accuracy, armor strength and weapon skill (allowing for the use of more powerful weaponry). The gameplay is very enjoyable and works well, though it is formulaic. You destroy a meteor, outbreaks occur, you send your attack choppers to eliminate cities outlying the ground assault area. Once the ground assault area is isolated you can send in your squad to do some old fashioned shootin' action. From there you send in clean up choppers to remove vestiges of the virus from each city to prevent future viral outbreaks. It can be disheartening to see how a poorly managed containment strategy leads to the infection outrunning your capability to contain it.Graphics are functional and are improved from the mobile version, as are the controls and combo system. HIghly recommended."
76561198271149295,Recommended,264260,25340848,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,AcydBuZZ,"The consensus seems to be tied even for likes/dislikes of this game. I felt compelled to write a short review since Global Outbreak is hands down my favorite/go-to game on mobile and this PC version is somewhat lengthened and looks a bit better. The building and research aspect is basically the same and the point-and-click style top-down shooter segments are now twin-stick style (slightly harder although more engaging/fun). I do recommend either an Xbox One controller or better still, a Steam Controller. The analog stick for movement and the mouse-like cursor control work perfectly together. When I bought it, Global Outbreak was $8.99 and I've wasted twice that on games that didn't keep me half as entertained. I highly recommend it, especially if you catch it on a good sale."
76561198029087148,Recommended,264260,11349058,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,devfriends82,the mobile version has many more waepons.....please add that..but overall.... have played the mobile version for the past two years..its a great game..the pc mod has some issues but i guess they can be fixed ..also why is there a limit to the bases and choppers and turrets..take out the limits make it like the mobile version...more fun...currently the game is stacked against the player..also why not add armor mod ....helicopter upgrade.....but a fun game none the less...its reminiscent of the old age RPG ..... something that we miss nowadays...buy it 'play it..
76561198023637559,Recommended,264260,33494213,Posted: 12 July,all,Omunall,"Love it. Zombie killing goodness, great for down time or during lunch breaks. I love this, squad and tactics, light on the whole thing but it's quite fun!"
,Recommended,264260,10409382,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,[TRG] Roy,"After my earlier problem was solved, I can finally go in depth more with this game. It is good as it stands currently. It places you in a position where time is of the eccence and ever decision counts because it takes time, resources and man power. The more meteors destroyed, the fast you have to scramble ever available unlocked chopper and take action to limit the devestation.The combat is fairly straight forward currently. 3 meteors in and the only noticable difference i've seen is an increase in zombies and them needing more bullets to be DEAD DEAD. the variety does need work either that or i haven't unlocked that far enough in the game to see them yet. I enjoy the collectibles and unlocking new weapons and choppers to use in my fight to save mankind, and the little touches such as the squad members in your choppers being some of the friends on your friend list. Over all a decent game for a first release."
76561197960891979,Recommended,264260,11684706,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,2ds,"What's that I hear you say? You want a mashup of Xcom, Left for dead and Zombie Shooter?Well here it is, Global Outbreak: Doomsday edition.I got a solid 12 hours of play our of this game and while the missions got a bit tiresome after a while the devs seemed to have nailed the difficulty, I never felt like winning was a forgone conclusion and I was often pressed to re-organise my forces into different configurations to respond to the AI.If you liked the three games I mentioned at the start of this mini review then give this one a shot, I think it represents good value."
,Not Recommended,264260,22876253,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Avendt,"I have played UFO: series, X-COM: series, XCOM: series and many wanabe`s like Xenonauts, and have liked and disliked a lot about each series...This game is just a chaotic wanabe game that is more of a torture than a game. The UI interface is not friendly, the speed of the game is punishing and no way to pause and take a stock of what the hell is going on. I pressed `pause`, `p`, `space bar` but timer just kept going on and events were happening at overwhelming pace. Research, upgrades, they are all a mess. I just could not get a grip on this game. You probably have to be a hardcore gamer to be into this kind of a game. For a player like me who just wants to start a game and play  it expecting the UI and game mechanics to make sense without having to go and Google for a help, this is not the game! The only thing that did make sense were ground battles! I cannot understand this chaotic mess of a game. Sadly."
,Recommended,264260,21189912,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Jaymie,"It's a strange one.At the same time, I can appreciate a lot of things are bad.  The sound effects are bad, the animation is bad, the upgrades are poorly thought out (You have to semi-max a gun before you unluck the next one, which is weaker than the previous)...Yet I strangely like it.  It's addicting and has an Xcom feel to it.  Your squad of soldiers vs an alien invasion and such.It's bad, but despite being bad it's also really good.  One of the hardest games I've ever had to describe.Don't go into this expecting anything like an AAA game or even a high quality indie game; it isn't.  But it's surprisingly not bad."
76561198172267333,Not Recommended,264260,14226352,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,stavrotheo72,"NOT HAPPY,  every time game goes to ground assault it goes to a 1 inch by 1 inch screen that i cant or wont let me enlarge window, the game IS RUNNING but so small cant see and rediculous. especially since i paid for this and really wanted to play it. and i know my surface Pro 3 has the abillity to play this game ,"
76561198007295050,Not Recommended,264260,13964489,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Adramelech,"The idea is undoubtedly good and fits well into the classic XCOM-like genre. Unfortunately this game is at least at its current state severly debilitated by an incredibly counterintuitive and clumsy user interface. This ""ZCOM - Enemy undead"" -idea would have had much more potential than this lived up to."
76561198028347021,Not Recommended,264260,15171488,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Bertalan Zoltán,"This game is terrible! Unweighted, enjoy the absolutely poor combat system, the strategy of the legendary old! Even I did not write this, but immensely regret that I gave this money. I do not recommend to anyone! I tried to see the good in it, but not yet earned sufficient scoring by the lengthy test. The sounds and movements of the zombies and offers unprecedented functionality unspeakable.The game seems that the makers have been bored or unhappy they have initiated and completed in early development. At least they would have an easier interface mod, but I do not know of. And this stupidity, which is impossible in a state of apocalypse that is measured in dollars, even the weapons and helicopters whatnot. This is something dreadful. The cretin humanity accordingly, while the zombies eat people still counting the money allocated to the weapons ...Not very original, yeah, yeah, and I'm a little bit angry!"
,Recommended,264260,11232960,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Desperado,"I was really looking forward to this game. I read a lot of reviews that was positive. The game description looked promissing, The screen shots also looks good. I know that this is an early access game and I can appreciate the fact that it needs some more work. And I'm not saying that this is a bad game - not at all.  I've played awhile and did not encounter major issues on my system. The only real major issue I have with this game is the fact that it's difficulty level really borders on the absurd. The characters hardly have the chance to put up a good fight before they die. There are no option to save the game in ground assault. If you die you have to play it all over again. I know that it's a fast paced zombie shooter and bla bla bla juddy juddy bla bla ... but really. I'm just an ordinary gamer without superpowers and don't have the time or patience to repeat and repeat and repeat. There really is no fun in that for me. So I have kind of a mixed reaction - I want to say yes and I want to say no ... but I'll go for no until such time as there are difficulty and save options available.Ok, here is my update on my previous review. I've play a bit and find the game more ... how shall I put it ... soldier friendly. My previous issue with dying to soon is gone. Maybe I just became a better soldier but I don't have that urge to save my game so often. Well, I find the game enjoyable enough and for the entertainment value vs the price tag I think ... no I'm certain its worth giving it a go. So yeah this time round I'll give it a solid YES. Happy gaming guys."
,Not Recommended,264260,10539084,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Corrosion,eh.......... not worth it.
76561198203795260,Recommended,264260,17805597,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,m.mill3085,great game it's ok
,Not Recommended,264260,16336630,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Lord_Eol,"Console third person view shooter, not a RTS as expected"
76561197978494318,Recommended,264260,11985777,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ϟϟGrowerϟϟ,Awesome Game.Only one con I have noticed is no zoom in or out.
76561198037266227,Recommended,264260,10412940,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Knightshade515,"If you've got 10 bucks and some time to kill, pick it up. It's alright."
,Recommended,264260,11771156,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Scorpion,"This is what humans should be doing to contain the infected when there is an outbreak, not the current situation in this world right now whereby capitalists still allow infected tourists to travel around the world to spend their infected monies...Buy this if you cannot stand wussies who cannot shut their mouth about the Ebola outbreak. That'll teach'em..."
,Not Recommended,264260,12071857,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,SIleNt,!!!Dont buy it!!!! or you want to waise your timeit's good but...Am i buy a facebook game ?Why i have to wait like facebook game.
,Recommended,264260,10408220,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,iCeMaN,ok but not the best
,Recommended,264260,10416896,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Hemmingjay,"UPDATE: After months of occasionally playing this game I have found it to be acceptable for a $10 game. The developers don't seem to be doing much if anything to improve it but my earlier complaints are less of an issue to me now. I would suggest it for someone looking for an action shooter with a larger tactical over-view. The concept deserves support even if the execution is lacking.Not very good unfortunately. It's a mobile port and it's very obvious. The low quality sound effects are painful. The graphics are fuzzy/blurry and I'm shocked if they claim they did any major upgrades to them. The controls are sluggish and unresponsive. There are invisible walls everywhere.As far as gameplay, there is nearly no strategy, the order of your attack either is forced along a predetermined path or doesn't matter. The zombies always just move in a straight line at you. Your teamate AI is just as bad.Overall, I would say they took a mediocre mobile game and charged double on PC while removing the charm. It would have at least been cool on a phone. The cutscene menu effects are very nice with the embedded video(for mobile). Charging more than $4.99 for this seems offensive."
76561198035599199,Recommended,264260,20876425,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,johntohill,"An absolutely underrated gem!  Whatever teething problems this game might have had on release have definitely been ironed out now and I cannot recommend this enough to anyone who likes zombies, arcade top-down shooters and a little bit of strategy thrown into the mix.The game definitely doesn't hold your hand but it gives enough guidance to get you started, and eventually the nuances of the game you will work out as you go.  The game starts on the global map, with 10 meteors embedded in the earth's surface.  You must destroy all of them to win the game.  As you blow up each one, it releases spores or ""pods"" which rain down in the general area and start spreading the zombie virus amongst the cities and populations nearby.  This is where the strategy comes in.  You must avoid blowing up too many meteors (read that as, more than 1) at any time as otherwise you can be overwhelmed and not able to fend off the outbreaks.  You must then apply 3 different types of base and associated helicopters (each of which have improved variants as you progress) to fight the spores.  The first type, is to aerially bombard infected areas to stem the tide.  A second type, is used to clear up infected regions to prevent rapid reinfection.  And the third, to drop in troops to blow up the pods and wipe the zombie virus from the face of the planet.  This troop drop is the top-down action section, essentially the other half of the game which I will cover later.  And you have to do all this against a ticking timer!  Blowing up meteors give you additional time so the trick is to wipe out all pod areas spawned by one meteor explosion before the timer is up and then destroy another meteor.  It's an addictive and tense ballet that ratchets up in intensity as you progress.Wiping out the pods via a troop drop moves the game to the top-down action shooter section.  Here you move your squad of a few soldiers around, controlling 1 through the wasd keys and shooting using the mouse.  Your other squadmates will follow you around and generally have enough sense to fire at the most pressing target.  You can swap to each character as you please but I generally never really did need this as all soldiers handle fairly alike.  Grenades can also be lobbed to wipe out groups of enemies.  It's simple, straightforward fun that doesn't give too much room for advanced tactics but is indeed satisfying.  While on the top-down actio map you can pick maneuver your troops to pick up research points to research new weapons and additional cash for adding bases, turrets, weapons, etc., and of course there are ammo pickups to bolster your rapidly dwindling ammo reserves as you splatter the adequately varied environments with several coats of zombie blood and brains.Pathing it has to be mentioned is generally quite good, especially considering how winding and cluttered some environments can be..  And even if your guys do get trapped, once they disappear off screen (camera is always focussed on your currently selected character), they will magically spring back and materialise by your side again.  Not overly realistic, but a wise game designer choice considering there is no save function in map.  I only had one instance where pathing was an issue, and that was when a non-controlled npc was running into the shelter to complete the escort mission and got stuck on a wall so I had to restart it.But the action sections are generally so short this is never really an issue.Research points collected in-map or as a reward for successful missions are used to improve existing weapons and unlock new ones.  Though I found that during my one run through the unlocked top-tier weapons were too expensive to equip my troops with so I settled on a mid-tier weapon for the majority of my guys.  In addition to sorting your guys' loadouts, you can also upgrade each one with the experience they gain from combat, upping their aim, damage, speed, etc.  A very token RPG element, but it is noticeable when you've got a seasoned veteran and rookie side by side and the experienced one is dropping enemies left and right the green one is spraying everywhere.Another addition to the pod-clearing missions are the contract missions which appear randomly and allow you to drop-in troops to perform a variety of exciting set-pieces such as helping a group of beleaguered soldiers hold their ground, helping a group of stranded solders punch out back to friendly lines, escort scientists to safety, escort engineers to repair gun emplacements, etc.  All of this unlocks new helicopters, turrets, etc.  There is a lot of escorting granted but this is handled very well by the game.  By and large the escortees don't run off by themselves and stick quite close to your squad, as is the sensible thing to do!Graphically the game is fine.  Nothing exceptional but it is more than acceptable, and it runs very well too with no crashing.Music is so-so.  Nothing out of place but absolutely nothing that really grabs or invigorates you.Sound is fine.  Some guns (not the pistols!) have a suitably satisfying sound, but zombies all sound the same essentially.As you can tell, gameplay is what this game is all about, without worrying about superfluous extras.  It's that constant sense of progression and challenge, the frantic juggling of troop positions and helicopter strikes, and that overarching feeling of not knowing whether you're going to win or lose until the very end is really something.  While not the greatest zombie game ever, people have noted that there is little sense of story, characters or context beyond the tagline ""zombies are here, kill them and save humanity"", it must be said that this is indeed a very good game, miles ahead of some of the other zombie-infused crap that has infested steam's catalogue.It took my just about 10-12 hours all told game time to beat it, and this is definitely value for money in my eyes.  Well worth it at full price!"
,Not Recommended,264260,20759940,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,bolo591,"This is the first game I asked Steam to refund (and was successful...).As much as the videos and screenshots make the game interesting, the gameplay falls short from the expectation in particular:- No real tutorial on using the game interface during the strategic phase,- A poorly design interface that make you think the game was made before 2000.  Same for the videos.- Incredible amount of useless waiting in front of the screen before being able to do something during the strategic phase- Action phase too hard leading to some frustation. Especially since the AI of your teammate looks really bad... No tutorial there either to help you understanding what to do and how to do it.Hence you have the perfect recipe for making a game frustrating and BORING without any real fun."
