user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,264200,9332550,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Retro,"Extremely fast paced, two button XiaoXiao style combat.You remember those old Stick fight flash animations from Newgrounds that went down in history the second they were uploaded? Maybe you were a kid like me, wishing that someone would create a game that allowed you to be just as fluid, furrious and fast. Well, wish no longer.Within a matter of moments, this game has quickly become one of my favorite titles this year..Yes, you read that correctly.It takes elements of DDR style timed gameplay and gives it to you with a simple 2 button system. Simply press either the left or right mouse buttons OR X and B on a controler and go to town. Such a simple system has never before made you feel like more of a badass.  Further proving that  a good game only requires amazing game design. And that's just what this dev has pulled off.Don't be fooled by the simplistic gameplay though. This brawler is not simple by any means and faster than you realize it, it will turn on you. Becoming a hardcore slaughter fest. Rating you on how many times you've missed and being rather unforgiving about it. This isn't to say that it's not fair by any means. If you missed, YOU missed. And you will pay for it with reductions to speed, taking damage and losing points.But, if you can keep up with the insanity it's throwing at you from all sides, it's one of the single most rewarding feelings you can get from a game. Knowing you've just wrecked a small army of men using nothing but your timing, skill and reaction speed.For the price, I can think of no better buy right now on the Steam Store. This indie dev put time and effort into crafting something amazing, beautiful, addictive and mind blowing.Do yourself a favor. Skip lunch for today and pick this game up right ♥♥♥♥ing now."
,Recommended,264200,9345385,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,JISHYJOSHY,You: I know Kung FuGame: Show me---------------------------------------------------------------Bought this game on release as a joke. Was not disappointed
,Recommended,264200,12596422,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Calamity Heart,"I would not have discovered this game if I hadn't watched jacksepticeye play it on Youtube, and as soon as I saw gameplay of it, and saw that it was only $5, I knew I had to get it, and 90 hours of playtime later, I can safely say that it's perhaps the best five dollars I've ever spent.One of my favorite types of games are games that are simple to learn, difficult to master, and rank you on how well you did. One Finger Death Punch, Flappy Bird, Spin Copters, Electronic Super Joy, all of them very simple (and cheap) games that I've put more hours in than I've put into any other type of game. But like every game, even one as good as I think One Finger Death Punch is, there were some hiccups.What I liked about the game:- Flexible difficulty: 1FDP is the only game I've come across so far that has such a flawless, seamless method of adjusting its difficulty level to player skill. If you were able to clear a level with little effort, it upped the speed a tad. If you did alright, it kept you as is. If you lost, or just -barely- beat it, it stepped you down a tad. There's still that ""Easy > Normal > Hard"" mechanic in the form of the Student, Master, and Grandmaster difficulties, which don't take you under a certain speed, but the flexibility remains, and it is pretty much perfect.- Shadow enemies: If an enemy design in a game as simple as 1FDP can make you -nervous- when you encounter it, that is excellent design, and the ""shadow enemies"" encountered in the later stages of Master, and nearly all the stages of Grandmaster are exactly that. Most enemies have an indicator below them that shows what order you need to click them in order to defeat them, and a color that corresponds to this order. Shadow enemies have neither, and because of this, it's nerve-wracking whenever you encounter them, because you don't know how many hits it'll take to defeat them, or whether or not they'll change sides. That sense of uncertainty adds a greater depth of challenge to an already very challenging game.- Atmosphere: It's a two-dimensional, two-button beat-em-up. The main character is a plain white, indescript stickman. The only variety between enemies is color, and sometimes a hat. And still, the game manages to make you feel like you're Bruce Lee, with an amazing soundtrack in the background, and an endless array of lightspeed punches kicks, blood, sound effects, bodies flying into the air, stuff breaking, exploding, collapsing, etc. And when it's all over, you can't help but take a deep breath at how epic it was, especially when you just got a perfect round.- Forking Progression: Progression in 1FDP is not linear in the sense that there is only one clearly-placed way to go, and if you're having trouble on a level, you just have to keep attacking it over and over and over until you finally win. 1FDP's, levels fork off into various paths in the middle, such that at any given time, you could have up to five or six levels available at one time to play. The forks taper back into a linear progression near the end, which I feel is appropriate, but the multitudes of forking paths in the middle was stunningly impressive to me.Now, for what I didn't like:- The Tutorial Levels: 1FDP is an incredibly simple game. It's so simple that the first six or so levels that -constantly- stop the gameplay in order to beat incredibly obvious mechanics into your skull, are completely redundant and unnecessary. From the first second of the first level, just by -glancing- at my character, and the oncoming enemy, I knew exactly what I had to do, which made it very annoying to me when everything kept pausing in order to waste time explaining it. Oh, the enemy with TWO bars underneath him takes TWO hits to defeat? You don't say! It irks me when games treat their players like they're idiots, especially games as simple as this one.- Wasted Design Opportunities: I feel like SDG dropped the ball in a few places in terms of designing mechanics, particularly, weapon design. There are two categories of weapon: melee and ranged, and three types of weapons for each category, sword, staff, and club for melee, arrow, dagger, and bomb for ranged. And other than the melee throw special, which, unless you take the Throw Weapon skill, you'll only see about 20% of the time, -all- the weapons in either given category do the -exact- same thing. Every ranged weapon gives you a one-hit kill. Every melee weapon extends your hit range. I feel like SDG could have done more with the weapons without compromising the simplicity of the game. Have staff weapons increase the range, have swords do two points of damage per hit, have clubs knock enemies back into the enemy behind them when they kill them, stalling that side of the screen for a moment. And something similar for  the ranged weapons. As it is, it's not bad at all, but I just feel like it could have been -better-.This extends to the types of available levels as well. There's literally no difference between Light Sword rounds and Nunchaku Rounds besides color scheme and the obvious use of different weapons. And while those levels are -awesome-, they could have been done better, differently, to add a touch more variety.Overall, despite the annoying, needless idiot test at the very beginning of the game, and the wasted design opportunities, this is an absolutely amazing game for its price, and I'd give it an easy 9.7/10. Get it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,264200,12920097,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,The Final Link,"One two, kick a few dudes.Three four, get a cool swordFive six, kill them with sticksSeven eight, this is greatNine ten, Ima play againBuy it."
,Recommended,264200,11716572,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Cygnus,"OFDPis a stupid amount of fun. It oozes personality, which is great if you don't mind extremely over-the-top Pan-Asian kung-fu stylings, complete with a very exaggerated Mr. Miyagi voice guiding you through the levels. I love it, myself, but I could see some people wincing at it, just a bit. I have a long history of giddily watching hordes of nameless dudes get bent by the likes of Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan, Jet Li, etc, and if that's you as well, you'll be re-enacting your favorite fight scenes in your head by the first few very very fast levels in this game. If you can get through a whole session of play without pulling even alittleBruce Lee yell after you finish one of the stages then I'm not sure I want to know you.Two buttons. Two buttons is all it takes, if you have a game that has: surgeon-like responsiveness, incredible sound effects, simple but effective enemy styles, a ridiculous amount offunand varied levels, great level music that adds the perfect touch to the kung-fu atmosphere but never terribly gets in the way... I could go on but what I'm trying to say is, this is a damn well put together piece of game. You can sort of tell how obsessive the devs were about nailing the gameplay, like mental patient obsessive, like crazy genius inventors living in a weird creepy tower obsessive, and I'm so glad they were. On another planet they'd be curing cancer but here they're making this game! Praise Jesus. Yes, on first glance it looks like a Newgrounds game. Who cares? It's brilliant. Play it."
,Recommended,264200,9333347,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Jussi_FIN,"In this game it's easy to get in the zen mode (or gamers high), where you just keep pressing buttons almost without thinking.Definedly worth of it's price."
76561198057046664,Recommended,264200,12580002,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,CruelHornet,REVIEW HAIKUStick figure kung-fuEntrails flung across your screenQuite mesmerizing
,Recommended,264200,29648475,Posted: 2 February,all,☪ Spect3r ☪,"What to expect of this game? Enjoyment. Did you get frustruated by your boss at work? Did you get mad by your wife at home? Or is your day full of bullsht? Looking for someone to beat him up and get done with this fed up madness and frustration. Here is the solution. This game, is completely made for you to vent up your fed up shts. Punch them, knife them, throw them etc. Since a game is meant to get me relaxed, One Finger Death Punch fully deserves its name as a ""game""."
,Recommended,264200,12796217,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Kassan6ra,"One finger death punch is the ultimate example of a game with bare minimum graphics and controls that manages to work it to its advantage. Your hits have to be lightning fast but at the same time carefully calculated, which makes the impact of your every move immediately demonstrated. Enemies come and go in an almost rhythmical hypnotizing frenzied fashion and it is admirable how the game manages to make your fighting style look almost flamboyant with such little resources at its fingertips. One finger death punch is a must have for people who like beat' em up games as well as for those that don't, since it has a magical ability of drawing you in for just one more level."
,Recommended,264200,26349035,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Gordon Zola ♪,"Reflex Simulator 2014Simple game, ennemies are coming, Left Mouse button to hit Left and Right Mouse button to hit right.Could be a very useful game for people who wants to train their reflexes or those who need real quick time vision ; You have to see clearly what's happening in the screen to hit the correct amount of click needed and when to hit.Cheap and fun game, and may be usefull!"
,Recommended,264200,28614275,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,atro city,"One of the most satisfying indie games I've ever played. It's a two-button game (attack left/attack right), but don't be mistaken; this is not a rhythm game. The enemies are random, so every attack has to be done on reaction. There is also a bit of depth and strategy as well with equippable skills that change how you play, as well as several game modes.But overall, this game's biggest advantage is its incredibly satisfying combat. The battles are addictive adrenaline-rushing action scenes where anything can happen. Arrows, daggers, spears, swords, hammers, nunchucks, and even fish can be used as weapons. Enemies get kicked through windows, crash through fruit stands, and get uppercut into the sky. It makes you feel like a complete badass, and that in turn naturally makes you want to get better at the game.  It's a feedback loop that will suck you in and before you know it you've sunk dozens of hours into it.Buy One Finger Death Punch. Even at full price this game's a steal. There's a reason why this is one of the highest-rated games on Steam with a 98% overall positive rating."
76561198047143384,Recommended,264200,9337955,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,ENCR0ACHER,10/105 STARS *****[Official Chops Seal of Approval]The most fun I've had with 2 fingers since High School.d( ^_^ d)
,Recommended,264200,16459019,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Best Wank,"There's good reason for my lightning-fast reflexes, and how I excel at video games, and how no one can surprise me with a baseball bat from behind: I play One Finger Death Punch.It keeps me young. It keeps me light on my feet. I spring from activity to activity. I love my job. I love my life. When you play One Finger Death Punch you'll wink and nod and hug and high five eachother with great enthusiasm.This is a special time."
,Recommended,264200,11414817,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Lavacore,Actually its more like two finger death punch
,Recommended,264200,32164420,Posted: 3 June,all,Blackknight,"You seriously cannot go wrong with this game. While you only hit two buttong durring the game, there are random boosts (and selected talents) that change up the gameplay. Add in weapons and enemies that take more than one hit or dodge attacks and there's enough variery to keep you on your toes as the enemies come faster and faster all the while you feel like a powerful kung fu warrior taking down hordes of approaching stickmen."
,Recommended,264200,12030083,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,ShaDoWLaZeR,"If you ever watched Xiao Xiao back in the 2000s, this is basically that but you control the stickman and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everyone Jet Li style. Here's an example of Xiao Xiao :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EibEniZ33YI highly recommend this game, because of the high speed gameplay and high adrenaline you won't find in many games!"
,Recommended,264200,19104894,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Jadarma,"OverviewOne Finger Death Punch is a small scale indie game that managed to go big! It takes the all to known stickman one vs all fight that dominated the Flash era and puts it into a fun and actually addictive game that's literally all on your fingertips! Fight hordes of enemies in over 250 levels that span across multiple game modes and three survival challenges.The Pros:Fun!- The main focus of this game is to keep you hooked, and it does just that. The gameplay is fun, the learning curve just right, the different game modes keep the game interesting and fight off repetitiveness even in long play sessions. It's one of those games that have a stupidly simple concept, but excel in execution.Skill & Reflex Development- It's really interesting if you document your performance in the game and play for a while. The learning curve is just right, and after a few hours you will find yourself getting better and better, but so do the levels. There are lots of things to put your skills to the test so you never feel like you quite mastered the game. There are 250 levels, three difficulty levels, and three endless modes to test your might in.Simple Controls- The game itself makes fun of it's title (Check the first earned achievement). But seriously, the fact that you only need two buttons to play this game is a huge bonus. It's perfect for when you just want to lay back and relax. Put your feet on the desk and play with your mouse. Or load this game on you laptop and use A/D while bored on the go. It is an excellent  time killer, too!The Cons:No Steam Cloud- I really wished this had Steam Cloud, as it relies on character development, unlocking skills that are spread on the map, keeping an overall score of all your progress, etc. Forgetting to backup before a drive format, or not being able to link your save from your PC / Laptop is a real bummer.Visuals- There is no way to change the resolution and to some extent you can see slight stretching if playing in fullscreen. There are no settings whatsoever, too. Also, I can't decide whether to like the fact that it looks like a run-of-the-mill online flash game or not. It fits the game nicely, but just a personal preference - would have been nice to have a more minimalist look to it, without so many randomly coloured textures everywhere.ConclusionThis is a really nice game and definitely deserves the rating it received. It's cheap, and it's a game that offers simple, mindless fun and a skill test. Buy with confidence!If you enjoyed this review and want to see more of my work,consider joining my groupandfollow my curatorpage! Link to the right!Jad's List - Curator Group"
,Recommended,264200,13449335,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Urah,Two buttonsYes you read well: TWO buttons.TWODOS2!!!Throw away your fancy mouse with 10 useless distracting interactions.Prepare your fingers and get ready for thebest funsinceYie Ar Kung Fu!
,Recommended,264200,9340207,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,krayzkrok,"Everyone, buy this game now. What do you mean, what kind of review is that? Ok, ok...First, I've played this game for hours when it was released on Desura. I know a bit about this game. One Finger Death Punch is a brawler; it's just you against hordes of opponents. If you hate brawlers, or this genre in general, I have news for you. OFDP is not one of those games. It's a game about timing. You use your mouse (or, if you're a sucker for punishment, a controller) and click either the left button or the right button. That's it. That's the entire game right there. Except, until you actually play the game, you won't realise just how incredibly well realised this simple control system actually is. Enemies approach from the left and right of the screen, with you in the center, and when they move into range you have to put them down in the most bad♥♥♥♥♥kung-fu way possible. To achieve this, you click the left or the right mouse button depending on whether the opponent is on your left or your right. Your fist / foot connects with your opponents head / chest in a suitably bone-crunching manner, and you feel good. And it continues like this, getting slowly faster and faster, and increasingly insane, until you realise you have a huge grin on your face and you're kung-fu fighting like a master. Rarely has such a simple game offered such empowerment and the simple joy of looking awesome. It's also the closest many of us will likely come to a pure zen state of concentration.There's more to it that that, with different enemy types that require different combinations to defeat, a variety of weapons to use (melee and ranged), a selection of power-ups that become increasingly important on the later, more difficult levels, and a variety of different game styles from straight-up mob action to laser sword rounds and mono colour rounds. The game just keeps throwing new and inventive stuff your way, and that grin rarely leaves your face. I won't spoil some of the better surprises, but there are quite a few.So yes, buy this game and play it, and if you don't like it then you're probably already dead, or something."
76561198043407355,Recommended,264200,16541558,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Escapistfish,This game was fun while sober.  There is no higher accolade.
,Recommended,264200,33046017,Posted: 30 June,all,Azatis,"So much action and excitement while you playing with one hand / two mouse buttons. One of the most simple yet amazingly addictive action/martial arts  indie/mobile like games i ever played. Definitly this has to be in your collection with one way or another.This game will test your reflexes and observation big time. In the end of each stage youll get a satisfaction like few games  of this caliber can give you with the simpliest  controls you can think of. Dont let that deceive you though, game is not as easy as it sounds. It has the right difficulty curve as it progress to give you a challenge.Great music and overall sound design along with very simple yet satisfying graphics. Very fun modes and above all VERY FUN gameplay design.   When Bruce Lee meats Ninjas you have One Finger Death Punch. Imagine that and buy the game."
76561197963600815,Recommended,264200,24062138,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,o.O | Whoopsy,I clicked away this game a few times in my recommondation queue. Big mistake. My personal highlight of the summer sale
,Recommended,264200,29714263,Posted: 5 February,all,potterman28wxcv,"Gameplay crazy simple and yet challenging and very entertaining. Two mouse buttons, you press LMB to attack left, RMB to attack right. The rest is just a question of timing. So it's a very simple game.. But so satisfying !! When you manage to time right your actions and you end up blasting the face of 3 men while shooting an arrow to 2 of them and in the meantime you throw a weapon killing the rest of themVery fun gamemodes, stupid to learn,very challengingand hard to not quit.The only reason that made me stop playing this game last night is that my fingers started to hurt. It's maybe the first time in my life I'm playing a game that actually gives me cramps. But heh, I've been doing Kung Fu all night, so that was to be expected I guess.I really recommend this game - it's low price, small size (only 250 MB to download), and you will have tons of fun with it."
76561198046565259,Recommended,264200,9490012,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Skull Leader V1,"Holy crap this game is simple and utterly challenging at the same time.  Hard to believe it uses only two buttons (Keyboard, mouse or controller are all supported).  With this simplistic control scheme you might expect the game to get old but no sir!The genius behind this game really shines through with intense action, detailed graphics (yes they are stick figures but the backgrounds alone are really well done) and amazingly smooth action.I can not recommend this enough!!"
,Recommended,264200,32818966,Posted: 26 June,all,Corvo Attano,10/10 really addicting. Combat is easy to learn but hard to master. Would recommend
76561198035059977,Recommended,264200,28653148,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,This...IS...BACON!,"You know those old Newgrounds animations where it's one stickman kicking the crap out of a bunch of other stickmen?This game is that, except you're controlling the stickman who's doing all the♥♥♥♥♥kicking.'Nuff said."
,Recommended,264200,18574166,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Pinballwiz45b,"Holy crap, this game is amazing. Get it. Now.And maybe shove a cat out of the way several times."
76561198138448793,Recommended,264200,31633519,Posted: 8 May,all,Personman the dude,Newgrounds: The Game
,Recommended,264200,32908519,Posted: 27 June,all,Milestrong,"I'll be honest- when I first got this game, I didn't really expect too much. It was cheap, it was simple, and it was offline, which meant I could play it whenever I wasn't playing my favorite online games.When I finally started playing however, it felt amazing. It's fast paced and exciting, and is enough to keep you at the edge your seat, which is pretty amazing for a game where the only two buttons you need is your left and right mouse buttons.The graphics may only be stick figures, but the animations are smooth and well crafted, and hitting enemies with a giant mace just feels really satisfying in my opinion."
76561198106814532,Recommended,264200,14123756,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Dave Grohal Nefesh,Is it just me or you need two fingers to play this?
,Recommended,264200,9878761,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Vash(88),"One Finger Death Punch is not simply an ""awesome game,"" it is perfection in a pure and simple form.  OFDP does not try to do anything that this type of game shouldn't do, and that is why it works so damn well.  In a game where the player is given two buttons, that's right, TWO, there is no room for error.  The execution of the combined game-play elements must be perfect -- and they are!  Each fight will have the player begging for more.The game-play is fast paced and beautifully balanced.  There is no drawn-out tutorial, but everything that the player needs to know is explained before or as it is needed.  The rate in which the game increases in difficulty is awesome!  The game will adjust the challenge so that the player is always being pushed to the limit without making it too hard to enjoy.I almost never bring up music in a review; however, the music in this game will set the pace and the mood for the combat!  It blends together gloriously -- turn it up!I am proud to support an indi game like this one.  My hat  is off to the devs of this game.  Every gaming PC in the world should have this game installed on it!  Yes -- It is that good.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=250389007"
,Recommended,264200,9332711,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,DMN|DeeEmmSee,"I've played a little of the demo a while back and I thought it had potential. Now that the full game's released I can safely say that it was the correct assumption. Although it has the look of a typical Silver Dollar Games game, the gameplay is really engaging, albeit repetitive in some cases. The speed up feature is a very good addition as it keeps you on your toes as you progress, and with a low learning curve it perfectly transitions for later parts in the game."
76561198047020225,Recommended,264200,29687091,Posted: 4 February,all,AK Goober,Possibly the most fun I've ever had with one hand.
,Recommended,264200,9335142,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,[Keksdose],"I first discovered this game on XBLIG, while being on a party with friends. We all tried it and we all thought this game was awesome and quite refreshing in its genre.After returning home I informed myself about the game on PC and XBox, greenlit it on Steam and bought it on Desura.The story mode is really hard to master on all three modes, but never gets boring - and that really surprised me, because games in this genre get boring really fast due to the repetition of several elements of the game.Once I started playing it, I wasn't able to stop. ""One more level"" kicked in really fast and at the end it changed to ""Just play all through"".After finishing all difficulty modes, one can still master all levels to perfection and rank himself in the survival mode, connected to a overall playing score.To put it all together:It is quick, easy to learn, hard to master and entertaining for a long time. To me it doesn't get boring at all, the motivation of ranking up to best players is there everytime.See on you the next big tournament, OFDP!_______________________This is the review I posted on Desura months ago. I still agree to everything I said and the game just got better.Introducing global highscores, several little new features and bugfixes, One Finger Death Punch is ranking up in the ladder of awesome games, crushing its way.If you think you could like the game, after seeing the screenshot - go and get it! You won't be disappointed, I promise.(^_^)"
,Recommended,264200,16561972,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Luke ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),This game unleashed my inner Chinese.10/10 would unleash again.
,Recommended,264200,9493321,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Chixdiggit,"A typical combo in One Finger Death Punch goes something like doing a round house, sliding into a punch, into a turn side kick, picking up a staff, multiple cross strikes with staff, vaulting with staff into a flying side kick, grabbing a bow, taking out multiple enemies from a distance and finishing it with impaling somebody on a spear. Most games would force you to memorize complicated button sequences but in this game it’s all with two buttons. You don’t even have to move a mouse or a thumb stick, just two buttons.Can something so simple as a two button game be fun? In this case, yes. The game requires timing and focus as button mashing will make you die an agonizing death. I find myself in a trance like state playing this game. It seems at times that your fingers are reacting faster than your brain can comprehend what is going on the screen. It's almost like using a sixth sense. Great game at a great price! Reccomended!http://youtu.be/m5Q5t4dcLT8"
76561197960802201,Recommended,264200,9601929,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,sah dude,"a simple concept full of depth, replayability, and most of all fun.  perfect your scores and test your reflexes as you romp through the challenges with a smile on your face.  dont let the archaic graphics fool you.  this game is the ugly girl with the pork chop around her neck and you are the hungry dog.  the speed and responsiveness combined with spot on sound assets and that arcade feel make this game an absolute blast to play.  if you have any interest whatsoever in martial arts films then buy  this without hesitation.  buy it anyway because theres no way in hell you wont like it."
,Recommended,264200,26984006,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WoolyBug,"2 Buttons. Two little buttons is all it takes to make a game that testsyour skill, frustration, and determination.Amazingly this little gem is just that,a gem in a sea of the unwashed masses of garbage.No fancy graphics, no massive concert of songs or music,no decisions or morals, just punching the daylights of out bad guys.You have the choice of keyboard (left right mouse buttons)or an Xbox controller with X and B buttons.Super fluid and satisying punching, kicking and kicking butt with justTWO LITTLE BUTTONS.It's quick, fun and makes you feel like a geniune bad-a** when youget your pattern down and you're dropping 4 guys a second.I voted it as one of the games that you just say ""Aww, just 5 more minutes""and the next thing you know, it's 4 hours later.A game that reminds you of what games are supposed to be:fun, engaging and it makes you want to improve your score.A solid 8 out of 10 in general gaming scores and a 10/10 for this genre of game.Worth the asking price and more."
,Recommended,264200,16855296,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Sleepies,"Simpler is better! Another 2 buttons masterpiece after DivekickGood:- Really tense and satisfied speed battle- Great music and sound effects- Nice Skills advantage the player just in right amount- Weapon system is fun and bring more violent fight- Good variation of rounds- Stickman Fatality!- Want to learn Chinese Kung Fu after playedBad:- Character model, quite pity that just one step left to become a bigger hit title- Light Saber is little arkward with game world settingScore: 85/100"
76561198154912826,Recommended,264200,20311480,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ADRNTESPDR,"I'm ashamed to say I judged One Finger Death Punch by its cover. I saw all the positive reviews and comments, but I just couldn't accept that this game was that good. I'm so glad I bought it anyway. It's not often I play a game just for its gameplay, but I couldn't stop playing One Finger Death Punch. The name is fitting, because that's pretty much what it does to your time if you're not careful. This is a game that has such great and clever mechanics at work that it doesn't need anything else to deliver an amazing experience.One Finger Death Punch brings a staggering level of depth to the table. That's surprising, because all you need to play the game are your two mouse buttons. This may seem dull at first, but it's not long before the game starts throwing in more mechanics to spice things up. For instance, enemies will sometimes drop weapons upon death that you can pick up to extend your reach. That's nice since the game quickly starts throwing different enemies at you requiring several button presses rather than just the one. The thrill of mastering there different enemy types and ripping through dozens of foes in an epic, bloody spectacle of glory is thrilling. The game's difficulty scales with your performance, so the more you win the faster it gets, while a loss will slow things down a bit so you can keep up. There are also several different types of battles you can engage in, varying from simple mob fights to rounds where you fights off dozens of enemies with a light sword (not a saber) with a raging inferno blazing in the background.Don't concern yourself with the game's length either, because it will take several hours just to beat the 'student' difficulty of level mode. There are two more difficulty modes that come after along with survival modes to test your skill in. I've beaten the 'student' difficulty and have made some progress in the next difficulty up, but I still find it immensely fun to go back to easier levels and perfect my technique. If you love a simple game that you can sit down and play for a bit or 4 hours straight, then pick up One Finger Death Punch. I may have gotten it half off, but I would gladly pay full price for a game this exciting and long."
,Recommended,264200,33960545,Posted: 1 August,all,Xeon,"I was looking for a game under $5 to use a Steam Wallet code on and after a bit of searching I found this. Was pretty skeptical of buying it as it seemed repetitive and a little boring but the extremely positive reviews of the game convinced me to buy it, and I must say, It's a blast. If you want to kill time or just have a great and satisfying experience, this game will satisfy you.10/10 Recommend"
,Recommended,264200,32177511,Posted: 4 June,all,★ Guiscard,"A charmingly cheesy game, mixing the oriental voice acting and art style of 80's/90's martial arts movies with incredibly tight controls to give you some brutal bite-sized levels. Super slick animations, satisfying combat, incredible variety, and tonnes of content - oh, and the soundtrack does this game credit. The devs took the concept of a 2-button fighter and perfected it - expect later levels to get to bullet-hell levels of intestine-pulverizingly tricky.Buy it, that is all - a review as concise as the game it describes."
76561198070299208,Recommended,264200,15760184,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Hollow Bastian,"Sometimes, you just want to beat someone up. You get home from work or school (or both), you're tired, stressed out, and you need something to help you release some steam. Since us humans are sadistic sons of b's, one of the best way for us to deal with stress is by causing as much pain as physically possible upon others. And that is where ""One Finger Death Punch"" kicks in!""One Finger Death Punch"" is a martial arts Beat-Em-Up (kind of) developed and published by Silver Dollar Games. Prior to this game, the company had areallybad record of Xbox Live Arcade games that were just complete, utter garbage! And if you check outtheir website, you'd think that there's just no way these people will ever make anything good! But then, in one final attempt to save themselves from being cast into an abyss of doom, they put itallon this game. And that was the smartest thing they could have ever done.Let's talk about the story of ""One Finger Death Punch"": ... Moving on!You can tell that this game ran on a tight budget during development, so Silver Dollar Games had to make the best out of what very little they had, and it came together majestically. All the characters in this game are simple stick figures, perhaps only differentiated by colors and a few accessories, but that worksgreatlyin the game's favor. No enemy coming to screen will distract you with any kind of extravagant design, so you can always focus on the next thing that requires your attention. Your character is also just a standard stick figure, but thanks to the camera putting him / her in the dead center of the screen, you'll never confuse your character with an enemy. All the props blend in with the background, and when they break from someone crashing into them, they serve to add to the impact of every hit. And speaking of impact, every single attack you deliver (or receive) hasa lotof weight behind it. Every single attack really gives the illusion that you just beat someone's s*** in, and it isglorious!Despite the fact that the HUD takes up a large portion of the screen, it doesn't actually interrupt your game because it has its own dedicated spot, unlike most HUD's that are just slapped somewhere on your screen. The game's visuals are simple, but come together to immerse the player into the experience beautifully!It's called ""One Finger Death Punch"" because you legitimately only need one finger to play this game. All you have to do is click the left or right mouse button (or keyboard / gamepad if you so desire) that corresponds to the direction of the enemies approaching you. If I had to summarize the gameplay of ""One Finger Death Punch"" in one word, it'd be ""precise."" This is possiblythemost responsive game I have played in my life, more so than even the greatest rhythm games out there (reminder: this isnota rhythm game). Each and every single action you make will either reward you or punish you. The game is in complete favor of skill, and if you think you can just spam your way to victory, youwilldie; if you fail, it's your fault and your fault alone. As you continue playing through the levels, you will unlock special skills that will aid you in battle, but it's clear that all of these skills are optional; they help a lot, but if you want to challenge yourself even more by not using any skills, you're more than welcome to. Other than your fists, you've also got an arsenal of melee weapons and projectiles that you can obtain from beating enemies or from the level itself. As you continue playing, the game will speed up or slow down depending on how well you've performed. By nature, this game is fast-paced, but it can getludicrouslyfast if it thinks you're good enough. And if you are good enough, sir or madam, I tip my hat to you. Loading times are also more-or-less non-existent, so you don't have to worry about having to wait to get back in the action. There's very little strategy - it's all about your skill and reflexes.Dat. Soundtrack.It's actually royalty free. However, that doesn't retract from how incredibly well the music mixes in with all the stages, getting you mad-pumped for the high-speed, brutal action that is about to commence. The sound effects of the game feel like they're straight-out of a classic kung-fu film, and they're awesome! Each attack has a fitting sound effect, adding even more oomph to every strike. There is also one voice actor (outside of grunts and moans) in this game, and that is your kung-fu master. He sounds very stereotypical and cheesy, but that all, again, just adds to the experience.All of ""One Finger Death Punch's"" features come together to make you feel like aGOD.It is over-the-top, fast, addicting, and all-around an amazing game. Not only that, but this game also serves as an example for many gaming companies: youcanmake a good game, regardless of how much trash you've made in the past. Silver Dollar Games redeemed themselves from their sins with this master piece of a product, and I want to see more companies follow their steps! I whole-heatedly, 100% recommend this game. It should run perfectly fine on any normal computer, and it's only $5! If this seems like your type of game, do not even for a second hesitate to buy it!"
76561198080111178,Recommended,264200,16514217,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DavDav,"Easy to play, hard to master.Just make sure you don't broke your mouse or gamepad while trying to master this game."
,Recommended,264200,22578316,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,The Law,"Stupidly satisfying.  Even though you're only pressing two buttons, you feel like a ninja while playing this.  I don't know how they fit this much depth into a two-button game, but somehow you actually find yourself improving drastically over time.It's awesome, and makes you feel awesome."
,Recommended,264200,26921956,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tempest56,"Simple. Straight-forward. Frustrating in the best ways. With a huge number of stages, multiple gimmicks to mix things up and easy-to-learn-hard-to-master gameplay, One Finger Death Punch is one of the best indie deals out there."
,Recommended,264200,9691514,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Bew1977,"Incredible. It manages to take simple gameplay and take it to a whole new level.  Challenging, but you never feel like it's the games fault if you fail. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,264200,23283183,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,110Percent,"I'm gonna be completely honest here.This is one of the best, most fun, and most satisfying games I have ever played.As you can imagine, One Finger Death Punch consists of a stickman, controlled by you, that beats up, stabs, impales, explodes, launches, and maims other stickmen left and right.Without further ado, I'll list off some of the best aspects of the game:Coolness FactorThis game is cool. There. I said it.You know those games that look incredibly cool when you see that guy playing it, or one of your friends playing it, and you think ""wow, that's really cool!"" This is one of those games.The response time this game requires of you is incredible, and probably 95% of it is played directly off reflexes. You can perfectly pull off a light-speed fist fight with someone and have no idea how you did it afterward.It's ChaoticThis game isINCREDIBLYchaotic.There's so much happening on the screen at the same time it can get difficult to see what's going on.However, it's never too much to make you go ""Damn, I can't see a thing on the freakin' screen!""You will get random effects when you kill people. Eyeballs will fly, ribs will crack, people will go flying only to be impaled by their own weapons as they fall, and other incredible deaths, all in slow-motion.But you know what? It all fits perfectly with the gameplay. It's not disctracting from your main goal.SatisfactionThis game issosatisfying.One Finger Death punch is a game you can play for hours on end because it's just so fun to play.I cannot even describe to you how satisfying it is to finish a level after defeating 150 enemies. You feel like a god. You just want to play more. It's so perfect.I'm sure there are a million more pros to this game I could name off, but you'd have to see them for yourself by playing the game. It's only Five Dollars (Canadian), and it's even less when it goes on sale.This is a definite recommendation for anyone; casual or intense gamer."
,Recommended,264200,12766535,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Luna Luck,"The game is really simple and easy to get into. Also helps hand eye coordination a bit I think. The various enemies that come at you as the game goes along get harder to deal with but helps you learn new strategies for taking them down regardless. Fun and simple game, would reccomend picking up this game whether it is at full price or discount."
,Recommended,264200,18052437,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Pandaman!,"""Every Press Matters! DO NOT BUTTON MASH!""I've never mashed harder in my life."
,Recommended,264200,9333713,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Tambi,"I can't say enough good things about this. It's basically Kung-Fu Quicktime, but in the best way possible. Stick figure fighting and the only buttons you press are left and right mouse buttons. When you get the rhythm down, it flows perfectly. Also, the music from the trailer is great. On top of that, it's cheap!"
,Recommended,264200,9337679,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Dee,"This game is SimpleThis game isCrazyThis game isStupid Awesome[/b]Give this game a shot while it's on sale. If not, still give this game a shot. It's a good game to pass time and get all the highscores, plus who doesn't like stickman combat?"
,Recommended,264200,9346704,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,OkcRanger,"One Finger Death Punch is one of those rare games that are deceptively simple.  You read only two buttons? How on earth could I get into that..  Then hours later you're still playing.  If there is any game that is good for practicing ""zen mode"" gaming like for fighting games or shooting games its this game.  It's easy to blank your mind and just perfect round after round.I usually don't buy games on Steam that I already own on Xbox, but this one is totally worth the price.The amount of gameplay for a few bucks is a good deal in my book.Good:  Tons of content and suprisingly deep gameplay.Good: Practice for other rhythem or fighting games.Bad: Well, the graphics are very simple. Could you imagine this with high end graphics? Omg."
,Recommended,264200,9357720,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,"Dr. Ted ""Crazy Legs"" Nelson","Amazingly fun action game with a strong ""just one more level"" component. Use the left and right mouse buttons to kill incoming enemies - what starts out simple becomes increasingly hectic, and good reflexes and target prioritization become crucial. Several game modes and skills you can swap in and out for your fighter help keep things interesting. Furthermore, the animated action that you inflict is great fun to watch, as your fighter kicks, flips, punches, impales and executes opponents (complete with several different fighting styles, x-ray strikes, slow motion and dramatic zooms) in full stick-fighter glory. This game is a steal for the asking price, as far as I'm concerned."
,Recommended,264200,25083040,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,cvanroekel,"Seems way too simple at first, but don't let this little gem pass you by.It's highly engaging and addictive. Like poker, a minute to learn a lifetime to master. Easy to jump in and out for those with little time to spend.My only request would be more replay buttons accessible. For example, on the round win screen, round fail screen, etc. We all know we're going for perfection here. Why delay it by going back to the main screen and having to confirm your replay TWICE to replay a level. In a game where EVERY click matters, it seems like two too many.9/10"
,Recommended,264200,10968628,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Seitan's Fingers,Being in the zone on this game is basically no different than mainlining heroin
,Recommended,264200,23651128,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Evaheist,"Probably the most stylish 2-button video game I've ever played. Truly feels like a rush to play and it's highly addictive and super challenging when it picks up steam but it has its downfalls as well:- Not 100% responsive. Occassionally, your mouse presses are ignored (specially when the slow-mo kicks in) and lead to getting hit.- No Restart stage keyboard shortcut you have to use the mouse (which is quite irritating)- The developers haven't even bothered themselves to add an Exit to windows button to any of the menus- By playing this game you increase the chance of ****ing up your mouse buttons by at least 400%If One finger Death punch wasn't so damn fun and perfect for small doses of time I would have had a hard time recommending it but it definitely is. Has a ton of stages to play through and master as well as some perks to buy and medals to earn.Get it.[EDIT] So I've been playing this game for a few more hours and I can definitely say that it has technical bugs. Every few rounds, I get a framerate hiccup just enough so that my mouse presses aren't registered for around 1 sec.Also, the crap restart button you need to press with the mouse every time to restart the level isn't even available in some of the challenge levels. You actually have to back out into the world map and restart the level from there.So far, I can definitely call these guys one of the laziest developers I've encountered. The game mechanics are fine and fun but everything built around them is more or less under-developed.Still would recommend it on a sale though."
,Recommended,264200,20503997,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,「Desu Desu」,"Worth playing it, the game is very awesome specially the reflexes you can see, very easy cotroll just clicker the mouse Left or Right. You can either use the Arrow keys.The higher the speed, the harder will be, but you'll feel the intense."
,Recommended,264200,9332875,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Kesha Hatez You,"One Finger Death Punch is a great game. I highly recommend this game especially with a price like this you can't pass up on it! Very fast pace and the stylish combos. Tons of items and power-ups. Survival modes and just a heads up this isn't a game you can't button mash your way through. As you progress in the game it gets much more hectic and alot more addicting.Overall rating i would give it would be an 8/10. So far there isn't any downsides to the game unless you want to count lack of trading cards but even with something like, that it still doesn't ruin the game. A very fun and addicting single player action game all around and you can be as stylish as you may with the games."
,Recommended,264200,13718089,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BladeTwinSwords,"Length of Time Played: 13.5 HoursDistance Played: Finished Student Mode and SurvivalsPersonal Grade: AOpinion of Each Aspect:Grading System - Outstanding, Excellent, Good, Acceptable, Poor, Horrendous, AbysmalGameplay: ExcellentControls: OutstandingDifficulty: OutstandingStability: ExcellentSounds: ExcellentGraphics: AcceptableMusic: AcceptableStory: N/ANotes: + (Positives), = (Small Gripes), - (Negatives)+ Addicting fun that requires only two buttons and your reaction time+ Slowly escalating difficulty keeps the game from becoming too boring or unfair+ Tons of Power-Ups to assist you on your journey+ Survival modes are a great way to extend the playtime+ No Luca, NO!+ Who doesn't enjoy beating up stick figures+ Cheesy kung-fu music completes the package= Some of the Power-Ups are rather useless= The breakable objects and background can get in the way sometimes= The survival achievements are a tad extreme- Enemy thrown weapons are very hard to see since they blend in sometimes- The ball of death can screw you over by getting in the way"
,Recommended,264200,24833266,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Ness1228,"Usually when someone says ""You can play this game with one hand, and there's lots of beating involved"", it implies something completely different."
,Recommended,264200,9384411,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,nemo da fish,"This game. I can't remember if I have played anything similar like this before. It could be considered bizzare, how something such as this can be so fun, yet also deceptively simple, but challenging.One Finger Death Punch is a game that soley relies on your eye and reflex coordination skills, a trait that is usually found in only small time flash or mobile games, which are usually not exactly known to be anything more than they are expected to be.And I'd be lying if I told you One Finger Death Punch didn't look like one of them, but the amount of fun potential in this game will make you not even care.It's one the best games that I have bought on Steam for under five dollars (it's on sale right now too!), so if you are eager to get yourself hooked onto a new game, I'd definitely recommend you to pick this one up."
,Recommended,264200,9356844,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Dave Tacitus,"As a pure gaming experience, I've not played anything better in a long time. Once you get into a groove you find you're not even focussing on the screen properly, somehow looking through it, as you ride the pace of the game.Mess things up and you're chasing your tail, trying to get your internal Zen Mode back.Cracking little game and if you enjoy it, might I suggest trying Intake? It's cut from the same cloth. ;-)"
,Recommended,264200,30461848,Posted: 11 March,all,Princess Bubblegum,"The game is amazing, I love fighting games and I'm surprised how 2 buttons (left and right) can make a great game like this.The effects... the moves... I really loved everything and IT'S CHEAP! (I bought on sale and gifted a friend)Everybody should have this in library to bring some action for boring moments ;3"
,Recommended,264200,18589396,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,RaptoR,The simplicity of this game makes it wonderful: the learning curve is not too steep but it can be challenging after a while. It can also become boring after playing for some time when the difficulty starts getting higher. Offers well enough content and replay value for the price!
76561198120632907,Recommended,264200,33492931,Posted: 12 July,all,Bob & Weave,"One Finger Death PunchPros:+ Lots Of Levels+ Skills+ Awesome Graphics+ Simple To Learn, Hard To Master+ Makes You Feel Like A BOSSCons:- Rage Quits- Some Of The Achievements Are Too GrindyReviewOne Finger Death Punch ironically takes two fingers to play. It starts off pretty easy, but the game picks up very quickly after the first levels. It gets kind of complex especially in blind survival mode. If you do not have good recation time this game will be a real struggle for you. All you need is to use the left and right mouse button to be able to take down armies. It's a game that you can play for a couple of minutes to a couple of hours. This game can make you feel indestructible, and other times it can make you feel like a sloth. There is plenty of content for the price, but when it's on sale it's a steal. I recommend this game to people who enjoy a face paced fighting game.This was Curated for PC Beta Gaming if you would like to follow us the link is below:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/PC-BetaG#curationOnce we have a 100 followers on our group there will be a game giveaway, but only the followers have a chance to win.If you liked this review please give it a thumbs up. If you disliked the review leave comment and tell me why. Thank you for reading my review. If you would like to see more of my reviews the link is below:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120632907/recommended/?p=1"
,Recommended,264200,22471778,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Nordek,"I havn't played much, to be brutally honestHowever...MyLogitech Hyperion Furymouse promised me about 40-50,000 clicks before I would notice any effect on its quality. In the time I have spent on this game already, I would have easily surpassed that amount. I noticed somethingI noticed that nothing had happenedThis game made me realise that sometimes things dont live up to our expectations. Sometimes theysurpassthem.Thats what this game did"
76561198069283620,Recommended,264200,32843254,Posted: 26 June,all,prince of albania,"This is a game designed for badasses, by badasses, and aims to do one thing and one thing only - Be 100% utterly and completely badass. It has 1 job and it does that job magnifloriously.If you consider this game and you aren't considering it for the pure badassitude then i recommend you just rethink your purchase.If you want to feel like a total ninja slaying, weapon mastering, skill unlockening, karate honing, one-finger-death-punching badass then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,264200,33076731,Posted: 1 July,all,Sam,"awesome game great fun, really good to play in class since it's offline and u can just use arrow keys. would recommend!"
76561198006235277,Recommended,264200,34122764,Posted: 9 August,all,Fimbulvinter,"TL;DR: Stick Figures beat each other to death. what's not to love?One Finger Death Punch is the perfect example of the easy to learn, impossible to master ethos. A game built around a singlular gameplay mechanic that is done to perfection. There is no extraneous fluff to distract you, only this one core concept that will keep bringing you back in.The entire game revolves around the use of just two buttons to control your character. All attacks, item pickups, etc are controlled by a single press in either the left or right directions. This makes the game simple to learn the basics of; everything boils down to patience and timing. The animations are top notch and will have you feeling like a kung fu master from the first punch.With hundreds of levels to work your way through, multiple mission types and an adaptive difficulty setting that alters itself in real time based on how good you are, there is plenty to do in this game. The core gameplay is so satisfying that it never feels stale. You'll always want to play another level or two, or ten.I can't reccomend this title enough."
,Recommended,264200,10984313,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Friz,Awesome game. Challenging and fast paced. Over 150 achievements. Easy game to just pick up and play when you only have 5 minutes. Looks like it has a good amount of content too.
76561198252770974,Recommended,264200,23304436,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,fafe.ac,"When you only got one last hit and the Heaven Golden Sword fall down to you, epic music start and then ""Luca STOP!"". That the 5 star moment. Enyone please try to play until you unlock No Luca No Survival mode this is dang hilarious."
,Recommended,264200,9349889,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,$!||y,"For the price, this game is awesome!"
,Recommended,264200,12005459,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,doombo,"Stretched fingers. Very funny game, but for amateur. 7,5/10 ma!"
,Recommended,264200,10480603,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,AUSTINTACIOUS,"This game is so good! Extremely addictive!! For such a basic game this is so much fun and really tests your skills and co-ordination. It is visually impressive, absolutely on the money when it comes to being responsive and is just all out crazy. You must have this in your library. However, I will say that it can also be extremely frustrating if you are looking to get those perfect combos all the time. It's not easy! 10/10 for this one."
76561198008831151,Recommended,264200,9340477,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,A Stranger Like No Other,"Great game! It totally feels like a beat'em all, even though you only use one button at a time and you cannot move (though you technically do move by bashing people). The graphics may not look much, but the animation is wonderful.  There is some stylish feeling to the game that makes you feel awesome in killing mobs in every way possible."
,Recommended,264200,18233355,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Lazy Sunday Afternoon,A game you can turn on anytime and have an amazing time with. It's as simple as game can get and as satisfying and badass as a game can be.
,Recommended,264200,18436543,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,VOTC,Best 2.50$ I've ever spent! Such a simple game but really fun and extremely addicting. Highly recommand to anyone who enjoys fast pace games
,Recommended,264200,9334812,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Belsameth,"Just a quick note after about an hour of play. While seemingly simple, its surprisingly deep for a game only requiring two buttons. There's a certain beauty to rythmically tearing stick guys appart in the most gory way possible.But really, which starts out as just ""click left or right, where the enemy is"" quickly becomes almost a click based dance as other enemies are introduced (the blue dodges the first attack and needs another hit to the other side, the green requires two hits, to give a few examples). All this is displayed in simplistic but beautifully fluid animations to help you reach almost a Zen like state of clicking.10/10 would buy again :p"
,Recommended,264200,16880707,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Nystul,"This game is a DISTINCTLY good value.One Finger Death Punch personifies the phrase ""a minute to learn, a lifetime to master."" With only two buttons, it would seem at first glance that OFDP is a simple, easy game to play, but as you get better and progress you will see that simple does not mean easy. This is an excellent action game that requires (and builds) lightning reflexes. It's also incredibly gratifying to play. Go ahead, pay a couple dollars. It's well worth it."
,Recommended,264200,29666794,Posted: 3 February,all,Kromhell,"This game is great, really 10/10. Simple and fun, two buttons, hundreds of missions. Got this game from a bundle, not expecting much, but wow, it really impressed me.Just one sidenote, It'd be great if it supported Steam Cloud.Thx for this game!"
76561198050827798,Recommended,264200,11134787,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Smigg,"For the price it's hard to find a game that offers as much fun as this, it's simple, addictive and freaking awesome!"
76561198013658336,Recommended,264200,24659093,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Hfar,There are litterally only two inputs in this game: left mouse button and right mouse button.  And yet it is one of the most pulse pounding action games I have ever played.  The gameplay is fluid and fast paced and really makes you feel like a martial arts god.  Yet the difficulty curve is well balanced to let you get up to speed in the early game yet still present a challenge in the later game.  And there are enough different game modes within the main game alone that you won't get bored soon.
,Recommended,264200,16722078,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"This game seems to be inspired by Kung-Fu films. You first learn to use the incredibly simple mechanics of martial arts choreography which requires only a mouse. There is no keyboard to consider for any part of the game. It is all about learning how to use the left and right mouse buttons as a stick figured man fight other stick figured people, usually gray in color. This is what I would call an easy game to learn, but hard to master. It requires plenty of practice and there are enough levels that would encourage you to practice a lot.You begin in the middle of the map fighting stick figured enemies left and right. The commands of when to hit either the left or right mouse button appear at the below you and feel like musical notes that you must hit accurately in order to KO your opponents. Pressing the left mouse button will result in a quick kick and your character will move to the left automatically. There are some enemies, however, who will require several successive hits to bring them down. They tend to be stick figured non-gray colored enemies who may be colored green, brown, yellow, or pink. This is when your martial arts abilities are truly tested. You will view commands to hit those enemies a few times before they suddenly jump to the other side and you will view more commands to hit them a few more times, all while they may be striking you. It’s so tricky because one miss may lead to sudden defeat at the hands of the non-gray, more powerful stick figured men. Enemies with crowns over their heads are the most challenging and brutal since they require the most hits and move the fastest.The speed of the martial arts combat starts at 100%, but it can increase if you are continuously successful. The speed of the combat can fall below 100% if you are getting knocked out too often. As you move around kicking♥♥♥♥♥ you may find some wood in the environment that you can use to break these enemies in dramatic fashion. In those instances, the game will pause to show the impact of the violence while the screen zooms you in for the greatest animation possible. Other times you will find weapons that you can use to kill the martial arts enemies more quickly. The combat can pause to show you how you impaled an enemy in savage and dramatic fashion. These animation scenes reduce the monotony of each map since each map does not look drastically different than other maps. I found it very satisfying when I threw the bouncing ball left and right to mow down all opponents in quick succession regardless of their strength.The number of maps in this game is enormous at around 250. As you progress, you can acquire skills that you can activate before entering a particular map. Only three skills can be activated at once and there are some maps that do not allow you to use any skills since they require special challenges. Some maps, known as defender rounds, require you to defend yourself against knives and one hit will end your game.There are medals awarded at the end of each level. Medals are awarded according to how many times you missed when striking your opponents. Medals come in platinum, gold, silver, and bronze. Platinum is the highest medal because you earn it only if you have no misses by the end of the map. No medal is earned if you complete a map with more than ten misses. Some maps that are mob rounds require you to defeat long lines of stick figured opponents in a limited period of time. This requires plenty of dexterity and very accurate timing to complete mob rounds in time. Other maps require you to fight a few rounds, with each round being faster than the previous. All rounds have to be completed without losing a life.Simply mashing buttons randomly and violently will not be enough because timing and muscle memory will be important to victory in each map. The narrator of the game sounds like a man with a heavy Asian accent. He sounds campy when providing you instructions on how to use your martial arts talents and when he provides encouragement when you die. His campy voice adds entertainment value to the game.I think One Finger Death Punch provides enough action, challenges, and entertainment value that would justify spending $5. It can eventually feel monotonous and repetitive to some players, but you can get more out of this game for $5 than you can get out of some games costing at least $20. It is easy to get into the game and learn how hone your martial arts skills, but be prepared to practice a lot if you want to master it.My Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,264200,11625338,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Bassam,"I love this game, the concept is so simple yet manages to be so damn fun at the same time. A brawler game at it's purest form. Get this game, it's cheap, fun and has a good amount of content for it's price tag."
,Recommended,264200,32976949,Posted: 29 June,all,UsedPopcorn,i LIEK 2 punck tings
,Recommended,264200,21128824,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Fherrera,"Best 2,50 i have spent in steam!"
,Recommended,264200,14878184,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Coconut Cream,Simple and challenging awesome indie game.
,Not Recommended,264200,22064317,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Sutalffa,"(For those anticipating that I just suck so I'm making excuses, know that I've completed 100/150 achievements for this game including 2m mastery points, 3k survival points, all 21 skills unlocked, and completed student mode.  No, I'm not the best at this, but I'm definitely skillful.  My review here comes from genuine frustration with game mechanics.  It is not a cop out for wondering why I'm no good.As another benchmark, understand that according to Steamspy, around 500,000 people have bought this game:http://steamspy.com/app/264200My ranking on the survival kill leaderboard is in 1,345th place.  That puts me in the top 1% of players who bought this.)This game has the same problem Street Fighter has - freeze frames. Whenever you hit an enemy, the game slows down, and if you do a super hit from knocking an enemy into the background, the game slows down for a little while. At first, this isn't much of a problem since you'll beat the levels anyway. However, you'll want to go back, get platinum medals, and be perfect. The left/right mechanic gets repetitive and you'll want an extra challenge, but overcoming that challenge isn't fair. The difficulty's fine, but the game just screws you up.  This is especially noticeable when fighting multi-hit enemies and getting interrupted.  You're learning what their colors stand for to instinctually press a button combo, but these freeze frames mess you up.  The game claims it's giving you a breather, but you don't want a breather.  The game deccelerates and reaccelerates which messes up your timing.This gets even worse when it comes to automatically picking up weapons, using weapons, and using abilities.  There are times when you're in the flow of things, but because you can't choose to ignore a weapon on the ground, can't choose when to use a weapon, and can't choose when to activate an ability, you have to adapt to your character's uncontrollable instincts.  It's kind of contradictory to the game's theme of discipline.  It'd be great if there was an options menu that let you customize your character's automation similarly to how you can choose which abilities to use.  The game could even let you hit the up and down buttons in addition to left and right to pick up/use weapons and use abilities.  Heck, there should be an option to activate or deactivate the freeze frames described above as well.Another thing the game lacks is a training mode.  Yes, you can play survival.  Yes, you can go to the level mode's nunchuck, lightsword, defender, speed, and weapon rounds.  However, you can't just play an unlimited mode where you set the game at a specific speed with specific enemies to play to your heart's content and plain old get better.  For example, maybe you're struggling with certain enemy types.  The only way you can practice is by playing against them.  There's no dojo where you can practice techniques over and over until you get good at them.I'm not saying the game needs a custom level designer, but it would be nice if you could practice against specific colored enemies, or just play on a random level generator where you plug in values for how often different enemy types come in.  Maybe I want to play against yellow enemies 20% of the time and pink enemies 10% of the time.  Maybe I want to see on average 10 enemies on the screen at a time.  Maybe I want to see 1/25 enemies as minibosses.  Maybe I want a weapon to show up once every 10 seconds.Regardless, the game doesn't let you do this.This is not a martial arts beat'em up. It's a martial arts movie beat'em up. The game tries to look flashy, and from a spectator's perspective, it's cool. From a player's perspective, it's annoying. Heck, as a player, you don't really pay attention to the flashy graphics anyway since you're focused on getting the right rhythm like a drummer does between his left and right drumsticks.Basically, imagine this game like being a drummer in a gig except you're accompanying a solo artist who improvises by slowing down and speeding back up again. Typically, the drummer is supposed to keep the beat, but now, the soloist is keeping the beat......and you can't practice before the gig.  The only practice you get is from playing gigs themselves which means you learn the hard way from the audience booing you out and not getting paid as much as you would have if you did.It's fun at first while you're learning to play, but once you've learned and want to apply it, you get frustrated and want to do something else."
,Recommended,264200,22277048,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ErickaUnlimited,"OverviewOne Finger Death Punch is a 2D fighting game by Silver Dollar games, originally being released for the XBOX360 in 2013 before making its way to the PC.One Finger Death Punch puts the player against rounds of enemies called ""Mob Rounds"" in game. The rounds differ in the size of waves, difficulty of enemies and various other premises, such as hit combos, weapon drops, changeable abilities, specialized rounds and boss battles. Fighting can be done with a simple two button configuration, one button corresponding left and the other to the right. Your mission is to defeat all the enemies before your health is depleted. You must hit the buttons in sequence to avoid taking damage. Each time you miss a button, or push the wrong one, the enemy will hit you.Despite only needing two buttons, , One Finger Death Punch supports both keyboard/mouse or controllers depending on your preference.The game has two modes: the main story and survival mode. The main campaign consists of ever-increasing rounds of enemies and, on occasion, different requirements depending on the level. Some examples of those requirements include: light sword battles, timed battles, boss fights, lightening rounds and more. Survival mode is just that: survive. The waves never stop until you're eventually defeated. Survival is broken up into three sub-categories: Regular, Blind and ""No Luca No"". The regular mode plays much like the main campaign, blind removes the hit indicators on the bottom of all enemies except those that have unique combos and ""No Luca No"" is regular, but you must swat away a black cat named ""Luca"" from blocking your screen. In all three modes, the speed at which the enemies come slowly increases as time goes by. There are also three difficulty modes both in story mode and in survival mode; student, master and grandmaster.As you traverse the main campaign, you'll unlock useful abilities, such as the ability to slow down enemies, earn health, extend the use of weapons...etc. You may select any three abilities at any given time and you can switch them before each level if you so desire. There is no penalty for changing abilities.One Finger Death Punch doesn't offer much more than that. It's a very straight forward game, but does the job well. It's simple in design, but offers quite a challenge for those looking to play on some of the harder difficulties. What I will say is that I'm not a huge fan of most fighting games, 2D or 3D, but I really loved this one. It feels very smooth, the combos, weaponry, and abilities fit seamlessly into what you're doing so there's not much need to stop and think about what to do next, which is good since there is very little time to do so. The game never felt like I lost due to cheap hits and could really tell when my skills were improving and that was the most enjoyable part for me.ProsVisuals (both combat & background) are well done.Combat movement is fluid and precise, even though you're fighting a bunch of stick figures.Controller support. I always played with one and it always worked fine. I used an XBOX & Logitech controller.Adjustable abilities to cater towards personal play styles.ConsRepetitive - The game can feel a bit ""samey"" after longer playthroughs, both in combat and in level design.Achievements - There are a ton and they are extremely grind heavy and difficult for those who hunt achievements.Overall, One Finger Death Punch is a great title. I enjoyed all the stick-on-stick violence and found it a nice game to blow off some steam or just to lose myself in for a little while. If you like 2D fighters, stick figures, or both, I recommend checking it out. It's a blast."
,Recommended,264200,10988663,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,⎛⎝xXZombi_PandaXx⎠⎞,Quick someone get my mother and tell her that i finally know kung-fu. This is the best kung-fu fighting game ever!! Though i fear the power of epicness will take over human minds.
,Recommended,264200,17174494,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Hyder,Great game!It would be nice if there was a mode where:-all abilities are active at the same time-you only fight question-mark enemies-your zone is infinitely long (a button mash mode)
76561198039407778,Recommended,264200,28750465,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Charlie,"This game is great and so satisfying with just stick figures and two buttons, until...Luca No! What's wrong with you... Oh my god..."
,Recommended,264200,9334205,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Lisarax5813,"Wonderfully fun game, Has 4 control options(no rebindable keys) beautifully gory, multiple game modes with story having you go through them all while slowly moving around a map. Very fluid combat. Recommend this highlyEdit:It doesnt advertise anything other than mouse buttons, it does have 3 other keyboard options that are viewable after hitting escape to pause the game. Didnt realize such when first playing and reviewing."
,Recommended,264200,9364916,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Dirk Pitt|FRS|,Awesome. Addcitive as crack!You are just playing this game with 2 buttons 2 BUTTONS but the difficulty and enjoyment is very high.Close the game music and put your own songs. Smash-slash-beat up anything coming at you!Tam bir STRES TOPU !
,Recommended,264200,10676251,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Th4ts_iT,"The Game bases on a simple idea. This idea is implemented well.If you think the concept is lame, I tell you it isn't.The game is fast, has nice features and can even make quite aggresive.And the price is really fair! I recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,264200,26920045,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,iPawk,Extremely satisfying.Endlessly enjoyable.
,Recommended,264200,9561346,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Dafuq,Don't judge a book by it's cover.10/10
,Recommended,264200,9498441,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,ggamer2,This game is the most fun you can have by pressing two buttons with your clothes on.
,Recommended,264200,22803859,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Aekuems,"One of the most satisfying games I've ever played.I really enjoyed:How easy this game is to pick up and hard to master.The tight and responsive controls.How everytime you fail it is your fault, but it doesn't feel down putting. Rather I felt compelled to best myself.The hectic, yet easy to follow combat.My only gripe, which is minor, is that the UI isn't really optimized for PC. But that's it, the rest it fantastic.Man this game is awesome."
76561198039931615,Recommended,264200,20515282,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,VɨngȾʂun,"An amaaazing game for everyone! Very dynamic, easy to understand, easy at the early stages, hard in the end game, your reaction time, making right moves and timings will best set on a hard test. Trying more and more with improve your natural abilities to react and think fast! Quite a bit of content, many achievements, 3 difficulties where the last one is hard enough to require your best! Many skills as a help in the battle, nice animations of real Kung-Fu and satisfying sounds on kill, the music? ♥♥♥♥ I love it! A few tracks but they all fit perfectly into the fast and dynamic fights. Easy graphics which makes it possible to play on everything. I'd say totally safe fo children to train reaction and decision making.  Waiting for more content devs! Thank you for this game."
76561197998546381,Recommended,264200,17148583,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,8Bitaccent,"Amazing two button game. Finally beat it, after all this time, on grandmaster. Only thing really left to do is kill 8000 guys on survival.Music and graphics are awesome and perfect for the game. Truly worth the money."
76561198107577521,Recommended,264200,18418518,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,RealHumanDog,Fun way to blow a few hours. There's honestly no other game (that Im aware of) like this. Wait for the inevitable sale and get it.
76561198027019236,Recommended,264200,10499518,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Zekobad,This game is the most simple and amazingly addictive game i have played since cookie clicker. This game is so easy and and fun that i recommend this game to all my friends
,Recommended,264200,9387301,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,FAButzke,You play this game using only two buttons and nothing more but when you push those two buttons for two hours bearing a grin from ear to ear you know they did something right. 11/10
76561198045387851,Recommended,264200,11449824,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Retrospectacular,This isn't a game... This is pure magic! A simple and minimalistic concept and it still appeals to both casual and hardcore players. Insanely addictive and equally epic. A must have!
,Recommended,264200,9864104,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,T_Phenom,It's surprisingly fun!Try it
76561198031517456,Recommended,264200,23885121,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,themightypojo,"I impaled a guy on a sword handle, punched a guy so hard that his eye flew out of its socket, broke every bone in another's body with a mace, beaten the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of series of enemies with a broom and a fish, slamed a dude so deep in the ground that his legs were sticking out, and then procceded to pull him back out of the ground and use his corpse as a weapon to kill more guys.10/10 would punch a stick figure's heart out again."
,Recommended,264200,9348363,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Yawen,Flowing streamTruck impactGrace revealed
,Recommended,264200,33114300,Posted: 1 July,all,alekhkhanna,Bloody addictive !
76561197998435498,Recommended,264200,33987755,Posted: 3 August,all,monkey_boy_hero,"Just what I was looking for - a fun, quick, enjoyable game.  Brilliant stuff!"
,Recommended,264200,30306243,Posted: 3 March,all,Papa Echo™,A very simple idea done extremely well.
,Recommended,264200,11282762,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Valkyrie,"Skeptical from the start that this would be worth $5. I previewed it by watching my brother play, and it looked... interesting. So sure. *insert money, press start*Well then! Regardless of the fact that your placement on the screen is fairly stationary (you do move, of course, as a result of butt kicking), this game is really fast paced, but it also adjusts to your skill level. Having a tough time keeping up? The speed at which baddies come at you decreases until you are victorious in your Kung fu! There are different stages which challenge you in different ways. My favorite might be the light saber rounds. My least favorite are the black and white ones, where the color indicators on your baddies are nullified.All in all, a great casual game that requires focus but not a ton of thought. How difficult can a game with 2 buttons be, right? ...Right?"
,Recommended,264200,12333088,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,ClaytonNewburn,"If you like simplistic games that are just 2 keys, this is the game for you.All this game requires from you, is timing and quick reflexes."
76561197989352862,Recommended,264200,25498477,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Kadardes,"Such a great game, so addicting. Been playing it off and on for over a year now and I always come back to it."
76561198096682690,Recommended,264200,25216695,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Gealt,Easy to pick up time sinkDoesn't take much concentration which is a plus
76561198104501108,Recommended,264200,12858293,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Emeelee,"You could play this game for hours without getting bored, warning: hilarious & addicting!"
,Recommended,264200,16553762,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Killmanwar ®✌,Awesome game
,Recommended,264200,9481662,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Citizenfunk,"Ever had the desire to be slapped in the face with flashing lights, exploding stickfigures, and steriotypical fake chinese trainers?   Then you may be wanting some One Finger Death Punch.  Sometimes the best fighting games are the simplest fighting games, and in this case, that is true.  With only two buttons to press, it leaves room for you to finally eat flaming hot funyuns and play the game at the same time.  If that isn't a dream come true, then I don't know what is.  I'd totally put a ring on it."
,Recommended,264200,20032090,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,lau,I used one finger to write this review.
,Recommended,264200,26238236,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,TheRetroDJ,This game tought me to fear colored people...10/10 would fear again.
,Recommended,264200,12833284,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,General Thunderbat,"You are a kung-fu stickman killing hundreds of enemies by using throwing knives, bows, maces, swords and clubs while a awesome stereotypical sensei comments your every move.oh, and you have superpowers, that too.also, lightsabersand you can kick someone's hearth out of his chestaaaad slice his face off...do i really need to say more?10/10"
,Recommended,264200,9334687,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,FattyMooMooMan,"Simple to play but will take some mastering, I was surprised at how in-depth a combat game like this can be with a simple two-button mechanic but its fluid and highly playable. This game will definitely test your reflexes and get the adrenaline going.Love some of the small touches you get like the special animations you see now and again like an xray of an enemies bones breaking, throwing an enemy out of the screen or even punching through someones chest and popping their heart out of the back lol.Well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,264200,9334848,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,AutoNix,"One Finger Death Punch is an awesome game from top to bottom!  Only two buttons are used, the left and right mouse buttons to be exact.  The game is about timing and they throw in lots of things that would otherwise make this a very repetitive game.  Characters like the brawlers and dodgers are amazingly cool and all around this game is super killer!  Buy it for the small price it costs, it's worth every penny I swear!"
,Recommended,264200,9335040,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Joeker579,this game is amazing why dont you own it?!
,Recommended,264200,9395445,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Agent Cooper,The most fun you'll ever have with one finger.If you're a guy that is.
,Recommended,264200,9343588,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,RoX,"Who woulda thought that a 2 button game would be good? Unfortunately this one is not good. Its GREAT! From the first hit of the button it was instant addiction and the action get so good at times that you can get lost. This game is all about finness. Meaning if you press a button too many times, not enough times, or not at all, it is game over man! Then throw in some weapons and it becomes coorindated chaos. I've gotta make this review short so that I can get back to playing but even at $4.99 this game is worth every penny. Passing this one on sale is not a good idea. Why you ask? Well if you end up paying full price you'll banging your head against the keyboard for now buying it earlier and when it was cheaper. I'd give this a 9/10 , -1 for the moderately weak graphic design. Otherwise I can not find any reason to not jump on this one."
,Recommended,264200,16905456,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,PsychoWedge,Got me my first ever tendinitis!10/10
,Recommended,264200,16546895,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,El Yeti,"One finger death punch is an addictive game which if you are a perfectionist you‘ll spend a very long time in every level. It has a none steep close to flat learning curve, which is perfect to enter in the game at any time, at any level, at any difficulty, even if you are new to the game.A classic, easy to play hard to master gameplay, which is no more than a matter of reflexes and fast decisions.A great soundtrack with pure epic music from his main composer F-777, with his combination of Chinese instruments and electronic music from his album Chinese Dance Machine (http://jessevalentinemusic.bandcamp.com/album/chinese-dance-machine).Their different objectives from every level makes it avoid getting stagnant even if the core mechanic doesn’t change a single bit.In resume a really addictive game with hours and hours of replayability."
,Recommended,264200,9347425,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Kevin,"This game is amazing. It's very fast paced and the animations are simple yet very stylish. The whole stickman theme is great. The voice-overs are a bit cheesy but not annoying. For a game that only utilizes two buttons, it's not easy, making it a perfect example to show that simple =/= easy.What I actually want to add to this review is the support. I had some troubles getting this game to work and I've contacted the dev and also posted on the game's forums, here on Steam.The response from the developers was very fast and kind, also showing me that they're willing to go through a lot of trouble to help."
76561197975485754,Recommended,264200,9824509,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Aldarys,"""Do not judge a game by its cover"". I would most likely agree. One Finger Death Punch is ""simple"" but hard to master and really addictive. It's absolutely worth the price."
,Recommended,264200,9338293,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Lindor_ (Twitch),"It seems simple, but this game is very addictive. I love it. Plus with the abilities, sound fx, music etc. the kung fu havok you wreak is SOOOO satisfying! You'll get what I mean once you try it. GO GO GO!"
,Recommended,264200,9338686,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,LuminaireFox,Such a simple system... and that makes it even more glorious. Just so satisfying when beating up mobs.
,Recommended,264200,9340721,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,StraySwordsman,"EDIT 1: Changing the issue I had with the speed.After defeating the first boss, I can say I enjoy this.I admit, sometimes it feels like there is something that would make it truly bad♥♥♥♥♥missing.Probably just some good tunes in the background but nevertheless, this game is awesome.If I had to pick my favourite round, it'd probably be the Light Sword round as I sliced through my enemies until another warrior approached and made it funner. Oh, it really does mean it when it says 'Do NOT Button Mash'. Seriously, you'll get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you on the gold medal you're supposed to be awarded.The game is so ♥♥♥♥ing worth playing and especially for it's Survival Modes. They are legendary!It really brang epicness to a whole new format and I REALLY enjoyed it. The game adapts to your speed so whenever you play any level, it will always be at your level of speed which is AWESOME! You're always challenged and you're always trying to beat your previous record and trying as hard as you can to NOT miss.Just a tip too, I played Survival as soon as I unlocked it and found other coloured enemies, they're quite the surprise when you first encounter them especially without knowing what they do.TL/DR: I plan to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this (and make music videos) and you should too!Was: 8.7/10Is: 10/10Summary in words: asdfshfolfefhuieasl"
,Recommended,264200,9338036,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Rather Dashing,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,264200,10795949,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Draemscat,Best game I've played in a while. Blows Fruit Ninja out of the water.
76561197994961662,Recommended,264200,9356485,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Volt,"Refreshingly simple, i can heartily recommend this game to anyone who wants something simple, yet addictive, that they can play a few minutes at a time. Don't be put off by the graphics, what it lacks in that department it more than makes up for in straight forward, fun gameplay."
,Recommended,264200,9608002,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,JerKnuts,One of the simplest and most fun games I've played in a while.Looks laughable at first. Look past that.Check it out.
,Recommended,264200,12113588,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Previously On Full House,Oh my godd did you see that.  He was all like FWOOOSH and with the sword like CHINK and then the x-ray skull breaking move and the laser swords and nunchuks.  99/10.
76561198055663882,Recommended,264200,9511580,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,everRampager,"There's no reason not to get this game. Unless you hate fun. That's one reason, I guess."
,Recommended,264200,16750103,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,[DeNo] The Wicked Viking,"Bought it because it looked fun, now I can't stop playing. The fighting style combined with awesome weapons and all around entertaining action, makes it the perfect game for passing some time or just have plain fun. 8/10 - graphics could be a little better."
,Recommended,264200,26076619,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Sporkin8or,"It was all happening so fast. In a fit of blinding rage, I suddenly knew kung fu and began laying waste to everyone, and everything, in my path. I had become a monster. My emotions left me. I no longer cared that I was bringing about my own apocalypse with the eventual extinction of the human race. My emotions partially returned to me. Each foe I killed only filled me with gleeful happiness and maniacal laughter. I enjoyed killing. I reveled in their pain, suffering, and death.Unsurprisingly, they were on to me, and launched a massive counterattack. Entire armies were sent my way, only to meet their immediate demise. Tens... hundreds... thousands... tens of thousands... hundreds of thousands... millions of corpses littered the land. The best martial artists in the world came my way, but they too were kissed by death.At the very top stood the ultimate grandmaster. The final boss. The mastermind who was organizing the counterattacks in an effort to bring the kung fu apocalypse to an end. He too fought long and hard, but ultimately failed. That was it, there was nobody left to oppose me. At last, I had brought world peace, I was a hero! At last, could finally get some peace and quiet.The End."
,Recommended,264200,18049647,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Cute & Chubby,It's fun
76561198088486027,Recommended,264200,18350858,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,FreeMeTip,funny and hillarious! like this!
76561197990526605,Recommended,264200,18099980,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,KuraiKen,"Behold - my forefinger or middle finger alone has enough power to defeat any evil force lurking in the shadows with my other fingers tied behind my back.  As swift as the wind and as sharp as blade, my finger alone will deliver heavenly punishment.....or a very good way to stress test my mouse buttons.Will buy this game again with One Finger.Do not keep yourself from buying this game or I will give you THE FINGER!  Then eat chicken FINGER lickin' good!"
76561198043484256,Recommended,264200,18105247,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,The Sunless Captain,what have my life become?no seriously this game is great and a great at reliving stres there's not mutch to say about it apart from:very simple grafics.good animations.some nice efekts.regriers skill.simple but satisfying gameplay.so put some rock on and kill some stick figures.
,Recommended,264200,19720267,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Skela,"Honestly, when I first looked at this game, I really judged it by its cover. However after buying it on a steam sale out of curiousity, I was amazed how much fun I had with this game. I was literally hooked. Until this day, it remains a game which I casually throw on to play some survival. It is honestly one of the best and addicting games I have ever played. It really motivated me to see the progress I´ve made, from struggling with the first level, to, by the time I´m writing this review, placing around rank 2500 on the global leaderboards.I seriously recommend buying this game even if its not on sale and when it is, don´t hesitate, you might just get as addicted as me."
,Recommended,264200,21214063,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,H4RuHiro,"Divertido demais, valeu muito a pena comprar, jogo sempre que estou afim de relaxar(manso), tem fases demais, acho que deve passar da casa dos 300, peguei numa promoção, mas mesmo pelo preço original ta valendo sim, recomendado."
76561198113873822,Recommended,264200,19773417,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,meep,"Goddammed simplistic, buttery, visceral perfection."
,Recommended,264200,20443558,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,']['/lC']['lC/lL ☣ N/ll)E,"Do I recommend this game.. Yea if u don't have heart or bad breathing problems...HOLY CRAP!! This game gets Intense...Thanx to Markiplier I went & got this game... Man I was not dissapointed even after seeing a few ""spoilers""I would like to see a Jump button, but bad enough this game is in the high intense scale for me."
,Recommended,264200,10636259,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rabbit,"For a game with 2 buttons, there's a surprising amount of skill involved. Stringing together a huge combo is really satisfying, as is landing the 0 miss platinum medal at the end of the level.  This game is easily worth every penny of the $2.50 I paid for it. It's like Guitar Hero for your mouse, but you get to beat up stick figures. And then you get carpal tunnel."
76561198028207207,Recommended,264200,33202966,Posted: 3 July,all,aristabulus,"It's like Guitar Hero...  BUT FOR KUNG-FU.  @_@(why are you not already DLing this?)First time around, I topped out about halfway through the map progression; my wrists just couldn't take it on the mouse interface.  Now that I have a controller, I'm looking forward to trying again without flirting with RSI quite so much."
76561198026218312,Recommended,264200,12072641,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,The tone is brilliantly daft but the gameplay is remarkably clever.
76561198055831911,Recommended,264200,28823438,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SatouSan,Funny and easy to learn :3
,Recommended,264200,9337732,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,The Shameless One,"Do kung fu, break faces. Put this on loop.https://soundcloud.com/bboss/kung-fu-yu"
76561197992310158,Recommended,264200,31853569,Posted: 19 May,all,Cat in the Hat,I wish I could stop playing this game...It's terribly awesome
76561198053942834,Recommended,264200,33428846,Posted: 10 July,all,RetroRogue,"Only two buttons but still somewhat complex, a lot of fun to play so far"
,Recommended,264200,10169467,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,wildspartanz,I honeslty thought this game was going to be something I played for 5 seconds then got bored. But I honestly like this game. I play it when am not working on GFX and video editing or playing :P
76561198140656128,Recommended,264200,33537643,Posted: 14 July,all,Draco1602,This game is highly addicting.And it makes you like your invincible.10/10
,Recommended,264200,26665612,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Extra Wubs,"Love this game. I love the hard bosses, light sorad rounds, and art style. Hate the muti layer enemies and my spare mouse. you shal give your soul to this game. best 2 hours of my life."
,Recommended,264200,9388865,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Rox,"Ever since I started One Finger Death Punch my boss has recognized me in my workplace, my sexlife is better and my bank account has skyrocketed. Thank you One Finger Death Punch and thank YOU Giant Bomb."
76561198280174304,Recommended,264200,33571655,Posted: 15 July,all,travguy5000 csgoboss.com,"I've been playing the mobile version of this game for quite awhile now, and when I realized it was on Steam and watched the trailer for it I thought it looked like a small upgrade and bought it.I have to say this is an amazing game. You might think, ""oh stick fighting game i can find this online for free,"" no.There are very little games that can pull off a simple concept while having the game exciting and makes players want to come back, OFDP is one of those games.You see, for a concept as simple as ""RMB to hit the enemy to your right, LMB to hit the enemy to your left,"" this game makes it so much more complex, and that complexity makes it much more exciting then the concept sounds.Overall, I would say watch the trailer, read some other reviews, and then if you're interested in the game buy it and test it out.The only con i can see to this game so far is the graphics, I like the stick-fighting graphic style, however, the graphics dont look crisp. A lot of things are grainy and its not very pleasant when it's zoomed in."
,Recommended,264200,17923974,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,redsoul41,"Review - One Finger Death PunchOne Finger Death Punch is an intense kungfu brawler casual arcade game. It brings back the air of the Xiao Xiao Series fromstickpage.com. Stick games aren't much popular nowadays but One Finger Death Punch offers a simple and easy way to recall those stick games of the old. Using just two buttons to play, even a total amateur can actually play and enjoy this game. The game starts with your stick warrior/martial artist standing in the middle of the screen and you try to take down all the enemies that come from both sides. The game features a lot of powerups that you can equip and experiment with depending on the fighting style you like. It also includes two types of game modes: Story mode and Survival mode. The game replayability is very high since you have to go through the same challenges in a different difficulty as the story mode features 3 difficulties: Student, Master and Grandmaster. The Survival mode is also the same with Survival Mode, Blind Survival Mode and No Luca No Survival Mode difficulties.One Finger Death Punch also includes different types of battle rounds and not just the typical mob round where you fight incoming enemies that spawn from both sides but I'll let you discover those on your own.I highly recommend One Finger Death Punch to those who are fans of stick game and to those who are looking for casual arcade games that involve button press timings. If you're a button masher type of player then this is not for you since the game features an anti-button mashing rule. This is also not for you if you care a lot for your achievement % progress because the game has 100+ achievements and some of them are near to impossible to achieve at all. I also recommend that you buy this game either during a sale or if you have the game's 50% coupon. It's a fun and a MUST try game. Relive the stickman games of the old with One Finger Death Punch!Personal Rating:Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 7/10Music: 8/10Story/Plot: 5/10Overall: 7/10"
,Recommended,264200,11647713,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,HISlawyer,"What would happen if you dug up Bruce Lee's dead body, used dark magic to resurrect him into a kung fu zombie, then time-traveled back to the '70's and kidnapped a younger version of Chuck Norris, THEN made them fight to the death inside a giant food processor? Realistically, you'd have a really big mess to clean up and a lot of explaining to do (or a Michael Bay movie, depending). But in some awesome alternate universe, you would have a legendary rematch between history's two most iconic martial arts masters.This game is that rematch."
,Recommended,264200,28932893,Posted: 2 January,all,Vino [Olive Garden],"Fast and frantic beat-em up with just two buttons. It couldn't be more simple, but it's still a lot of fun to play. Combat feels very impactful and getting through a level without getting hit really nails that feeling of being Pro As Hell At Videogames.The one downside is that the campaign mode doesn't do much except for throw more and more enemies at you, and there are hundreds of levels, so it really starts to feel like a grind after a while. This really emphasizes the fact that this game is best played in short bursts."
76561198139176630,Recommended,264200,25257407,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Wilford Warfstache,"This game does sound simple (two buttons only) but it gets difficult very fast. There are enemies that will be going bullet speed towards you in survival mode. You will inherit Jackie Chan reflexes and get awarded with hemroids once you are done playing this game. Grandmaster mode will leave you with stiff fingers wondering why that stupid brawler killed you (I had 100+ hours on this game but my old computer broke and did not save.) Other than that, I RECOMMEND IT. DO NOT PLAY MORE THAN 4 HOURS OF THIS AT ONCE WARNING TO ALL."
76561198119997951,Recommended,264200,25334971,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Vin Petrol,I can only type with my left hand right now10/10
,Recommended,264200,9338629,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,plsportz,Recomended by Y.O.B.A.
,Recommended,264200,9962521,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Wavekid,"One Finger Death Punch (the game actually requires you to use not one- but TWO fingers to play to execute your ""death punches"").With that being said, I'll kick off my review starting with controls. This game does not get any more simple and straight to the point with the controls; literally only two buttons to perform bad-butt gameplay. Either left and right on the arrow keys or left and right click. The contrls are so crisp and on point, you feel them react to your pressing of the buttons. It feels like something you actually did yourself, rather than feeling like the game did it for you. You feel so rewarded for executing the long string of combos, and you feel brutally punished if you ruin your streak with a small and simple mistake. The game does not encourage button mashing, as this will actually get you killed. You have to react to the rate at which enemies are rushing you.DO NOT MISTAKE THIS FOR A RHYTHM GAME (rhythm games like Guitar Hero, Rock Band, Tap Tap, etc.)Though the game literally runs on two buttons, don't think for a second you will not be provided with a challenge. Difficulty adapts to player skill, no choosing between easy, normal, hard, etc.- meaning (straight up) if you suck, the difficulty will lower to help you out. If you're completely ripping through enemies, the difficulty gradually increases. So if you're completely pro, goodluck with keeping up with your own skill, as the game literally throws itself at you as you compete with your own skill. If you're finding yourself to not be the best, no worries! The game will slow down for you. Everyone wins when playing this game, being provided with the challenge they need.The game may feel repetitive after a few levels, but the fun comes back when you run into a different stage type. There are two game types: ""campaign"" and survival mode. The campaign mode is loaded with over 250 levels and 13 different stage fights consisting of using lightsabers, nunchucks, 1-on-1 boss fights, speed levels, and more.Thankfully you're allowed to go back to previous levels if you feel you can improve and get a higher score.Throughout the campaign, you have chances to beat certain levels to unlock skills that will help you rip through enemies in creative ways.In conclusion; overall, One Finger Death Punch delivers a fast, challenging, compelling combat experience in the most simple way possible. The game can be played by really anyone. I tested it and allowed a few of my friends to try it and they loved it. Besides, who doesn't love some great stick-figure fighting action?RECOMMENDED TO MAKE YOUR OWN Bruce Lee ""WATAAA"" sound after every punch to add to experience.+ simple controls to deliver brutal combos+ loaded with levels and achievements+ great music to match the mood+ SUPER cheesy to add to the fun+ stick men, come on.- gradually becomes repetitive, but this can easily be fixed with how you playThe game is damn good. These are the kinds of games that prove you dont need breath taking graphics, music, story, personality, all the other stuff dorks argue over these days. Any one can play the game! I feel so grateful I was given this game on a discount."
,Recommended,264200,12063614,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Stevie-boi,This game is simple but really challenging. I've only played it for 21 hours and i'm only in top 5500. But i would say that this game is a masterpiece. Its has some good gameplay even though its visuals isn't that good. If you got the money which you probably have you should pick up this game. It is extremely fast paced the longer you get. The faster the better. where i'm at it is going so fast that i don't really think about what i do. WHICH IS AWESOME!!!!I would rate this 9/10
,Recommended,264200,12995720,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Hika,"I definitely love it. It's simple yet the combos are awesome, funny, and it's entertaining and challenging. You got a hell lot of levels and stages and it's REALLY great that way. If you're looking for a little game that doesn't cost much, is funny, and that can be played 10 minutes OR two hours... You have it there."
,Recommended,264200,13580986,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,tripn0t,its one of the best stress-relieving games EVER!!!
76561198036204888,Recommended,264200,15611371,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Oliver,"The game is lots of fun. The colors of the mobs changing the difficulty, and how to act.The art, and sounds are very lovely. All thrue the gameplay is something to really enjoy.  All doe it's not a game that can be played forever. Still a game that can be played a dussen of times. And will always be one of my Fave games.Surely this game must have increased my Capability of thinking faster.Great game. Worth the price"
76561198046102986,Recommended,264200,24556795,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mal Masque,"ONE PUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNCH!!!! ... Oh, wait, wrong thing. Eh, close enough.One Finger Death Punch is propably one of my favorite time-killer games of all time. Based on flash animations by a guy whose name I forget but love his work, OFDP is exactly as it sounds, you beat people up by clicking left or right on your mouse (hence the One Finger part). As you play the game, it becomes EXTREMELY chaotic as to what's going on-screen. Stuff is breaking, people are flying, someone just got impaled on a sword, that one guy just had his heart punched out of his chest, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. I'm not going to lie, as the game goes on, it get pretty hard, with enemies that require a fair bit of strategy to beat. But it's all worth it for the pure entertainment value of it all.I'll put this up at an 8/10 and say if you want to feel powerful, buy this game."
,Recommended,264200,24147650,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Macrolith,I have no idea what's going on but I love it!
,Recommended,264200,32152609,Posted: 3 June,all,Xyfurion,One Finger Death Punch is one of the best games to play when you want to kill some time. It has an assload of levels and several difficulties. It makes you strive to achieve perfection.Score: 83/90
76561198191060549,Recommended,264200,20464026,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,StevePi,Its like mortal kombat on drugs!
,Recommended,264200,34409112,Posted: 21 August,all,TAGH ENG,"It's exactly what you're expecting in the best way possible. Assuming you've watched the trailer.Even though it only has 2 buttons to control the gameplay, it grabs your attention in brief explosive moments of glory.No doubt the game has a repetative edge to it, however I still find myself returning to it, over and over (and over) again.This game is the digital reincarnation of a bag of party poppers... amazing brief explosions of chaos and fun, and to which you know someone else is cleaning up."
,Recommended,264200,26667508,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,[Hen-tie] JJDaMan!,Love this game!! Reminds me of good ol' flash stick games. I highly recommend this game!!Game controls: left and right mouse button thats it :DorYou can use gamepad if you prefer that!!Pros:A lot of actionWeapon killsSSSSllloooowww motion killsSkill sets!Cons (joke!):Super addicting but in a good way!Realized my eye and finger mouse pressing skill sucks
,Recommended,264200,14380912,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Papp Jahn,"Though the name sounds a little dumb, the game is fantastic. It completley blew me away, no way was I expecting to like this game, but it's addicting."
,Recommended,264200,25557842,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,cyzcra,Extremely useful for practicing your reflex actions
76561198034742879,Recommended,264200,25521760,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Spy-clone,My Fingers! *Cherry MX RED switches on keyboard recommended*
,Recommended,264200,10508708,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Harinezumi,"Absolutely loved it.Those who like martial arts, watched all these chinese movie clones about master-student-villain - you're welcome to the atmosphere.Also that game seriously helps with working on nerve head-to-hand connections.Also it kills your keyboard a little. But who cares.^.^"
76561198007211491,Recommended,264200,10539355,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,VVastedTalent,"Games should be this fun and engaging as a standard, not the exception."
,Recommended,264200,10580946,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Johnnyy,PRO TIP: Men's Bathroom Logo Man Equals Awesome Game :P
76561197971180620,Recommended,264200,10594956,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,anisocoria,an amazing waste of time. in an incredibly good way. just get in the zone and destroy 5000 faceless foes.
,Recommended,264200,10605317,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,8t88,"1FDP is a game that's somewhat similar to a music rhythm game -- time your clicks to defeat the incoming mooks, as simple as that. You have 2 buttons -- left and right click. Easy, right?As simple as the game mechanics may be, this is a game that's about beating your own high score and getting the absolute highest achievement in every stage. It takes quite a bit of practice as the first few levels will start off easy, but as you progress the game introduces new enemies that require you click more than once, and even ones that start a extended brawl with you that require you to press the buttons in sequence. Every consecutive win also speeds the game up, while losing slows the gameplay down. After the first 5 or so stages the rounds will become absoutely frantic and fast-paced.The graphics are visually appealing -- for a 2D game at least, and while the art style lacks originality (you and your enemies are stick figures) there is plenty of visual contrast in the game so you can still see the action and what buttons you have to press.This game is thoroughly enjoyable but up to a certain point, it does need some new gameplay mechanics thrown in to keep gameplay interesting. 7/10."
76561198051869874,Recommended,264200,10622961,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,I'mGaycer,you're a stickmanyou ♥♥♥♥ up other stickmenthat's itthat's the game10/10100/100best gameGOTY
,Recommended,264200,10646366,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,spikeguy86,"I can say without any doubt, that this is the best kung-fu game I've ever played. It's one of those games that's easy to pick up and play, and hard to master. With only using two buttons, it will make you feel like the baddest person on the planet. Whether you pick it up and play for a couple of minutes, or pass the controller around in a room full of cheering friends, you won't regret this purchase."
,Recommended,264200,10668653,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,s m i l e r,11/10 clicked for days
,Recommended,264200,10676677,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,KaZie,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is awesome, kung fu reflex game"
76561197970594435,Recommended,264200,9334362,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Blimbeard,"Simple but extremely satisfying, I don't think I've ever had as much fun using only two mouse buttons."
76561198014386167,Recommended,264200,9334423,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Rambrissot,So I seen this was a new game and looking at all the sale game atm I though why not try it look kind of cool and believe me I have played a lot of game and this is addicting fun and frantic even for an older gamer I have been playing game all my life and this is fun for any one I got to say try it and see how you like it yourself it is worth the price tag
,Recommended,264200,9334498,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Ankeus,"If you're looking for simple, somewhat fun game while bored and have nothing else to do, give this one a try."
76561198126934199,Recommended,264200,9334720,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,sunsun,This game is hilariously fun! It just make my little Jackie Chan inside me smile! :)
,Recommended,264200,9335004,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,RaQin,"A simply perfect game mechanic, and a series of ever evolving opportunities to smash avatar-face! Get it...get it now. So cheap and good you'll hate yourself if you don't buy it."
,Recommended,264200,9335705,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Orphaniel,"This game is bloody brilliant.THere are only two buttons, it's minimalist, but it works so well, like guitar hero but with smashing people to bits.It's cheap, its delightful, and I've played it longer than Thief so far, which downloaded around the same time."
,Recommended,264200,9335813,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,MrCrow,"If you like braking bones and kicking the hell out of everything and everyone,this little game is for you.So much fun for such a little price.Fluid combat followed by great sound effects and music.be warned though prepare to work your 2 fingers till they start hurting because timing is everything in this game."
,Recommended,264200,9336025,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Radi0raheem,"The best under $5 casual (yet still intense) new title in the past ten years.  BUY. THIS. GAME.  Incredibly easy to pick up and play, incredibly satisfying to master.  It's a crime that OFDP wasn't a huge success on XBLA."
76561197960334417,Recommended,264200,9337602,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,"Mr. Fuzzybutt, esq.","I had always loved the old flash animation on sites likenewgrounds.com, the visuals in this game bring me back to my teenage years... Its a two button game, left and right click, and other stuff if u wanna use something else.  Its suprisingly challenging considering the minimalist controls that this game sports.  Its well worth the 4 dollars i paid on release day, and is definitely worth 5 bucks.  The graphics, considering its stick figures fighting are actually pretty cool, especially when it gets hectic with tons of guys running at you. I 100% recommend this game... its cathartic to murder hordes of badguys and feeling like a badass while doing it."
,Recommended,264200,9337725,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Diamante_Escopeta,"Paid a dollar for it on XBLIG and happy to pay a few more to get it on Steam.Well worth its asking price, never gets too difficult as its difficulty varies based on your skill level.  Hours worth of gameplay if you want to unlock all the skills and complete every level.  Also has an awesome soundtrack that helps you get in the zone to perform combos.Overall: 9/10I actually use two fingers when I play.High Score in Survival is 572."
76561198045418058,Recommended,264200,9337757,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Nykonis,The simplicity of the controls defy the complexity that lies within this game.  It's outstanding.
,Recommended,264200,9340036,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,tehayshun,Love this game to bits already. It's such a simple concept yet so addictively fun. Definitely pick this up d(^_^d)
76561197964518550,Recommended,264200,9341393,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,[dH] Karl the Terrorist,So much fun for just having to click 2 buttons.
76561198046858620,Recommended,264200,9342930,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Kweh!,Thumbs up for this game.It should be name Two Finger Death Punch.awesome and interesting.Buying as gifts for my friends.
76561197999335469,Recommended,264200,9343147,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,coolystguy,totally addictive love it!
,Recommended,264200,9344174,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,James,"The mechanics are simple left click for left side, right click for right side, it' has the feel of a simplified Dance, Dance Revolution,  it is a lot of fun"
,Recommended,264200,9344507,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,INFECTiON_,"This game is one of those, ""Why didn't I have this as a kid?"" ""Even better, you have it as an adult!"" moments. Reminds me of old Xiao Xiao stick fighting animations and newgrounds games n stuff. Games a ton of fun, at the time of writing this review I'm around 1/3'd through the game. Totally a steal at 5 bucks (or 4 when I got it on sale)."
,Recommended,264200,9344920,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Zuu,"Man, what an awesome game! My childhood of making and watching stick figure fighting animations put into an awesome fast paced button mashing reflex game (for lack of better description)! The game starts off a bit easy, but quickly ramps up to be more in depth and challenging. Great buy!"
,Recommended,264200,9345216,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,famousj6,"Excellent. Excellent excellent excellent. Simple enough to be a joy, frantic enough to make your palms sweat, and with a depth of mechanic just right in order to keep you hooked. Best $5 game I have ever played. Buy it now."
,Recommended,264200,9341826,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,[MM] WMan22,"One finger death punch caught me completely off guard.I expected a casual time waster and what I got was a somewhat shallow but very solid and entertaining two button fighting game. This game is much more difficult to play in later levels than it may initially appear from screenshots and trailers.This game might bring much nostalgia to you if you were around Newgrounds during the days that Xiao Xiao was really popular, because this is very much a spiritual successor to it.It has a nice learning curve and is easy to pick up but somewhat difficult to truly master. For completionists out there, you might like the fact that it has a medal system. While it may seem easy to get a platinum medal for the first few missions, the difficulty ramps up with each campaign mission. Here's where my one and only complaint with the game comes from. While it occasionally varies it's many missions up with laser sword, crash, and numchuck missions, after a short while of playing it can feel very samey. Which isn't a bad thing because the game is addictive as all hell, but you might want to play in short bursts for maximum enjoyment.For $5? This game is definitely worth it, it's highly entertaining, replayable and very addictive. A survival mode in any game for me is a huge plus and this game has three different kinds of survival modes (Well, technically two, the third one is just regular survival with agiant catobscuring one side of your screen), one of which tests your game knowledge by taking away all visual cues except for enemy color. Before I knew it I had played this game for 3 or so hours even though I intended to play it for around 1 or so."
76561198037341133,Recommended,264200,9392233,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Deus Vult Peasant,Gosh it's stickman fighting aga...HAVE YOU SEEN HIS HEAD CRASHING INTO A BUILDING KILLING 2 DUDES ON HIS WAY?!?!?!?! No? CAUSE I'M WIELDING A LIGHTSABER STABBING PEOPLE WHILE THROWING KNIFES AND EVERYTHING EXPLODES IN BLOOD.ehem.This game. ... This game..
76561197968448464,Recommended,264200,9345856,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Cerebral Lawlzy,"Holy hell this game is addicting! I have pretty much wasted my snow day playing this game and I don't feel  bad about it one bit!Few bugs on the map but no giant complaints! Also @the developers, the loading text when you start up the game is great."
76561198038785597,Recommended,264200,9346109,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Detective,Probably the best game iv played this year...its simple and bloody challengeing all at the same time although it does need a bit more  music but that is just a minor complaint so i will give this a 7.5 out of 10
76561198041544442,Recommended,264200,9346705,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Scadharel,"Simple concept, but a surprisingly deep and challenging brawler."
,Recommended,264200,9346881,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Syntax Error,"Damn, this is fun."
,Recommended,264200,9347095,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Two Dick Pete,fun as hell simple but addictive and tons of content!
76561198053151717,Recommended,264200,9347511,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Gloade,"A real gem in the light of all the zombie games covered in poo. Simple yet orginal in our time.The game play is very fast if you can manage to survive that long, only down sideis when you beat a boss up he does this damage animation and you cant hit him, counting as a miss and if you dont hit him fast enough it breaks your combo and you take damage... so nothing is wrong with this game for 3.99.Hey atleast it isnt a rouge pixal game that you have to buy in early access."
,Recommended,264200,9347634,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Canadian Bunny,AMAZING.JUST SIMPLY AMAZING.
76561197970724420,Recommended,264200,9348096,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Parramha,Its an awesome addictive indie game.
,Recommended,264200,9348253,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,vandal,"An excellent unity of theme and game design. The presentation is a bit weak in the GUI, but the stick figure combat quickly erodes any criticisms as your fist cracks skulls and punches hearts out."
,Recommended,264200,9348255,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,carbonfibah,"This is a very simple game, left or right mouse click, yet it's incredibly fun and satisfying! The combos are awesome and the gameplay is so smooth. It's pretty cheap and has tons of levels to play."
,Recommended,264200,9349146,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,The Rampaging Tides,"Its one of those games that makes you feel like a badass yet its simple enough to where it doesnt take long to get good at it. Different enemys turn the otherwise very simple 2 button game into a challange, making this a good game to buy."
76561198070945764,Recommended,264200,9349611,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,richardwarner23,extremely fun i didnt think i was going to be able to pull myself away from my comp. lol
,Recommended,264200,9350646,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,mr_dude_guy,+
,Recommended,264200,9350784,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Secretten,"Amazing value for this price, makes you feel like a kung-fu badass. Its easy to get into but hard to master and will keep you playing far longer than you expected.♥♥♥♥♥♥will give you carpal tunnel with all the clicking though so be careful."
76561197996994169,Recommended,264200,9350955,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,DobeyKweeg,"In terms of bang for buck, this has got to be one of the most enjoyable games I've played. At first, its simple concept of press-the-button-at-the-right-time is reminiscent of Guitar Hero and DDR style of play but please, please do not let that deter you. As you progress the complexity increases and it becomes quite the challenge. Simple visuals, cool audio but awesome intensity with a real sense of achievement when you complete levels."
,Recommended,264200,9351001,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Shini,Damn awesome game!
,Recommended,264200,9621786,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Paugs,"As of writing this review there are no negative recommendations on Steam. This game is god-tier, which is ridiculous for a $5 game. The visceral feel of every single punch you land, the happy satisfaction of beating an enemy in a long, long duel, being able to pick up a weapon and go to town on an enemy, there are so many good feels to this game. It feels /right/.Simple to learn, simple to master. You'll never stop feeling like a GOD while playing this game."
,Recommended,264200,9351725,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,RedTier,"""O.O I know Kung Fu....""  ""o.O Show me...."" Awesome Game xD"
,Recommended,264200,9352161,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,TubbsMcGee,Was surprised by how fun this game is. Who knew 2 buttons could be so exciting.
,Recommended,264200,9352806,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,[DK]Eliasr,A fun game where the developers have been able to make an advanced system from 2 simple buttons.You are wrong if you think this is too easy.
76561197962853191,Recommended,264200,9353705,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Blinky_,This game is amazing. Play it.
,Recommended,264200,9354925,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Lateralus,"no button mashing here, fast furious finger clicking fun!"
76561197968514370,Recommended,264200,9354955,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Stroobs,Fun as hell and a great stress reliever.
,Recommended,264200,9355670,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,[LAO] Shady Bitch,"It is FANTASTIC! I'ts dirt cheap and addictive as hell. Just get it, and thank me later."
,Recommended,264200,9356279,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,SomeGuyWithALaptop,"Holy God this game is addicting. It's simple, yet utterly fantastic. 10/10"
,Recommended,264200,9356376,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Aazatgrabya,Genius
76561198061915928,Recommended,264200,9356890,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,[CM] Fluffybullets,Wow! thats all I can say about this game I'm really impressed by it! Way to go Silver Dollar games!
76561198007541192,Recommended,264200,9357520,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,schnzy,"Fantastic game, very entertaiing, worth every cent"
,Recommended,264200,9357597,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Chinook,"Great game, worth the price even after the sale ends. Really gets the adrenaine going, neat although at times a bit repetative music, but its easy to ignore because of all the sound effects and vibrant back grounds. I enjoyed the various weapons, abilities, and fighting styles (although you dont necessarily get to pick them) its still neat to see a change every now and again."
76561198051170307,Recommended,264200,9357668,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Armpit Carnival,"Just like other many others here I used to watch those stick figure animations online. I thought this game might be pretty fun since it looks similar. It may not feel exactly like the animations since you can't control your character to move around much, but it makes up for it completely. Within about 1 minute I didn't even care that I couldnt move around any more. About 3 minutes in I fell in love with the simple control scheme. This is so simple and cheap and fun that I would recommend this to anyone who has at least 2 fingers and 5 bucks to spare."
,Recommended,264200,9395401,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Waifu McPantyshot,5/5 for me.I'm impressed
,Recommended,264200,9400053,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Fastela,"One Finger Death Punch is a perfect mix of intense action and stupidity. Some elements are definitely not well thought out (like the ever changing background), but the controls are absolutely perfect.The game gives you a constant impression that you are awesome. It only takes two buttons to perform absolutely crazy moves, and you'll want to come back and perfect each and every level.It could have been better yes. The graphics are not always good, and the menu and map are aweful, but once the game kicks in, you're in for a treat.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,264200,10896069,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ccassol,"That's an ABSURDLY AMAZING game. I could not put it down for several minutes. Simple and yet very addictive gameplay. Superb 1:1 combat mechanics. Just try it. Ignore the poor interface. You don't need fancy pixels and high resolutions in order to enjoy it. As I said, just try it. You won't regret it.Also, the narrator's poor english just add goodness to the pile.TL;DR: IT HAS LIGHTSABERS!"
,Recommended,264200,10692950,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pvegie,Playing this game is like being twelve again and just discovering masturbation. You can't stop until something starts bleeding and even then you pick it back up the next morning.
,Recommended,264200,16609751,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,＠ｐｉｒｓ,"Fun, but tiring and takes way too long to beat (that's some unusual criticism right there)."
,Recommended,264200,10836356,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,FRESA.DX,"The experience with this game was really fun, epic, and gets addictive. What's good about this game is that it's not a game where can you button mash, yet it's only two buttons, but it could get so competitive that you would get confused at some point. The graphics for this game is decent for it's type (it is a stick figure game). I would suggest to get this game if you have money left from your account and dont know what to buy next."
,Recommended,264200,13146098,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,"Rod ""bit Odd"" Surly","One Finger Death Punch is an addictive, fast paced, somewhat silly, smile-inducing homage to kung fu movies.  This is what happens if Bruce Lee & Jackie Chan made a Stick Fighter video game.  2D and side scrolling it may be, but this is no a hinderance at all.  The gameplay is akin to rhythm matching with one hand, but the action is so much more fun to watch.  As I play, I find my smile getting cramped and tired from being there so long.  The memories of my misspent youth watching Kung Fu movies on Saturday afternoons comes flooding back with every bone cracking, eye-popping, heart-bursting hit.  :DIn short, this is the most fun you can have with one hand and tell your mom about it."
,Recommended,264200,12735859,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,sikeuro,"An amazingly epic game with tricky controls that can make you panic to mash the buttons, but the main tip is to never mash the buttons or kaboom you are very vunerable. Buy the game, you will have a lot of fun"
,Recommended,264200,16713970,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Varitas,Insanely fluid and responsive controls make this fast paced Kung-Fu fighter a blast to play!
76561198069647792,Recommended,264200,9392222,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,AngelTDemon,Best money i have ever spent on a game.   This fills my desire for action and brings the adrenaline in the form of both simple and highly fulfilling combat that i just love.
,Recommended,264200,29725954,Posted: 5 February,all,gucci cocaine,"Super satisfying and fun, with a little challenge."
,Recommended,264200,13604046,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Gamingscot,"I was looking through my games and decided to write some reviews I've played a decent amount and I was so surprised to realize I have almost 12 hours on this game. It was a great game with such a simple idea. Time goes by quick when you play it, and when you're done, you'll be surprised you might've been playing for three hours. Honestly, a great game."
,Recommended,264200,9393495,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,☃HARMONIC TIMECUBE ORANGE ORANGE,Everyone: Buy this game.
,Recommended,264200,13636437,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Jackson,"A cheap and fun game. Its simplicity doesn't mean it's easy. You can learn how to play in 30 seconds, but it will take you hours of intense concentration to dominate this gem. You eyes will bleed, your foes will fall, your fingers will suffer, but in the end it doesn't really matter because you'll become the one true kung-fu master."
,Recommended,264200,10962108,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,sd_doomsday best map,This game should be played by every single human being. It is the most insanely intense addicting piece of art that has ever been created. Thank you developers.
,Recommended,264200,10843602,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,hotage,"I've got a bunch of time on a game with only two buttons and such a simple idea. But the way that idea was enacted was very, very well made.One finger death punch is a Fast-Paced Action game where enemies come at you from both sides. The enemies are not always the same though. There is the normal gray 1 punch, 1 kill enemies, but there are also colored enemies that will take multiple attacks before they are finally taken down. You have special attacks in a cooldown system which requires you to kill enemies to put them to use. there are also weapons that are occasionally dropped by enemies waiting for them to be picked up or used in a special way. There are sword type weapons that give you extra range to hit enemies, but there are bows and daggers that are ranged attacks, and a ball of death that you punch multiple times to take out enemies. The game is easy to learn but difficult to master.As a PC gamer, graphics are important to me, but considering this is an indie dev, I could let a little bit slide. The graphics are definitely far from impressive, everything is 2d figures that contrast from where you are in the game, and all the sprites are just colored stick-figures. Other than that, the animations are very flashy and impressive. There are multiple fighting styles which changes the way your stick-figure looks like when he fights, and is very satisfying when you amputate an enemy with a weapon.There are multiple game-modes but after the while they start to feel very repetitive, but thanks to the learning curve, they are always challenging.One finger Death Punch is a great game with a few problems, but are very overlooked to it's flawless combat and satisfying weaponsFor it's price, this game deserves a 9/10"
76561198093755637,Recommended,264200,16349448,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SSJ2 Gundalf,"This game is amazing beyond the realm of words! It gives me constant amount of respection to the creators! (note: respection - when a man respects another man so much, that he gets an erection) It is a MUST buy for everyone on this planet! No really I mean it, this game is amazing, gameplay is flow like river and controls - oh boy those controls are soo good. Sounds are elegant, music kinda lacks but it fits the mood perfectly, so I do not care. I give this game 10/10 for its factor of fun. Beware that this is an indie game, graphic is not a concern here (but still, any other grafic would be worse than this sticky style.)"
,Recommended,264200,11586293,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Seventh Child,"There's not much to say other than this game is amazing.You kung fu the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of people at breakneck speed.You can punch out hearts like that scene in Kung Pow.Looks simple, and it is. But it ramps up the difficulty hard and fast.Stop reading. Get it. It's fun."
,Recommended,264200,16824869,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,erni,"I played it a little only, but i can already say its a lot of fun"
,Recommended,264200,9381792,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Terrie,"Okay, okay, lets all be honest here. This is amazing. The Best. Everytime I play a level on this game I just enjoy myself, for either  the swift attacks you lash out or just the sheer difficulty of the whole thing. Aside from the stupidly hard levels at the very end of the game (which, make you come back for more) this game has litterally no flaws. Butt kicking action? Check. Amazing Graphics? Check. Giant cats on your screen? Check. This game is amazing and without a doubt worth $5, in fact I would pay more. 10/10, just buy it. Please."
,Recommended,264200,15790611,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Ze Casual Doktor,"Dont even think, JUST GET THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,264200,10880941,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Levantis,"This game is fun! Theraputic, too!All you need to do is sit back, grab the mouse and right and left click at the proper time in order to massacre hordes of stick figures."
,Recommended,264200,21887022,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,HajiFreeman,"If you like fun, fast and challenging games.. this one is for you!Loved it."
,Recommended,264200,9792849,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Red,"An amazingly simple yet expansive game that pits you, the lone stickman against the unrelenting hordes of stickmen with only the use of your amazing skills of kung fu controlled by 2 buttons. With an arcade style of play with hundreds of levels with multiple level types and constraints it will definetly hold your attention and enjoyment for a while. 9/10."
,Recommended,264200,12039780,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,🖤Random Nem🖤,One of the greatest games ive have ever played (very good stress reliever) :3
,Recommended,264200,16898717,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Chele Guevara,"Super addicting game, only uses two buttons! laughed way to hard at the ""no Luca no"" mode."
,Recommended,264200,14179118,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Soluna,"I would call it 'good casual fun', but then I'd be wrong.This game isn't casual.Not even slightly.This is a test for true manliness."
76561198068916577,Recommended,264200,10001003,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Lazarus Fox,This game is amazing and extremly addictive.
76561198189617449,Recommended,264200,28747915,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TruebornJester,This game is so addictively fun. Simple to play yet hard to master. So brilliantly presented it doesn't even feel like your only clicking two buttons
,Recommended,264200,16910325,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Dendo,My first review. Came here just to recommend this game. So much fun wooh
,Recommended,264200,10973006,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Shiroyasha,I can't turn off the kung fu
76561198035811692,Recommended,264200,9368909,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,ev,"This game is AWESOME!!! I recommend it to everyone. It's really fun and super addictive. The learning curve is balanced brilliantly, so by the time the enemies start coming in really fast, you're totally ready for it. If you're looking for something different and exciting, BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,264200,16774611,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,bobert awful (F+),"I'm gonna go for the 'Sam Spade in the Maltese Falcon' method of reviewing this game: I'm going to explain all the reasons why I don't want to recommend it, and then I'm going to explain why I WILL recommend it.So here's a big old 'Reasons for No Recommendation' list:- The UI is functional garbage and has all the gravitas of an early 2000's 'I bought Macromedia Dreamweaver 3 at Goodwill and I'm gonna build the best website ever, watch out world' Geocities page.- The narrator is racist as hell.- The game absolutely refuses to remember my settings, so every time I open up the game I have to tell the game to stop using my gamepad, then I have to click on the right arrow a number of times to shut the ♥♥♥♥ing narrator up.- Seriously, can we talk about why the game absolutely refuses to remember my settings? I don't know why the game absolutely refuses to remember the things I tell it, and then it goes and tells me what the light sword round is all about, despite the fact that I've kicked so many asses with that sword that my sword is more♥♥♥♥♥than sword now. Like the game has perpetual amnesia.- Completionist bait re: so many goddamn achievements for a game that's just about stoving in the heads of dudes who dare to run blindly towards your fist.- Why not call it Two Finger Death Punch? (Nitpicking at this point, time to move on.)Those are all the reasons I don't recommend it. Here's why I do:- Round lengths are PERFECT. Not too long, not too short, just right. All you need is a couple of minutes to lay waste to a crowd of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and at the end you'll feel like you've really accomplished something. It taps into that same bloodlust euphoria that Hotline Miami taps into really well.- It gets its sexy so right. The player feedback for punching a dude dead is phenomenal. There's enough variations in the death sequences where you get to see a dude's ribs crack or an eyeball fly or pinning a dude to the ground with your sword to heighten the awesomeness. The tempo the game keeps is ♥♥♥♥ing wonderful.- As you get better, the game gets faster, and it keeps challenging you and you have to answer the ♥♥♥♥ing call by being faster and more precise or it shames you by making the game move slower.- The ability to one-hit kill bosses with thrown weapons is awesome and I really wish more games would do it more often.- The game can make you feel like a badass, but the included No Luca No Survival mode makes this hilarious. This is because in the midst of frenetic kung-fu badass action, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cat walks in front of the screen and shoving it away makes The Whiniest Cat Owner In The World whine at his cat, which hits so embarrasingly close to home that it becomes hilarious.All of these reasons make my 'No Recommendation' list pale in absolute comparison. Yeah, sure, I really wish there wasn't a narrator at all and the game does things that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, but those things are mere hurdles in the way of endlessly satisfying amounts of kicking the asses of dudes. You have to play this and accept the flaws, racist narrators and non-working settings and all. It's worth it."
,Recommended,264200,10729155,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,>：3,"Game says I can have my cursor anywhere on the screne to play, but when I try to play with it over the level reset button it resets the level. wtf?"
76561198154829857,Recommended,264200,20052113,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Arcade Gannon,A ton of fun for just a 2 button game
76561198009428960,Recommended,264200,11963854,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,jfj315,Fast-paced fun. Anybody could pick this game up and have a lot of fun with it.
,Recommended,264200,9408688,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Vertiguous,"The concept is simple, click LMB to attack enemies to your left and RMB to attack enemies to you right. Despite that simplicity, everything you do in this game feels awesome. Except for the earlier levels where you learn the ropes, the game can be quite challenging, which makes going for platinum medals and perfects all the more rewarding!Overall, this game is a great, fast-paced brawler where almost any moment makes you want to say ""F*ck yeah!""."
,Recommended,264200,9416435,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Sibarraz,"Totally recomended game.At first I was put off for the flash look that the game had, but after playing it, I decided that this look helped the game.The mechanic are very simple, you had to right or left click at the exact moment to hit an opponent., the difficult becames harder as you start to advance on the game,  but it still feels fair, also you keep playing a same level just because you want to get a perfect score.Buy this game, is awesome"
,Recommended,264200,16611381,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,MediocreZone,One Finger Death Punch is a fun little game that discouraging button mashing. Though repetitive the game is rather addicting and I can see myself coming back to it in the future.6/10
,Recommended,264200,10966059,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,T H I C C,"This game is just amazing. From the second you start a level, you are attacked by dozens of enemies which slowly become stronger and stronger as the levels go on. at the time of writing this i have only played a small portion, but what i have seen is a brilliant fighting- arcade style experience!"
,Recommended,264200,14058857,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,DatCookieDough,"This game is by definition the best game ever made. The art style and voice-over are hilarious, combat is fun and easy to learn (only two buttons!), more than reasonable price and there are great animations. What really amazes me is the studio's track record (garbage) and then they make this masterpiece.TL,DR; simple to learn, time melter, great fun, ridiculous. I would buy it 5 times over."
,Recommended,264200,14143891,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Francis X. Clampazzo,SO MUCH FUN!
76561198047950482,Recommended,264200,10723923,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Redredtiger,"This game is amazing, i bought it as something to pass the time whilst downloading other games but it quickly took over and i wasn't playing it as a time filler but for fun. Highly recommend it at this low price of $1.99."
76561198143869840,Recommended,264200,11515444,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Plasma,awesome.
,Recommended,264200,10153926,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Piggy,You actually need 2 fingers.
,Recommended,264200,16883017,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Hemix,Great game!And don't worry if you would break your mouse buttons.Tthere still 3 pairs of keyboard ones to wreck with this pure awesomeness!
,Recommended,264200,15957718,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Therexa,"This game is phenomenal, cheap and a MUST BUY.The game begins easy at the start and gradually works its way up to being actually quite challenging; especially on the later levels. The range of enemies that require different fighting 'patterns' and the wide variety and types of levels keeps things fresh and always keeps you on your toes so that you never really play the same level the same way.Because each level in itself is reasonably short you can play them in short bursts during your lunch breaks without having to worry about getting half-way through and having to quit and lose huge amounts of progress. Alternatively you can try and master through all the levels in a weekend or day off; perfect for stress relief.The 'mastery' and perfection system in this game is also another reason I'd highly recommend it. Each level you play through awards you medals from nothing to the all sacred 'perfect medal' for a flawless game. For someone like myself who loves a challenge, this mechanic is amazing because I could play the same level 10+ times aiming for the elusive flawless game, still miss it and not care because I was having too much fun to care.But what really works well in this game is it's adaptive difficulty. But, what's that?Well, if you're kicking bad guys asses too often and blazing through the levels super quick or just generally finding the game too easy, the enemies will get faster and harder to predict until you ultimately get your asses kicked instead (which actually makes for a lot of chaotic fun).And yet, if you're having trouble passing a level because they run at you too fast or you just can't get the patterns right the game will slow 'em down a little for you and give you a little breathing room... but don't expect it to hold your hand.tl;drWhat other game can make you feel like an awesome kung-fu master kicking bad guys asses using only two buttons? Answer: Nothing, BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,264200,16921506,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Kivak,$5 for the game... $30 per mouse destroyed while playing...10/10 ...will destroy mouse again...
,Recommended,264200,10819894,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Words of Ivory,"This is quite possibly the greatest games you will ever play in your entire life.No, really.Just take my word for it.Seriously."
,Recommended,264200,14859617,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Can we make friends?,Bang.Bang.Bang. Nice time killer.o\|/| |
,Recommended,264200,11109592,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,W H A T G U Y,"Ever watch those crazy stick man fighting movies you see on youtube. Well combine that with simple controls, fast pace gameplay, EPIC fighting animation, Fun <-(thats a important one) and combine that all together and u get this game. Its SOOOO fun and if i ever get bored i would always go play this. This Game is worth the money."
76561197993544482,Recommended,264200,16387862,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Varjoherra,Easily the most fun you can have with you´re clothes on 10/10MUST BUY!
76561198055358882,Recommended,264200,15748586,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,oshiwaddap,Attack swiftly but not recklessly.
,Recommended,264200,15908311,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Yoda-Plusch-23,Its a silver dollar game so you might think its the worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ever but in fact it isnt :Dcan confirm 10/10 would buy again but not for more then 0.5 dollars
76561198072602961,Recommended,264200,13928853,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Draymarc,"Frantic, fast paced, and utterly AWESOME. Reccomend playing with Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance soundtrack."
,Recommended,264200,9418105,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,彡 MoeChilla 彡,"This game is amazing and it's for only 5 dollars, Definitely worth your money if you like fast paced action games. To me, I love playing those type of games that take intense focus and pumps you up, it got me hooked within an hour, Instead of finding the stages repetivive they have lots of variations and the enemies aren't simplistic either, Different variety of skills to suit your playstyle as well, for a two button game it's really interesting how it has a lot of options. Also for people who keep dying the game speed lowers so you can clear the level, the better you keep playing the faster the game gets, which is where the game really shines. You can play it faster after you beat the game in Master difficulty and then extremely fast in Grand Master.Warning: You might want to get a new mouse due to intense mouse clicking action :p"
76561198069742963,Recommended,264200,9369015,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Zara,"If you have 10-15 minutes to kill every once and a while I would recommend getting this game. You can use frozen people as a weapon, so you can beat a mother ♥♥♥♥er with another mother ♥♥♥♥er."
,Recommended,264200,15682729,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Alex™,How to play:1. Install game.2. Play Dubstep music.3. Play game with Dubstep.11/10 -IGN.
76561197972541594,Recommended,264200,28151218,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Birdfound,This game is a masterpiece.
,Recommended,264200,28157061,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,NickO,Ridiculously fun
76561197988722233,Recommended,264200,9614267,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,YanTS,"This is absolutely super awesome!Only half an hour in the game, but already devoured.This is a dream game.One of my best non-sale purchase on steam."
,Recommended,264200,13596998,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Doc,Hand cramp simulator 2014.
,Recommended,264200,10773963,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nekokeki,Simple mechanic.  Incredibly quick game to pickup.  It's oddly satisfying.  Buy it.
76561198078274857,Recommended,264200,31891343,Posted: 21 May,all,ImalaSimak,"You have seen those animated stickman fights on youtube, right? This is the same but you play it. It's as awesome as it sounds. SO WTF ARE YOU WAITING FOR? BUY IT!"
,Recommended,264200,33060469,Posted: 30 June,all,Thunderstyle,This game is as fun as it is simple. Great button mash to play in short bursts whenever you're lacking internet or stuck on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC.
76561198025758732,Recommended,264200,10271885,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Saximus,"If Super Hexagon was a 2D brawler.This game is the epitome of ""easy to learn, difficult to master."" There are exactly two commands: attack left and attack right. The first few stages are nice and slow for you to get the hang of things, but before you know it, you're mashing the left and right mouse buttons (or left and right arrow keys, or LB and RB, or X and B...) lightning fast with perfect precision, destroying everything that dares to come near you.For the amount of content (dozens upon dozens of challenge missions and multiple endless modes) and the amount of sheer fun, One Finger Death Punch is an absolute steal at five dollars."
76561198111053408,Recommended,264200,11398279,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,bostue,Awesome game! More fun with 2 buttons than you can possibly imagine.
,Recommended,264200,24655355,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,bassMonkey,Love it. Great stress buster. Love the overly exaggerated accents. It's basically a more fun version of block-drop. 8/10
,Recommended,264200,17965443,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Brovahkiin,"I have no idea how to play this game, but there's blood and dead guys everywhere.I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,264200,17915732,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Cizu -iwnl-,FIGHT USING ONLY THE LEFT AND RIGHT MOUSE BUTTONSOne of the best indie games i've ever played. Totaly fun.10/10
76561198203125336,Recommended,264200,17959334,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Electrokami,"This is a brilliant game, seems simple but turns out to be harder than it looks, but it is badass, that is one really good thing about it."
,Recommended,264200,18141119,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,#uofa engineering,"Play some inspirational music in your background on youtubbs or something.Open this gamePlay a level, or play 100Feel like a movie hero in the gameI just love this game. Who doesn't? JUST BUY IT!"
,Recommended,264200,19399041,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Evi,"One Punch Man, stick versionHow to know if you're good at the game :1) Ask your friends how many kills they do in survival mode (friend told me 500. I did 2500, was pretty proud, stickmen are coming really fast after 2000 kills.)2) Check leaderboards.3) First player is at 66 000 kills.4) Close game. Ask shaolin monks how to fortify fingers.5) Come back after 3 months of training. Change your steam profile picture to show how strongs are your fingers now. Still can't beat 66k.Conclusion :One finger Death Punch good players have stronger fingers than shaolin monks.9 fingers/10 would break my mouse and one finger death punch my girlfriend again."
,Recommended,264200,19405424,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Blood Eagle,What a great game. It's amazing how this game made it possible for men also have unlimited pleasure with 2 fingers
,Recommended,264200,9406493,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Flash~Step,PLAY THIS GAME USING ONLY THE LEFT AND RIGHT MOUSE BUTTONSMOB BATTLEFIGHTPUUUFECTO!!!
,Recommended,264200,17803209,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Fantse Rishea,The only game that's not Adventure-Capitalist-like and that lets you eat and play at the same time.10/10 would buy a new mouse again
,Recommended,264200,10624998,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tacos Entail,An amazing game you can play for hours on end. It doesnt look and feels like you shouldnt be able to play it for hours and have a great time but you can.
76561198044432874,Recommended,264200,10845662,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tusakir,"This game is an instant classic. Thought I would never use that phrase. Who thought a game with only 2 buttons could be so addictive? It's engaging and has lots of variety, not to mention hundreds of levels on 3 difficulties. I've barely cleared half of the first difficulty though I've played for 10 hours. It is not a button masher, timing is everything. Fast reflexes and excellent visual perception won't do you any harm either.Kudos to the developers, Silver Dollar: you've really outdone yourself on developing your dream game. One of the level ending texts describes it pretty well. PRO TIP: Mens bathroom logo man as main character equals awesome game."
,Recommended,264200,17468792,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,orange.man.from,"I just want to lay some ground rules here before we start... Youhaveto be dedicated, there's no way you can expect to finish or halfway finish on the whim that you feel like it. This is a journey, you're in, or you quit. Second, this I will defend this game to my grave. And third, there is no third. Now, onto this horridly long review, this'll be fun.I do believe I understand a thing or two about this game, just check my achevements and I've compleated Grandmaster mode, which is no walk in the park. let me start you off with the basics, you press to the right, you kill the enemy to your right, you press to the left, you kill the enemy to the left. you fight an enemy with more than one hit, you hit him again either right or left. Very basic, and this basic combat system does not change throughout the entirety of the game. Reading this after the other reviews, you know this becomes less simple, and levels become increasingly difficult. I'll just tell you that this is how the game is played, it can't be done another way. Another basic is the map, you start from the left side, and you fight your way to the right, collecting power-ups and skills along with increased combat experience all the way. The last basic this you need to know is not distract youself. I know this sounds easy but losing your focus can cost you life, maybe even your own...Now that you know the basics, lets explore the game. The game's level types are:Mob rounds (The most common and the core of the game)Speed rounds (Basically Mob rounds but to see how fast you can do them)Boss Rounds (You find these all over the place and they're difficult)Light Sword and Nunchuku Rounds (The player's worst nightmare on the higher speeds, the Nunchuku rounds are easier)Retro Film Rounds (There to make the brawler fights harder)Thuderstorm Rounds (Something I can't wrap my head around as hard because of the change in colors, or a gift because the brawlers or non-existant, anyways, these are hard too)Dagger, Bomb, Defender rounds (I f****** hate these rounds. thery're fast and if you mess up ONE TIME YOU DIE!!!)Smash rounds (Basically survive until the game is over, the fake objective is to smash enemies into objects)Survival rounds (You can skip these)And Finally, the Multi-Rounds, i think these are easy because there are little enimies and you memorize them after doing it over and over again)Now, you can't have levels without any enimies now can you...There are several combinations of enemies, most enemies can be killed with a sigle hit, others are a bit more unique. Oh, and all enimies are capable of holding wepons (We'll cover that later)Gray (one shot, one kill enemies)Colored enemies... (There's a space under them to show you how to react to them).. too vague? well how about you memorize all the colors of enemies??? Oh O.K. I'll try to remember...Green (Hit two times in their direction to kill them))Blue (Hit towards them once, hit the other way once)This is where there become too many colors, just know they have up to four hits.Brawlers (You learn to dislike these guys because you don't know how many hits they have. When you hit these enemies you have to kill them before you can fight another enemy)Warning, this next message could be classified as spoiler, scroll over at your own risk.""?""  (You can never tell how many hits these guys have. Exclusive to the end of Master and During Grandmaster mode)Thrower (Gray enemies whose soul purpose is to toss a wepon that upon capture can be thrown at other enemies. It is pointless to attempt killing these enemies because not only do they move along with the edge of the screen, but because their wepon counts as their kill)Boss enemies (no different from normal color enemies except they are exclusive to Boss rounds and after completion of ther hits continually spawn new ones until the health bar at the top of the screen is depleated)These are the wepons in this game, wepons are either picked up from killed enemies, throwers, on special rounds such as Dagger, Bomb, Defender, or after being depleted to one health you are given the golden sword for the remainder of the level, whether it be dying or becoming victorious. All wepons except thrown wepons increase your hit zone for a duration of time.Staffs (Then most common of the wepons, the thrown ability kills three enemies on distributed equally among the two different sides.)Clubs (Have a cool effect when swung, thrown ability is confusing to predict as it will ocasionally bounce over enemies and kill or miss them, very annoying)Swords (By far the coolest looking and sounding wepon in the game, their thrown ability clears an entire side of the screen of anything, thrown wepons to brawlers, the sword does it all, just be sure to mind the other side of the screen too)The Spiked Ball Of Death (The Ball is going to become the wepon you will use until you can no longer humainly contain it within the boundries of the screen. You hit the ball, it hits an enemy, the enemy dies. Amazing wepon and I always use it until I miss a hit... and it bounces off the screen. Such a sad death)Daggers, Bombs, and Arrows (You pick these wepons up either by killing an enemy holding a Bow and/or Dagger, Bomb or in Dagger/Bomb rounds. When these wepons make contact with an enemy they die. Only downside is that you do not move while using these three wepons, meaning you have to use them fast and then keep going or else enemies may catch up to you)Other Dead Bodies (While it is extremely rare, you may occasionally pick up a fallen enemy and use him to bash out the brains of his own kind)Well, that covers the combat and the map, keep reading if you aren't sold, but down here contains fatal game flaws as well as more positive stuff. Continue at your own risk, and while you're at it, buy this $5 game, it's worth it.O.K. You stuck around. Now we use personal experience, and a bit of reading on the internet, to see what real-life premises are lurking about in the hard-to-reach hidden gameplay mechanics you probably haven't gotten word about... Secretive enough for you?So let's give the bad news first. There are, enevitably, fatal flaws in this one-of-a-kind brawler. I'll give you the biggies, and the smallies (Thumbs up if you think that's a word).Common complaints:""Time-Warping""-- A game mechanic designed to give you a tiny break in the action and show off your stick-man's epic skills. however, this simple and honest slow motion has the potential to catch you off guard at higher speeds. And getting yourself thrown off is the number 1 thing you can't have happen.Dagger/Bomb rounds-- Special rounds scattered across the map.Such flaws or misconceptions lead to the few negative reviews for this title. And it's sad to say, but the bad reviews usually come from the ones with the greatest play times.To be continued... What? It's two in the morning, this review os taking forever to write so I'm going to bed. O.K. I promise I'll finish writing, just, eh... I'll finish it, this game means enough to me to finish it. BUY THE GAME WHO SAYS INDIE SUCKS THIS ROCKS!!!"
,Recommended,264200,16047028,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Makraiz,This game is awesome!  I highly recommend it.  Very much worth it at $4.99.
76561198113607006,Recommended,264200,17292629,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,leroynukenson,this game makes it so easy to be a badass!!!
,Recommended,264200,31818725,Posted: 18 May,all,TheBigHorn,"If you're thinking about buying the game, do it. If you're not thinking about buying the game, do it anyway. Force your enemies to bow at your feet. Become the unquestionable master of combat. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,264200,10243907,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Daddy Senpai,Now we see that there are only 3 bad reviews out of 1923 including mine. This really says something about the quality. I'm nowhere near beating the game yet and I already got my moneys worth. But if it wasn't for TotalBiscuit's positive review I wouldn't have bought it. I'm sure Ben Yahtzee Crowshaw will like it if he bothers to review it. The only flaws I can find are the no options menu and the fact that you need to have the reflexes of a cheetah and the patience of a rock to get Perfect 0 Misses. But that only brings it down to a 9.75/10. It's very satisfying. You need to lose half of your brain to not like this game.
,Recommended,264200,33622881,Posted: 17 July,all,Killerdons,"One finger death punch is a game where you have to use two fingers, one for the left mouse button and the other for the right. If the enemies come from the left, you press the left mouse button and vice versa. The enemies vary, some require a single click and others require you to press the buttons in a certain sequence. The game progresses in an acceptable manner in terms of difficulty, mostly by speeding up the pace and increasing the amount of enemies you must eliminate at once or in a stage. Includes all the weapons you expect from a kung fu game, including swords, spear, arrows, nun chuks etc. Once you finish the campaign with various difficutly options provided, you can go for the survival mode, which includes leader boards for you to reign supreme at the top.The game features a very good soundtrack and keeps you engaged in the battle with the fusion of classic kung fu music and futuristic beats.Overall it's a very good casual game that can improve your rythm, reaction time and increase the control of your two fingers. Something that you can play after a session of an intense  hardcore game."
,Recommended,264200,10783905,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,thesawolf,An amazingly simple but addictive game :) I should get a throw away mouse to use for it so I don't wear out my regular mouse with all the mouse clicking. hehe
,Recommended,264200,10964002,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Vincenzo,I now have carpal tunnel...10/10
,Recommended,264200,33199768,Posted: 3 July,all,|||| | D r | | M a n i a | ||||,A | D r | | M a n i a | reviewOne Finger Death PunchScore=7.5/10ProsConsDecent graphics for a stickman fighting gameNeeds some sort of character customizationGood game to replay when offlineRepetitive after a hour gametimeStays true to the Stick figure animationsToo many repeated levelsCombat looks amazingBosses need to be more developed and interestingCommentsThe game takes a simple mechanic to a whole new level.The game allows for a quick adventure and energetic gameplay
,Recommended,264200,16532787,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Shammy,"This game is about 100 times more fun than it has any right to be.Worth it at full price, more than worth it ony any kind of sale."
,Recommended,264200,10504038,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,GoDLikUS,One of the best games...ever!
,Recommended,264200,9392073,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,leXith,"1/10 - In-game options3/10 - Menu/Game Navigation7/10 - Music/Sounds8/10 - Video10/10 - GameplayNEGATIVES:You can't adjust screen resolution.  Your video options are full screen or windowed with smaller/larger scales.  There are no sound options.  You can't adjust keyboard/mouse/controller bindings.  Navigating the game's map to select your ""mission"" (for lack of a better word) requires you to use your mouse.  I personally prefer to use the left and right arrows to play this game, and moving my hand to and from the mouse can be annoying, especially during the multi-match ""missions.""POSITIVES:Gameplay is absolutely outstanding!  The graphics are very impressive for a brawler.  The effects are very well crafted.  The game zooms in for finishers (which slow the game pace, but not enough to really bother you during your slaughter-fest), almong other special effects which do other small things you'll enjoy.  The game is EXTREMELY responsive to your commands (which is a must for a brawler like this).  To top all of this off, it's only $5 (I myself picked it up on sale for $4).OVERALL:You need to own this game.  There are very few games that I sincerely go out of my way to recommend to others.  This title is one of them.  Don't let the negatives put you off from owning this title.  I hope they fix them, but given that this game has such an amazing gameplay, I would not advise you to miss it due to them.On a side note:  Look forward to the golden sword.  It's like a scene straight out of a kung fu movie. :D"
76561198363873976,Recommended,264200,31799603,Posted: 16 May,all,FredSavage187,"Wow.  Just flawless.  It's everything you could hope for, and then some.  So, so simple, yet so, so compelling...""just one more stage.""  ""Ok, just one more stage.""  ""I'm just going to get a perfect on this stage, then I'm done for thenight...what?A new skills stage?  I'm just gonna unlonck that...""  And so on.Ultra-rudimentary graphics, and so beautiful at the same time.   The use of slo-mo and manipulating the game speed based on your performance is brilliant.  And even though there isn't any actual feedback from the game, the mouse might as well be vibrating each time you land a blow.   It certainly hits the ""instant gratification"" button usually reserved only for certain illegal substancees.  One of the most entertaining, addictive games I've played in a long time.  And for five bucks?  How could you not?  Get this game immediately.  I'm just gonna beat this boss stage..."
76561198199152975,Recommended,264200,27895870,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,-$\Positivevibez/$-,You only need one finger to play this game.Btw this game is awesome.
,Recommended,264200,11390400,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,instagram.com/horse_duck_art,"This game sits on the border between beat em' up and rythm games. The core is simple: characters come from left and right, you are in the middle. You attack with the left and right button of the mouse. You can't even move. While this concept might feel simplistic, there's quite a lot of depth to it, and untold level of difficulties hidden below the surface of such a simple mechanic.But even if you don't want to delve too deep into it, it is a masterfuly done time waster, great for short time breaks (great if you are a smoker - since you just need one hand to play).The cherry on top of the whole package is the Art Direction or, to better put it, the lack of it. The theme of the game is a weird mix of semi-realistically digitally painted Shaw Brothers type heroes and animated silohuette characters for the actual levels. Everything is a mess of overdesign and exaggeration, and the game looks wonderfuly campy thanks to it."
,Recommended,264200,11489667,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Epidra,"A long time ago, there were those little flashvideos where a little a single stickfigure beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a group of stickfigure enemies. And now we finally got this in Video Game Form.The creators of the videos and this game are not the same,but the idea is very similar. You get a stickfigure to control on the middle of the screen and use the left and right mouse button to smash your opponent on your left or right side. Don't take it easily because you only have two button for the entire game. The strength of this lies in the difficulty to beat those figures. Some of them need more than one hit to go down and can even switch sides, which makes mindless buttonmashing a death sentence.GameplayIn general, this game discourages you to just mash the poor button. One Finger Death Punch 01Similar to the Kung Fu Fighting movies some enemies need a complex succession of punches, or in this case 2 cicks left 2 clicks right before ist over. But beware my friend. Some Opponents with more than just 1 HP tend to switch side if you hit them and you could miss if you don't watch carefully and that makes you stunned for a short time and vulnerable for a counterattack. Luckily the devs are good guys and colored the enemies after their movement pattern. Green ones stays on one side no matter how much you hit them, orange ones switch sides after every strike.During the course of the game you can get abilites like healing or freezing all enemies on one side, which get activated after a certain body count. A nice feature, but you can go through the game even without this. You get these abilities unlocked in adventure mode where you travel the land on a game board to finally meet and beat your master. The board itself contains various challanges you need to win in order to progress. The challenges get a little repitive after a while, especially the standart challenge where just have to beat a certain amount of enemies without special restrictions.One Finger Death Punch 02The last point in Gameplay I find worth a notice are weapons. It ranges from swords to maces to bows and does nothig more than inreasing your attack range. But if you already hold a weapon and grab another one you can throw the second one like a dealy projectile and hit multiple enemies at once. It's another story with ranged weapons of course. You just stand there and shoot it in the direction you're pressing.Music & SoundThe game has several music tracks to offer, depending on which challange you currently take on. Nothing special, but adds a nice atmosphere.A far better job at achieving an atmosphere is doing your chinese master who is speaking from beyond your game and explaining part of the menu and the objectives of the challenges, if you want it or not. Which is a little negative aspect on it, because after a dozen times you know how this challenge works and you just want him to shut up.ConclusionDid you wanted to feel like Bruce Lee or are you just mad at something and want to hurt someone, this is the game for you. For anyone else you have a pretty solid casual game on hand. A simple yet addictive gameplay, interesting challenges, the wish to beat the highscore and over 150 achievement can keep you going for a while. Though it can get frustrating sometimes.If you want to get a better look at a playthrough of this game just click the link below:http://youtu.be/vC7w2TVh8jE?list=UUMxIS2guRxfCuJ1gllMecuAFor more Reviews visit my Blog at:http://achievementunlockblog.wordpress.com/home/"
,Recommended,264200,11360802,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,"The Monkey, The Myth, The Meme",This game makes snorting coke seem like a time for relaxation.*SNORT*/10 Best Fighting game ever made.
76561198056157463,Recommended,264200,11467951,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Ryujin,Get it and find out I just don't want to spoil it for anyone however it is well worth it and addicting :P!!
,Recommended,264200,9977131,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Toasted Sandvich Maker,Surprisingly fun for a seemingly simple game.  Ridiculous number of achievements.  But the best part is the survival mode where a cat keeps walking onto the screen and you have to shoo him off so you can see behind him.
,Recommended,264200,11671543,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Strider,"Actually a great martial arts game. Secretly a deceptively fun rhythm game. You're actually using two fingers of course to play this game with your mouse but if I could, they've both be thumbs and they'd be up."
,Recommended,264200,13270349,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,The Puddle,fast paced. unique and diffrent. what else could you want?
76561197970075793,Recommended,264200,12959813,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,gracenote108,"I've only played this for a short while at the time of writing this review, but I'm already loving this game. Video games are meant to be fun. They shouldn't be work or cause any sort of stress on the player. Games these days feel like you're doing some sort of work to get some enjoyment out of it. You have to work to get a satisfying result. They could be fun or they could not be, but in any case, you're doing some level of work.There is no work in this game. You're thrown straight into the fun. The gameplay is very simple: you control the character using just two mouse buttons, and they are simply just attack buttons. There are no buttons for moving around. You move around with each attack you make to the oncoming enemies, and that's pretty much it. It sounds simple, but it's not. It's totally fun.The game is definitely worth five bucks. It's a purchase you won't regret."
76561198051289097,Recommended,264200,9335593,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Jono,Awesome Game!
,Recommended,264200,9342157,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Carnivore Angel,"This game is INSANE.  The trailers give you a sense of what it looks like, but they don't have a hope of conveying what it feels like to play, and that feeling is GREAT.  If you're an action gamer looking for something quirky and different, but fun, then this is a must buy.  That, and it's dirt cheap."
,Recommended,264200,10968238,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Gooey,"Game lies, he uses his whole hand to kill people0/10"
76561198073842556,Recommended,264200,16383493,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,astrologer xd,"After 20 minutes of this game, I conclude it's the best game I've ever played (even if I suck).1337/10 would watch if movie"
,Recommended,264200,32908279,Posted: 27 June,all,nerdbird,i like to punch people
,Recommended,264200,13725822,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,skr00t,Love it so far! :D
,Recommended,264200,15605100,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Hail Trackanon,"Most fun I've ever had with one thumb (legally, anyway)Q: Should you buy it?A: Overwhelmingly Positive - 99% of the 6,497 user reviews for this game are positive.Make that 6,498.There is a 99% chance yours will be, too.10/10"
,Recommended,264200,9384414,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Canuas,"Ever wanted to experience To start off, this reminds me of Hyun's animations, beautifully crafted and executed.- It's also ruining my life(( Example --http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzxjGEPTPZw))Okay, so, ever wanted to experience a high skilled, hard to master game with just one hand emulating the power of Bruce Lee's fiery Asian hands whilst inconspicuously idling the other hand for personal reasons? Look no further, for $4.00 AUD ($3.99) you, the consumer, are getting beyond your monies worth, here!; this game tailors in Kung-fu combat that can reach a ludicrously fun pace with brings in a staggering amount of variation to the fighting mechanics, intense action entwined with precision, calculation and consistent perseverance. The style may disinterest a lot of gamers, but honestly, the aesthetics of this game is remarkably beautiful in its own unique way, even the combat itself draws you in like an unambiguous fat kid staring at delicious cheesecake, you just want more and more.Did I mention there's an abundant of missions, modes, weapons, skills, protagonists, and all sorts of crazy mechanics to branch out your entertainment? Well there is!Oh, and one last thing; don't think you can get away with just button mashing, either.. mo'♥♥♥♥a."
,Recommended,264200,11061844,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Paraakie C137,"This game is the first rhythm game, I enjoyed.In this game you only have two controls - the left and right mouse button, which make your character either attak to the left or right. With these basics you'll have to fight hords of other stickmans.And there are a lot of ways to kill a stickman, my favourite being throwing an enemy into the air and let them land on your weapon - IMPALEEEED!!! The variety of fight moves, which 'unlock' by getting combos, weapons and different kinds of levels keep you playing for a while. Although after you experienced all levels, they'll get only harder and frustrating, but very rewarding.I think this is one of the hidden gems in the rythm genre and is a must-have, highly recommended.NOTE: The soundtrack is pretty damn good and fully worth the prize, in case you don't enjoy the game."
,Recommended,264200,34173896,Posted: 11 August,all,Ava Tris,"Quite the grind if you want to progress through all game modes, and I may have worn out my mouse while doing so. Nonetheless, probably the most fun you can have with two fingers on your own."
,Recommended,264200,12286029,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,[i]Henx,"This was a huge suprise to me, but this game is a ton of fun to play. It is exremely satisfying to play and to do well on, as each hit has a very satisfying feel to it. Even though you are a stick figure fighting off other stick figures, you can't help but feel like a little bit of a ninja master after doing a perfect run through of a mission. In this way, it has a good deal of replayability as you will want to make perfect your score on every level. This game is one of the best examples of how simple mechanics do not equal a simple, basic experience. It is anything but - it makes use of its simplicity so well you will quickly forget it only has two buttons for you to press..."
,Recommended,264200,13772041,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Yuri (The first Cosmonaut),Best action game of 2014 - 10/10
,Recommended,264200,20974530,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,asepwashere,Carpal Tunnel Simulator
,Recommended,264200,9337957,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,catowar,"Already woth th 4$ I spent, Got 4$? recommend."
,Recommended,264200,9411135,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,☬☭☢-Gunfin-☢☭☬,Everybody Was Kung Fu Fighting: The game. 10/10
,Recommended,264200,10738266,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,The Butcher's Nail,Drunken Fist mode activated!10/10
,Recommended,264200,25500060,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,collegatore,"Excellence in simplicity. Keep your timing, learn right rhythm and dive in meditation)"
,Recommended,264200,25366936,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,~Lil RubyRose~,"Ok this is definitely a little gem. It definitely takes some concentration.. well if you want perfect scores on levels at least :) Certainly got a few giggles out of me with the animated violence and cute graphic content. Fun, challenging and simple controls make this an awesome addition to your Steam library. Although, you might wanna learn to use both hands, unless one handed is how you like it :P"
,Recommended,264200,23204695,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,おいしい枕,Stickmans are fighting... How cool is that pls OOO: ?Never seen before in that level.U just use ur mouse (left and right click) and people are running in ur place and u click the right button in the right moment.Story me not avaible sadly...But what is making this game amazing and not a waste of money is the survival mode (endless mode)where u survive. There are no waves or something like that.U rank up in the global lists with the max amount of kills in ur round.It is alot of fun and a nice change from the big titles.
,Recommended,264200,13071825,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Schwa,I AM A KUNG FU MASTER FOR ONCE IN MY LIFE! BEST $5 EVAR SPENT!
,Recommended,264200,13176634,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SonsOfLiberty86,2 button fighting game. It's a 2 button fighting game. 2 buttons. 2.Only 2 buttons.
,Not Recommended,264200,26511090,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,M.A.R.K,"The game it's self is great, it has a focus point and runs with itI just Hope your ready to repeatly say ""I clicked that!"".I play by repeating and timing.... which is why random slowdown is♥♥♥♥♥♥ occasionally after hitting an enemy the game will slow down and show a cool finishing move. as far as i can tell, they are compleatly random and cause me to miss an attack.if you're trying to perfect every level that little problem makes it impossible. unless you're willing to spend a few hours for the levels"
,Recommended,264200,28615189,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BuchLite,WATTTAAAWWW......
,Recommended,264200,25582845,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Liro Raériyo,"A simple control scheme and concept given such a depth that it is crushing to try and reach its bottom, anyone whos a fan of the classic fighting movies from the 70s will get a kick out of this forsure, and adrenaline-junkie twitch-reaction types will be able to push themselves to the limit."
76561198040030741,Recommended,264200,11593817,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,horheristo,I've split a boulder with my index finger after clearing this game 10/10
,Not Recommended,264200,33461537,Posted: 11 July,all,Pelia,"I played this game for a couple dozen hours before I got it on Steam, I just wanted to give it a second chance.This game has a great concept that is, unfortunately, spoiled by small details around it to a degree it is only enjoyable at first; later, it is unsatisfying, exasperating and constantly being a♥♥♥♥♥♥against you in a fairly discouraging manner that has you rendered simply too demotivated to ""git gud"". And I finished playing Dark Souls twice, so I should know the feeling.Now, the basic concept is excellent. Controls and gameplay are trimmed down to where it matters, you have just two buttons, and in spite of controls being this simple, it is very, very engaging. Many enemies require a variety of attack patterns to kill and you must be ready to adapt on the fly. There is a couple game mode types which actually make for fun variety as well. Graphics are just a slight improvement on stick figure animations; 90s kids ought to enjoy that, and it doesn't hurt anything, because you will be so focused on the game you won't even care about 50% of the screen. The general badassery is immense, you truly will feel like a martial arts god that is piling men on a molehill of corpses.The game also features semi-random events and lets you take enemies' weapons, which lengthen your attack range or slow time or provide some insta-killing advantage. You also get skills which help you in certain ways, like lenghtening the durability of the picked up weapons or instantly killing some enemies, which activate after a given amount of kills automatically or on next attack.This is where I'm getting to the details that merely mess the game up. At first, these events are a welcome help! Time slows down for you so you can watch in awe how all the enemies get murdered by your Shaolin Tiger rampage and helps you in tight moments. Eventually, you stop caring about aesthetics and get right into the flow, and by then, all the skills and random events start throwing sticks under your feet.I want to punch an enemy that is about to enter my attack range but time slows down because of that dagger I threw half a second before and it somehow triggers a slow-mo, which means I miss my swing and the ""perfect"" badge goes bye bye for me to try the entire round again. There is also a Ball of Death, which has you kick it, and it kills anyone in one hit. The Ball is pretty sneaky though, and if you don't see that someone brought it to you, you kill a 3-click enemy in one click, but you keep clicking, you miss, and you fail again. The Ball also often unexpectedly decides to ♥♥♥♥ off the screen even though it passes right next to you, so you try to kick it, it doesn't work, you miss.Combine that with the fact the game has very wierd rules about giving you the ""perfect"" award (not getting hit), it sometimes happened that after a long and hard effort on my part, the game gave me a middle finger. Once, I got hit once and received the award anyway. Then you have a game that looks amazing and feels amazing at the start, but the moment you get serious, it just starts stabbing you in the heart. Some may argue that the game adapts the speed of the game to your performance, but the increments in which that happens are ridiculous. The game almost never feels satisfying in terms of difficulty. It's either too slow, or too fast, not to mention the difficulty is inconsistent even in a single given level.The concept is great, but its execution is dissapointing and discouraging giving any more than a few hours into the game. It's only a momentary craze. If this sounds good enough to you for the price, go ahead and buy it, but I know ways to spend the money for this better."
,Recommended,264200,16550635,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ushio,"you can't move in this game, you just have to click mouse button...... it's fun tho x3note : keep your mouse warm ;3"
,Recommended,264200,10056941,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Sirtoinou of Adagio,"So you got 5 bucks in hand? You want a game to play for 10 minutes in between game sessions? With simple yet hardcore gameplay?You'll get addicted to it in no time, it's hilarious, frentic and satisfying.Buy it.Go for it, seriously just do it,DO IT NOW."
,Recommended,264200,18820289,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mr._Kebab,"This is one of those games you buy, because it's cheap and fun. Maybe spend some minutes on it while waiting for a friend ...But you end spending hours, discovering over time how much this gameplay is simple, deep and addictive.For this low price, this is a must-have in your steam library"
,Recommended,264200,19365177,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Thom,In my Opinon one of the best Beat 'em up fighting games out there and only £1.99 on sale and £3.99 normal price. Crazy how a game with that low of a price tag is more entertaining than most £50.00 triple A titles being realised these days. The medal system really makes you want to carry on playing and platinum all the levels! good luck!
,Recommended,264200,19408052,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Доктор Джулеп,"It's really simple game, but you fell like badass, when you beat new level."
,Recommended,264200,19223829,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,festeringMongoose,"One Punch Man, the game."
,Recommended,264200,19472828,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ok,"Great game, perfect time waster"
,Recommended,264200,13407893,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Hemp_Smoker07,Almost as good as the phone version!
,Recommended,264200,19225031,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Wildt,"Contrary to popular belief this game is best played with 2 fingers. But dang. That anyone could squeeze this much gameplay into two buttons is so very, very impressive.Press left button: Attack left.Press right button: Attack right.I imagined spending a few bucks on an indie title priced like this would buy me 2-3 hours of mediocre entertainment. It gave me 10+ hours of great fun. The level of polish and variation the developers put into this extremely simple concept deserves respect. It's a home run guys.My suggestion: Watch the video, and if it doesn't put you off, then BUY IT.95%"
,Recommended,264200,16566669,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,chrisdaley007,"One Finger Death Punch - This looks like a stupid game, but it's on sale for a buck so what the heck.10 Mins Later - Why can't I stop playing this stupid game?30 Mins Later - I love this stupid game!"
76561198213896639,Recommended,264200,19534277,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,WolfDanTheGamer,"This is a game that takes old school Kung Fu movies and Rail shooters and makes a baby out of it. After playing it for some time I really want a new mouse when playing it. Presation wise its simple but this is not a game you should be taking too lightly. The game is a fast pasce fight which at first it holds your hand, but the game gets harder as you play on. I love the music which sets the setting petty well. There is no story as far as I know but they are penty of stages to beat through. One Finger Death Punch ain't for the weak of mind but its a game that I love to play for the kung fu than anything else. I'll give it a 9 out of 10."
76561198040361266,Recommended,264200,9581396,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Tuor,"How can such a simple game be so epic?Don’t let the look of the game fool you, this game gets rock hard and awesomely graphic very quickly.  There is no story to speak of but I don’t think it needs one, all it does is put an army in front of you in the middle of a thunderstorm and says “bet you can’t beat all of em without missing once or taking a single hit”.  One of the most satisfying for me is when the game goes into slow mo to show the opponents heart shoot out the back of his chest or give an X-ray shot of his ribcage crumpling by your fist.  This game disserves to be popular just for the spectacle of it.Bottom line, if you’re looking for a simple game that will challenge your button mashing tendencies and has a bunch of “oh♥♥♥♥♥♥” moments, than this is the game for you."
,Recommended,264200,10295105,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,LegaLoli,This game is so fun :D it is an obvious buy
76561198076815533,Recommended,264200,9506239,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Scyrol Reborn,"Excellent gameplay and the different game modes adds a new challange, plus the simplicity of this game makes it even more interesting."
,Recommended,264200,9390345,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,QQ Chuck Norris,"This game is ridiculously fun.  I've never been that good at button mashers, so it hasn't taken long to get used to the style of fighting.  It's similar to the patterns and rhythm you have to use in the Batman fighting, but more gratifying."
,Recommended,264200,9400843,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,rithym,Love It!!
76561197997534223,Recommended,264200,9391718,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Spuk,Do yourself a favor and buy this game.I didnt have so much fun in videogame in long time.
,Recommended,264200,9397113,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Approximaton.TKK,"Left hand ""beer,"" right hand mouse. Pretty close to the best $4 I've ever spent."
76561198019299418,Recommended,264200,9399939,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,OdinZ,"Wow this brawler is fanstastic, simple controls yet very challenging gameplay, feels really smooth and has 0 input lag. Must have for its price. Reccomend."
,Recommended,264200,9402764,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Joey Bonzo,I played this game for sixty minutes. The sheer awesomeness of those sixty minutes blew me away. I can't handle another 60 minutes for a few days now. It's just too good.
,Recommended,264200,9401032,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Captain Internet,"A gem- there's only two buttons to press, but it's one of the most absorbing games I've played in ages. Delightfully stupid, surprisingly clever. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,264200,9403993,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,kam1,I was looking for a game to fill my coffee break and One Finger Death Punch is amazing for it. Its a simple fast fighting game which is perfect for this purpose! Very intuitive gameplay by simply pressing two buttons. Can’t believe how much fun it is though. Reminds me on good old times playing on the NES.
,Recommended,264200,9405516,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,EB ✪,A lot of fun and definitely worth the price :D
,Recommended,264200,9386966,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,twitch.tv/xK3nnyx_Lim,An awesome combination of the rhythm and fighting genre.O/|\/ \And probably the best stickman game you would ever play.
76561198097517146,Recommended,264200,9402320,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Scarface Stunner Dunne,"Most addictive game I've ever played. Masterclass in indie gaming. Stop reading, thinking and breathing and GET IT NOW! O.K. now take a breath and prepare to be blown away!"
,Recommended,264200,9935936,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Grank,"Easy to learn, hard to master. Very addictive. Worth every penny"
,Recommended,264200,9923790,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Daijouboobs,"One Finger Death Punch is exactly the game to play when you don't feel like playing anything else. Even though playing with only the left and right mouse buttons, you quickly feel as if you're part of a kungfu movie yourself, putting Bruce Lee to shame with crazy martial arts. The better you play, the faster the enemies will move, and at certain points your reflexes are tested to their limits, as is your mouse hand.A perfect game for a rainy afternoon or just whenever. Still in doubt? Just get it!"
,Recommended,264200,10051458,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,(aethom)  ネコ im a cat,"Simple concept that's executed really well, but the gameplay wore thin after only about two hours. Your mileage may vary, but there wasn't enough substance (a lazy descriptor, definitely) to continue past it for me. Still recommend it, but keep that in mind before hand."
76561198081756867,Recommended,264200,9837904,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Weary,"The only problem I had was constantly clicking out of the ""No Luca No"" survival game type. Other than that, it's a fantastic game. Definitely worth $5"
76561197996975964,Recommended,264200,9906007,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,ggGoh,"Visuals (6/10): Feel like something out of Newgrounds or AmorgamesAudio(8/10): Music is excellent for the game, but the voice-overs get annoying after awhile. Unable to control the volumes for voice-overs, effects, or BGMsGameplay (10/10): Freaking addictive. A good game to play during breaks or for mindless fun. Difficulty scales according to how you're performing as well, so if you're having an off-day you could work your way back up to an expert level in no timeAll in all, great game. Not sure if it's entirely worth $5, but a good buy anyways! =)"
,Recommended,264200,9925979,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Zenya-san,"This is, like, the best game ever."
,Recommended,264200,9901087,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Adzy,"The concept is so simple, yet it's one of the most addicting games I've played in a long time. The moves are flawless, everything's smooth. Easily the best game out there that requires 2 buttons to play."
,Recommended,264200,9882568,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Some Rando Man,"A game I'd never put down!Very simple, just left click and right click to dominate your enemies!The test comes around Boss Matches and Survival Mode, I scored 874 on Survival. Never ending action surrounding you with blood and gore. This $5 was worth it!"
76561197970376037,Recommended,264200,9363302,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Eraser,This is THE best hardcore two button game that is out there. And it is a ton of fun! It starts rediculous and then gets even worse!Seriously this game throws so much stuff at you and is executed perfectly.Never had so much fun with a little game like this.Totally recommended!
76561197999053652,Recommended,264200,9363535,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Falfuris,so what can you say about this game.... its awesome...just that...its awesome...the soundtrack is catchygameplay is simple left click or right click but its the timing thats all the game...like a finger DDRalot of different combos you never do the same thingget it
,Recommended,264200,9364041,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,<Ni>Shillen,O...M...G...So...much...fun
,Recommended,264200,9364762,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Zorkinian,"Man, this game is a ton of fun! Simple and elegant. Great for getting ""in the zone."" Very fast twitch fun."
76561198006330829,Recommended,264200,9365376,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,kromanjon,"Easy to play, hard to master, wierdly fun. I recommend."
,Recommended,264200,9365718,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Trinary0,"Remember those stick figure flash animations with the guy that murders everything in epic choreographed battles? This is that, but in game form. AWESOME."
76561198057437777,Recommended,264200,9366016,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Brother Ares((BT/LE)),played it luved it XDits allabout  focus and timingu got 2 get in the flow
76561198122557610,Recommended,264200,9366046,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,tacoknockout,its a great game to play
76561197960483434,Recommended,264200,9366485,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Vector,very very very addictive
76561197972139806,Recommended,264200,9367972,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Devilfish,"Honestly I cannot recommend this game enough. I bought it thinking it would be a simple game but, NOPE, the game requires you to pay very close attention to who you're fighting and how fast you click the mouse buttons.What started as one of those ""I'll give it a try"" sessions turned into a classic ""Just one more time"" hour burner. If it weren't for my hand starting to hurt from all that insane clicking, I would have played longer!"
,Recommended,264200,9368373,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Mr. Steal Yo Squid,"I was definitely not expecting this game to be as amazing as it is for how much I payed for it. This game is easily becoming one of my favorite games in my steam library as I continue to play it more and more. So simple with only two buttons being used throughout the entire game, yet so satisfying. There are over a hundred achievements, and the various difficulty levels will keep you playing for days. Buy it!"
76561198005101636,Recommended,264200,9368843,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Daemon138,Simple to play... challenging to master.  The best stick figure kung fu game out there. It is well worth the asking price.
76561197999836278,Recommended,264200,9370198,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,{TëåM PÎñK}--Millz311,It's ♥♥♥♥ing sick play this game ASAP
,Recommended,264200,9371892,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,killmeebaby,Holy crap this is addicting
,Recommended,264200,9375400,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,grrrb,You think you know kung fu? You will if you play this game. Patience is everything! Move like water. 10/10
,Recommended,264200,9379653,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,DownAndUnder,"Fast, fusrious, intense, awesome, fun."
76561198105870219,Recommended,264200,18758840,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,bow-kibaa,One of the very best indie games out there. Stick men + martial arts = gg
,Recommended,264200,21904283,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,lilbrewdog,This game is pretty fun and does a great job of making you feel like you'reincredibly skilled even though it's only 2 buttons.
76561198118336254,Recommended,264200,15486120,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,buzz,ball op
76561197992707649,Recommended,264200,9387141,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,PeanutBuddha,"This game? This game right here?Buy this game.This game is the Dive Kick of brawlers. It boils down what a brawler really is, and delivers it in a fantastic feeling, tightly responsive, and brilliantly hideous form.Buy this game. Don't question it; it's super cheap and you'll thank yourself."
,Recommended,264200,19185108,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,LasorGamer,Feasting with a player's energy and reaction. This game will keep you looking till you drop!
76561198040746863,Recommended,264200,20982597,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,TheGrueHunter,"A game that manages to make every single hit surprisingly satisfying. Simple, yet unbelievably fun."
,Recommended,264200,10890175,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,avendi,My god this game is fun.
,Recommended,264200,18024081,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,noniak,Such a simple game but it so much fun and hard to
,Recommended,264200,20984696,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ayce,It's a fun and fast game to play to pass the time. Usually play it when in long queues for other games.
76561198069724034,Recommended,264200,9375948,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Vigge42 - Fallout Cascadia,AHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
,Recommended,264200,20981727,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Boooda,Friggen decent game I tells ya
76561198013758491,Recommended,264200,19926798,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,daskrieghuhn,My only regret with this game is that I didn't buy it sooner.  This is the most ridiculously simple design that ends up being incredibly fun.  Buy this game.
,Recommended,264200,9381288,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Harvog,Yes yes and yes. Although I would like to petition to rename it two finger death death punch.
,Recommended,264200,13758897,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Arrakis,"Pressing 2 buttons all game long has never been this fun and satisfyng.Recommended to NOT play it with laptop mouse unless your laptop mouse is really responsive, since the game requires correctly timed imputs at faster and faster paces."
,Recommended,264200,28164962,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Tantei Rotana,A simple yet incredibly fun two button beat em up. I was half tempted to go for 100% achivements but I've got so many other games to atleast beat.
,Recommended,264200,9789870,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,gsilver,"Great fun for fans of beat-em-ups.This game may look simplistic, and for the large part, is, but that simplicity hides a great amount of skill and fun involved in beating the levels. This is definitely a ""repeated short play"" game, but as a 5-10 minute shot of adrenaline and stylish play, it fills its purpose very well."
,Recommended,264200,9812215,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,hotmatrixx,"Once you play it for 30 seconds, it's easy to see why it won awards.This game captures what it truely means to be a gamer. Simple. Now go play it.And fung fu master. The game mechanics seem so simple, however the Dev's have executed what is really one of the best experiences I have ever had in my 25 year long gaming 'career'.It's a twitch shooter, a reflexive and strategic thinking machine (at the same time). It's timing, combos. You can pick up perks, there are about 7 different types of bad guys, lots of weapons, and a scaling difficulty level. With just two buttons.""But it's called 'One Finger Death Punch'!"" I hear you say? I though the same, once. but really, it is a one-finger-death-punch/kick/skewer/saute. Once finger for the left, and one for the right.basically, enemies approch from left/right, and once they are in your killing-zone (grey bar underneath you) you click, they die. If you miss-time it, you die. Some enemies can dodge attacks, but the are colour-coded so you can see it coming.So simple. So much fun. So many hours are doing to go into this game. It's my new ""I'll play it for 5 mins while I wait for this thing""... 6h later, ""Oh, it's loaded?"" Whoops.and if you think that is cool, you should see what happens when you realise that there is a platinum award for every level. ""Oh, I SO gotta beat that level"". Oh no, there goes another hour.If you are a true gamer, and you play engaging games, not for the gpx, but the engaging experiences that thedevelpers can create, Then buy this. If you bought CoD:Ghosts - then you probably saw the gpx and didn't bother reading this anyway.Perfect voice on the announcergraphics are great for the game's mechanicscombo'skill streaksexcellent music score (it be mostly dubsteb. Instawin).swordsNunchukukung-fubone crunching kill shotsBoss battlesBuy it."
,Recommended,264200,13785300,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Ólvr-,10/10 wanna listen to music and kick♥♥♥♥♥?buy diss den
,Recommended,264200,9645869,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,YourGoodFriend,Boom! Pow! Kick to the face!Truly a computer game.
,Recommended,264200,9392019,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Sparta4492,"One Finger Death Punch is a game that has no right to be as fun as it is. It premise surrounds the main idea that you only use two buttons and the better you do the faster the enemies move. This game has 21 skills to unlock through out its rediculously long and varied ""campaign"" while as far as I can tell you can only have three selected at any given time, they do different things such as increasing time with weapons or clearing the screen and activate after a predetermined amount of kills. While the main idea is simple and easy to grasp this game is very difficult to master, being precise and fast is essential to get that coveted platinum medal at the end of the level and while the enemies are all the same visually there are some that require multiple hits and will move from side to side avoiding you making them quite dangerous. This game is made up of those ""Did you see that?! That was awesome!"" moments that we all enjoy and I whole heartedly recommend this game. I absolutely love it and I think you will too."
,Recommended,264200,27507118,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ruben Micoch,"Sensless violence, what's not to love?  This game is very fluid and responsive.  Very fun but sometimes also very frustrating."
,Recommended,264200,9397003,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Fleckeri,"If anybody were to tell me you could have so much fun by pressing only two buttons I'd tell them they were insane...But in this game, two buttons is all it takes to take you to the zone!Fast and furious non stop kung fu action!Several fighting styles to keep it diversified.Many skills to choose from.You can play for 5 minutes, or hours, and get a lot of fun out of it.Did I mention this game has kung fu?Get it!"
76561198025068097,Recommended,264200,16093505,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Ego_Bizarrro,"Man, this game is SO MUCH FUN!When I first looked at it I thought it looked kinda cheap. Well, it IS a low budget indie game after all.But the overwhelmingly positive reviews made me try it out and damn, it's hard to stop playing this. It just works so perfectly well (and I'm sure those two brothers put a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of work into the gameplay-mechanics, as simple as they may seem). You should reeeeally give this a try :)"
,Recommended,264200,9443757,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Etherlight,"This game is super hilarious, exciting, and just plain fun. It actually take some skill and concentration to do well and the animation is superb and really make you feel powerful. The best thing is the announcer with the hilariously bad asian accent reminicent of old Kong Fu movies of the 70s. You have to try this superb unique game."
76561197978718170,Recommended,264200,9483222,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,SEMPERVIREN,What a game so much fun !  a must have
76561197970442820,Recommended,264200,9539624,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Wanktastic,"What the,,, why is this so insanely fun?Oh yeah, its insane."
,Recommended,264200,9565506,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Verbal,"Oooh, this simple-looking game is sooo much fun! Bone-crunching moves and sounds, cheesy voice-over and the perfect round... oh the feeling of a perfect round _O_Good concept, well made. I already had more fun with this title than with some full-price A-list titles.Highly recommended! Watch the WTF is... One FInger Death Punch vid by TotalBiscuit on YT. He is so on the money."
,Recommended,264200,9407329,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Thanos,Responsive.
,Recommended,264200,9403170,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Mowgli GSO,This game is pure awesomeness
,Recommended,264200,13512796,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,JstaR,This is quite possibly one of the funnest games ive played in so long. So simple and basic but so entertaining.
76561198134749191,Recommended,264200,13343732,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,NDG Antho,It´s awesome
76561198055727605,Recommended,264200,13791282,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Lurth,"Extremely visceral combat, with two buttons. Probably my GOTY"
76561197972868936,Recommended,264200,13727178,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Taitou,Love it.  Simplicity turned into eye bleedingly fast action.  One of the best games of 2014!
,Recommended,264200,13734900,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ividok,"This game is realy fun, but there are some things that could be improved.For example the bow or throwing knifes should be a buff but they're not since they have a cooldown on throwing and throwing takes way more time then just punching.You also have the throwing knife rounds, this round is unnesecery and extremely annoying.but at general the normal rounds and survival is very fun but you get tired from the game very fast.I've never played this game more then 30 min at once. But if you are into games like super hexagon, etc this is deffinitly recomended"
,Recommended,264200,13762513,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Nokterian,Silver Dollar games..this game is suprisingly good no good and fun and awesome! Keep making stuff like this.Being a kung-fu master like this is so damn good! Buy it! Like right now!
76561198028457999,Recommended,264200,13579328,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,doogong,click the left and right mouse buttonsfeel like a god10/10 best stickfighting game i've ever played
,Recommended,264200,13757484,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ocean man,"This is definitely a game which requires quite an amount of concentration and focus. It also gives you the feel of a real kung fu warrior, where you have to maintain focus and pay attention. The game pulls this off excessively and it really paid off with the epic music, slow motion and just about any other motif that you would see in kung fu movies. Practise in this game also shines very well after some time, as the game somehow trains you over time and it is not really possible to be good in just a snap, just like real kung fu warriors!Good to pass the time and good to compete with your friends and build your concentration and focus. Worth the money and would definitely recommend.10/10"
76561198065759075,Recommended,264200,13654208,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Professor Grizzlot,"Just to amazing that I had to break my left hand and cut all of the finger in my right hand except the index finger and the middle finger,its so worth it!"
,Recommended,264200,9950041,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Oruz,"First off, I enjoy this game immensely. This game has a cool style to it, the controls are easy to learn yet tricky to master, and there's a lot of variety with 21 skills and over 250 levels, and multiple bonus levels like Multi Round, or Light Sword. The music is, I find, stellar, and works well with the setting of the game. But, it does not come without flaws. The main flaw? The speed and difficulty. I find it hard to do the tougher levels based on those two things alone, although they do not, under any circumstances, bring the game down. I just wish they'd make it a bit easier? All in all, it gets a 9/10"
,Recommended,264200,13516246,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Talamander,"Best 2.50 I have ever spent and I am NOT the targeted audience for this type of game, but this game...is KUNG-FUTASTIC"
,Recommended,264200,13849175,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ｂｒｏ,2click2fun10/10-would play again
,Recommended,264200,13786989,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Plasmax7,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥If you ever wanted to play as the stickman in those violent stickman animations where the white/black main stick guy destroys his enemies in a myriad of cool ways using different weapons, this is the game for you.10/10"
,Recommended,264200,16542076,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SquidAlley,"Very reminiscent of old flash games, One Finger Death Punch puts your reflexes to the test. Using only your two mouse buttons, you must fight off swarms of enemies coming from either side. As you win, the game gets harder, and as you lose it slows down. There's an assortment of weapons to pick up during battle, and special skills that activate as you progress. Enemies get harder and harder, too, taking more hits and dodging your attacks so you have to alternate between buttons. It's basically if you were to turn a rhythm game into a fighter where instead of having a set pattern, you had choices. I highly recommend this game for hours of fun and that ""just one more round"" feeling that I've been longing for in gaming for quite some time."
,Recommended,264200,16562377,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dilbertson,"Two Buttons, One Fun. A++"
,Recommended,264200,16554391,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Neonin,I know kung fu.
,Recommended,264200,16563686,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,caleb4est,There literally is nothing more satifsfying than doing well on this game.
,Recommended,264200,9876856,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Shazbot,"A bizarrely fun, timing-based fighting game that pits you against waves of progressively fatser and faster enemies. Easy to play, nearly impossible to master. The entire experience will invoke fond memories of the glory days of arcade machines.And if that didn't convince you, it also has lightsabers."
,Recommended,264200,10394217,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Caliber,This is a perfect example of taking simplistic gameplay and extending it out into a wonderfully complex and engaging game. Can't recommend enough.
76561198065350753,Recommended,264200,13350424,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,TebWebs,"Played and beat this game on student with at least gold during my short breaks in extremely busy three weeks. There are so many good things about this game.Doesn't need to be time consumingPlay to your skill level or challenge yourselfGreat animation to watchAtmosphere is comical but intenseYou feel like you're actually really good when you get the hang of itIt's like guitar hero but not based on music, and you beat the hell out of thousands of peopleI never knew a two-button game would be this hard or captivating for as long as it was. Right now I've played 5 hours, and I'm sure there's more to come.The only bad thing is that I may have broken my mouse."
,Recommended,264200,16383174,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kazmatics,This game is awesome.  Tip: use the arrow keys instead of clicking...especially if you have a mechanical keyboard.  Much more satisfying.
,Recommended,264200,16372970,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Lil Pump,"One Finger Death Punch is an amazing game!This game is both fun and challenging, which is really what I look for in a game. It really tests how focused you are and how quick you can think. At the point of writing this review, I've only played this game for two hours, and I ALREADY love it!For such a low price, I totally recommend this game to anyone who's looking for something both fun and challenging.9/10 - Not a 10/10 because the game can get very confusing at times :P"
,Recommended,264200,16076167,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Auralee,Do yourself a favor and buy this game. You won't regret it. :)
76561198083506956,Recommended,264200,14318739,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Bonji,I've never felt so powerful smacking two buttons over and over again.
,Recommended,264200,16574601,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,@Pikochip,Who need Lightsaber when you have Lightsword.
,Recommended,264200,15680808,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Matt :^),"Got a 50% off coupon, Didn't hesiate at all to buy it.Great game, Simple yet elegent."
,Recommended,264200,15392643,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Sean Bean,"Very fun game. When I first started I was worried that the simplicity would make the game boring quickly, but I was completly wrong as the simple gameplay only make the focus more on reaction time leaving the game really fun."
,Recommended,264200,15330567,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,PEENOOTZ,"1000000% guarantee will turn you into an unbeatable stickman-fu martial artistbad guy on the right? *whack* donebad guy on the left? *whack* done2 on the right? *swish swoosh* sliced & dice5 on the left? *crunch crack boom whack boom* hammer timeboss fight? hell its 'bout time!*epic music**swish swoosh miss whack boom bam miss bam miss whack*boss defeated. now the world!now excuse me, i must hone my left and right clicking skills for my next battle. my stickman-fu martial arts reputation depends on it."
76561198120574821,Recommended,264200,15409939,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Kenobis,Good
76561198134510447,Recommended,264200,16130466,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Willzilla,"If you feel like playing a game that doesn't take much time or commitment, this game is for you."
,Recommended,264200,14450977,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Eorinu the Dragonslayer,"It's a awesome but also  very intensive Game and i just can recommend it.. and yea, 25 Achivement in 25 Minutes:Nothing left to say 10/10"
,Recommended,264200,12871927,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Prune Juice,My fingers are good at two things: killing stick figures and making female friends.10/10 Simple and perfect.
,Recommended,264200,16007173,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,starkidgivens,"First of all this game is extremely simple and repetitive. That being said i really enjoy playing this game. The concept is simple enough. Enemies come from both sides and once they enter the hit box you take them out. The enemies become stronger taking more than one hit to defeat and gaining the ability to dodge and switch sides. the number of enemies per level also increase. Its a great for a quick 5 minute game session, but i've also spent hours at a time as well. If you're looking for an intense action game that requires minimal effort and maximum enjoyment this is the one."
,Recommended,264200,16687067,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,F0NTAINE,"One Finger Death Punch is as satisfying to play as it is simple. The last game I've played that only required two buttons to play properly was Pong, and we all know how that game turned out."
76561198151649571,Recommended,264200,16665008,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,avalancheomega,"very nice for a stress relief. like when you're having your mind full of these complex stuff with lots of thinking, you can just turn off your brain and press those mouse buttons in rhythm. after several minutes, you'll start feeling good 'bout yourself and your brain felt refreshed. it might be addicting after a while and you'll find yourselves trying it over and over again.grab it while it's on sale. full price might also be okay but im mostly dirt poor lol"
,Recommended,264200,15765378,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,IonEddie,"Quirky and fun, while simple in mechanics and possibly lacking in graphics this game more than makes up for that in the hours of finger tapping fun you will have. For the price this game offers everyone should give it a go."
76561198086926667,Recommended,264200,11106150,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Foxtrot ^_^,"I was on the steam store the other day and i had a choice one finger death punch and over 9000 zombieswell you can guess which game i picked and let me tell you something... i will never regret it.One finger death punch is like all those awesome martial arts movies met in a bar and decided to have an orgy and the baby was glorius!enough with the complements some thoughts i would have for an update (if there will be one)MORE EPIC MUSIC (i would like the title music included)MORE WEAPONS (Kantanas, shirukens ect)MORE SLO MO (=epic gameplay)and a multiplayer mode where you and your buddy could go back to back and fighter hoards of bad guys occasionally switching and helping each otherWOULD FIGHT MORPHUIS AGAIN 10/10"
,Recommended,264200,13850383,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,-CML-Umbro,One of the simpliest games I have ever played but yet one of the most satisfying. There is no reason not to own this game!
,Recommended,264200,11285307,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Tabblaster,"If you have ever heard of  Xiao Xiao stick fights, you would love this game. You use all of the styles of Kung Fu from Tiger to Drunken Fist. Even though i might have a little under 10 hours, I will be playing this game for many years to come. Best $5 I have ever spent. 5/5"
,Recommended,264200,16573485,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Durandal,"Simply put, this is the most cathartic game I've ever played.Bad day at work? Frustrated? Need an outlet for that?Done. Done with style. The designer of this game is genius."
76561197970278686,Recommended,264200,16541726,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,cswiger,"Fun.  Simple.  Timing and rhythm is all.  Don't think.  Do.""Do"" is two buttons:  strike left and strike right.As Jack Burton always says, it's all in the reflexes.Very fun.  Very simple.  Don't think: just play."
76561197994200394,Recommended,264200,16611781,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Captain Chaos,Frickin awesome. The 80s chain gun mounted on a dinosaur that shoots eye lasers kind of awesome.
76561198055772959,Recommended,264200,16610943,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,HawdCoar ™,"Addictive beyond understanding.  Never before have I played a game that made you feel so positive and rewarding as this one.  True, in essence you do the same thing over and over, however somehow it's different.  It starts off slow but the farther you progress, not to mention the survival modes, the pace picks up and you just can't get enough.  I've recommended this to several friends, and will continue to do so.  Great job, Silver Dollar!"
,Recommended,264200,16565543,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pointy Stick,"It's impossible to play this game without a big grin.  Simple, fun and totally addictive.  Buy it!"
,Recommended,264200,16627603,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,herrwozzeck,"Very simple gameplay, yet it's also incredibly challenging at the same time. I think this is proof of the fact that you don't need a whole lot of pizzaz to make something this catchy and good."
,Recommended,264200,15384145,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,ZephyrAzusa,"Fun if you want to play through this game casually. However if you want to perfect all the levels, be ready to rage.On the side note, this game is a test of your reaction time. Even though there are only 2 buttons, this game have a large variety of enemies with different stats. There are enemies that require 2-3 hits to kill, enemies that will dodge your attacks, and bosses.There are also weapons in the game. The weapons help increase your attack range or insta-kill enemies (SO SATISFYING).Overall this game is incredibly enjoyable and definitely worth your time 9/10"
,Recommended,264200,16517990,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Twix,THIS IS SO FUN
76561198011818152,Recommended,264200,9584286,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,TheHappyCheese,"Sometimes the best games are really cheap; This is one of them.Ever played a game with a great new, fresh, exciting, mechanic... like portal?This game is like that. Feels amazing."
76561197970531612,Recommended,264200,10182114,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,KrasusTheRed,"This is one of the most addictive games i have ever played. It is literally just the left and right mouse button as your actions. In this game, it is all about your reflexes and timing. No button mashing will help you here, in fact, the game even makes sure to tell you that in the beginning. I havent even made it past maybe the first 15 levels and im still loving every bit of it. It is fun to go back to old levels to try and get a perfect and a platinum metal (no damage and no misses) and each time it feels different as you may kill a mob you didnt before who had a weapon that youre now using for insane combos. You would think with graphics like these with stick figures and such would be a turn off but it adds to the hilarious action and fun you experience when playing. You even get some random slow mo kills that are quite hilarious (i.e. slow mo punching someone you might see an eye popping out of his stick figure skull and flying towards the screen). For 5 bucks how you could you possibly go wrong? I see no issue except maybe some sort of multiplayer. Otherwise, 9/10!"
,Recommended,264200,16442554,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Not a Skinhead,"I've played very little but I already feel that the price I paid for this game was far worth it. (Not to be a backhand compliment since I got it during sales.)Nonetheless it is ana mazingly fun game to just spend minutes on but trust me if you've got the time those minutes quickly turn into hours. One hour per sixty I hear.Anywho, deifnetely recommend, a very very simple concept that remains simple but it highly demands on your skills but never asks for anything impossible and hell,you'll be WANTING to try and do everything eprfectly and despite the mechanic remaining mostly the same it never feels repetitive."
,Recommended,264200,14010476,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Homem Bolinho,One Finger Death Punch is a sublime blend of rhythm and fighting games.
76561198045387696,Recommended,264200,14991947,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Conquest,Like Skyrim with fists.
,Recommended,264200,15240119,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,deathdogdinosaur,"must. stop. playing. *doesn't stop playing*... *hand falls off*, worth it"
,Recommended,264200,15148798,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Imaginaut,"Five Finger Death Punch.  From the first punch to the last, the action will captivate you, enchant you.  Not only will you destroy thousands and thousands of faceless enemies not worthy to be in your presence but you will find that with each click you are literally punching boredom in the face... along with kicking, stabbing, slicing, exploding, dancing around and so much more!"
76561198143190756,Recommended,264200,11954157,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Jade Frost,"Ok... This game is soo simple and yet soo challenging. It only uses TWO buttons (right and left mouse) but it is so FUN and actually requires quite alot of skill, not to mention it's FREAKING ADDICTING! If you have a mouse a PC (laptop also works) and $4.99 to spend... I HIGHLY would consider buying this game. In my opinion this game should be about $14.99 for how much fun it is. That and how much Re-Play-ability it has. OFDP (one Finger Death Punch) was the best game I have ever owned for $4.99. Also if I had to, I would buy it again and even pay upto $24.99. That is how AMAZING this game is. So do yourself a favor and get this game!"
,Recommended,264200,17952403,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,cool beans,"A very fun game if you wish to kill a few minutes of time, can be played in short bursts but quickly gets boring."
,Recommended,264200,18795986,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,JCeQuitable,"""Fight! Only the left and the right mouse button"" Good game."
,Recommended,264200,13781173,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,StickyHamster,"Ok folks, I purchased this half on a lark and half because Totalbiscuit says its good.  I had NO idea that it was FREAKING AWESOME.  You use JUST your left and right mouse buttons (or you can use left/right arrow keys.ITS AMAZING.  Its fantastic.  I'm literally flabbergasted.Yes somehow they made you feel like you are fighting in a kung fu movie with just this.Great music, great voiceover, amazing action, really feels like a solid skill based game.Yes.  Buy it.NOW.Edit:  2/18/2015  Like butter.  Amazing amazing game.  Who knew a game you play with 2 buttons could be so amazing.  This is an essential title for your library."
,Recommended,264200,9837698,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,xVvAlexvVx,"Do not buy this game, it is addictive and will ruin what little a life you may have........Like it did mine"
,Recommended,264200,14670837,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,MIMU,"A game that involves stick figure characters punching the everloving tar out of each other that only requires you to use your left and right mouse buttons should not, by any stretch of logic, be entertaining, much less worth $5.Fortunately, this game was not made by a Vulcan, it was made by two nutso Canadians whose spat in the face of logic and said ""Screw you! Two button game with stick figure kung-fu monks!"" And it was One Finger Death Punch. And it was glorious, and one of my favorite impulse buys to date.Click mouse, punch stick, stick bleed, stick die. Visceral, statisfying, well worth $5, and tons of replay value, especially for people who love to compete for high scores."
,Recommended,264200,9497103,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Jeronimous,Never thought such a simple game would give me SO much fun! I can't recomend it enough!
76561198149858370,Recommended,264200,15317819,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Papaya,can't stop playing it.
,Recommended,264200,15542775,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Stag,"A great ""pick up and play"" title, Even after just an hour of playtime, Im already a big fan of this game. Addictive, simple gameplay with awesome fighting visuals and a solid soundtrack. ""Easy to pick up, difficult to master"". I got this with a steam coupon for 2.50 and regret nothing. 6000+ positive reviews and less than 50 negative ones? You dont get multi-million dollar AAA titles that have such a good reception. And the best part is, you can play for 5 minutes or 50 and still have a good time. Check this one out!"
,Recommended,264200,9484542,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,York,"Easy to learn and very satisfying.  The music goes perfectly with the game, and the sound effects are phenomenal.  Having crazy amounts of fun for an extremely good value of $5.  There are tons of levels and the difficulty curve is subtle.  You will feel like a true kung fu master! Crazy Awesome!"
,Recommended,264200,16401760,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ƒ!яєѕ¢σρє,This is a great pick up and drop game. It is fast paced and very responsive.It has nice backdrops and a fun combat system.Well worth the £1.99 in the steam sale.(N.B. This is a two button game.)
,Recommended,264200,15328220,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,anime girl,"Even though I haven't played much of this game, I must say, it is amazing.Very addicting, attractive and the music is very catchy.The level concepts are unique, such as the defender levels, and are easy to learn.If you are on the fence about buying it, I highly recomend you do."
76561198136314039,Recommended,264200,10363000,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,HDeputyDawg,"Buy this game, really, do it."
,Recommended,264200,10161731,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Digital Merc,"Kick massive♥♥♥♥♥as a deadly ninja stickfigure with weapons and abilities.Slaughter interesting enemies in an extremely addictive throwback to the side-scroller mayhem of your youth.Its five bucks.Don't buy a cheese burger, get this game.You will not regret it."
,Recommended,264200,15180003,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Kaiserburn,"If you ever want to quickly kill 100 people with awesome Kung fu moves then this is your game.It is repetitive, but fast paced and challenging."
,Recommended,264200,12425387,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Enderslogik,"Guitar Hero but with Ninjas? Sounds like a crazy pitch but somone thought it was worth going for anf man, did it pay off. This isn't a GoTY or anything like that but for a couple bucks and a few hours or untill your fingers get tired this game is great. It would get really repetitive but they mix it up nicely with tons of extras you dont expect from a game so small. Highly recomended."
76561198061329892,Recommended,264200,15088887,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ChildCumshot,"Great game worth the money! You choose yourself, mindless funny violence or supa hardcore kungfauww!!"
,Recommended,264200,13938908,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,death2trollz,"Holy BALLS, this game is fun! Super simplistic, 2 button gameplay; low budget graphics; hyper repetitive.... by all rights, I should hate this game so can anyone tell me why I've spent the last 3 days completely ignoring the rest of my library?The gameplay never actually changes but there are enough different level types to stop it from getting boring while the game will actively scale its difficulty level depending on how well/poorly you perform so if you're running thru, smoking every level, you won't be doing so for longSeriously, I can't stop playing this game"
,Recommended,264200,16943678,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Chicken_Prophet,This game is simple and fun! I usually think I'm going to play a casual round and end up playing hours.  Its instant gratification when your stick man punches another stick man heart through his chest.  My only complaint about this game is that it needs more music variety.
76561198064373971,Recommended,264200,16971133,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Bird Person,"If you dont play side scrollers or platformers or fighting games, and you're not thinking you'll be interested, think again. This game is for you."
,Recommended,264200,16819166,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Agrios,Don't let the graphics fool you. This is game has more and depth and fun than meets the eye. A must have in all steam collection.
76561198055662222,Recommended,264200,16854886,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Jman8,"Ahem.Legend tells of a legendary warrior, whos kung-fu skills were the stuff of legend.He traveled the land, in search of worthy foes.He was so deadly in fact, that his enemies would suffer a number of deadly afflictions from over-exposure to pure awesomeness.It mattered not how many foes he faced, they were no match for his bodacity. (Yes that is a real word. Look it up)Never before had a stick figure been so feared- and so loved.Even the most heroic heroes in all of China (Citation needed) bowed in respect to this great master.Who is this mighty warrior? You, of course.That's pretty much this game in a nutshell. Simple but fun.10/10 would Death Punch with One Finger again(And yes, I did steal that story from the opening of Kung-Fu Panda.)TL;DRThe game is simple but fun go buy it 10 atta 10."
,Recommended,264200,16902994,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,TSx* Naxer,"Is it fun? Yes.Is it simple? Yes.Is it tedious? Nope.Although quests get repetitive, the game gives you more challange by adding more difficult enemies but also adds more style by adding weapons and skills. You just cannot be bored playing it! You use only mouse buttons, but in such epic way that these buttons won't rest even for a second!I'd highly recommend this game, whether it's on sale or not!Still not convinced? Let me make some funny sentences so you'll love this game for eternity.Ekhm...Go on a murderspree using electric nunchuks!Play football with your fellow enemies by kicking the ball straight into their faces!Show big fat NOPE to brawlers when they see you with a bomb!Blast through Speed rounds as if you were Sonic on steroids!Go swords blazing once you get that Last Hit! Your adrenaline will jump to it's limits!Amaze your friends! Show them how godly awesome you are! And then get insulted for playing a weird game... ( *sniff* they keep telling me it's stupid game... but they are wrong! *sniff* They just don't understand my awesomeness... *sniff*)Still not convinced? Well, I'm sad to tell you that... you are a normal person. Go back hug your wife or watch your favourite TV show or something."
76561198056171562,Recommended,264200,16882150,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,"Rejected_Pup ""He Attac""",No Luca No!
76561198096327164,Recommended,264200,16901416,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,McStryder,Awesome!!
76561198061206579,Recommended,264200,16945420,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,MG,My fingers hurt from playing too much10/10
76561198042372279,Recommended,264200,10983993,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Perfect1nsanity,"Ridiculous, awesome, fun!"
,Recommended,264200,9421178,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Trappski,"This is a simple yet extremely fun game.Perfect for a quick gaming-session or a longer if that is what you want.Anyone should pick this up and try it out. Punch, Kick, it's all in the mousebuttons! :D"
,Recommended,264200,9380713,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,[GWJ]UMOarsman,"After (I kid you not) 15 minutes with this game, I was completely hooked. For $5 (less on sale), this is a tight, focused, incredibly fun action title. Perfect for the 15 mintues between meetings/responsibilities/etc, this is one of those ""just one more round"" titles that has you constantly coming back for more. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,264200,9376227,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Sprinkles,"Dont be put off by the stick figures, excelent gameplay."
76561198031273221,Recommended,264200,13282060,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Sheepscuit,"Simple, Fun, Addictive Stick-Man Kung Fu.Or you could just call it 1 Finger Death Punch."
76561197970556097,Recommended,264200,14437365,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,AstroCryptic,$5 Well spent
,Recommended,264200,9423645,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,c0nfusion,"This is the most fun you can have with two fingers, I guarantee it."
,Recommended,264200,15009919,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,_Duo,"Wow, I am 16 minutes in and blown away already. This game is amazing."
,Recommended,264200,15025956,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,NoixioN,This game is AMAZING!!!!! It is the best Left-Click Right-Click game I've ever played. There are plenty of levels to play. The difficulty gets harder and harder. The price is well worth it as well. Highly Recommended for those who are interested.
76561198044858929,Recommended,264200,9389877,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,SirCrezzy,"Do you like killing?Do you like seeing the blood of your enemies shooting off in many directions?Do you like pulling off kick♥♥♥♥♥moves to severs enemies heads?Then you belong in a hosppitalBut while youre in said hospital you should pick up this game. Honestly the most fun you can have for less than £4 without getting an STD. The combat flows well, the graphics are simple yet elegant and the music wraps the whole experience up in a neat little package that would be suitable as a gift for any person.Get this game and thank me later!"
76561197993256730,Recommended,264200,16538239,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BlasianMOFO,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. It's easily one of those ""I'll-play-a-little-but-end-up-playing-for-hours"" kind of games. GET IT!!"
,Recommended,264200,10049002,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,failure,omg this is the best thing ever
76561198009117340,Recommended,264200,9554185,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,blowback,"So simple.  So addicting.  So good.This game seems like something you'd play for 5 minutes and then toss aside.  There are literally two buttons to press for controls and that's it.  Yet it doesn't only test your reflexes (though it does).  There is also depth and complexity in the combos, power-ups and skills.The visuals and audio are excellent, summoning up kungfu genre films perfectly.  The pacing is spot-on, with slo-motion breaking up the action for tiny breaths of respite.  And doling out just enough spectacular kill shots (along with some that are pretty rare) to reward you for good play.Be warned:  It has a serious case of the ""just one more""s.  You may find yourself up looking up at the clock in the AM with only a few hours to go before you need to get up for work, wondering where the time went.  Like I did.It's just a really amazing game.  And for $5, it's a steal."
,Recommended,264200,28873949,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[JA] CaptainBananaz,"it's like those stick figure fight videos but a game. 10/10 amazing (seriously).paid 99 pence, would honestly pay 10 times the price and be happy(also I've played far more than steam says I have offline)"
76561198027406905,Recommended,264200,10040807,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,xKROGOTHx,"Well, for the $2.49 I paid for it it's incredible. It teaches the basics well; it really is simply left and right clicking. I literally couldn't stop playing it the first time I launched it, managed to get 40+ achievements in a short period of time. It's so satisfying to see how perfect you can beat each level and each stick figure. There's fatalities, map destruction, explosions, decapitations, ribs breaking, hearts being punched out, throat punching, impaling, etc. You unlock different skills along the way such as receiving more ranged ammo, longer use of a weapon class(for ex. a staff or sword.) This bloody inhumane gameplay is filled with replayability and overall simplicity. I will forever enjoy killing everything in sight.What's there not to like? It's a stick figure game. You are the wax on wax off master.The game gets more difficult as you get better.Punch satisfaction 11/10Someone get the cameraThanks for reading, and I hope you will consider purchasing this game >:D"
,Recommended,264200,10121543,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,The Official Mr. Funny Man,"I like this game a lot, getting decently far into the ""story"" mode shows you all of the fun mechanics, the only thing I suggest is a board to show friends scores. Can you survive the survival???"
76561198203575780,Recommended,264200,16777875,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,crep,"When I first got the game, I didn't know what to expect out of it.I should've known that it would be one of the most epic games I ever played.The game runs smoothly, rarely having a little lag. The animations are awesome, and...The brutal strikes you make brings out the Kung Fu in me.MLG Rating: 10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,264200,10836058,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,TheGwillster,It should be illegal to have so much fun with a game so simple.10/10
,Recommended,264200,32840123,Posted: 26 June,all,THEAETIK,"2 hours in and the mechanics are starting to gather up nicely. Don't let the looks decieve you, the design proccess of this 2-button driven game has been thought through and well establed from paper to code. It's almost as if it couldn't get any better for what it is.At least with the budget they had. Graphics and voice acting are forgivable at the asking price."
,Recommended,264200,16744481,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Krisdager,"This simple game is great for people who love a fast pace reflex test. The simple design and gameplay allows the player to focus on the level, be it a simple mob round of defeating a certain number of enemies or a boss fight of intenses concentration, this game is always a blast to play and gives a great sense of being a badass at times. This game is quick, fun and a challenge, though after playing it for more than an hour it gets a bit old so you can only play it in small chunks before it gets boring. Overall it's a great game. 8/10"
76561198116255804,Recommended,264200,13963221,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Meatbag101,This game will really makes you cool among the chicks. 10/10 Would bring up my highscore on a date.
76561198009572888,Recommended,264200,32914875,Posted: 27 June,all,Smashed Brain,Most fun I ever had after 5 minutes of buying a game on Steam.
,Recommended,264200,15133899,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,AmbientRage,Feel like a badass from your computer with ONE FINGER DEATH PUNCH!
,Recommended,264200,18920879,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,joelrwhite,"Do you like pressing the left mouse-button?  Do you like kung-fu movies?  Then this game is probably for you.It's not complicated.  You just need good timing.  You can improve your abilities with upgrades, but overall you just need to press that left mouse-button like there is no tomorrow.  Also great music and sound effects, and fun stick-figure graphics.Play it and become a master with your right index finger."
,Recommended,264200,16765694,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Iasc,I. AM. SUCH. A. BADASS.
,Recommended,264200,32896577,Posted: 27 June,all,CookieLove,Really fun if you like button smasher with a hint of rythmn
76561197966306327,Recommended,264200,32875805,Posted: 27 June,all,badchad71,"2 buttons, sounds easy right?"
,Recommended,264200,12252810,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Pyriana,This game is simple but it's amazing. It's the game I was wanting 10 years ago when I first discovered XiaoXiaoXiao and the other stickman fighting flash videos.
76561198009000526,Recommended,264200,33102476,Posted: 1 July,all,Scryon,This game is really fun. Definitely the best stick figure game I have ever played.
,Recommended,264200,32888646,Posted: 27 June,all,Talon,Good Time Killer...
76561198056775035,Recommended,264200,32982341,Posted: 29 June,all,LS | RoflPantoffel,start gameget hyped by the musickill everyone from left to rightstart levelgr8 m8 5/7
,Recommended,264200,20164764,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Punkster,"I now wear two black belts around my index and middle fingers, for I am One Finger Death Punch Master... Oh... wait... Should've thought a bit harder on that really. Whether it's one finger or two, I am the Master of both.They really should've called this Two Finger Death Punch in hindsight but nevermind... The game is excellent and it's fun for kids of all ages.Easy for anybody to pick it up, just remember to blink when playing those higher levels, as it gets quite intense. (Despite my time shown on this, I played this on Xbox 360 first, that is where I earned my belts.)Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,264200,9436188,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Lord Siggy,"Buy this game. Now. Seriously. This is one of the most original games I've played, and it's addictive as hell. You will not regret buying this."
76561197966740695,Recommended,264200,14343089,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,quazeye,Excellent Fun!  Keeps you coming back for more.
,Recommended,264200,13425148,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ThisMachineKillsFascists,This game encouraged me to join the Cobra Kai10/10
76561197979844351,Recommended,264200,11214193,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Rovgrisen,Awesome game. Simple graphics but with great Kung-Fu atmosphere. The sound & visual effects are nice and the simple control interface is brilliant in its simplicity. Great value and playability for the money.
76561198046562170,Recommended,264200,11437835,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Badpun,"Superb game with a deceptively simple control mechanic that punishes button-mashing, with enough variety and near-visceral reward to keep you playing for hours. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,264200,11903983,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,N4RC™ ︻デ═──,Fast fun and awesome!
,Recommended,264200,11316773,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Hit Noodle,"Combined the twitch timing of a rhythm game and Kung-Fu. It's amazing how much fun a simple two-button games can do.Side note: My hands get cramped from playing the first hour, so addictive. I imagine this game is perfect to play when drunk.So recommended, especially when it's up in sale and you're confused about which next game to buy."
,Recommended,264200,12165315,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Moo Cow,"Cheap, simple and hell of a lot of fun. If you're a fan of martial arts movies and good fight choreography and want something cheap and simple to pass the time, this game will do the trick wonderfully. Some of the moves and maneuvers you'll be pulling off just with two mouse buttons will give you plenty of 'oooooh' moments as well just laughing with glee as you take on hundreds of enemies like an unstoppable Jet Li. Doesn't hurt that they throw in a few twists to make things interesting including giving your a lightsaber or nunchuks and task you with deffeating over a hundred enemies before coming to a boss that has you feverishly matching the correct button presses to attack, counterattack, and dodge to defeat them.If there's any downside it's that it gets pretty reflex intensive at times and requires you to get in a good rhythm for later stages and further in on survival mode. Otherwise, for $5, it's a great deal. If anything, the later challenge and zen-like requirement to pull the later action off might be a turn on for some people like myself. Making it perfect for killing anywhere to 10 minutes to a few hours of time."
,Recommended,264200,11998478,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,『PLUS ULTRA』,VERY FUN! But it is a little boring...
,Recommended,264200,11177268,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Rambyist,It includes the drunken fist Style.   Chackie Chan/10
76561198118719923,Recommended,264200,11948592,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Jelaniani,THIS GAME IS AWSOME!!
,Recommended,264200,11331185,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Jar'On,No Luca No is the greatest game mode in game history period.
,Recommended,264200,11834479,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Horsedick,"Great ""filler"" game to kill time inbetween other game like cs:go or waiting for WoW ques. Very addicting too, I missed a few ques because i wanted to beat the level."
,Recommended,264200,10653935,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,XuXSeeXMeXDieX,Fun skill-based game!!
76561198055503492,Recommended,264200,11849662,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Comrade Corbyn,Awesome
76561198059730271,Recommended,264200,9899300,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,MrAhmama,Left Right Right Right Left Left Right Right Left Left Left Right Right Left Left Left Left Left Right Left RightLeft Right Right Right half second break Right Right Left Left Letf Right.
76561197974549844,Recommended,264200,11068249,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,FulhamTarheel,"It's good.  Really good.Simple, lots of fun.  Buy it now!"
,Recommended,264200,10634706,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ORKAMUNGUS,"This game has got to be the most efficent use of 2.50$ thus far in my life. You have simple game mechanics, fast paced action, and it has some sort of effect which forces you to unconciously make sound effects. Anyways there's not to much you can say else about it...other than that you get a light sword and some kind of nunchucks."
76561198064824558,Recommended,264200,11213791,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,sin(cos(tan(sec(csc(cot(-X)))))),Stick figures! Super Kung-Fu! Only two buttons! Super Kung Fu!Seriously the most addicting game ever.
,Recommended,264200,16513605,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Silver,"This is a very satisfying game. The simple mechanics only add to its addictive nature. The only complaint I have is my newly developed carpal tunnel. For such a low price, this game is definitely worth your time."
76561198093399922,Recommended,264200,14704887,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Asperior,"A very fun game with simple concept and control: just LMB and RMB. Don't let this fool you though, the game can be very challenging as button mashing will NOT work. Every button press needs to be thought out, though that gets a bit hard when things ramp up in speed. Its difficulty scales on how well you have played, adjusting to your skill level as needed."
,Recommended,264200,16534737,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kongdoms,"THEY LIED... YOU NEED TWO FINGERS!!! & AND ITS NOT ALWAYS A DEATH PUNCH! YOU GET DEATH SHOTS, SLASHES, CUTS, EXPLOSIONS AND ALL THAT STUFF TOO!! DO NOT TRUST THIS TITLE... other than that, great game :)"
,Recommended,264200,16778781,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,MartinWillysonn,"it's really good to play if you're salty, calms you down big time.Other than that fun game 8/10."
,Recommended,264200,17217991,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Gazcom,"Great indie game worth every penny paid for it. The fun of it does wear out somewhat quick, but it's always fun to return to beat up a few hundred stick figures every now and then. 10/10"
76561198062554323,Recommended,264200,17736559,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Jesterinthedeck,I love the game. It's funny it's cool it's silly and over the top. I know the voice of your sensei is a bit too much of a joke but that's what makes it more fun. The moves and all the techniques are done by stickmen but are all real kung fu moves and standings. One of the most additive and best indie games I have ever played.
,Recommended,264200,17478406,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,maximus230x,This game is ridiculously epic and fun to play
,Recommended,264200,9563349,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Xaintrix,"Simply the best pure brawling experience I've ever played.  The layers of complexity with just two buttons is organic, and the stick figure animations takes me back to the days of Xiao Xiao.  MUST BUY."
76561198017094063,Recommended,264200,9395144,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Flashpoint,"This is a beautiful game. At first glance it doesn't look like much, but every little thing in this game comes together to form this spectacular peice of work. It may only use the left and right mouse buttons, but the visuals are very nice, and it mixes everything up with different weapons, customizable skills, and different game types throughout levels. What offers the greatest asset to this game is the different enemies. Some that die in one hit, others in 2 or 3, some that dodge after the first or second, or dodge on each hit. This is literally the game version of almost every stick battle animated video, or just an extremely violent rhythm game. It's also deliciously challenging, and offers a massive world map for such a small price tag, with more levels than I can be bothered to count (somewhere over a hundred)."
,Recommended,264200,9384070,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Tylmomendog,"One Finger Death Punch is just an amazing experience, everything you do makes you feel like a super hero or something like that. The controls are extreemly responsive even if there only is two buttons (Left and Right click).The only thing I can complane about is the Menus and Options (Dont have any). The menu is really anoying to navigate and the world screen (where you pick your fights) dont give much feedback on how you did. But that is just a minor complaint.Conclution: This game is cheap and amazing, so what are you waiting for? buy the damn game alredy!8/10Options and menus brings it downProsCheapResponsiveYou feel like a damn super hero all the time!ConsBad navigation in menusArtstyle (Looks like a browser game, but feels like a AAA x 10)"
76561197980736435,Recommended,264200,13905972,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Tiger,"Best game I played all year, although the year is young. Seems wierd but I think I know Kung Fu now just from playing this game. At least thats what the game makes you feel, powerful and fast. Love it!"
,Recommended,264200,17133199,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,KING ASS RIPPER,"Fun, addictive. A great game ;)"
,Recommended,264200,16564357,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Niteowl,"The ugliest, best game action game you'll ever play."
76561197991462506,Recommended,264200,9463162,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,- - TyrannosaurusHax,"This game has no barrier to entry, no skill ceiling, and it will sharpen you even if you play it casually.The speed based dynamic difficulty in the levels guarantees the game will push back somewhat hard no matter what your skill level may be (unless you happen to be someone who can perfect streak the entire level mode at 250% game speed, in which case survival mode will still challenge and eventually kill you).I've never gotten into the zone so frequently, deeply, and after so little time playing a game.I've never played or known of such an effective perception-of-time/reflex trainer that was so fun and easy to get into.I frequently find myself thinking ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ did I just do that?"", and survival mode up to a certain number of kills just keeps getting easier.Combat is fast, impactful, visceral, and in places much more complex than you probably imagine if you don't spend too long thinking about the mechanics of a game where you literally just press two buttons.The variety in the levels is surprisngly high and you have to pay attention even when dealing with enemies and game speed that you've progressed beyond skill-wise because random special attacks, slow-downs, weapon pickups and other events mix up the flow you'd otherwise get into where you can simply deal with every stimuli with a conditioned response.That a two button game can be this fun and challenging is absurd, and it costs less than a sandwich. Highly recommend."
76561198045703439,Recommended,264200,22436902,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,MrSlipperyPinnaple,"Amazing game, I have had so much fun.Pros- Light on system so slow computers still can play easily.- Easy learning curve.- I'm not sure how to use it, but it seems to have a recording accomadation to make easy recordings.- CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP CHEAPthis game is so cheap it's ridiculous. Think of things this way, a candy bar at the store cost $1. This game is worth 5 candy bars in price. However, I can eat five candy bars in about 4 hours. This game can, and will last many more.Cons- After a couple straight hours of play you get bored, but only for a little while. Come back in like 1 hour and it regains its value.DEFINATLY worth $5. Honestly, this game is worth $10, maybe $15 (but no higher). At any rate, buy this game. But remember, these are stick figure moves, do not try in real life, you will injure yourself and you will not single handedly destroy 300 of your enemies."
,Recommended,264200,15684428,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,(PK) Abowlofkimchi,Great tea break game. Perfect for taking a break after playing rage games like Dark souls.
,Recommended,264200,9730656,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,19/F/Cali,"Most simple concept ever, yet very addicting and worth every cent."
,Recommended,264200,22351889,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,MrProfilen,"God, this has to be one of my favorite games of all-time. It's just so much fun, more than what you might think. Survival is just so much fun, going from 500 to 1500 average every game is so cool, watching your progress. And, this game is more than button mashing. It's all about accuracy, whilst being fast enough. I couldn't recommend this game more."
,Recommended,264200,15330987,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,bredy,Fun game to play wehn you have 5 min before you need to go to work or school.
76561198211224183,Recommended,264200,22863780,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,GunsBlaiz,"If you put fast, brawling, beating to death, and cheesy voice narrators that sound like old senseis with kung fu music in the background while one stickman kills dozens of other stickmen, you get this cheesy but lovely and responsive game. And its only 4 or 5 dollars thats CHEAP JUST GET THIS WHAT ARE YOU DOING??"
,Recommended,264200,23018064,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,mwyeoh,"A fun reaction game. Might have even improved my coordination!Once its finished though, replayability is lacking (Although it did take me a while to get there)Not a game for completionists though as some of those achievements are brutal near impossible!"
76561198097135831,Recommended,264200,23032927,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Eddragon,"After this game back to back with Osu! for 2 hours ( about 1 hour apiece) my arm now feels like its gonna explode, but in all seriousness buy this game. Its so cheep it would be silly not to."
,Recommended,264200,23061432,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,C.d.,Nice stress reliever.
,Recommended,264200,15158201,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,🚀Rocket🚀,"One of the fastest and most smashing game I have ever played. Of course, it's the first single rail fighting game. FIGHT!"
76561198054818058,Recommended,264200,15618361,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,dead-typeface,"What an incredible game. The protagonist is the men's bathroom logo that beats other men's bathroom logos of different colors up. Sometimes with cool weapons. All of the time while using just the left and right mouse buttons, but timed correctly. No button mashing allowed. If you button mash, the Asian disembodied voice scolds you.10/10 best Asian disembodied voice in a game."
,Recommended,264200,20000415,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Maxklos,"Learned in 10sek, but you cant master it. A lot of fun!"
76561198073823656,Recommended,264200,27948118,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,dewpiece,I didnt have this much fun while playing another game. 10/10 would recommend anyone. Also I suggest to play on android it is fun as hell too
,Recommended,264200,12883320,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Spanish Inquisition,"This game is amazing! The only downside ot this game is that I want to spend more and more time with it as the day goes by! With only two buttons, it is really easy to learn the mechanics but almost impossible to master. Really makes you feel like a kung-fu badass with all of the sick animations. Another thing that kind of bothers me is the horrific accent..... that was a real downer.... thanks goodness we only hear him once in a while"
,Recommended,264200,9396561,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,MagicMairou,"If you want simple, yet addicting brawler, this is a game for you.This game and it's simple two button game mechanics is very satisfying. This may look very cheap (and it is), but it is an excellent game worth your money. The stickman style of graphics works for this games favour and the effects look very cool when you kill horde of enemies coming to your way. I was very sceptical about this game and now I can't let it down. Also you don't have to invest lots of time for this game. It only takes about 1-2 minutes to beat a level and it doesn't have any annoying tutorials like most of the modern games do. This game is pure gold and I will keep on playing it."
76561198036243149,Recommended,264200,20814562,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Etern[A]L,"ONE FINGER DEATH PUNCH!- CLICK THE RIGHT AND LEFT MOUSEBUTTONS! -I have been thinking about writing a review for this game for a long time, but as with many other games I postpone it for some reason. After beating the final level of the highest difficulty I just had to sit down and do it.One finger death punch is the best action indie game I have ever played, and the 98% positive review stats speaks for itself. It's truly unique and breaks the norm in a good way! It's amazing how something so simple can be so insanely fun and addictive, and to be honest I havn't had so much fun with a game in a long time.So what is One finger death punch?It's many things, but for one It's a complete love letter to every kung-fu movie ever made, and to the stickmananimations that went popular growing up (I remember videos made on youtube that looked excactly as badass as how this game is played).So the game itself is played with only two buttons (Yes, TWO buttons. Its called ONE finger death punch but if you play with a mouse I suggest using TWO fingers). So let that sink in for a while, I know what you think: How can a game using only 2 buttons be a fun game? Well, It's actually a bit hard to explain, but I will do my best. It really needs to be experienced to fully understand though.So the stickman in the middle is you, and from left to right you will encounter endless waves of other enemy stickmen. To attack the enemies on the left you press the left mousebutton and vice versa, and that's the basic mechanic of the game. But boy is there more to it than that. On the sides of your stickman there are ""zones"" that will highlight when an enemy enters it. If you time it right you will hit the enemy, if not, you will miss.I know still doesn't sound too exciting does it? But the thing that makes One finger death punch such an amazing game is the response of every single button press that you will click, the animations of the stickman just slaughtering the enemies in the most awesome way possible. Slice their head in two, smash their eyeball out, impale them on weapons, pin them to walls with a bow and arrow, send them flying through the air like ragdolls, kick their jaws off ala mortal kombat x-ray mode... the list is endless.On top of that there are several styles that our little stickman will peform making animations even more varied depending on his fighting style: Drunken fist is my favourite one of the bunch.The thing that makes One finger death punch shine even more, is the fact that there are tiny mechanics around the basic ""enemy enters zone, hit them"" and these mechanics are what makes One finger death punch so enjoyable. During the animations, several events will trigger that will slow down the time and the approach speed of the enemies, which inturn will give you time to think about your next move. This little mechanic along with the variation of enemies that you need to kill is what makes this game so insanely fun and addictive. Examples on the variation of said enemies:Grey stickman:Takes 1 hit to kill.Colors on both sides:Need to hit the enemy in a specific order to fully kill them.Brawler:Will engage the enemy in a one to one duel where you have to press left and right in a specific order in a rapid speed.""?"" Stickman:Unknown combination, usually 2-3 random clicks.The content of the game has much to offer, there are 2 individual modes:Mode 1 - Levels Mode:Sort of the storymode of the game with a huge map with 100s of levels to beat. Finishing the last boss level of each map will unlock the next difficulty, and there are 3 in total. Every level has different kinds of rounds that will play out very differently. The goal is to survive to the end without losing all of the lives that you start off with which range between 1 and 10 lives. Examples of different levels:Mob Round:Kill all the enemies in the level, displayed by a number in the centre of the screen.Defender round:Enemies will throw weapons at you and your goal is to repell them all with a weapon of your own.Survival round:Survive as long as possible.Lightsword round:True jedi style. (Sort of, Its called Lightsword after all).Time round:Kill every enemy before the time runs out.Just to name a few of all the modes that are in the levels mode.Mode 2 - Survival Mode:Survive as long as possible and rack up as much kills as you possily can. There are 3 different modes of Survival and they are unlocked after special criteria.Survival mode:Ordinary survival mode, equip your skills and survive the waves of enemies as long as possible. Difficulty increases the more kills you get.Blind survival mode:Same thing as survival mode, but now you have no visible hit-zones for the enemies, as the name suggests.No Luca no! survival mode:The most difficult survivor mode. At random moments the cat Luca will step infront of the screen to try and mess it up for you by blocking the visibility of the screen. You have to drag the mouse to the sides to get rid of her.All of this makes replayability a big thing since the spike in difficulty gives you a real challange, and the addictive feeling that you always want to do better on a specific level is always there. On the map you can take very different paths to unlock new skills that you can equip and even unlock new skill slots.The extreme satisfaction to get a perfect round or a platinum medal, along with the insane combos performed in such a stylish way is what makes One finger death punch so thrilling, andOH SO FUN!This along with an amazing and bloodpumping soundtrack inspired by kung-fu themed tunes is what puts the cherry on the cake for this title.I decided not to put up a Pros and Cons list for this title cause frankly the Cons are so minimal its not even worth listing.It's a gem, and one of the best action indie-games available on the market. With its cheap price its almost insulting not to own it.I highly recommend this game, BUY IT!"
,Recommended,264200,9380302,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Regulus,"This game seems so innocuous.  You could be forgiven for looking at the menus and simplistic graphics and thinking this is going to be something awful...but you'd be so, SO wrong.  I can't recall another game with such straightforward mechanics, but which pulls them off so well.  Your well-timed mouse clicks will result in a symphony of martial artistry, and you will rejoice.  A perfect game to boot up every few months for a good time.  Buy. This.  Game."
,Recommended,264200,9394741,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,ParadoxSeven,"This game is just awesome fun. The challenge increases as you play, keeping you entertained and addicted. So much fun with just 2 buttons, you need to buy this game now!!"
,Recommended,264200,13879383,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Farissimo,"I must be like, a kung fu god in previous life. This game proves it."
76561197970440937,Recommended,264200,12202002,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Eldritch Crank,"One Finger Death Punch is truly amazing. Why? Because it is just a Stickman-beat-em-up with two buttons that makes you feel like a total boss, punching and kicking your way through thousands of Stickdudes.This game absolutely nails the feel of being a martial-arts-god with its feel for impact, rhythm and flow of the levels.It´s simple, sure but SO fulfilling. Total Reccomendation, easily worth the money."
,Recommended,264200,11054167,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Bad Newz,The most addictive game ever made !
76561198025927604,Recommended,264200,9386361,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,SeksBad,"it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing and fun for a 2D brawler, 5 out of 5 doctors would recommend buying this game.PLUS it's cheap, 4-5€ i mean c'mon BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,264200,10978853,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MasterMarkyMarc,the best fighter of its time and street fighter can eat its heart out
,Recommended,264200,10984714,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sceltex The VAC Banned,BEST GAME EVER X0X0X0X
,Recommended,264200,10964094,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Shaffler,Simple yet oh so satisfying game with one goal: annihilate anything and everything that enters your punching range.For best results play some kickass music and watch as you destroy anything that comes your way.
76561198086950480,Recommended,264200,10969965,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Hypemaster,"Easy to play and extremely addictive, yet challenging at the same time."
76561198067678423,Recommended,264200,16809141,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Obi-Wan Shinobi,The most entertaining game I have ever played. I suggest this game to all people even to the ones ones which hate games like mk. This game is different bros. Just Buy It.
76561198203045966,Recommended,264200,16821391,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Megaman38131 TradeSkinsFast.com,You feel like Buce Lee and if you don't buy this game after what I just said than you're crazy!!!!
,Recommended,264200,16834354,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,'Captain Fantastic,Awesome
76561198215137172,Recommended,264200,16837759,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Slikillaz2310,"YES, this game is awesome, two buttons,or clicks, but extremely hard, great fun if you need a stress reliever game, simple,just the way i like it. 99% chance you will love it."
76561197977515636,Recommended,264200,16844894,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Skeletom,"fast and furious clicky game to the left and the right, kung fu style! love it!"
,Recommended,264200,16847573,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,clay,"Picked this up in the last sale and glad I did. It's crazy addictive and a real test of skill, considering it's just two mouse buttons (and then moving the mouse in the No Luca No survival mode). With the awesome sound and particle effects it really feels like you are kicking everyone's♥♥♥♥♥as you get into the harder levels. Highly recommended for anyone that wants to try something different - like a minimalistic Cook Serve Delicious!"
,Recommended,264200,16862416,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Carambola,Everytime I beat a level I do a stereotypical chinese accent.
,Recommended,264200,16863970,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,BlueBattleHawk,If you get this game be prepared to get in deep.One Finger deep...No but really it takes two.
76561198019728434,Recommended,264200,16867238,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Greg,"Simple, fun and incredibly addictive. Channel your inner Jackie Chan."
,Recommended,264200,16885896,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Vince Blood,PUNCH THINGS WITH YOUR FINGERSIT'S HARDER THAN IT SOUNDS
,Recommended,264200,16914303,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,[REB-L]Spyrle,"This is one of those rare time sinks that you can come back to for 10-20 minutes at a time and have an absolute blast with before returning to your day. It's a fantastically simplistic brawler that makes you feel like you're the best player in the world after only taking down a small number of enemies and gives visceral feedback for everything you do. You only have two buttons, attack left and attack right. You simply have to hit an enemy when they are in your attack range and outside of special enemies that require multiple hits most targets fall in one strike.The hidden complexity comes from the increase in overall enemy speed after every succesful level and the various skills and weapons that can be gained. Enemies ocassionally carry weapons when they attack you which you, in turn, can use for a short time. Arrows, knives, and bombs can be thrown - while swords, staffs, maces, broomsticks and even a fish (?) can be used as melee weapons - increasing your attack range for a limited time. Special skills are also unlocked after certain milestones and can be equipped to give you extra bonuses like longer lasting weapons, longer attacks or even freezing enemies in place. The aforementioned special enemies also offer a challenge - requiring timing and dexterity to take down as they require multiple button presses of one or both attack buttons.There is a massive number of missions to play as you press on to unlock skills and improve your own ability, with two extra difficulty modes to unlock once you've cleared them all. On top of all that theres an addictively fun survival mode that pits you against as many enemies as you can possibly handle - with 2 variants unlocked after you hit score milestones.To top it all off the music and sound effects really pump up the feeling that you're this amazing fighter; every hit causes cracks, snaps, and crashes. Scenery gets dropped into place and blown apart when enemies fly into it, and the background music gives the whole game the feel of a epic fight sequence from a martial arts movie.There are a few minor issues like the positions of some of the buttons on the interface and the inability to scroll the map in mission mode, but for such a small entry price and the fun you have when youre playing they're something you can just look past easily.Overall it's fantastic game that's become a staple of my lunchtime gaming.I honestly couldn't recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,264200,16921240,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Mister Skeleton,"More than once I have caught myself saying ""ATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATA"" while playing this game"
76561197973789162,Recommended,264200,16922589,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Micnie,I turn on my machine to play a AAA game - end up playing this game again... Why is this game so addicting?!
,Recommended,264200,16925435,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Xenolithus,Fun like hell. Bad mood destroyer. Buy it next time it's on sale.
76561198093248261,Recommended,264200,16953811,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,SuperStashMan,if you are in a total rage from something very often then by this game. also buy this game if you just want to have fun.
76561198072752697,Recommended,264200,10961666,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,kmpking,"Very Fun, Works On Your Reaction Time, and addactive highly recommend"
