user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198027824245,Recommended,264240,8629687,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Robin,"So here I am... Trying to get KOTOR to work on my computer and failing miserably. I go to the store with $20 in my Steam wallet. Fed up and tired to pick an indie game that looked interesting.I run into CONSORTIUM.I decide ah, what the hell and buy it. To my surprise, it actually turned out to be a great game.The story goes as follows: You are you. The game itself is actually a portal to an alternate reality's future where you inhabit the body of a man codenamed ""Bishop - 6"" a high ranking officer in the CONSORTIUM. That's all the game tells you about the character (at least in the time I played it) The game physically cannot let you know about Bishop's past, as it glitches out when people talk about it. The characters and the writing are better than a lot of triple-a titles out there and can be very humorous at times.The music is beautiful, it sounds like it could go in KOTOR itself, and there is a reason for that: Jeremy Soule composed this game's soundtrack. As an admirer of his work I was pleasantly surprised.Other than a few minor bugs, the CONSORTIUM is a fantastic experience in my honest opinion.Check this game out! You'll be glad you did!"
,Recommended,264240,16993951,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,TheUnknownFactor,"This game looks pretty poor and has remarkably long loading times. It's also a pretty short game; I finished it twice in about 11 hours.With that said, this game is worth playing twice if you enjoy this type of game. What type is that? An RPG with lots of decisions and consequences. Note that, the decisions you make are actually quite impactful, and the game entirely allows you to make ""bad"" decisions (the game itself describes this as there being no bad decisions). Beyond that, the game explores some fairly cool science fiction themes and does a fairly good job in making those themes interesting and plausible.Just a small addendum: I said this game is largely based around decisions and consequences. Let me elaborate on this a little. During the game you'll be trying to solve a sort of mystery. You will not be spoon-fed the answers to your questions and your suspicions will not easily be confirmed. Even if you do a pretty thorough job of the 'investigation', there's a good chance you won't figure it out. However: That is okay. If you don't figure it out the game doesn't become less fun after that point.I would absolutely recommend this game, with one sidenote: This is a short game. If you think a game costing 15 euro or dollar or whatever, should net you ~15+ hours of gameplay, then you should buy this game when it's on sale. I myself bought it at 65% off, but feel like I wouldn't have been upset if I'd bought it at full price."
76561198043610656,Recommended,264240,12692001,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Bobobear13,"An awsome game that reminds me of a good Star trek episode, and like star trek, this game's story feels like a first episode in a series with it's to be continued ending four hours in.  In truth, this game alone is not worth the $20 asking price and should be bought on sale for around the basic price tag for a dlc. Around $10. Gameplay wise, with everything patched all I had to complain about is some subpar graphics, but this can be forgiven from a indie developer when everything else is this well done.In shortGood Story though short, Poor graphics, great soundtrack, great controls, but over priced.7.5/10"
76561198005149891,Not Recommended,264240,8654900,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Toxin,"It's been a long time since I felt fully trolled by a game. Lets ignore the game breaking bugs and the fact that most people seem incapable of finishing the game. Lets ignore the peculiar graphics choices since they're functional and graphics arent important as long as they perform all the tasks you need them to in the game.Here be spoilers.This entire 'game' is the intro sequence to a game they havent made yet! You're told bishops are essentially a warrior class, you're given a powerful suit of armour, several weapons and several pieces of equipment that you plug into your armour for various effects...and there is no combat in the game. The combat takes place in a virtual reality suite, there is one opportunity for actual physical combat in the game and it only happens if you screw everything up. Also, the special equipment you get for plugging into your suit that gives you different abilities? that is only given to you AS THE GAME ENDS! Meaning they put work into coding items you are physically incapable of using in the game at any point. They constantly talk about the combat system, the equipment system, your role as a warrior in this alternate society...and before you actually engage in any combat the game ends. This game would have been perfectly fine as an interactive story game. If they had included none of the taunting allusions to combat, none of the equipment and several guns you will never use in any situation (they're even locked down during the game with the safety on, I never even fired them) and focused on the one thing the game delivers, a good narrative and great voice acting, it would have been a good game. But constantly promising that this is a first person shooter with role playing aspects when it is in fact a socialization simulator is misleading and a direct attempt to lull in a different audience.In short it's 2014 and having a dialogue tree in a game is not a selling point, we've had those functioning at this level since the 90s. You cant sell a game entirely on the point it has a dialogue tree in it, so they clumsily tacked on some pretend first person shooter aspects to use guns to sell it. The entire 'game' is a sham. It's an interactive movie, which would be fine if they marketed it that way. Including features it isnt possible to use anywhere in the 'game' whilst constantly leading you to believe the game is a first person shooter in the advertising and in the game itself is dishonest and frankly insulting."
76561198057276193,Recommended,264240,8628202,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,DanglySpaghettiRiderTaperosc,"I originally had massive problems with running this game, and plenty of others did as well. In my frustration i wrote a negative review because of its near unplayable state.Interdimensional Studios themselves admited ( and apologized ) that ""Consortium's"" launch was horribly buggy and thankfully this is no longer the case. With all their hard work and dedication to the project all bugs (game-breaking or just weird) are now gone.I intended on fully editing this review if the problems were solved and now they have.I can best describe 'Consortium' as a mix of the original Star Trek and Mass Effect with the shooting mechanics and engine of Half Life 2 and if that mix doesn't sound good to you ( or you didn't like any of these examples ) then it's hard to recommend. However if you're looking for epic 1st person sci-fi romp with an emphasis on story, dialogue, player choice story and wrapped up with some decent shooting mechanics look no further.'Consortium' is also the first in a trilogy and only lasts about 10 hours at the most, however it never feels ""too short"" and i'm very excited for what's to come. The story is brilliantly written, the game has marvelous presentation and the characters throughout the adventure are interesting and their dialogue throughout it is well done. Combat is a bit like an old school shooter mixed with Half-Life 2 (which i find works well enough) but it's hardly the focus of the game.No, the focus of 'Consortium' is the interactions between you and the other crew aboard the ship with multiple dialogue choices and the dire consequences for most of them, and Interdermentional studios have done it brilliantly. Even with my previous frustration at launch it's obvious how far 'Consortium' has come and the Master Edition truly is worth anyone's time especially for only $20.This is the type of game i've been wanting ever since Mass Effect came out, and it certainly doesn't disappoint."
76561197971413380,Recommended,264240,9980609,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,sarx,"You could be interested in this game if you like short, dense, dialogue driven games in a near future setting - with a focus on replaying different permutations of choices.You are dumped on a high tech airplane that functions as mobile base as the enforcer of a multinational all-powerful corporation. You are the ""new guy that everyone is a bit frightened of"" since you  are the guy with the Robocop-armor and guns.  You get know your 16 fellow corpers then someone dies and suddenly there are fighter airplanes on the horizon and someone in the plane seems to feed them information and sabotage as much as possible. The meat of the game is to talk to your fellow specialists, watch their actions, threaten them (or not), deduct information, cross reference alibis, and find the traitor (if there is one). Dialogue (and background dossiers on the info-terminals) are extensive, well written and well performed.Solving the mystery around the traitor(?) is the big draw of the game but since it is quite short (about 5-6 hours) and events are dense and develop quite differently depending on how you talk to people replaying the game just for kicks can be very motivating if you are the kind of player this appeals to.There are first person shooter elements in this game but they are mostly optional. The gameplay in these is competent but nothing special."
,Recommended,264240,19214104,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Chevalier de la Saucisse,"A short, but great adventure game. A game that explores some quite complex and intelligent science fiction themes, while simultaneously baffling you with a mystery that you probably won't solve after a single playthrough.A brilliant concept. Overwhelming amounts of ""game lore"" (which you can safely ignore if you dislike reading). Characters with diverse and well-developed personalities. An intriguing sci-fi setting. Fun and creative. Being the first part a trilogy, it is nevertheless self-contained and worth playing right now.If you get it on sale, your satisfaction is even more guaranteed, because most of the negative reviews seem to focus on the game being too short for its price. Do yourself a favor and wait for a sale so that your experience is not tainted by mundane financial concerns."
,Recommended,264240,12941774,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Hidden Inside,"This game is a truly unique experience. It seems like an RPG and an FPS but in reality its neither and both at the same time! Its atmospheric, well conceived, extremely charismatic and has an immense replay value. Also you get to witness the consequences for your branching actions fairly soon.Now the game is not perfect, particularly its extremely short that would be my biggest complain, its just criminal to show me this amazing product and not be able to enjoy more of it! Inventory system seems vastly redundant, same goes for some other things, like energy conversion.The NPCs in this game are extremely believable and charismatic. Each with their own 'thing' going for them. Particularly the slavic hobo! The man is oozing confident demeanour while being interesting all around.The action elements in the game are interestingly done, - the plane shootout was incredible fun, but was cut short quick, while ground combat seemed to need more polish.Overall its an incredibly solid 8.5 it would easily be 10 had it a bit more content to explore and if the ground combat was ...better.VERY RECOMMENDED. Eagerly awaiting part 2 of this masterpiece."
76561197972084952,Recommended,264240,9987354,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Microangelo,"The first time I played through the game I found a fun, interesting, tightly woven adventure story with humor, action, drama and rising stakes... very enjoyable.But interestingly, I didn't have to resolve every single thing to get through the game's narrative. Still, I felt a stong desire to resolve a particular situation and uncover this part of the story. So I played through again. And then a third time.On the third playthrough I resolved the situation and uncovered something that not only fit with things that the game had been hinting at, but also blew my mind because the ""narrative device"" of exploring this complex alternate universe turned out to be more complex than it appeared on the surface. I finally got a small part of what the game had been trying to tell me all along.Once you realize what might really be going on -- it is HUGE.Not not only did I WANT to play the game again and learn as much as I could for my own enjoyment -- and I'll mention here that I've played the game all the way through about a dozen times, finding new and interesting things each time -- but I also felt that from a narrative perspective that I NEEDED to play through and learn as much as I could because of what I realized was going on."
,Recommended,264240,17017220,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,MrZeebub,"At it's core, Consortium is a playable movie. But your decisions drastically change the course of it. So, really, it's YOUR movie.I'm not usually one for story-heavy games, but it's been a long time since I was so captivated by a first person story. I've seldom played a game that made me care so much.A lot of love went into this project, and I can't wait to see where it's going."
,Recommended,264240,15227321,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,scrypt,"A fun, sci-fi rabbit hole, which I recommend jumping into, headfirst. If you like murder mysteries, time travel, parallel worlds...if you like Star Trek, there is a high probability that you will love Consortium. Jeremy Soule composed the score, so you know you'll want to get the DLC, too, which includes the soundtrack, as well as collected information from the developers A.R.G. from 2010. The A.R.G. website is still active(http://interdimensionalgames.com/), so you could take the time to spelunk that cave of wonders if you like, or save time and just absorb all that you can from what's included in the DLC.You'll encounter a few bugs here and there. The ones that bothered me the most were when characters would talk over each other, making it hard to follow what either one is saying. Thankfully, this only happened a couple of times, and the game encourages (almost requres?) you to play through multiple times to experience the whole story. My first play was about 5 hours, at a comfortable pace. Very good storytelling here, and the second game (of a planned trilogy) is on the way. A good world to sink your mind into!"
76561198125070232,Recommended,264240,28986435,Posted: 3 January,all,imnotahick,"This game was just...wow.I put about 16 hours into my first playthrough of this game, but you could get through the campaign in probably just one or two. An hour or two of my playtime I was AFK, but the rest of it? How did I get so much more time out of it?Reading.Yup, you read that right. I spent a dozen hours just reading in this game, and I don't think I even found everything there was to read. You see, this entire game takes place on a single ship, asking questions about a single murder, and yet, somehow, this team has put together the foundation for an entire universe inside of this tiny little game. Instead of exploring a massive world, doing quests and collecting bits and pieces of lore along the way, it's all laid out for you in a computer database filled with journals, clips from newspapers, transcripts of audio files, blogs, and pretty much any form of medium you can think of.Each story is broken up into pieces, some having all of the pieces lined up nicely for you, others you have to go digging for. When I first got into the database, the sheer amount of information seemed daunting, but the more I read, the more I got sucked into this world. It shows you how this universe came to be the way it did, noting several historical events that changed the course of their history from ours (such as Italy siding with the Central Powers during WWI and Hitler's assassination in the beginning of WWII).Without getting into spoilers, it also hints at some potentially darker aspects of everything that's going on. There seem to be mysteries within mysteries, and every answer you find just gives you more questions to wonder about.Before I end this, just a couple of things I noticed that could be improved upon:1) There were a number of spelling mistakes within the database as well as some of the subtitles not quite matching with the dialogue. Some of the spelling mistakes seem to be intentional (like putting those mysterious ""21""s around everywhere) while others seem to be actual mistakes (using bear instead of bare, simple misspellings, etc). While they *do* slightly take away from the immersion of the game, they definitely don't break it. And the misprints with the dialogue still tell the same idea, it just isn't always the exact same phrasing.2) This is really just a minor annoyance, but it's kind of annoying that you can see the ""+/-"" symbol for the dropdown menu of crew relations on your main HUD but you can only access it when you're on the inventory or main menu screen. Either don't make it visible on the HUD or let us access it directly through a shortkut key (like, say, the ""+"" or ""-"" key).3) Speaking of crew relations, I would absolutely love more opportunities to interact with the crew. The depth they've created for their world is amazing, but apart from a couple of main characters, the rest of the crew seems kind of bland, just given a quirk to run with. The Induction Summary Interviews are nice, but it'd be nice to actually see their backgrounds play out through our interaction with them. Looking at the sequel, it seems like there won't be much interaction with the crew apart from over the CMC, so I guess they were more concerned with world-building than relationships, which I get. Although if I'm being really honest with myself, I just wanted more of a chance to flirt with Carla. She was the first person I met outside of my cabin and I guess I couldn't help but want to get to know more about her.4) Last (and definitely the least) of my issues with this game is the graphics. You can tell they're a bit dates. But you know what? It doesn't take away from the story, it doesn't make combat any more difficult, and so ultimately, it doesn't take away from the game. I'm really just putting this hear to let you know that it's there. This isn't the prettiest game out there, but it's what's on the inside that counts, right?Now if you'll excuse me, I'm ready to jump back into this thing so that I can try to figure out...well, everything."
76561198045532751,Recommended,264240,8629836,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Chard,"I haven't gotten too far into the game yet, so these are just first impressions...   A very promising game, but there are issues.  The game runs terribly, I've got every setting turned down to ""low"" or ""off"" and I've still got framerate issues.  I'm no graphics ♥♥♥♥♥, but it would be nice if the game at least ran smoothly.  It's keeping me from getting immersed into the story.  However the devs claim to be working on a patch, and I'll take their word on that for the time beingThe combat seems lacking, but I didn't buy this game for combat and I'm more interested in taking the non-lethal route anyway.Dialogue/writing.  I'm VERY early in the game yet, but this ain't no Mass Effect 1 & 2 (we shall never speak of 3) but it is passable, and the characters seem likable enough so far (though the doc is either poorly acted or intentionally creepy, I won't be shocked if that's a plot point)STILL, this game seems interesting, and I'd rather be playing this than a Call of Duty, or a Bioshock clone, or whatever else is ""new"" that I've already played 4,000 times before, so I'm going to give it a tenative recommend."
,Recommended,264240,22795237,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,FordGT90Concept,"Consortium is a very story and dialog driven game.  To sum up briefly...Dialogs: lots and branchingDuration: relatively short (a few hours depending on what you do) but replaying highly recommendedStory: excellentCombat: completely avoidable but if you do it is passable (great if coupled with an AutoHotKey script to overcome some binding quirks)Characters: lots of variety and about 20 of them.  They're memorable enough you'll remember most of their names.Environment: small (stuck on a large aircraft) but detailed.Graphics: the style is minimalist.  Judge for yourself from the screenshots.I love this game so much, I invested big bucks into the Fig campaign for the sequel.  It's not for everyone but it is at least worth playing once to decide if it is for you.Saves will carry over to The Tower!"
,Recommended,264240,13755790,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,cactus friend,"I'm about an hour into my first playthrough of the game - I hear a single playthrough is about two hours long. As soon as I'm done, I want to start the game again and try different things. This game is incredibly successful at engaging a lot more of my brain and 'gut feelings' than most. I'm not sure that I've ever played a game that gave the player such respect while also commanding so much responsibility.Without revealing too much; you're thrown (somewhat 'naked') into a key role during a specific series of events. Your decisions and actions can sway how events unfold and also how the game is to be played. In most games, if you stray too far from what they want to show you, the game tugs harshly at your leash or essentially shuts down and waits for you to come back. Not so, here! As far as I can tell, the only time you're really yanked out of the proceedings is if your character dies. Then, you can load up an auto-save from earlier and try something else. That's only happened to me once so far. Basically, if you bumble, the game unfolds in a logical way as it would if someone in your position bumbled in an actual situation like this, if that makes sense.What kind of a game is it? Well, it's a shooter if you want it to be...I guess. It's a missile defense game sometimes. It's a 'cool special agent on a plane' social simulator. It's an alternate future reality quantum leap homage thingiemadoop."
76561198003778936,Recommended,264240,10593613,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dix,"Though some aspects, especially the shooter gameplay, are a little finicky and it's over all too soon, CONSORTIUM is an interesting take on the interactive mystery, and not a half bad near-future world to get lost in."
,Not Recommended,264240,34561404,Posted: 28 August,all,Bob,"It is difficult to crystallise my thoughts on this game into a simple thumbs up or thumbs down because the game has some great aspects but also some out right bad elements.The game starts off really well, you are basically playing as Captain Archer in Quantum Leap inhabiting some guy's body. However Brother Cavil doesn't turn up with a computer made out of LEGO to tell you what is going on so you have to try and ask people to explain things without giving away that you an imposter. The voice acting is excellent, the characters feel natural and the world building is thorough.This does lead me onto the first thing I didn't like; during my first conversation I asked about something and was effectively told to just Google it. This makes sense from the perspective of how a real person might react but from a game play and immersive story telling perspective it does not. Having to sift through pages of dry text on the in game information system does not help me feel like I'm part of this world. It is also rather tedious, I tried on a couple of occasions to look at all of this information to get a fuller picture of the universe but each time gave up caring.Once the game got into the murder mystery it again started well but didn't really reach a satisfying conclusion. As you talk to people there are various things that vaguely point your suspicions in one direction or another and keep you guessing but then out of nowhere it stops and the game just straight up asks you who did it. So I just had to guess and guessed wrong. After a couple of play throughs I looked up who the murderer was and even with that knowledge I couldn't see anything that would point more suspicion at that character more than any other. I was forced to conclude that you were supposed to just play through again and again until you guessed the right character. Only after a good few more playthroughs did I find the vital piece of evidence. It turns out that I almost found it in my first attempt but I missed it due to the terrible inventory system. I can't explain better without spoilers,having found “Farewell, My Lovely” there is no option to interact with it only to absorb it for energy. Yeah having found some guy's favourite book that may be the vital clue in a murder investigation my first reaction is not, oh I'd better disintegrate the hell out of this.This brings me onto the worst part of this game, the inventory system. Whoever built the inventory clearly wandered into the sprint planning for a completely different game and built this overcomplicated mess. This game is all about the dialogue, combat is a minor side part of the game so all this game needed was a health bar, a lethal weapon and a non-lethal one but instead you have multiple weapons with different firing modes and ammunition types together with an unintuitive system where if you fully charge your battery you can't carry anything. The most telling thing about this system is that there is a community guide on how to use it. If someone has to write a guide for your basic user interface it is not an intuitive system.Now onto the other big thing I didn't like. The game makes a big deal about how much your choices matter so after I completed the game I immediately started it again to play through doing the opposite of what I did in the first time. And sure enough just like The Walking Dead and Silent Hill Shattered Memories before it your decisions really don't matter. Yes you get different dialogue and a couple of events pan out differently but the core flow of the narrative is the same.Usually I like achievements as they give you an incentive to go back and find bits you have missed or play the game in a different way but here I found to get many of the achievements you had to play through so much of the game again it quickly became repetitive and tiresome.I haven't talked about the story yet which is for the most part good with some novel 4th wall breaking which I liked but it does drag a bit. Towards the end of the game it builds but to what is either going to be the end of game cliffhanger or onto the next big chapter of this game. So here is what finally tipped me to give this a thumbs down, I was relived that it was the end of the game. That is not the feeling you want to leave a gamer with on a cliffhanger ending so I am not going to buy the sequel."
,Recommended,264240,16986155,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,morphor,"I normally don't write reviews for games for one reason or another, but I liked this game enough and commend the devs for the work they have done on it. The game is somewhat unique in the fact that the world itself from what I've played continues through time like it's an actual world, now I have only played through it once so I don't know if it actually does that but it does it enough to feel alive. It's inspired by various sources but I'd say what has it inspired the most is probably choose your own adventure books, moreso then a particular game. Yes you can say Mass Effect, Yes you can say Deus Ex but a lot of these games while much longer don't quite encapture the amount of stuff you can actually do to affect the game's world the way Consortium does.As much as I personally love this game, if you're looking for your typical action RPG this, unfortunately for you is not it, and by the end you may end up feeling like you bought a preview for what's to come as it's a trilogy that will yes, have a continual storyline. So for folks that are looking for a bit more meat I'd pass for now, check on the sequel when it comes out and buy both. Personally even without it, It's worth the price of admission just for the taste of what the developers hold in store.Pros:great story interraction and loregood mechanicscons (only if you consider it)not typical action RPG/potential content"
,Recommended,264240,9976602,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Vad,"For being Chapter 1 in an incomplete series this piece of software shocked me. I've played through the entire game more than twice now. Each time I'm compelled to try things different or to just explore the ship or ""world"" that you're presented with. The whole idea of this game is refreshing and I really can't place why it makes me want to explore and read everything.What hooked me is the idea that you're stationed on this giant plane that is your flying home base. That you're given the sense you'll be deployed onto missions and then report back to the plane for debrief. That sense of procedure is amazing. You actually take part in the conversations and influence everything.A+ from meEDIT: Updated because I wrote this while tired. Thanks for the heads up IDG."
76561198043950022,Not Recommended,264240,29649865,Posted: 2 February,all,leonn3k,"The story is interesting, the writing is good. The gameplay is disappointing, and just plainly bad. I spent quite a while fighting an incredibly boring bullet sponge of an enemy, more or less playing a game of tag, running between recharge stations. It was very very tedious and just frustrating. After many slow reloads after many ♥♥♥♥♥♥ deaths, I eventually defeated the aggressor. I recovered a chip that i had to put into a wall panel. I attempted to put the chip in, but it wouldn't work. I tried a few things before the chip completely disappeared. Poof. Gone. I had to reload back into the excrutiating fight. There's no way I'm going to play through that again. I have better things to do, such as write long-winded steam reviews.I want to mention that before this I was having a good time, the gameplay was still not very good but it was interesting enough with the story and dialogue. If the combat and actual gameplay was better I would change my recommendation."
,Recommended,264240,10972716,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Zeemond,"So the game tutorial starts by snowing you how your special abilities/weapons functions. However, I managed to play through the game and fighting only once.  That is a rare thing, a RPG which actually let you forge a path, so far i beleive there are not that many opportunities to fight (this is episode 1, the others promise more action i think but thats speculation, there's also computer simulations for more action if needed). Although there was not much action, the storytelling was exelent. You actually get invested with the people you meet and the action you take. The characters you interact with also have a 'beyond highschool' mindset, and will speak about various things/subject (aka they do more than flirt with each others and reference the same poppular things). For instance a character is an addict to an online MMO and spen most of her time playing it. If confronted about that, other character may tell their opinion but not get invested too much as they are busy at that time. I had fun and will definitely at least replay once. I would say that the game is possibly closer to a visual novel than a full fledged action game, for part 1 at least. This does not take away from the experience, luckily. If you like this kind of game, it's worth a buy, this is not what i was originally expecting, but i enjoyed it all the way through!have a nice day and game on!-Lost"
76561197999432438,Recommended,264240,22803450,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Historian,"Ever wanted to play a Star Trek episode, where you're serving as the security officer?That's pretty much Consortium - a weird mixture of Deus Ex, a Star Trek episode, Chess, and the metanarrative of Assassin's Creed.Connect to the mind of Bishop 6 and live a day in the life of a Consortium Bishop. It's pretty damned cool."
,Recommended,264240,24422372,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Jet Wong,"TLDR: Think of this as a single really long level from Deus Ex. There are a bunch of characters, a single unifying mystery, some systems and mini-games, and ties to a (frustratingly obtuse) larger conflict.The setting is jaw-droppingly complex. Sure, you can understand the core mystery (who is the traitor onboard?) without knowing the setting, but if you want to immerse yourself, you need some ritalin and a lot of patience. Be prepared to play an entire ARG, read thousands of words of backstory, and dive deep into the 'discoveries' folder (free DLC.) And even then, nothing is resolved; you've got a Byzantine world of intrigue and near-future politics. The story you play (a murder mystery) is a tiny fraction of a greater conflict that Adam Jensen could never hope to understand. We're talking ancient aliens, future churches, megacorporations, rogue AIs, machine revolutions, and multiverse theory.I'll let you down easy; once you go into the briefing (towards the end of the game) about the next mission, that's it. You've got one more scene and then you're done. This game ends right when you're expecting to continue playing, and in a bad way. It's not just a cliffhanger, it's a frustrating and abrupt ending that leaves all the major questions unresolved.I think there are only two ways to dive into Consortium:1. Play through the game. Interact with the crew. Try to ignore the setting. Enjoy the mystery.2. Dive deep. Read the documents. Play the ARG. Go on the forum. Read every kickstarter update. Spend hours on the in-game infodump terminals. Lose sleep over abstract concepts and the constant repetition of the number 21. Wait for the sequel in 2018.With all that said, I only write the review because I like the game. It's got lots of interesting character moments, some decent voice acting, and a fantastic soundtrack.I think you should pick it up if you like investigation or mystery games, because it's a neat little experiment within the genre."
,Recommended,264240,8643405,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Tundrathor,"The current build is a bit on the buggy side, overall this game is quite impressive if you ignore some of the technical difficulties this title is expieriencing at the moment. Consortium breaks the 4th wall for the first time in a refreshing way, that makes you (the player) feel like you are actually integtrated into this universe. The decision making paradigm is similar to Mass Effect, the game play is much more free than that, you can truly make your own decisions, if you want to punch one of your female comrades in the face, go ahead, if you want to talk it out with everyone you encounter, you can. It is because of this simple fact of freedom of choice that I feel like Consortium is a stand out title. I highly recommend Consortium to fans of shows like Firefly or Star Trek to even fans of Adventure games like Monkey Island or Sherlock Holmes."
,Recommended,264240,14148749,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Skeeter The Lurker,You will be thrown into this game head first.You will not know what you are doing.You will not know who you are.Your crew will not explain jack to you as you already 'know' what you need to.You will flouder and wander about.You will make seemingly pointless choices.And you will find that all of that has lead to something you didn't expect.You will tear you hair out and you will scratch your now-bald head in confusion and you will scream as you try to decipher the barrage of info thrown at you.And you...Will.Love.Every.God.Damn.Second.Of it.10/A+ would get mind screwed again.~STL
,Recommended,264240,22966346,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,hubcaps,"Really weird, pretty short and everything you do has a consequence. I really don't know how else to describe it, but I think I liked it."
,Recommended,264240,13853869,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Time Wraith,"Holy wow, I had only just heard of this game a few weeks before the December 2014 Steam Holiday Sale, so I didn't have a lot of expectations going in. However, even if I'd set my expectations sky high, I don't think this game would have disappointed me.First off, the game is rather pretty; the cel shaded graphics will likely help the game retain playability for a long time, so if you don't have the money to spend now, you can always wait for the next sale. Bonus: The developers have said there will be future episodes of Consortium that build upon the events of this game, so waiting for that may be in your best interest if you're a binge gamer.As for the story, it feels pretty natural. If you're unfamiliar, the game puts you in the body of a person in the future. The game itself pretends that this is actually happening, so when you have to pretend you know what is going on, it feels legitimate. However, that also means that on future playthroughs, you can react to situations differently as you are more familiar with the game's lore. The game is built with this concept in mind, which makes it extremely replayable. On that note, I recommend playing the game through, living with each decision you make, rather than reloading to see how consequences change. In the amount of time I spent watching the loading screen, I probably could have played the game through at least one or possibly two more times.The situtations the game puts you in have the feel of action-packed, suspensful movie scenes, and the game does a darned good job making you feel as if you were really in the thick of things. Also, since you're not the captain, you're not always the center of attention. In my opinion, this feeling adds another layer of deptht to the game as it made me feel more like a part of the crew, as opposed to having me order people around, Kirk-style.I can't speak much for the combat because the game gives you the options to not have to fight, except for one ""air combat"" mission. The controls in general felt solid. There's nothing that felt innovative here, but nothing that felt broken.The only time the game didn't feel smooth were when I accidentally triggered an event that moved the story forward before I meant to. This is a chronic issue I have in games and may speak more about me than it does about the game.Bottom Line/TL;DR: If you want to feel like you're actually in a futuristic crew on a ship flying around on missions, then this game is likely to be right up your alley. The conversation choices and reactions to actions you take feel natural and make you feel like you really are hijacking the body of someone in the future."
,Recommended,264240,8800277,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,ate50eggs,"When the Mass Effect trilogy controversially ended with a seemingly arbitrary final choice, it also felt like it invalidated all the choices leading up to it. Players were outraged because the game offered them a glimpse of something truly awesome and then snatched it away, right as the game came to an end. To be fair to the trilogy, what players felt they deserved was something most a games don't eventryto provide: a true sense of player agency.There's an obvious reason why giving players non-trivial choices is so rare. It's super hard. Every time a player makes a meaningful choice, the developer has to create all of the content for the path they choseandall of the content for the path they might not ever experience. The amount of content that needs to be written is literally exponential to the amount of content that the player experiences.CONSORTIUM ambitiously tries to meet this goal and it actually mostly succeeds. The most common complaint is that it's short. Of course it's short. It has to be. For every chunk of the game that you see, the devs had to make many that you don't. This branched story structure is essential for creating the kind of fun anxiety that comes from making real choices with incomplete information. The tradeoff is that you're paying for a lot of content that you'll never see.The developers have tried to address this issue by making the game highly re-playable. Not only can you return to saved games to check out different paths, some elements of the game are actually different on different playthroughs. This solution sort of works, but the bulk of the dialogue never changes so replays can feel pretty tedious. The repetitiveness feels especially punishing when you have to re-load a game due to finicky dialogue and quest triggers. The game shipped with a ton of bugs, many of which are now fixed, but the triggers still require some babysitting.Overall, it's an ambitious game and a worthwhile experience. I'll definitely check out the sequel.One final thought: CONSORTIUM advertized a large library of in-game text to read. It's theoretically optional, but thereisinformation in there that can affect your game. Another important thing to know about it is that it's extremely boring. As much fun as I had playing the game, the world outside the aircraft is not particularly compelling."
,Recommended,264240,8942442,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Hezzy,"An amazing interactive experience with the most detailed and extensive backstory I have ever encountered. This is going toset the trend for a new genre of game; it's somewhere between a book, social experimentation and a FPS video game. If you've ever played Deus Ex or Mass Effect and loved the dialogue options but been disappointed that it wasn't more in depth, this is the game for you. I have already played this game through three times and I'm still discovering things I missed in previous playthroughs.In summary, a brilliant experience for the kind of person who really likes to delve into the backstory of different universes as well as experiment with dialogue and decision trees."
76561198090605743,Not Recommended,264240,13994636,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,mr.seventenski,">10 USD now, That's still too much for the length of this game however.The game is so short it will make you feel like you just played a demo for a real game.  I have 7.4 hours on record which alot of that was me leaving the game running while I was doing other things, yet I still finished the game.  I think the devs wanted to make the game into a series, but I can't really see that happening.  As fun as this game can be at times I can't recommend paying more than $2.00 for it.  Without a doubt it's not worth the $20.00 they are still charging for this game."
76561198094935797,Recommended,264240,29948839,Posted: 15 February,all,[M.A.C.O.] Schrödinger,"Tad bit of a ramble here. So first things first. The Pros and the Cons, followed by my own interpretation of this game and how the Devs did.ProsBranching Story Archs.Character Interaction.Mutiple ways to deal with major issues.Your choices actually matter.Non-Playable Characters have individual personality.Some epic puns and hints (Especially the Riker, and Picard ones.).Runs smoothly.Combat can be very interesting in the VT/Boarding Mission.ConsCrashes at least once per playthrough, but nore more than two crashes recorded.Looooong load times for me.----------------------------------------------------Now then I've had this game since it first came out for Early Access. And have seen it grow from ""Okay"" to ""Brilliant"". The developers have done an amazing job with this game, and I regret I never got to back The Tower while I was away on business. This game fills a very small but important need in video game storytelling/art that I can't seem to find anyplace else.If you require NPCs to interact with, a story that pushes you, a set of missions that will make you think, like for your choices to matter, like for your actions to matter, and want a Star Trek Bridge style feel of how interactions take place then I highly recommend this game. You will need patience, timley interaction, tact, wits, and multiple playthroughs to fully appreciate this game. This is NOT a heavily combat oriented game where you're a Pew-Pew super soldier. Instead this is more about negotiation, diplomacy, wits, and thinking. Sure you can be combative (Both lethal, or non-lethal.), but that is only a very small part of the game. This is an interactive story. A Novel that can be inerpreted differently with each playthrough.I look forward to The Tower and seeing how the devs continue on the story of Bishop Six."
,Not Recommended,264240,9578398,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Dashing Yung Rogue,"Consortium is a very interesting experience, one that is very rare to come by when it comes to Indie Games. I'm going to say this flat out, I cannot recommend this game to everyone, and a part of me still regrets spending the $20 I had on it. That being said, this isn't a bad game, but it also is not a very good one. Consortium suffers from a wide array of issues, but even with all of them, I cannot say I did not enjoy my time spent with it, it just honestly feels incomplete. It is a very different RPG experience you will not get from a lot of other games, but it has so many issues its hard to say whether or not they justify it's good points.Consortium is a FPS and also a Sci-Fi RPG. You play as a person living in the 20th century who uses a device to travel to the future of a parallel universe. You awake onboard a space ship with the task of simply living in this world. The ship is fairly small and leaves little to be explored, but all the characters on this ship are interesting for various reasons. Some people are average workers with a good personality, while some are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and even one is a religious extremist. If you are into games with a heavy focus on dialogue, you might be interested in this title, the problem is that most of the said dialogue includes details of the people onboard, and not on the world you are living in. This can be a huge let down for people, as you spend most of your play time learning about people, with no depth for anything else. However, even with the lacking explanation of the world, the dialogue is pretty damn good, and almost every voice actor plays their character perfectly, it honestly is some of the best voice acting I've seen in a game, which is really impressive for such a low budget title.When you aren't walking around, talking, and making decisions ( which actually do have a large impact on the gameplay, and really encourages multiple playthroughs ) you are fighting... MAYBE. This I feel is one of the strongest aspects of the game, you are given the decision of lethal or non-lethal combat, or skipping combat entirely. You will be placed in a situation where combat is about to happen, but if you make the correct decisions in the dialogue trees, you can talk your way out of it. This is something rarely even seen in a game, and it really is refreshing to see it here. That being said, violence is definitely an option, and if you don't want to talk your way out of something, opening fire on anything that lies in your way is an option, which really is the best part about this game, options. You are constantly deciding things, how to interact with other people, how you are going to deal with enemies, its all dependent on what YOU want to do, which is something that should be present in other RPGs.But even with all of these good things the game offers, it has a lot of problems that are persistent throughout your whole play through. The game, while having an interesting and colorful art style, is ugly and outdated. Its not really a problem for me, and may not be for others, but it really is an absolute fact. The game is buggy, you can get stuck in walls, characters will fade through door ways, dialogue choices may disappear which will cause a reload, it really is a mess. Apparently it is not as bad as before, but it still is a huge issue. The inventory management is annoying, it uses an ""energy"" system. You hold energy to heal and repair armor, and also use the non-lethal weapon. Energy takes up inventory space, which means carrying even 50% energy will really limit your choices of weaponry and items. Everything is just too heavy, and I can see this being an issue in the sequels if more combat takes place. Yes combat doesn't take up that much of the game, but I still feel it is an issue. I think worst of all is how short the game is, I finished it in about 4 hours. Granted, I skipped the like 3 side quests, mainly because I couldn't figure out what to do for some of them. Yes, it has high replayability, and it is a great experience, but the price of $20 honestly leaves a bad taste in my mouth.If you want to play a game that has a huge focus on dialogue and choices, and don't mind how short it is, this game is something you should look at, even people who are looking this style of gameplay may or may not enjoy this experience, so just be cautious. If you are willing to spend $20 on a risk, or it goes on sale, go for it. Otherwise, you're probably better of skipping it."
76561197994879788,Recommended,264240,8952949,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Eggmuffin,"Very interesting game. Not perfect, but impressive, as in it leaves an impression. The concept puts the recently popularized idea of ludonarrative dissonance in a scewed perspective. In this game, you are placed in a world obeying the rules of a game. Is the protagonist always in the right place at the right time? Does he always know what to say? Does he never miss a shot or make a wrong move? He is ""save-scumming"", for lack of a better term. Combing through the countless alternate realities for options that lead to his desired outcome.I would happily recommend this game, were it a complete package. Currently, you only get a third of the complete game. And, as this third is embarrasingly short, I would hope the next two installations are both longer and included in this initial purchase.If not, then I can't make an honest recommendation. It's a good game. It was easily worth the time I put into it. But paying the same price three times for three experiences separated by a significant amount of time is simply not fiscally responsible."
76561198016933592,Not Recommended,264240,9150642,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,comradturkey,"So did I pay $20 for a 3 hour game? I know that it says I have 10 hours on it but that is only because of the numerous glitches that accompanied the game at launch. Now It has excelent gameplay now that it works and it was a good bit of fun but seriously, 3 hours for $20? This game doesn't make me want to replay it over and over. I really hope that I won't have to buy the next 2 chapters seperatley. I will change this review from not reccomend to reccomend if the next 2 chapters are free. I don't feel that the content provided was worth $20. Now having said this I will replay the game as it is fun but not until I can complete it from start to finish. Also why is everyone always waving their hands around like they are using a console? Not a huge deal just a bit distracting."
76561198003089915,Recommended,264240,8720196,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,TargetLost,I like it.The bad things:- It is very short. 1 Game is done in about 4 hours.- It was released with a lot plot stopping bugs.- For the short play time the prices is too high- Although the freedom how you do things is very high the plot itself is still rather a linear one.The good things:- They are serious on fixing the bugs and in the right priority fast and are present in the steam forum. I recomment to wait till the first patch is out which should happen this or the next week.- Unique interactive world and Game concept. Dialogs that give you high degree freedom and great voice acting.- NPC Characters that have a character and behave and speak according to their character.- Game can be replayed and you still discover a lot new things you missed the first time. Especialyl if you do things different every time.- They created a whole world with a lot information you unfortunatly mostly miss in your gameplay but can be read up as metagame (stickys in this forums..the game forum and even in the game files.)One importand thing to know is that this game is only Part1 of a triology. Unfortunatly Part2 and 3 first have to be developed which means you will have to wait 1 to 3 years till you can play those other parts...and they cost extra. :(
,Recommended,264240,20738394,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Zanthar,"The game is kind of in the same vein as TellTale's Walking Dead games.  Unlike other interactive games, this one never took control away from the player.  The game can be completed rather quickly but it is intended to be played more than once.  Each parallel ""Universe"" can provide different results based on your actions."
,Recommended,264240,13870054,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Schlechtwetterfront,"Magnificent game. Great non-linear story-telling in a small but dynamic world.Engaging characters, clever interactions, optional combat (depending on your decisions).Meant to be played multiple times as there's many different threads to follow.The graphics are very basic but they are enough for the purpose they need to fullfill. The quality of the writing and the thought that went into building such a world beats most recent major AA releases by miles.It's also a game where you're truly ""role playing"", you're not just moving some predefined character. You have no voice, no name, no history. And it works perfectly (as opposed to the amnesia every second video game hero seems to have) the way it's setup.The core of this game are the dialogues and characters, so if you're looking for that it's more than 100% worth the price."
,Recommended,264240,13514672,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,mycomputersaidkill,"This game does something no other game has ever done, and does it well - presents a real time story that is highly scripted but nonetheless different every time you play.  It's like a choose your own adventure in some ways, but the story proceeds without you no matter what you do - it's up to you how involved you get, and in what way.  It's also got this great meta-narrative, where making decisions based on knowledge from previous playthroughs is a valid and fully supported path.  The settings is unique, rich, and thought-provoking, and everything that could be odd or jarring about the meta-stuff is handled really well.As far as the gamey stuff goes, the voice acting is good, and the interface is decent, but for the combat you pretty much just get through it.  That's not really a problem, though since there's not much of it.The game ""ends"" abruptly, although this is a game meant to be replayed.  However, it also demands a sequel, due to the unresolved cliffhanger.  Let's hope that happens.Also, the in-game fiction is quite good and very extensive."
76561198065213196,Recommended,264240,13978487,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,killer-platypus,Deus ex meets clue on an airplane.
,Recommended,264240,13799677,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,th0ma5,Immersive and intriguing story with some fps action thrown in too. I'm on my second play through and depending on what you do and say you will discover new information in the story. First play through is a little scary at times too which is good.
,Recommended,264240,8950761,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Kejebra,"Do you like the sci-fitastic atmosphere from games like System Shock, Deus Ex, and Mass Effect? Do you like games with a deep enriching story and narrative combined with very clever roleplaying elements? Choises and decisions that ""actually"" matters? Then this is the game you have been waiting for since the last decade (or the one before that)Consortium lets you travel to an alternate dimension set in the future. There you will inhabit the body of Bishop 6, a newly recruited officer onboard the extremely high-tech warship Zenlil. It's literally Bishop 6s first day on the job, and as you awake in your cabin you quickly realize that something is wrong. So jump into your Battle Utility Suit and discover what dangers and mysteries lie within the world of the future. Discover why you, on this day in particular, are in control of the fate of everyone onboard Zenlil (and perhaps the entire world!)"
,Recommended,264240,20745385,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,NihlusGreen,"A strong narrative and deeply branching story where your choices matter. You step into the role of a global peacekeeper in the near future, aboard a large future craft, inside which this story takes place.An on board murder has you looking for a killer on a ship with a NPC crew who work, socialize, go about their lives, react differently to your conversations and actions, as well as your response to unfolding events. It's some of the deepest conversation mechanics I've experienced, like a really fleshed out Mass Effect game taking place entirely on board one ship.It's probably the closest we will get to a block style RPG.There are some FP Shooter elements, namely hostiles and VR training, but the passive route can be taken with aggressors.A sequel has been funded on fig.co and I believe this entry will be ported over to UE4 in the future."
,Recommended,264240,24123059,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Razor,"Consortium starts slow but through good writing, expressions and voice acting makes Knights, Pawns, Kings and Bishops mean more to you than chess ever could. It is a short game that allows you to make and follow very different dialogue paths with different outcomes and really needs a sequel."
,Recommended,264240,20853796,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Evening Tea,"The Bad:Animations are meh.Some minor bugs.Shooting bits are rather bad, but there's little of it.The Good:Everything else.Meaningful branching dialog and decisions, a story which isn't fully thrust upon you (requiring you to investigate and interpret events for yourself), a surprisingly catchy OST, and varied characters with personality."
,Recommended,264240,20786237,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Acent0r,"This game is an example of how games should be done. It has everything. Engaging characters with realistic characters? Check. Feeling of presence? Yes. Your choices matter? Yes. Cryptic messages with hidden meaning? Yes. Not linear and replayable? Yes, absolutely.The universe of the game is one of the greatest near-future sci-fi settings I know. And you really can feel the world, events outside Zenlil (your ship) happen and you notice them.I totally recommend this game as one of the best games in genre. Can't wait to see ""The Tower"" - next part of the Consortium story."
76561197969749884,Recommended,264240,25392201,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"Not quite what I expected. Consortium felt like a sci-fi noir detective FPS with RPG elements. Very unique and with astoundingly deep lore, if you're into reading a lot. Fun little gem with massive replayability."
76561198019087930,Recommended,264240,33025019,Posted: 29 June,all,Can't Stump the Trump,"this game was great. 100/10. i wish it was longer but there was so much more to this game then i found in my first playthrough, and i look forward to trying to find everything there is to find. cant wait for the sequal."
,Recommended,264240,11071852,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ZanyScum,"First playthrough, 10 hours. I am not sure how many playthroughs I will need, until I know enough of the story.I think I was 5 hours only reading the news and reports.There is always happening something, it is even worse, you always think somewhere else is something happening and you should be there. I think, in most cases, that is even true.You play as a Bishop, a fighter in high tech armor. But the game is not about fighting. It is about talking to different people. It is about finding out what happened, who is hiding what.If you like to read a lot, if you like good characters, if you do not need to shoot all the time to be happy, then this game is a must for you. This is the world of tomorrow and now you have the chance to help change it for the better.You will really like or dislike some guys/girls, you will curse because some dialogs went wrong, you will not understand all that happens. You will have a great time in this game.Get it!(No, it is NOT open world, it is NOT a shooter, it is NOT a point and click adventure and NO, there is NO multiplayer, go away)"
,Recommended,264240,8634609,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Gierr the Viking,"I really enjoyed this game. Seriously, some of the best narrative work I have experienced in a really long time.Each of the characters have their own definate personality, and thankfully don't follow the common cliches.the soundwork is pretty great too - I was really suprised to see someone who worked on KOTOR accredited to the music.I'm genuinely facinated by the world of consortium; I really want to experience it more! Unfortunately the 2nd game won't be along for a while, and the wait is gpoing to be painful - there is so much stuff that is referenced in passing, which I hope is expanded on in the planned next 2 games.There are bugs, yes, but at time of writing, the game had only been out for less than a day for general release - I personally did not experience any crashes, but a word to the wise.Enable dev console, and get used to load autosave01.also  manually save. a lot.overall, CONSORTIUM is well worth your money and time."
,Not Recommended,264240,20474442,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,a wet and floppy noodle,"I really tried to like this game. I really did. It just never clicked.Prosvoice acting on all charactersfairly intuitive controlsdiverse personality rosterconsmission objectives sometimes hard to understandpersonality roster is oddbad timings in conversationsThings can happen at the same time. You can have a long discussion with a character and someone else will talk to you at the same time, making everything confusing.Characters talk to you like they know you and don't know you at the same time. You're a new guy there which...makes sense I guess?Locations are odd. Sometimes you're told to do something, but you have no clear as to what the person is talking about or what the thing you're supposed to look for looks like.Then there's the whole mind transfer thing. You're thrown into another person's body after a creepy cutscene with nearly no explanation as to why. The only thing this does is to impose annoying static. I'm sure there's a point, but I never got to that. The game tries to do a lot of things at the same time.There are a lot of options/storylines going on at the same time, which, if you're a perfectionist and you don't mind going through every detail more than once will make this a gift to you. I don't mind sleuthing, but the level this game takes it to is just a notch over what I find to be pleasant.The traitor quest was damn near impossible too.Needless to say I never made it farther than to the discussion with the Queen. Took a few wrong turns and disconnected.I feel that this could've been a really good game, but something went wrong in the process.PS: the game is 6 Gigs and I have no idea why."
76561197966548393,Not Recommended,264240,19682839,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,PB Doughboyy,"I'll just bullet point summarize this one:- So-so story line.- Combat mechanics are bland and frustrating.  The game would have been better without them at all.- Some random glitches with the AI where one or more characters will stand stuck in place and you can't interact with them.- The dialog choices feel like they won't really change anything by the end of the game (with one exception that lets you skip an incredibly annoying battle).- The game assumes you'll memorize the layout of the plane, so finding things can be frustrating at times.- The reveal of who the big evil bad guy is near the end of the game made me roll my eyes.  Then when they showed a picture of him, I laughed because it looks like a guy in a purple bicycle helmet with yellow sunglasses and a pink ascot.  Fabulous.- Even though there's only 3-4 hours of actual gameplay time in this, even counting reloading saves because of combat, I found myself wanting to skip through the dialog for the last 30 minutes of the game because I was ready for it to end."
,Not Recommended,264240,20572974,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Drexelhand,"This is like the first 15 minutes of a movie. If you like real time unskippable cut scenes, you'll love this. There's a lot of gushing over this being dynamic or choices with consquences, but that's significantly overstated.The game developers packed a crap ton of text into the onboard computers, so... if you want you can read over twenty five six page articles about something about the setting this is suppose to take place in. The story takes place on a fairly claustrophobic cartoon ship and the combat mechanic is weak. The story is kinda meta and references you playing a game, but as like a serious acknowledgement woven into the story rather than tonge in cheek. There's a lame murder mystery thing, confused only by the fact all the characters have identical titles with a number and look pretty much the same too. The definitive ""clue"" makes no sense in the context of a saboteur committing murder. Contrived mystery is really central to what little there is here, so it shouldn't be a spoiler to say that aspect falls flat. Rest of the game is go from one cut scene to another cut scene. Sometimes you can walk away in the middle of a conversation, sometimes the door inexplicably locks behind you.After sitting through an eye rolling mission briefing about Osama Bin Laden's son taking a building hostage, you paratrooper from the plane and the game ends before it starts.It probably would be an alright tutorial or intro to a game, but this probably shouldn't have been released as if it was a real game. I can't in good conscious recommend this to a general audience. Go play the Stanley Parable if you want an unconventional narrative and an exploration into player choice."
,Not Recommended,264240,19859627,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,quad341,"It took me a bit to determine if I would recommend this game and the answer has to be no. In the end, the actual ""game"" is extremely lacking and the best bits really leave you wanting more. It might have a great sequel, but as it is, I can't recommend it.The bad stuff. So there isn't really a game here. There are the concepts of a FPS intermixed and there are even a couple VR training sessions that show off a functional shooter. It's not great, but it's functional. Oh and there's a bug where apparently the AI cannot figure out where you are if you go up two ramps from the starting level.In the game itself, there are at most two parts that can involve combat. If you play ""correctly,"" there will be no combat though. If you don't, it's again not very good combat.So the experience rests firmly on the story and the interactions. The actual writing of all of the lines is pretty good overall with respectable voice acting. There just isn't any real motivating force past either advancing the game or I don't have anything better to do to actually play along. There is a ton of information you clearly are left out of, but the game never really lets you into that. Maybe with some more context or something, I would care, but as presented, I just don't.So that sounds like all of the game. Why would this be hard for me to say yes or no to the recommend to it? It sounds boring to bad overall.There are glimmers of something great in here. The meta story could be actually pretty interesting. I would love for there to be more to it. At the end, it even seemed to be coming through a bit.There actually seem to be characters in this game. People have glimmers of personalities and conflicts. That all seems great. No one happens to develop anywhere near enough for me to care about them, but I can see things there.The entire game takes place on one (large) plane. I love that in such a condensed space, you can have quite a few interactions and it felt decently real (as in a reasonable series of events). Hell, even the plane felt appropriate where there were places for people to sleep and relax and eat and such while remaining very tight and small. Unfortunately those interactions all end up being boring.So I really want to see what comes of the sequel which I believe starts kickstarting soon. This isn't the game I wanted to play, but it is a world I'm interesting in revisiting."
,Recommended,264240,24883834,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Randy Ronald,"Great short experience, full of interesting and enjoyable characters and choices genuinely seem to impact the events that play out. Shooting is meh but that's really besides the point, can't wait to hear more from part 2."
,Not Recommended,264240,29819023,Posted: 10 February,all,Heiliger,"Though the game is mercifully short if you choose to not read the dozens of in-game messages, I can't recommend the game for a couple reasons:- On second playthrough, trying to get more achievements and unravel more of the mystery, I encountered a game ending bug. I couldn't enter the Knight's office when she demanded a meeting. Restoring from older saves was both ineffective and a tremendous waste of time since you can't skip dialogue. Achievements aren't worth starting all over again HOPING that things might work on the third try.- Inventory system is flat out bonkers.- The game ends right when things finally get interesting. All the wandering around the ship pays off with a thud. Roll credits."
76561197972417509,Recommended,264240,8640752,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,=[DC]= Asmogasm,[BRB FOR NOW]
,Recommended,264240,8642970,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Übermensch,"CONSORTIUM is absolutely fantastic.It's very like one of those well loved but sort of clunky RPGs, like Deus Ex, Vampire: The Masquerade Bloodlines or EYE: Divine Cybermancy. If you can look beyond the flaws, which I personally haven't really suffered, it's a fantastic game. I've only played around 3 hours (so Steam tells me) but I could swear it's been more. It's absolutely astounding, the visuals are interesting, and the world is so rich! There's a computer bank with literally thousands of ebooks in detailing the world. There's so much there I really can't even begin to absorb it. It's got a real diversity in playstyle, too. For example, the big bad of the first act, I looked him up, worked out a bit about his personality, and when speaking to him, played his ego and curiosity. This meant I could defeat him and his army, then his fleet without firing a single bullet or hurting anyone.Alternatively, I attempted a more violent approach, but I personally never found that to be the best way. The richness with the way you interact and chat with the characters makes you genuinely develop emotion towards them, not forced emotion, such as in The Walking Dead. They each have their own metric ton of things to say, and your behaviour changes their thoughts towards you, and the same will go for you.The setting is very rich, like a Gerry Anderson serial, or something. I was strongly reminded of Spectrum, with the whole codename system and flying base. The only sort of problem with this is that nearly every character is designated as Pawn and then a number. This means I got very confused when investigating an incident that comes out through the game. I actually ended up screwing my alignment utterly with two characters and failing to find the bad guy. This did sort of annoy me, but the game does tell you that regular saves are a good idea, and I decided to not do that to add a more permanent level to my choices.I can imagine that there's so many ways to approach this game, so I can't comment on the scope of it. It can also be very tense in some parts, like when you're being interrogated about your name and stuff.All in all, this is one of those games you will love if you can focus past things like attempting the usual tutorial and introduction dialouges with NPCs being met with ""Are you feeling okay? You've forgotten everything"" and other things. The developers have also promised to fix the bugs that have damaged some people's experience, too."
76561198001155434,Recommended,264240,10070137,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Chad Neoliberal,"Now that it actually works, Consortium is a really interesting bit of narrative. It isn't very long, but it absolutely warrents multiple playthroughs."
,Recommended,264240,8656692,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Retroactive Continuity,"Absolutely murders the Fourth wall in a way that turns it from a wall to a door.Don't compare it to Assassin's Creed, because the two concepts are 100% Different, you are putting on someone elses shoes in the not too distant future, right out from under their bed.You are not a character looking at your ancestors memories passed along by your blood line in the familiar form of a game.YOU are playing a game, with someone's life, and affecting everyone elses in that world.This is nothing like what Assassin's Creed did, YOU were not involved in Assassin's Creed story. You are involved, in Consortium."
,Recommended,264240,8642825,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,<CG> Glib,"Ho Lee Crap.  I was not expecting an experience this immersive.  Sounded neat, is great.  Very immersive story experience, really interesting take on the main protagonist.  A bit of action peppered in.  I'd say pick this game up if any of that sounded interesting. (Also, while i have not experienced Star Trek at all, I'm pretty positive this is heavily inspired by it.)"
76561197981578067,Recommended,264240,8653397,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,RemingTRON,"Consortium is one of the best indie games I have ever played.  I am a big fan of action-RPGs with real consequences, and this game is truly captures the idea that choices affect the game (better than almost any other title I have played).  The characters are amazing, and the story is fascinating and unique.  I really enjoyed this game, and I highly recommend it.  Thanks Interdimensional Games for making such an awesome little gem!  Can't wait to play the sequels!"
,Recommended,264240,9984168,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Jento113,"Only played a couple hours so far, but the concept is fascinating and the setting is interesting and unique. The characters are beginning to feel alive, and not just standard NPCs. The combat's a bit frantic, but straightforward. This is the kind of story-based FPS I would like to see more of. I hope this will spawn a franchise."
,Recommended,264240,33713172,Posted: 21 July,all,Malificarr,Not a long game but excellent writing and characters more than make up for it.
76561197965046644,Recommended,264240,35100703,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"The first few minutes of the game gives me the Creeps but the rest of the game is rather fun and buggy. This game has many choices for you to take, you can follow the story or pick a different path....you could try being aggressive or being passive and everything you do can effect the final outcome.Overall a few and interesting concept with that huge idea around choices...also if your late for an event or don't discover it in time then you can't ever see that scene or event again unless you replay the whole game again.The only issue I did have was a few annoying bugs such as events not triggering forcing NPCS to stand there mindlessly, NPCs phasing through objects and events not progressing properly for example I arrested one villian only to have him both appear in prison and standing on the top deck with his men protecting him...yeah strange."
76561198041565318,Not Recommended,264240,22358280,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Alphamule,"Aweful, aweful game. First playthrough expect to spend *alot* of time in the dark, literally and metaphorically. Some objectives are very vague, some are so easy to fail simply because you didn't notice something, some seem to be impossible to pass.Examples, I was told to ""defend the crew"", shot or incapacitated maybe 8 attackers, 2 of them standing infront of a wall yelling but not moving, searched the entire plane and couldn't find anyone else, objective is still the same 15 mins later. Ummm... huh? Reload game from the last auto save, this time 12 attackers where I found the first 8 and I move on. Okay so major bugs in that mission that they didn't fix.Another mission I am supposed to rescue the pilot when he is at risk of being electrocuted. Objective says to go through the access point in the cockpit. I do that and people are yelling ""help him! quick! get out of there!"" I look around, it's a small room with an access door that I came through and a door to the infirmary where some of the people are yelling, but the door is locked. I think ""okay, they already got him to the infirmary and I am supposed to go there. I go back through the cockpit and people really freak out. ""Go back in there and help him!"" Except now the access point is locked. Oooookay? what was that about? Second playthrough I find out he is in the corner of that small room. That would have been nice to know before you wasted my time.Another easy to fail mission because they didn't make things clear, those 8 attackers that I said I found in that mission? That was technically my second time playing that mission. the first time I was told to follow a crew member to a weapons lockup. she walks 20 feet and a door opens, she turns and looks at me, I walk through the door, it closes and locks behind me. Huh? she didn't follow? where are my weapons? The objectives just read ""protect the crew"" and tell me to go to the hanger bay. I go there, unarmed, and think alright I'm supposed to knock out an attacker and take his gun. nope, punching them does nothing. I spend another 5 mins searching for that mysterious weapons catch I was promised, no where to be found. Reload, Oh! she was walking up to (and blocking) a small panel built into the wall with some weapons, and I'm not supposed to go through the door, just wait until she opens it. lame.Finally a mission that I'm apparently not supposed to succeed? I'm supposed to convince the pilot that there is a virus in the system. Ok, easy! Except when I get the mission I am standing next to the cockpit door and it is locked. A woman walks in and locks it behind her again. You can see through a ""window"" to one side and they are making out, they tell you to go away and there is nothing else to do. The woman doesn't come out until you leave the area, and when you return the pilot is already down below where he gets electrocuted, so you are notified that you failed the mission. Oookay? So why is that even a mission?Oh yeah, so as for being in the dark literally, for some reason you spend at least 30% of the game in near or total darkness because the lights are malfunctioning. As you can imagine, that makes it a bit difficult to navigate the ship, especially with out a map, since sometimes you have no idea if you are even moving or just stuck at a poorly made doorway that you have to walk at just right to walk through.Now a word on game length. I've played through twice. 7 hours on record. The first playthrough took over 5 irritating hours of being left in the dark wondering ""what am I supposed  to be doing?"" Which means the second playthrough, now that I know what I'm doing, only took 2 hours even though I tried different options and unlocked some things that either weren't available or simply bugged during the first playthrough.Finally, the game has a few bugs. Some of them irrelevant, like the pilot saying that he is going to check some systems, you go into the cockpit and he is sitting in the air acting like he is pushing buttons 5 feet from his chair. Some of the glitches halt your progress, like the 2 enemies staring at and pointing their guns at the wall while yelling at you then nobody else shows up and you can't move on.Overall, a terrible game. I'll try it once or twice more to make sure I'm not missing something major that caused others to give this game a high rating, but it looks like it's a waste of time."
76561197964626206,Recommended,264240,8645363,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Transientmind,"I budgeted a whole two hours for games when I picked this up and I spent like... four on it before I knew what had happened.It's a little rough around the 'indie' edges, but the conversation tree/affection-rating systems clashing with your goals of playing detective, diplomat, and warrior? All good fun. All while trying to figure out what's going on with the metagame without letting slip that you're actually a remote-control operator from the past in 2013.The 4th-wall-breaking conceit behind the game is that the entire game is apparently a VR simulator delivered to you at your PC via uplink to a satellite which is making use of tachyon bursts or some♥♥♥♥♥♥to transmit temporally-adjusted data with an advanced, benevolent AI in the future, allowing you to remote-control an specific, nominated avatar at a fixed point in the future, generating a number of 'branched' alternate realities - based on your decisions - which the AI can track via other satellites in other parallel universes, spreading itself as a single entity functioning on nodes across all of them.The rest of the story is best kept a mystery because it's kind of fun getting clues from the crew about the world lore and politics etc, without asking the standard, ""Duh, so what is the deal with [Major Faction even a child should know about]?"" RPG questions. Those options are still there but the crew will think you're a bit dozy or incompetent because of it, and start to regard you suspiciously or with hostility.There's an in-game encyclopedia, but it seems like it only decelerates time to a certain degree to allow you to catch up, meaning that significant events and conversation opportunities can pass by or run their course without you. A veteran can probably see where most of the threads are underlying all this, and manipulate things appropriately, but if you let the smoke and mirrors do their job, I'd say this one's a fun one to get into.The mechanics of combat and the rest are not the smoothest, occasionally fiddly and unintuitive, but you can avoid most twitch-dependency if you're so inclined, through game-choices. It's definitely more substance than style, with some kind of dated graphics.  Either way, none of this got in the way for me, so I can pretty confidently give this an overall thumbs up."
76561198002296192,Not Recommended,264240,33026967,Posted: 30 June,all,Oria,Very descent role-play and captivating story. Brutally short. Felt like a Demo more then a game.
76561198052577107,Not Recommended,264240,20498629,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Softis,"After the first 2 or 3 minutes, I immediatly was set in an immersive world full of characters on a large plane. I enjoyed exploring the crew and was eager to do things. The combat in this game is mediocre but functional, regardless though it hardly matters since it is such a small portion of the game.SPOILERS AHEAD, but they are required to understand why I am thumbing this down.I did not mind at all the idea of being an interdimensional traveller who is apparently prophesized to kill a boatload of people. However, the last 15 minutes or so was spent in some kind of... I haven't the slightest clue. Just as I was about to close the game and go to bed, I met John and worked out his predicament. Imagine my dissapointment when it rolls credits. I am not kidding. In fact, the game tells me to specifically break the 4th wall in the sequel, assuming it comes out.So let's review. A completly immersion breaking ending, asking me to break the 4th wall, ~3 hours of total gameplay, and we have Consortium."
,Recommended,264240,33384505,Posted: 8 July,all,Paradise Destructor,"An absolutely brilliant masterpiece in puncto Storytelling, that expands its immersive universe into the real world, smashing down the 4th wall with ease and style like you never saw before. Give it a chance and try to get behind it. It'll be worth it!"
,Not Recommended,264240,21260761,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ValCorvo,"Feels more like a poorly written sci-fi novel than a well-executed gaming experience.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I sigh looking at that previously written single-line review I had left for this game, because this game is pretty good as far as allowing you to craft your own line in this narrative. It just feels pretty poorly put together. I absolutely LOVE games with a good story, but this one just didn't enthrall me as others have. I very often will play a game, not enjoy the ending, sit thinking about it for hours or days, and realize the game I'd just played was deeper than I thought at first. This game just does not fall in that category though."
76561198014704153,Not Recommended,264240,20889784,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,WolfauraRose,"A sci fi RPG. Thought the game sounded interesting, but it's not, this game is boring as it's just wandering around a ship talking to everyone and hardly knowing what you're doing. A game with a tiny bit of  action and a lot of endless talking. It would be wrong to class it as a fps as there is hardly any shooting.The graphics are basic looking and sometimes a bit buggy and weird as NPC eyes seem to look in weird direction or clip and there doesn't seem to be much gameplay unless you are prepared to continually reload saves to see the different paths you can take. And relaoding is very slow.The game is also buggy, I went back in the cabin and am now stuck in there, can't get out. The door was open but acted like an invisible barrier, no matter how many times I opened and closed the door. Had to reload a previous save.Also characters speech timing is terrible making it hard hard to hear what anyone is saying as you'll be talking to one character and then some other character will come speak at the same time and over each other, I had the knight, Wade and rook 25 all speaking at the same time, making it a garbled mess.The game is confusing at times. I don't know where Iam going or where something is. And not sure what to do sometimes with mission objectives.I ended up confronted with a traitor and not being able to harm the person in anyway and just die.The game is also very short, only taking 3 to 4 hours.(thank god)The game is medicore and boring as well as buggy.I'd consider getting a refund if I wasn't collecting games.4/10 can't reccomend."
,Recommended,264240,20501504,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,A Barking Dog,"Easily one of the best indie games to come out in the last few years, after the first episode was fixed up anyways. Eagerly looking forward to the next episode!"
76561198006854463,Recommended,264240,20945290,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Underhook,"This game is well made, action packed and has great voice acting.  The game is very short..... under 5 hours for me, which makes the $10 asking price a little steep.  However, there is no boring down time.The game can be played more than once with different outcomes, so I may give it another go.  But if it gets too repitive I'll quit.  I have no desire to repeat past conversations, no matter if they were good or not.Worth a look if its on special"
,Recommended,264240,20506171,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Cesar The Salad,"Has an interesting story that you can influence, great voice acting too. Some nice FPS shooting action too, surprisingly. Looking forward to the sequel."
76561198069436794,Recommended,264240,20775572,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,raymogoblin,Osama's son takes over the 2nd tallest building in the world at the end 11/9
,Recommended,264240,21194408,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Diva KoA's,Fantastic game. I wasn't a fan of the art style at first but it grew on me. It's a short murder mystery in the sky. Normally people complain about games being short but seeing as how this game has multiple endings and branching dialouge it makes multiple playthroughs easy and fun.People have complained about the loading times and technical issues. I have an AMD GPU and the game ran fine.
,Recommended,264240,20731401,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Zednuk,Really good game!
76561198151059690,Recommended,264240,20778295,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Love me,"a great game, amazing story"
,Recommended,264240,14363888,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Mudo146,"Consortium is able to be a game world that is realized on a scale that is able to immerse the player wholly. Now, getting off the Webster-Merriam high horse, Consortium is able to deliver a world that feels real and right.This is a believable world with as much character as any world should have if it is to be as much a character as any other. It does not wait for you to give it the green light to move forward. The universe will continue on whether you're ready or not.The cast of this game, as well, truly feels alive and they interact realistically. When you're not watching, they still have full agendas, talking with people and moving around, doing their jobs. When you talk to them, they are able to feel fleshed out and they react realistically as if you have existed in this world.In a nutshell, this game is a must-play for those who love story and conversation as well as being able to immerse themselves for a few hours in a soon to be continued game world."
76561197998394110,Recommended,264240,20612451,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,MoronMan,"This game is one of the most inovative and fun games I have played in a while.  YOU get to choose how you will react to events, including doing nothing.  If your task is to eliminate a target, you can choose if you will kill the target, stun them into submission, or ignore them.  I highly recommend this game if you are looking for something other than the usual ""kill everything"" FPS, and I'm looking forward to the sequel."
,Recommended,264240,20977346,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Dave247,"A turely immersive wortld backed by a ARG for those who wish to delv deeper into the story (though it isn't required). While the game will will forever have issues due to running on the Source engine that dosen't take away from the amazing creative direction the game offers. The remaining two games in the series will be made with Unreal 4 which should help to aliveate a lot of the issues.For a game that in my opinion should be more popular for what it is, if you love to immersve yourself in a world and play by killing, never firing a shot or never saying a single world this mixes it all. The sequals can only get better."
76561197971712155,Recommended,264240,24468802,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Super86,"This game is NOT designed to be played only once. There are many things that you can only unlock or discover if you play several times, knowing what will happen and when. The game is designed like that.Play it at least twice, changing your behavior, visiting different parts of the ship at different times, doing differently every time. You'll then find that this game is NOT short, but it's engaging nonetheless (you won't get bored after the first pass, far from it).The biggest ""miss"" IMO are the huge information documents that describe the lore, the setting, and several key points of the plot. Overly descriptive, boring, and excessively ""not-to-the-point""."
76561198006111638,Recommended,264240,12763049,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,wolfspider,It's a visual Novel with a shooty bit in the middle.
,Recommended,264240,15797825,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,vegardplanet,"this is a fun and interesting game, i have wayted a long time for sutch a game.here is my review of it :)-------------------------------------------------------★★★★★★★★☆☆PROS- the artstile is nice and calm and fits the game nicely. but some of the textures should be updated as thay are a little low res- the story is interesting and engaging and you realy feel like you are ther on the ship/plane- GUI is easly understood and easy to use- the voicing is good- no bugs or glitches found other then wade siting in the air insted of his seat :PCONS- the game is too short for the cost of it.one timeline takes abaot 2 -3 hours to complit and thay all end in the same conclusion. you can ofcorse go to the start and take another rout but it all comes to the same, and doing the same thing over and over agen is just boring. this is aperently gone be a trilogy. and since the first game here is soo short i see no reson other then money to have 3 games that are posebly the same lenght------------------------------------------------------------------------i give this game a 8/10 because it is an awesome game and the game experience is a nice one, but the game is just to short for the pricethis is just my opinien.(IF U DISLIKE OR PRESS NOT HELFUL ON THIS REVIEW, PLEASE COMENT ON WHY THIS IS WITH A RESENEBOL ANSWER IF U DO NOT DO THIS I WILL ASUME THAT YOU ARE A FAN BOY/GIRL OR HATER)"
,Recommended,264240,15488324,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,DarkFall - S5,"If you like the original Deus Ex and enjoy watching star trek, then I would give this a try. It clearly is a lower budget game, but more than makes up for it in character conversations and story. It feels like an episode from a TV show and a good one at that."
,Recommended,264240,10013347,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Hey You!,A wonky story driven game where you spend all your time on a plane talking to people and occasionally shooting them. The combat is sort of crap but if you want a game with a weird plot that gets weirder the deeper you look into it then give Consortium a try.
,Recommended,264240,8639272,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Xextreem,A very good storyline RPG game.Thumbs up coint- Easy to fit your self in this game- Very good storyline- What ever you answer or question or even interact have some effect on the outcome.- Not easy to beatThumbs Down- Graphics- Bugs- Combat mechanicSo this is how ic the game. Its for my taste a very good game. If you like a story line RPG thats only base on Story and not 7/24 adraline rush none stop action flik then this is more your cup of tea. I like to add this is how star trek games need to be.
76561197971564718,Recommended,264240,9146192,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,ramongeon,"This is a game that can easily be beaten in 5 hours or less. It would be more accurate to call this the first episode out of three than the first game out of three. The reason I say this is that there is one set of issues to be resolved in this first game in an overall arc.While to me it is a design choice, I feel that where they cut off this game from the next is probably in the wrong spot. Its like TV series that put cliffhangers in seasons when you have no idea if they will get approved for a second season. Instead they should have had it concluded with this arc all wrapped up and mostly just hinting at what comes in the next games.The graphics and voice acting for this game are very hit or miss. If you know the original Deus Ex, you have the idea.Complaints aside, this was actually a pretty fun game. It allows for multiple resolutions to situations and creating circumstances that are affected by past choices. The dialogue is at times funny and the gameply entertaining.Overall, I would say at $20 it may be a bit steep, but still worth the price. If it is on sale then it is a definite buy in my opinion if you like games with little combat and mostly npc interaction."
,Recommended,264240,8689101,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Awful Citizen,"Update: This review is old, from when the game came out.  The developer has asked me to play their game again since all the initial bugs are gone.Posted on January 12, 2014:Yes it has bugs, but the story is so good, it didnt really bother me.  I played the game from beginning to end and I was hooked on the storytelling.  The game is like a mixture of Telltale games Storytelling and enjoyable FPS'ing.  In this first portion of the game it was very story driven.  There were some fights, and the game has some glitches that are annoying and it has some bugs that♥♥♥♥♥♥you off... But if the developers fix all of this, you are going to have a very enjoyable and different game experience."
76561198026709667,Recommended,264240,11981763,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Lord Iguana,"This game blows me away with its story telling. Never before have I seen a game so changable through player action. I truly felt like I was making my own universe as I played through the game.Gun fights have good mechanics, but the actual shooting game play is a bit lack luster, but this doesnt take away from the experiance the game is trying to deliver.Over all I give this game a 8/10, bleeding 1 point for the shooting sections, and 1 point as the game is a bit short. But what is here is very much worth the price on admition."
76561198024504977,Recommended,264240,11293308,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,matthiaswuethrich,"This is an amazing Game! The sotry and the detail is overwhelmingly awesome... I personally have been looking for a game like this for years. You really have the freedom ingame that your rarely have... and it is not just interesting but also really cool. Every fan of Star Trek, Agents of Shield and other Tech-based Show will probably love this"
,Recommended,264240,12280155,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,foobarto,This game turned out to be a very good surprise. You could call it a spiritual successor of Nomad Soul / Omicron. However this game has only portion of the story - I am waiting for CONSORTIUM 2 and more episodes.
,Recommended,264240,8800113,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Mosquito Señorito,TALKED THE TERRORIST LEADER INTO WALKING AWAY AND KNOCKED HIM OUT WITH BARE FISTS AND TAKEN AS A PRISONER. ALSO GOT ACHIEVMENT FOR INCAPACITATION OF ALL HIS MEN10/10 GOTY
,Recommended,264240,9484564,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,rstat1,"This game is honestly one of the best I've played in a while. Sure there were A LOT of bugs (some of which were game breaking) but they were eventually fixed.Storywise it starts out making little sense, but as you get into it and begin learning about the characters and kind of the story of the world it starts to make sense and gets more and more interesting. Some events within the game leave you wondering what's going on as much as the characters in the game do...and I don't find that to be a bad thing. This game is one of those that makes a lack of info about the goings on a major part of game and does so to great effect.It's one of those few where certain characters within are aware they are in a game, and crack jokes about it as result. I love it when games make fun of the fact that they are games. Don't ask me why I don't know.:PAnyway, Do I recommend this game? Hell yea I do. :)Also I've played this game via other means for much longer than the 12 minutes Steam says I have."
76561197999995189,Recommended,264240,11994153,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,SFMediaGamer,"I wish I had heard of this game PRIOR to last night! I bought the game today and it was a bit of a shock. This game LOOKS OLD but plays NEW. I have never been more immersed in my choices in an RPG such as this. Where every little thing you do can change the ENTIRE outcome. From simple dialogue choices to holstering a weapon, everything can change! I look forward to Consortium 2 when it comes out! The best of luck!Anyone who is into FPS and RPG's should definitely pick this up. The game is nearly bug free. I ran into a single one but it was minor. The acting is rather solid and there is a wide variety of different accents to listen to, something I've not heard in a game before. I give this game a 9.5/10. The missing .5? That's for not releasing Consortium 2 yet! Otherwise, 10/10 in my book!"
76561198026661504,Recommended,264240,20508312,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Iakus,I've rarely played a game with as much reactivity to player choice as this.
76561197985109343,Recommended,264240,20508143,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Saodhar,"I had my doubts about this game - there is quite a lot of negative reviews regarding game's performance, mechanics, stability. But during the last winter sale I've decided to give it a try. And the only thing I regret is not playing it earlier.It may not be a game for everyone. There are games that are longer, prettier, even deeper. But what ""Consortium"" IS - it's a great role-playing game. Not in the sense of tweaking your character's characteristics, but rather of living another life, while remaining yourself (literally - you are playing as yourself, only after being implanted into a different body). You choose your own actions and behavior, line of actions - and face the consequences.  Act kindly, aggressively, funny, try to flirt or impose discipline - and see the crew of Zenlil-2 react. You can even choose to reveal your true identity. Or act neturally, learning of how this new world works and adapting to its rules.Second part of the game is coming to KS soon - and I myself am waiting for a possibility to live in that world a bit more."
,Recommended,264240,11520163,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Nyanpan,"A very fun game to play, it tests what sort of person you are in subtle ways like what weapon you use will affect large portions of story. If you love stories that are changed by lots of choices then this is the game for you. My only complaint is the combat seems to cause my fps to drop by a large amount although the rest of the game runs perfectly, I probably just have one of the settings wrong or something. The atmosphere in the game is very immersive. It can also be quite creepy, for example, getting stuck in the crawl and the lights go out. All in all a very good game that I am going to go and play now so bye!"
76561198077964942,Recommended,264240,9445173,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Kaptain.Presidente,"Consortium is the big boy alternative to the walking simulator.The first thing that is apparent once you start this game is the degree of bone-crushing depth to the world the developers have created. There are dozens of pages of lore contextualizing every character in the plot, every event in the meta-narrative, and the vision of the future created for this game. This is exactly what people of a certain old school demographic in gaming claim to want in an RPG, but it is instead built upon a mediocre Half Life-esque shooter's skeleton.I say that, but there is more than one path to progress through the game in which the player doesn't need to engage in combat at all. In fact, Consortium places gunplay in the back seat, leaving the plot to be the driving force. The more active gameplay is, however, still in the car, unlike other ""games"" lauded for their plot but devoid of anything but the simplest interactivity. There is challenge to the combat, sometimes born of the situations, sometimes born of the tight spaces of the ship or the sheer number of enemies players are expected to deal with in one fight. There are also minigames, most notably a Missle Command-esque game that, while not difficult, is engaging enough. The point is, Consortium, while focused on story, does not shun gameplay, or even the fact that it is a game. There are even dialogue options for players who wish there to be no 4th Wall at all.And the subject of dialogue options brings me to the final point in this game's favour: The degree to which the player shapes the story. Consortium is near the level of Obsidian's Alpha Protocol in terms of the permutations each event can have, and each conversation, no matter how trivial, has at least two different potential statements a player can make. This helps immensely in helping the player engage with the rest of the cast, who are all distinct in personality, and for the most part well acted, even if some performances are clearly better than others.As I said, Consortium is a big boy alternative to the walking simulator; games that use a focus on story as an excuse to be little more than a film with a few QTEs or childishly easy puzzles. It has RPG-level depth at FPS prices and is not ashamed to go into the absolute minutia about the world it seeks to build for future sequels. If those sequels stay true to this game while improving the more combat-oriented approaches, they would deserve consideration alongside the greats in the Science Fiction genre of video games."
,Recommended,264240,14897765,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Daedhart,"If you are as confused by the explanation of this game as I was, pull up a chair.First things first, though: the review. Did you like Mass Effect or (insert equivalent Bioware game) and, like me, took every possible opportunity to find as much of the dialog as possible? Are you a person who would let a really interesting plot, story and characterization apologize for lacking gameplay? Can you play a game like To the Moon and end thinking ""Wow, can’t wait to play it again"" rather than ""This 'game' cheated me out of the 'game'""? If you answered yes to one or more of these, buy this ""game.""Kinda spoiler, but not really since they tell you this all before even starting the game. Since nobody says these things, I was incredibly confused about what the game really was before purchasing and almost didn’t. Read on so that doesn’t happen to you...The game is a strangely absorbing, 4th-wall-breaking interactive story where you, the player, body snatch (v) a dude in one of an infinite number of alternate dimensions (meaning you can reload or start over from scratch as much as you want, but the setting/characters/whatnot all stay the same) and play through a series-of-unfortunate-events scenario through his eyes, yet maintain your memories and are fully capable of telling everybody you’re just a body pilot playing a video game. Think Outer Limits or Twilight Zone and you won’t be too far from the truth. There is an organization on the far end of this dimensional rift called Consortium that thinks it’s cute to name all its members after chess pieces and then expect the ""pawns"" to be emotionally stable members of the team. Honestly, I think the concept is clever, but it makes it very difficult to remember who everybody is; kind of a big issue with characterization this strong.Anywho, the problem most people had with this game is that it’s not complete. The game abruptly ends damn near without warning in what I would consider to be the climax and then tells you ""To be continued..."" They do kinda mention this in the description, but don’t make it as obvious as other similar games like the Walking Dead, Broken Age or Life is Strange. They say it’s a ""trilogy,"" which implies three complete games. No, this game is not complete. Again: nothing wrong with an episodic method of release, but that ending really did deflate my balloon in a very anticlimatic way...I still recommend this, though, even though it’s incomplete because it’s still an enjoyable experience and I am very much looking forward to the sequel/continuation announced just this January."
,Recommended,264240,17984734,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,[101st] NeonShade,"I have never written a review for any game in my life. The last game I enjoyed this much was Deus Ex back in 2001, and this is even way better. The developers have gone outside the box. I have never been so mesmerized by a game in my life, this goes way beyond what I could expect. I have only played it a few hours but I am so glad that for once I finally have a decent game to play this weekend. It's been so long, and under a chaotic mass of useless garbage they call video games.. This one shines out in it's awesomeness, and I feel lucky to have found it."
,Recommended,264240,20546029,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Azraekan,This game is FREE?! REALLY?! This is one of the best interactive games I have ever played in a LONG TIME! I can't wait for the Tower Prophesy to come out!
76561197993637075,Recommended,264240,8734351,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Helix Falks,"One of the best titles I have played for some time, reminiscent of games such as Sentient where your actions drive the outcome.On the downside the game came to an end just as I was starting to get into the swing but that is understandable considering it is from an indie Developer.CONSORTIUM 2?Shut up and take my money"
76561197990248659,Recommended,264240,32085684,Posted: 31 May,all,theory5,"It's a short but sweet game. I can't wait for the next one, well worth the $10, and the story was awesome!"
76561197988387615,Not Recommended,264240,26060581,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Venusgate,Choices matter! Unless... like... the game bugs out and makes choices for you? Having overlapping conversations? Choosing both choices at the same time?I feel enriched.
,Not Recommended,264240,32940926,Posted: 28 June,all,kenup ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Too ♥♥♥♥ing meta. It has a lot of nice story and plot concepts. What you say (or not) to others matters and has some consequences, tho it's limited to 3 options + silence most of the time. But the meta kinda ruins it after a while (you can break it pretty fast and it gets more ridiculous as it goes on). If you're gonna directly break the 4th wall, do it in a comedy. I can't take this seriously."
,Recommended,264240,15328459,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,fatputtycat,"SHORT REVIEW:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~A absolutley wonderful game! I was lucky enough to start playing once the final patch was released, so I experience little to no bugs. CONSORTIUM is based in the year 2042 or something like that. You take control of Bishop 6, which at first, you know nothing about. If you make certain choices, you may never know about his past. I love this game, you can choose from so many paths that will ultimatly lead to one ending and one ending only. Although the ending dissapointed me, because I really don't like waiting for sequels and the way they ended CONSORTIUM leaves the player thinking about his choices that he had made, what he should go back change, and it also leaves the player craving more. Well, atleast it left me craving more. The developers said that the first public release about the next CONSORTIUM is going to be released very soon. You may not be able to tell, but I am VERY excited.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Rating: 9/10 One of the most replayable, and enjoyable games since ever!"
,Recommended,264240,10065842,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Mr. Matt,"If I had to describe this game in a phrase, I'd say ""kinda like Star Trek on a high-tech jet with Mass Effect dialog options minus persuasion stats."" I could blab about what everyone else has already said, but I'll just say ""ditto"" to what the positive reviews are in agreement about. It's a fun experience.If you are wanting a first person shooter, I can promise you this game will not deliver on that front. You play in first person and there are a couple of parts where you may shoot, but they're pretty weak and not very good. I kinda feel like the game doesn't actually need any first person (or third) shooting at all, but I suppose that might be for the sake of empowerment and a bit of realism. Long story short, the shooting sucks, but that's almost non-existent in the game.I feel like I'm making the game sound bad, but I really liked it and will buy the sequel at launch, if/whenever that might be. The story is great and there seem to be a lot of different options and ways some events can play out. Good stuff!Take note that almost every negative review is about game-stopping bugs that supposedly no longer exist. I didn't encounter any myself now that version 1.2 is out. So do take that into consideration. =)"
,Not Recommended,264240,22446102,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,rgk,"Consortium is a FPS/RPG, a bit akin to Deus Ex as the setting is futuristic, there is an inventory system with a character sheet, multiple lines of dialog to choose from, and a sub-par shooting experience.In Consortium, the player ""controls"" a soldier in an intervention outfit. There is a very interesting hierarchy in that group, as if each person was a chess piece. The game takes place in the aircraft of that outfit undergoing an assault from an enemy militia. Discussing with anyone lets the player choose how they respond (play dumb, flirt, and so on) and stand in a positive or negative way relative to each character. The dialogs are to me the meat of the game, quite interesting with well fleshed out characters.Sadly, the First Person Shooting is so bad that I could not go much further in the game. Enemies have too much health and the combat is stiff and uninteresting. There are lots of opponents that can easily pin down the player (the combat takes place in an enclosed space), and it feels frustrating that such a bad shooting experience is also so difficult to overcome.Overall I think the game is an interesting and well written piece, but the FPS part is so badly executed that it prevents from appreciating the rest of the experience.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=666455279"
76561197993882442,Recommended,264240,35155791,Posted: 23 September,all,Lone Wolf,Loved it and Played it twice still makes me want a sequel. for the price you can't go wrong if your looking for a rpg detective game.
,Recommended,264240,20504753,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Amarand Agasi,"CONSORTIUM is one of those games that I wish I'd bought earlier.  It's so well rated, so well reviewed, by so many people, and seems right up my alley.  I like story-based single-player games.  I like quirky games, with inside jokes and external references.  There was no reason for me to avoid buying this game, other than fear that the game would suck.  I eventually bought it, the game was fun - albeit short - with the possibility of a sequel coming out at some point.  The game also has a lot of achievements, so if you're into those, great! I'm used to playing games where a lot of the exposition is extracted by asking NPCs questions - and NPCs in other games are happy to oblige (that is their main purpose in life!) by talking for hours on-end.  CONSORTIUM is different, in that if you treat NPCs like you'd normally treat NPCs, the game mechanics change.  Overall, I'd say buy this game, and you'll enjoy it, if you like unique games that are quirky and fun.  It's like a pseudo-space murder-mystery game you can play over and over again!"
76561198041347348,Recommended,264240,20502992,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,deconst,"Undertale got popular for promoting itself as a critique of irrational violence, but for me its approach was done first in Consortium.It was so refreshing to have real, demonstrable moral options for your protagonist's actions. The pathway to pacifism is not obvious either: like Undertale it takes careful consideration of the motives and background of your antagonists. Unlike Undertale the lore of Consortium is deeply and richly detailed, with pages upon pages of news reports, intelligence analysis, character briefings, transcriptions, etc etc.Imagine if Undertale grew up. That's Consortium."
,Recommended,264240,9976133,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,No h8 plz,"If you enjoy choice heavy and mind f*** games, this is for you"
76561198018678506,Recommended,264240,8693665,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Lord Scanthax,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, dis game be so hype. Ya'll gotta be like sup just invading the mind of dis guy nd get introduced to yo cause you a beeshup. Dis game is like chess cept ya gotta move the peices of personal relationships so dont be an♥♥♥♥♥♥yo. Soon you find yoself in da middle of a murder and dats just whack yo. Homie. Dis first o three games ya'll it be mass effect cept you talk lots and fight less. PAY ATTENTION ♥♥♥♥♥ ELSE YOU AINT GONNA CAPTURE DA MURDERER. K peace."
,Recommended,264240,9840635,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,SamStrife,"“For you will certainly carry out God's purpose, however you act, but it makes a difference to you whether you serve like Judas or like John.”"
,Recommended,264240,16925147,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Pink boi #2,"This game isn't the best game, but it is goddamn good if i've ever played oneSource game- looks like a mod and kinda crappy, but it actually serves ConsortiumCore Gameplay- It is NOT a source mod, it is a full fledged game after you really dig into itNarrative experience- interesting and immersive, I felt fear for fellow crewmates when they were in near-death situationsChoices-X or Y, but the occasional Z pops upControl of the character and their personality- straight up free, aside from the name and designationOverall, I enjoyed this game more than a candied bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ever could, and the story itself and unique gameplay managed to keep me hooked. Cant wait for part 2!"
,Recommended,264240,8635599,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,"Krulin, Internet Tough Guy","Consortium is a sci-fi'ish game set in the near future (there's more to it than that, but that's the easiest way to classify it). You play as Bishop 6 quite literally. It's a meta sort of thing, though that's not spoilers.The Good: I loved the plot and the character interaction. It reminded me a lot of Mass Effect 2 in that regard, but with more life to it because people aren't always in the exact same spots. The graphics are nothing special, but they do fit with the art style. I loved that every choice in this game seemed to matter (we'll have to wait until part 2 to see how much), but it was nice to see immediate consequences and not just a change in an arbitrary karma bar llike some games. Yes, I'm looking at you Mass Effect 2. Speaking of a sort of karma bar, there isn't one, at least not one visible to the player and I for one loved it for that. As long as it's done well having no number attached to your actions that the player can see makes it mroe immersive and stops the player from ""counting karma"". The choices make a difference and aren't just things referenced in one line of dialogue lateer and forgot. A lot of your choices determine who lives and who dies, a thing most games are afraid to do and save for the last minutes of a game.The Bad: Glitches. There are quite a few, but there's nothing that can't be fixed fairly easily. Aside from the game crashing when you alt-tab, there's no crash related bugs I've encountered. I run two 660 ti's in sli so I fully expected crashed and other stupid stuff, but it never came to that. The framerate is a bit choppy and others have mentioned it as well. I don't know if that's because of sli or just some other weirdness. It wasn't ever bad enough to where I couldn't play the game. It's a bit on the short side for 19.99, but I think the replayability makes up for it. Going through the game again with vastly different choices should have a huge effect on the story and make your game completely different.The Ugly; I don't really have anything for this section. There aren't any really bad bugs, at least nothing on the scale of bluescreening or anything that severe.In summary I loved this game. It is a little weird, but if you like the idea of a plot driven game then this is it. By plot driven game I mean it's not like most games where they wait for you forever and ever. This game will go on without you to a certain extent, but not to the point of where you feel like you're being dragged behind a car. I would say right now, get it on the sale that is going (at the time of this review) if you think you might want to try it and then wait for a patch. Like I mentioned before the glitches aren't super bad, but they may irritate some people. The developers seem quick on the uptatke and seem to care about fixing the bugs however. :)"
76561198052983021,Not Recommended,264240,11541661,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,jvgocavs_2000,"Consortium nails the communication with NPC part of RPGs.  If you enjoy the conversation part of games like Mass Effect but want it to be more meaningful you will love this game.  Unfortunately the combat is sparse, flat and buggy and the animations cartoonish.  The voice acting is decent which is huge since that’s most of the game.  On my first attempt I ended up in a shootout after a bunch of talking to NPCs, however there was a bug and the NPC bad guy was shooting before I even got close, so I started over.  On my second attempt I noticed that my changes in dialog really affected the direction of the story, unfortunately the story and dialog choices never interested me and I never felt engaged in my role, felt more like I was part of a Saturday morning cartoon world.  In addition the bugs and cartoony graphics really killed the immersion for me, which in a game where you spend most of the time talking to NPCs without immersion there is really no point.  I ended up getting bored and moved on to other games.Consortium is alright I guess to see how conversation trees leading to different paths should be done, and I hope all the devs and talent involved in that aspect catch on with other studiosn (cough...bioware...cough) and impart some of Consortiums success on to big budget games in RPGs when it comes to dialog.  But as a game in its own right nailing the conversation aspect of RPGs only gets you so far when every other aspect of the game is bland or broken."
76561197966471600,Not Recommended,264240,8633759,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Bemaze,"I cannot recommend this game as I encountered a game breaking bug about an hour or so into the plot. This also invalidated and corrupted my auto-save which was the only save game I had to go back to. The bug report thread on the forum is also full of other game breaking bug reports that apparently wait for me further through the game should I find the will to restart and sidestep the one I already encountered. Other than that, I was having fun up to this point although this game felt more linear than I was expecting, for instance you can't even initiate dialogs with people the plot doesn't want you talking to right at that moment which was interfering with my immersion."
,Not Recommended,264240,19925536,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dreiden Kisada,"Not for 15 dollars.  Even if you give it 3 play throughs, it's maybe 4 hours of play time.  5 tops.It's also unpolished.  It feels more like an early access game than one that's on release."
,Recommended,264240,20024409,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,gekido,"in-depth character system / dialog - even though it feels like I haven't even scratched the surface of the game so far, it is a pretty unique experience so far.branching dialog systems, dynamic quest / objective systems, satisfying combat and some interesting characters all make for a pretty compelling game.Can't wait to see more!"
,Not Recommended,264240,19880478,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Chemist,"Long, long, long uninterrupted and unskippable chunks of horribly acted dialog combined with FPS mechanics that would have been old 10 years ago. I bought it for a about dollar and it was too much."
,Not Recommended,264240,8648992,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,First Mate Morin,"Right now this game is too buggy. When I get to the part when I capture Angelov, it keeps crashing. Hope they fix in the near future. Even now with the new update I can't get as far as I did before! They are going in the wrong direction.Edit:Now this game Is completely unplayable on my computer."
76561198116523333,Not Recommended,264240,9115456,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ghost Runner,"There are good and bad parts about the game. For example, you can't skip dialogs, and that makes game so boring. I spend 5 hours listeting to people talk without doing much. On the other hand, you have a lot of good character with thier own rutine, feelings, and history, and that makes you feel like a real person on a real spaceship. Sadly, minigames a not great. If you can bear with people talking endlessly or unless company patch the game to skip dialog, I would not recommend this game. P.S. some Japanese dating games have an option to skip dialog, why can't this game have the same thing?"
76561198093278360,Not Recommended,264240,19156990,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Sidekick1982,"It is a really cool game, with a lot of dialog, stroy depth, beautiful graphics and alot more!I loved it.But it was over in... 2hours or something?Ok, I played it once again, was fun again. But still. Too short."
,Recommended,264240,20205180,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Napoleon_Blownapart,"Was actually a extremely good $1.49 experience. I am def looking forward to the next gamePros:-Pretty good story-A ♥♥♥♥ton of lore! (that is ignorable)-Didn't encounter any major bugs-What looks like to be decent replayability (Did 1 playthrough, looking at all the choices and achievments, should be good for another 1-2)So So:-Combat (Time to kill is a big too long. And combat feels a little clunky fighting in the close quarters of the ship with next to no space to flank)-Subtitles disapear sort of quickly-Confusing names, maybe just because I played only 1 playthrough so farBad:-Pointless inventory system (Its like they planned on having more items, but there are so few that the whole inventory is totally not needed)-Short (First playthrough done in 4 hours, but for $1.49 discounted not bad at all)TL:DR   A good buy. Has a sequel coming."
76561198054720005,Not Recommended,264240,15523706,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,spartakook,"I think this game has amazing potential, but mediocre application. If you play the game for the first time, you'll be ridicously excited about the different possibilities in the game. You'll enjoy it. Perhaps so much that this will be worth the price of the game alone. However...If you replay it to discover the differences in the game, and try to get a different outcome, you'll realize you've been cheated into thinking that all these possibilities were there, when in fact they were illusionary.  (It's as if the Stanley Parable only had dead ends in all but one path) Your role in any replay will vary only very slighty from your first playthrough, and let's face it: the value of this game is the freedom and your role in the story.Summary: This game could've been revolutionary, instead its passable and forgettable. I would not recommend it to anyone, but also hope they continue the franchise with major improvements."
,Recommended,264240,17604486,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,NaU.Uberjannie,"Gameception. Nuff said!I liked it. Going to buy the sequel when it comes out for sure.Warning: This is not an action-game. In fact, there is very little action in it, even though it has guns.This game is for LORE-people and people who likes dialogue."
76561198002450835,Not Recommended,264240,17846717,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Nutlaw,"I really like the approach of making the user essentially a character in the story. It's a unique perspective for the game to take. The story is solid, the characters are interesting, and I like what they are doing here conceptually.In practice, it doesn't make for a great game. It wants you to read through exhaustive articles to pick up little bits of information. It wants you to replay the same game multiple times in order to pick up on a reasonable chunk of the story and content. It can be confusing to navigate the ship when they frantically yell at you to go to some area with an unclear location. Other than to appear Mass Effect-like, I don't know why they chose to utilize a first person engine. The combat and inventory are exceedingly clunky. Going with an RPG style or even menu based system would probably fit the overall game better.It's interesting and I'm glad that I played it, but I wouldn't recommend it to others. Without a smoother gameplay experience, I'm not eager to play the sequel to continue the story when it comes out."
,Recommended,264240,8634731,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Valleyant,"Game is weiiird as ♥♥♥♥, kind of janky, and the combat sucksIn spite of this, I had a preeetty damn good time playing it."
,Recommended,264240,8656647,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Sente,"I was very very impressed by this game. At first I thought that it was not going to be that good, I thought the action was gonna be dull and you were going to be stuck in long monolagues forever. That, however, was not the case. Even though the storyline and voice acting as well as the flow of the conversations you have (which also has a really interesting reputation system) was amazing to say the least (I would compare and even would dare to say that it puts mass effect to shame), the action comes at you early, hard, and fast, and boy is it a kicker. I definatley would recommend this game and If I had a rating system I would give it a 10/10 because I have not found a game that has surprised me and kept me excited like this since Far Cry 3, and setting this apart from Far Cry 3 it is a truly original and new expirience that I think could start a whole new crave for these kinds of games kind of how Minecraft did for Voxel Sandboxes."
76561198008692494,Recommended,264240,8631940,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Dr. Sedula,"This is a post-patch revisitation review. It contains no plot-revelation spoilers.Consortium is a game I very much enjoyed, and I plan to play the future installments, but the game is also a victim of its own ambitions in certain ways.The game concepts and mechanics are often novel and welcome, and the dedication to rpg storytelling is evident and appreciated.And yet ...... not all of the storytelling concepts are executed as well as someone seems to think they are. Nowhere is this more evident than in the mystery featured in chapter one.You are charged by your superiors to investigate the possibility of a traitor aboard the Consortium aircraft. I spent real-time hours trying to perform due diligence on the investigation; reading files; questioning suspects; and the like.The end result was only mountains of contradictory ""evidence"" any court would dismiss as circumstantial at best. Certainly not enough to assuredly accuse anyone, let alone convict them.To compound the problem, even though you are investigating on the authority of the three ranking Consortium members aboard the aircraft, potential suspects routinely evade lines of questioning, or are flat-out uncooperative (however politely) -- even though everyone tells you that they want to see the problem solved.Worst of all, the very people who set you to investigating shut you down when you complain of lack of cooperation -- but subsequently demand you produce a suspect, and express annoyance when you refuse to offer someone up on little more than a hunch based on circumstantial evidence.It ends up making your superiors seem corrupt at worst, and heavy-handed fools at best. On my first playthrough save, I actually resigned from the Consortium over this.I only solved the mystery thanks to a hint a fellow player gave me -- when you first arrive aboard the aircraft, look around. Someone appears to be working in a place which may later prove to be ... problematic.None of my detective work led me to the suspect. Only this.So, yes, Consortium is an enjoyable, and often novel, take on the rpg genre, and worth its price (in my opinion) -- but the game's clever systems and techniques are only as good as the content powering them -- and someone needed to spend a little more time inside the mystery plot to insure that it hung together as well as they believed it did.When you succeed in drawing the player into your game-world -- as Consortium did with me -- it's important that the game world maintain its plausibility and consistency once the player has engaged.My opinions, anyway,"
76561197998364699,Recommended,264240,8664834,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,SavageShark,"The game is just coming out and I was hooked when they showed off an internal view of the air ship.The game litterally puts you in control of a character aboard an airship.  You play ""Bishop"" aboard of crew ranked by chess pieces.  Acting as the 2nd in command to the Knight, your job is to ensuring the crews moral and ship safety.The voice acting is great, the story well written and the game allows the player to make decisions that affect the outcome of the story and how the crew likes/hates you.What is one of the more stand out moments of the game is the fact that while YOU, the player, view this as a game.  The characters view the world as ""Reality"".  So you juggle between all the past experiences normally seen in a games cliche story arch and the ""reality"" of the world in which you present.Now the game is still with glitches and bugs.  But the developers have rescently released a notice stating they are aware of this and apolgiesed for any inconveniances.  Which is a bonus in my book when a developer owns up to their mistakes and spends time too work everything out.This game is worth a buy.  With a multitude of outcomes based on your actions, the replay is high."
,Recommended,264240,8664975,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,J0hnnny,There is multiple ways of playing this game. very dynamic. the dialogue is well written and you can even say nothing at all to the NPCs. what you choose to say or do can drastically effect the way the NPCs react to you. its an interesting concept and if you are into story driven games I suggest you try it out.
,Recommended,264240,10432887,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Empty,Great game great story only thing missing was more moral choices and longer storys.
,Recommended,264240,16997573,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,c0d3r.4ndy,"Without question, this has been one of my most enjoyed entertainment experiences to date. The story is excellent, the world is well fleshed out, the characters are unique and believable... Its like a Telltale Games adventure but you get to jump in guns blazing to be the hero at times as well. I'm so hopeful that the sequel will come around because I'm enthralled enough that I need closure on this, and just more games like this in general. I could not reccommend this highly enough to other gamers who value an engrossing experience. There were a few graphical glitches and gameplay/physics bugs that would normally have been a bit infuriating but, in this context, I just didn't care; they couldn't detract from the rest of the wonderful time spent in this gem of a game.[Edit] I've just finished a second playthrough and now I'm even more in love. Discovered so many extra details and options. The sequel can't come soon enough! [/edit]"
76561198045604021,Recommended,264240,18756530,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,GameCubeFan23,I played this game and I finished it. I will purchase and play the second and third installments
,Recommended,264240,32334632,Posted: 10 June,all,Gado2 Malam,"best gaming experience for sci-fi..first hour playing, i already fell in love.deep story, unpredict plot, mysteries and else..feels like i was in the game.. truly.."
,Recommended,264240,20501425,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Marvellion,"A really unique game and a hidden gem for RPG fans with a great story, just a tad stort but hopefulluy a sequel will be funded soon on Kickstarter."
,Recommended,264240,9201799,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,DotA 2 was a mistake.,"This game's got some really intriguing gameplay, characters and dialogue, and I really love the ship environment, but the game is too damn short. There is a sequel that's going to be crowdfunded, and ideally come out in the next year or so, and I highly reccommend that you support that, and/or buy it because these developers are great, and I really wanna see a full-length game to show off what they can do."
,Recommended,264240,29480270,Posted: 25 January,all,Kodyd194,CONSORTIUM is a decent adventure game I made time to play through recently.  Consortium fuses Sci-Fi RPG with Action Adventure all wrapped up in an indie shell.
,Recommended,264240,18245449,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,wormroom,"A neat game that could really use a ""skip dialogue"" button. Check it out if you want an interesting experiment in immersion and divergent plots."
,Recommended,264240,19386817,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,NoVeXX,"Well I don't have a lot to say about this Title, it has OK Graphics, So/So Shootermechanics and a Good RPG System. The Lore is extensive and the decisions you make are plentyful and yield high impact on Gameplay and your Surroundings. For someone who has not played it's Predecessor the Lore is a little Hard to understand but if you are Willing to listen and read you get dragged into a Lorerich Universe.The Game is very well thought throug, it has a lot of Secrets to find, although the Surrounding you can explore is limited.This one is very very Hard to recommend without spoiling, but this should be for you if:- You like an immersive Gameplay- You like reading lots and lots of lore.- You like to be praised if you do something well and scolded if you're acting evil.You will dislike the Game if:-You're looking for a shooter-You're looking for next-Gen-Hardcore Graphics-You're looking for a Falloutclone. (It has nothing in Common although both have weapons and dialouge, this one is wayy heavier on the dialouge and Choices)-You like scanning for life signs (if you play it, you'll get this joke)I enjoyed my Consortium Expirience and I am looking forward to the next Episode."
76561197972029425,Recommended,264240,20281143,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Once-Ler,"Edit: I made a stupid choice in the beginning of the game which made my progression through the game entirely without combat, but such is my playstyle and I enjoy replayability. The dev commented on my bug report within 6 hours as well, which is certainly encouraging. Still recommend this game, and suggest to make mistakes and see it through so you actually feel the effects of your actions.Pretty fun so far, though I've managed to do something that makes the game pretty much impossible to complete. I'll look for a place to report bugs and see if someone else has had the same issue. No crashes though and I like the amount of stuff I'm able to do. This is the kind of experience I was hoping for when I played Heavy Rain (disappointingly) way back when it first came out on PS3."
,Recommended,264240,20512744,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,[TAW] MigGels,"I really like the game. I have managed to play 19 hours roughly, and damn they were intense. The story has enough twists and turns in the story with elements that may not contribute to the main story but give it context.Example: You talk to a crew member, and find out that they have a deep friendship with blah blah crew member. They then defend said member in a disagreement that splits the crew, this actually now makes sense.You get a lot story context, with things like you are supposed to be a combat specialist, and due to this you can use the virtual training program. People are suprised when you don't know about weaponry and what country made equiptment. It makes sense. That is why I love this game. But it at the same time manages to break the fourth wall 3-5 times intentionally in a good meaningfully way, with a good amount of plot twists that make no sense else where, but due to the story delivery due make sense to the nth degree. But it for the story,"
76561198133951668,Recommended,264240,17937051,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,greatelite01,Consortium is a work of Art in its self with a good storyline and with a outstanding soundtrack  too.I recommend  it and join the fun
76561198004582020,Recommended,264240,8637989,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Dr.Ed,The first great game of 2014! This game has personality and it shows in every interaction. The scope of the game may be small but the details keep you wanting more and many of the actions you take really feel like they are impacting the rest of the game. Like the great RPGs of old you can complete the game without killing anyone and be a saint to your crew mates or a silent killing machine feared and respected by everyone you come across. The only downsides are that combat can get clunky at times and the color blue is a bit overused. Imaginitive and unique Consortium is a fantastic fist person experience that can be played over and over again.
76561197970571810,Recommended,264240,8718809,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ExHippy,"I would like this game a whole lot more if it wasn't for the 4th wall breaking rubbish, it goes to great lengths to remind you endlessly that the game is a game which kills any sense of emersion for me. I know it's part of the plot but I could do without.The gameplay/combat isn't the greatest but it holds up, they've gone for a slightly dated aesthetic but it fits with the overall feel of the game. The voice acting and dialogue occasionally strays into the bizarre but for the most part it works.A decent (if short) game. If only it took itself seriously."
76561197970956758,Recommended,264240,8639008,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,rbrookes2003,"This game gave me exactly what I was looking for. I wanted an interactive story, and I wanted to explore. Yes I did encounter a few bugs on my way, but nothing game breaking. If you enjoy games that are limited in scope but give you the oportunity to explore every nook and cranny then this is for you."
76561198004820798,Recommended,264240,20528509,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Broadsword159,CONSORTIUM is a must-have for people who enjoy story driven games.
76561197978674236,Not Recommended,264240,22320185,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Grim,Do not buy. This is not a complete game.It is  at best  chaper one of an interactive novel. It is not a game!Also it is played through within a just few hours of running around in a plane and talking to characters.What could have been nice if only the story would have been complete before releasing.It is simply put an insolence to sell this and than have the guts to beg for more money to write what is called part two when the so called part one is just a tiny snippet.
,Recommended,264240,10155814,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Goldfish Lobotomy,"I have suspected this for a while, but I can conclued that the best games do in fact come from Canada.The ending hyped me for the possible sequel immediatly. I love this game's atmosphere. Its plot line can be compared to that of Telltale's The Walking Dead, it was ultimately linear, but your choices did matter. I would even go as far as to say the developers surpassed Telltale here. Screw Metascore this time. This game has the potential to be at least as great as Bioware's Mass Effect or Valve's own Half-Life.I can only semi-complain about the cliff-hanger at the end, so I must beg the developers to please actually release a second part, (Half-Life 3 anytime soon, Valve?) I feel as if this concept can be greatly expanded upon."
76561198040924074,Recommended,264240,10157714,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Vagabond X,"Consortium tends to play like an adventure/detective title, with branching dialouge options and Alternate Reality Game based lore, and a smattering of FPS elements thrown in.  And by ""branching"" I mean ""be warned, your decisions and actions will *actually matter* in this game!"", which already makes it rather unique.Movement through the certain areas of the ship tends to be a bit awkward, due to the realisticly cramped quarters, but the overall design is very well put together.  You will be challenged with the exploration and usage of the detailed ""micro-environment"" setting you find youself in, and forced to make quick descions based on instinct and whatever information you can glean from your surroundings or the NPCs.  Combat is not a huge portion of the game, though tends to be intense when it does happen.  As for the storyline... without giving away too much, it's about as twisty and complicated as they come, with a MASSIVE amount of backstory to flesh things out.Overall it's a good game with a unique design and plot, where one can wind up exploring a small yet incrediably detailed worldsetting.  I'd reccomend it as a purchase for anyone."
76561198042175504,Not Recommended,264240,21397237,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Tristan ( S A D B O Y ),REALLY buggy.
,Recommended,264240,20551811,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Smegmatron,"As I type this, this game is available for free this weekend, and will stay in your library permanently.Consortium is a fun little first person mystery/adventure game which takes place on a futuristic jet liner.  I'm partially through my first playthrough and am actually rather impressed in the amount of quality in aspects like game design and voice acting.  It's rather open ended, so you can play it how you see fit.  You can role play the character basically anyway you like.  Definitely worth free!"
76561198045540232,Recommended,264240,20658209,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,BettyTheLastSurvivingGoldenGirl,"A enjoyable game, though the graphics are pretty cartoonish it was expected of it, the game has a solid storyline. Some controls take a little time to learn but its nothing too difficult, the replayability of the game is well done with many things to do differently, and decisions do matter and have consequenses.The main thing I enjoyed about this game is the control when making decisions,"
,Recommended,264240,14021095,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,JackDaniels325,"Great game. Has that Quantum Leap Feel to it. Minus the Fact that your controlling another person via remote control for the most part.The game is worth it for a laugh and doesn't spoon feed you anything, that you should know while taking over the person your in. You get the control prompts and tool tips required to navigate the hud.But, anything else is for the most part you are so and so and you got to fill in the blank with out Al or Ziggy giving you any help you would expect from the TV series.You have to play the game like you attempting to solve a mystery, and remember everything as best as possible. You will find if you play a certain way you won't catch any one off guard because your taking the role of a new transfer to a ship. Clearly you don't know anything the first time playing, and so helps soften the blow for your first time playing through.Is the game worth it. Yes if you enjoy reading into things and documenting things personally yourself.Get the game and Enjoy the Talkies and Virtual Simulator Challenges."
,Recommended,264240,20615256,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Hurp,Are you tired of games telling you that your choices matters when they turn out to be mostly irrelevant? This game actually delivers on it and it's pretty damn refreshing!Consortium also features some of the most hilariously indepth backstory/lore I've ever seen. You can find so much text in the data console if you search for stuff.
76561198008857802,Recommended,264240,20650850,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Knives McDeath,"Completely worth playing for the first 90% of the game, but then unfortunately devolves into Needlessly Complicated Video Game Plot Syndrome, which for me really derailed the experience. Does SO much right, with a small setting and distinct characters and visuals and good acting and a central mystery to keep you interested, but doesn't have the self-belief to own that and tell a self-contained story. A lot of people writing games seem to feel that stories have to be ""Epic"" to be interesting, while the opposite is almost never considered, like there's some kind of shame in telling a story reminiscent of a stage play or short story. It's not that less is more, it's that less is more relatable, and thus often less is simply better. Again, brilliant until the end though, like Mass Effect minus the 90 hours of boring shooting and with much better writing.TL;DR: ""Game of the yeaaaahhhhhhrrghh what the hell just happened??!"""
76561198035676839,Recommended,264240,14024881,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,MalodorousMonkey,"A great game for those that love interactive stories in their games. Good writing, good characterization, and good voice acting come together to make a solid piece of video game storytelling. There are plenty of permutations in the story to justify multiple playthroughs, and your choices genuinely affect the way the story plays out. Considering the fact that there are so few games like this that focus on player choice, it's good to not only see it released, but to see that it is done very well, and in a unique way. For this alone, I would recommend the game.Though the game contains combat, there isn't very much of it. This is a bit odd considering how much detail they tried to put into the system. In the higher difficulty levels, individual parts of your suit and body can be damaged, and you can repair/heal those specific parts. There's even an inventory system, wherein you can trade energy (which is used for repairs and energy weapons) for physical space to carry guns, ammo, etc.Despite this level of detail, it isn't particularly polished. The AI spews fire everywhere while running around like headless chickens, and the inventory system is more annoying than it's really worth. The creators of the game either had a grander vision than they were able to actually execute, or they are just trying to establish the skeleton of the combat system for the future titles.Don't get me wrong, the combat isn't unplayable or unfun, it's just nothing particularly special. This is not a AAA FPS.It's also worthy to note that, when this game was first released, it had several game-breaking bugs. However, the vast majority of the bugs have been mopped up now, and I have had no trouble since the first few patches they released to fix the major bugs."
,Recommended,264240,16665064,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Soft Pal,"I've played through the game once and found the game to be engaging and the story interesting.  Then I looked at the achievements and saw what all could have happened.  Now I need to go back and play at least two more times.  If you like games with branching storylines. this is a must-play.  Action, mystery, disgruntled coworkers and more.  I highly recommend and cannot wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,264240,21573657,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,burial,"Immerse yourself into the role of a security officer on a high-tech terrestrial craft in crisis.Intense. Brief, distilled, focused. Atmospheric.A well written and acted adventure with high replayability."
76561198032546576,Recommended,264240,22317431,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Rusher_go,"They tried to break the fourth wall so hard, they actually broke the game...+ Combat. That's where the game really shines! It will throw more bugs at you than Donkey Kong ever threw barrels at Mario and you will find yourself fighting the game itself. That's a pretty unique feature!+ Replayability. Each PC gets a different set of bugs to deal with, depending at least on your videocard. Each player gets a unique playthrough! Isn't that innovative? And yeah, branching plot.+ Adequate length. Each playthrough takes about two hours (not counting the time you spend fighting bugs) to ensure you can try everything out and have a set of saves for the second game. Did I mention dialogues can't be skipped?+ Plot. You can make a dozen of different decisions without being able to see the consequences of half of them (unless you buy the two upcoming games).In all seriousness, this game has a pretty interesting and branching story. So, if you are ready to face numerous bugs, you should play it. It is completable, but bugs may mess up your experience."
,Recommended,264240,13922622,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,sfury.bg,"Excellent game and very pleasant surprise. Non-linear and original story that involves the player right away even if you know nothing about it from the bat.Lots of lore which you don't need to read at all and still will have a very interesting playthrough, albeit a very different one too. Which gets me to replayability - wonderfully replayable with a plethora of choices an consequences.Problems might be not so good framerate if you're near the low-end specs, but that didn't keep me from enjoying every moment of it. Can't wait for the planned sequels!"
,Recommended,264240,13434410,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ThinkMcFlyThink,"This game is incredibly, and unlike anything else I've found on Steam. The branching storyline and investigations really keep you engaged, and the multiple paths in the game means nothing can be taken for granted (e.g., did your comments at Time X influence Time Y? What happens if you don't uncover the truth?""). Give this game a shot."
76561198026920667,Recommended,264240,13575339,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,raz334,">>>>> Abrupt Ending at a cliffhanger, Short Storyline <<<<with Overly Challenging Mysteries that litterally require you to be in the right places at the right times, just to get the clues. Either that or be super paranoid and act on instinct rather than a trail of facts, which they claim are in the game.If nothing else this game will keep you guessing, and second guessing, and guessing again, then just when you think your understanding, oo slap and your back to guessing, or at least you would be if it hadn't ended.Despite this i do recommend giving the game a go if you can get it cheap. It does promise a sequal and it looks promising in a number of ways."
76561198027450411,Recommended,264240,26529643,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,velack14,best choose your own way game ever
76561198014580360,Recommended,264240,31874449,Posted: 20 May,all,Reknahs,"This game is pretty amazing for what it sets out to do. Basically it's a sci-fi RPG heavily focused on story, dialog, and branching paths. It feels like an episode of Star Trek as others have said. It's kind of buggy and has some graphical glitches, but the conversation trees were so amazing I couldn't help but play through to the end in one sitting. Definitely recommended for people who like games with lot's of dialogue and player choice. Looking forward to the sequel."
76561197972119392,Not Recommended,264240,26168312,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,DOFW,"I was not very impressed with this game.  Graphics were okay, game seemed glitchy, combat was not very enjoyable, almost like a tacked on addition.  What I don't undertand is those with 10+ hours on record with this game.  I played through what I perceived as normally, just checking out things/tasks that interested me or that I was required to do and the game abruptly ended.... at about 3 hours in after I jumped off the back of the aircraft, expecting to be embarking on my first real mission.  It seemed to me like a 1/4 of full game.  I'd go back and play through again to see what I must be missing based on other reviews, but frankly... it wasn't enjoyable enough for the 3 hours I did play for me to put any more time into it."
,Recommended,264240,35290412,Posted: 29 September,all,[DFS] Turdomino,"Take an RPG like Deus Ex, add in some deep Witcher 3 styled choices, and give it the meta-replayability of movies like Edge of Tomorrow/Run Lola Run/Groundhog Day, and you have this game"
76561198048268849,Recommended,264240,12734351,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,makersley,"Nearly great, but still very good.  In the final analysis it's quite a bit more shallow than it thinks it is, and slightly too clever-clever for its own good.  There's so much potential here it makes me ache.But what we've got is still worth buying, although perhaps not at full price."
,Recommended,264240,28844620,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,falco1029,"A good game, but kind of short if you don't get it on sale."
76561198206215811,Not Recommended,264240,27484235,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kermit,This game is awful. I have tried to play it several times but it just does not work. I spent $9.99 on this game and it can't even run right. Don't waste your time or money. 4/10 would not recomend
,Recommended,264240,28020028,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Footbone,Short but very fun game. 4 hours of my life that I just want to keep playing over and over
76561198028101712,Recommended,264240,28407865,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,kajidiablo,the game if fun for a demo of a full game with a cliff hanger for a game not yet made and you will have to buy its ok i guess
76561198073431466,Recommended,264240,28303788,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,zaemanfx,"Well I guess I can sum my overall reaction too, totally confused.Your from 1 time stream and via satellite transfer into the body of some one in another future time stream. You are on a plane/space craft, your name or designation is Bishop, other crew have chess designation's as well, there has been a murder. Have talked to everyone I could and zip. Just seem to be left walking around craft, Strange.Deleted save game, started another game same deal.Can't figure out what to do.Can't really commit to like or dislike this game but it's teatering on the edge of the later. For now however I'll say yes but with great reservations."
76561197970911315,Recommended,264240,22854499,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,zman,Story was good enough it had me play it a few times through to see the different options.
,Recommended,264240,23706027,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Teriyaki_Freak,"I rarely ever review games but because this is a small indie game and has impressed me so much with its depth, I have decided to recommend it.If I feel like it, maybe I'll get around to explaining why my decision is such."
,Recommended,264240,30721928,Posted: 25 March,all,Cusser,"Good game all round. Just wish there was more. I regret reading all of the flavor text. I thought that having knowledge of the  enormous amount of in-game lore would somehow help me to make informed decisions. There was a lot of text. I read it all. Absolutely no benefit.The game takes roughly the same time Skyrim's main plotline takes to complete. What is there is good, there just isn't enough. Contrary to what they might say in the trailer, there is no replayability. I still liked it though."
76561198064391672,Recommended,264240,32213033,Posted: 5 June,all,Tylik48,"An extremely engaging story driven RPG set entirely aboard a near future military-esque jet belonging to the Consortium. Interesting and varied character interaction, multiple approaches to every problem from guns blazing to diplomacy, and lasting consequences. Well worth the current £6.99 price tag."
76561197982239699,Recommended,264240,22352627,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Zacpod,"Murder on the Orient Express, meets ME2's Normandy, meets Deus Ex.It's awesome.   Full stop.  Get it.  Now.It's short, BUT because of it's very nature it's almost impossible to get thru it ""the right way"" the first time thru.Heck, I'm now on my 3rd playthru and /think/ this may be the one I take thru to the next chapter.  (When it's released.)I'm not even sure you could get the whole shape of the story without a few playthroughs.Note, this IS part 1 of 3, and 2 & 3 aren't there yet, so it's short AND ends with a very definite ""to be continued."""
76561198022063887,Recommended,264240,9047769,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Mystery Gamer Man,"EDITED BELOWI am quite upset with this game. I helped with testing the game and giving feedback to the developers hoping to improve the game to a playiable state, and they have done significant patches which have helped allot. However, the game is still broken.Issues:- Allot of crashes related to the User Interface (moving items in and around your inventory) making the game unplayiable untill this issue is resolved- Clipping issues- And more crashesPros:- Excellent voice acting and setting, I cannot believe the amount of options and intereaction between NPC's. It is truely amasing!- Great feel to the gameConclusion:This game is not ready for release. The Dev's are working hard to resolve the issues and are doing a great job. However the game is still broken. I'd only reccomend purchasing this game if you can handle allot of crashes or if you are going to try and help the Devs.My rating of the game in its current state:3/10My rating of the game ignoring the crashes:9/10EDIT: The bugs are fixed and this game is amazing! Very good job considering the amount of work the developers have put in. A solid 9/10"
,Recommended,264240,9984617,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Endman,"I adore this game. It's difficult to find much wrong with it now that they've meticulously patched it, fixing all the performance issues and irritating bugs.This is possibly the first game I've played where the characters seem like real people with real relationships that really matter. You feel as though you're really leaving an impression on them as you attempt to solve the myriad mysteries of Zenlil, the futuristic plane, while a conspiracy of powers you can't hope to understand weaves its web below the surface. I'm even a big fan of the graphic style, which brings back nostalgic memories of 90s CG television shows like Reboot. Who knew flat-shaded textures could have such a charm to them?While it wraps itself in the guise of a first-person-shooter, Consortium is a conversational game first and foremost, with almost every encounter with danger solvable without needing to resort to circle-strafing and machine-gunning. As such it can be a more sedate experience than you're comfortable with if you're looking for a more conventional FPS. I'd very much recommend it to people who are more inclined towards adventure games and other more story-based genres.With how open-ended the game is and how many ways you can alter and affect the timeline, I reckon I'll be giving Consortium a bunch more playthroughs before the next installment.A+ - Very Recommended."
,Recommended,264240,25344542,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,:3,"Like Omikron but better, no David Cage."
,Recommended,264240,26091351,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Soviet,This game reminds me of that game by Psygnosis calledPsygnosis SentientNot as heavy on the roleplaying as Sentient and has waaay more action.Sadly not as detailed as sentient either.That being said ifyou liked Zork or Sentient you will like this. Be warned though there is a significant action portion like missile command and a fps.
,Recommended,264240,26379833,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Malacare,This game predicted the fall of America.Looks like we're well on our way bois
,Recommended,264240,35327336,Posted: 30 September,all,GiantEgg,"It's been a while since I played Consortium but I remember thinking it was a great story with interesting gameplay. One of few ""choices matter"" games where I felt like that was true. Posting this review now as I prepare to play the follow up and I'm super excited! Thanks devs."
,Recommended,264240,20238623,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","It took me a little while to get past Consortium's fairly ugly, Reboot-esque graphics, but I'm glad I did, because it's a pretty interesting game. In some ways, the game feels like a tutorial level for a bigger game - the game teaches you how to manage your health and armor and use one of five weapons, with loading screen tutorial texts to match, but there's almost no actual combat in the game, amounting to a single optional firefight and some VR training missions. But it also uses this to have a somewhat interesting setting - the entire game takes place on an airship on the way to your next mission, and along the way you deal with a locked room murder mystery and unearth conspiracies. The gameplay is mostly dialogue-based with occasional bits of action, and the dialogue offers enough variety to highly encourage multiple playthroughs with the amount of choices you get and secrets to find. The dialogue is made interesting by the fact that rather than just breaking the fourth wall, Consortium doesn't really have a 4th wall to begin with, and the player is recognized in the game as a person using the game (described in-universe as a software that allows you to view the future through someone else's eyes) to control the main character in the future. This also ties into a pretty extensive ARG that leads up to the game for those who find themselves wanting more of the game's lore, and if you don't want to play the entire ARG there's a free DLC package that gives you all of the documents to clue you in, but it's a pretty substantial read, running several hundred pages of PDFs. The game can be enjoyed without ever acknowledging the ARG, however.Consortium is a game that feels like a smaller part of a bigger game while still holding its own as a standalone experience, and the next game, Consortium: The Tower, is currently in development and will presumably start off where this game ends. At the base price of $15 I'd consider Consortium to be a decent purchase, but at its current sale price of $1.50 I don't see any reason not to give it a try if you're into dialogue-based stories."
76561198078151690,Not Recommended,264240,8639489,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,biggn82,"I think there is a great game to be found here but right now the game feels like an early access title and not a good polished one. The fps is so low and the game is laggy most of the time that I've started over a few times and there is audio lag as well, almost sounds like an electrical device is making sparks and about to blow up at times. It's pretty annoying to buy a title that says its complete only to not be able to play it because the frame rate is so bad and makes it completely unenjoyable, this is coming from someone who plays all his games jacked up to the highest settings most of the time, its happening to other people with good rigs too, so its bad optimization and I hope it gets fixed so I can try to play and enjoy the game to its fullest, honestly though it says I have 3 hours of game time, I really only have an hour at most because of restarts after messing with the settings and doing vr training over several times where the lag jumps from bad to really really bad (any combat for that matter). Based on other reviews as well as posts I've read there are plenty of other bugs as well which I haven't ran into all of them yet because I haven't played that much of it yet because of what I said above. Changing settings to the lowest makes no difference in performance either, in fact it may have even gotten worse. Hoping someone comes up with a fix or the devs get it patched asap because its in a horrible state right now for me as well as others. Like I said I think its a great game but I'm not sure yet, haven't been able to invest any time into it.  Couple of other things I've noticed bug wise and just not liking wise is the first mission where you defend you ship with a gun (shooter part) and kill all the enemies, well I think they just constantly respawn, I passed the mission but even when it said I had completed the mission and to come back to the command center there were enemies shooting me and I died several times right there because the game created a save point right in the middle of this chaos so I would spawn in the middle of getting shot on my ship (mission already achieved) and friendly fire was turned on on my gun because I completed the mission so I couldnt even shoot back at the respawning enemies lol, it was ridiculous, so basically I just sprinted out of the room and left them to do whatever they did, leave the ship I assume. Also during that time I noticed the main bad guy at that time whom I already killed and was lying down on the ground dead, there was another one of him shooting at me and running around so that was jacked up as well and was not normal. Another couple of things I dislike so far is when I give my opinion or input on a subject we're discussing, whether it be not to move a body because its a crime scene or suggesting we attack etc they just blow you off and do whatever they want, so far you have no power in the game, you are just a long for the ride and told what to do though it starts as if you're the leader etc and there is some sort of military ranking system used but with pieces from a chess game from pawn to king, you play a bishop and there was a moment where a pawn just talked with total disrespect right to my face and I couldn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥about it and the knight which is apparently the leader says oh I tell everyone to speak their mind etc, its really annoying and she is the most unliked character so far because she's so passive about everything and you can't make a damn decision to save your life, cause they ignore any suggestions you make etc. Maybe that'll change but that's what its like so far."
76561198058246566,Not Recommended,264240,17937264,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,writerrhino,"This game runs r..e..a..l..l..y slow. Load times are outright painful (plenty long enough for a full trip to the head). The game lag makes combat nearly impossible. Not bad enough to ask for a refund at 80% off, but close.An excellent concept, poorly executed.UPDATE:1. OK, I finished the game in 5.5 hours. It's really NOT a game, it's a LONG DEMO. If you pay full price for this game, your're going to feel Really Ripped Off. I paid $2.99, and that's about what CONSORTIUM is worth. Not horrible, just not good enough.2. My machine can play DCS World at just below maximum settings. To run CONSORTIUM I had to turn Everything on my computer off (no other game I play requires that). When I posted the review above, the developer, Thrie, very kindly looked into it and said my graphics card wasn't up to minimums. I'm very sorry, but CONSORTIUM is not a photo-realistic simulator like DCS, it is, to put it politely, a glorified cartoon. I don't how many pixels they slaughtered to make this game such a huge graphics hog, but it doesn't show up in the end product.3. CONSORTIUM is Very Talky and never really delivers or even makes sense (reminds me of far too many dates I've been on).4. Even with every other program on my PC shut down, the load times are like Chinese water torture.5. I stick by my initial judgment; CONSORTUM is a brilliant concept, poorly executed. Unless you can get it 80% off like I did, wait or avoid."
76561198253162309,Not Recommended,264240,19237436,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,misspetalface,"I haven't even played it, it just keeps crashing on me, even on the lowest quality, so annoying!!"
,Not Recommended,264240,9377969,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,dionissos,Αλλο ένα game που κλαίω τα λεφτά που έδωσα. Ξεκίνησα το game με φοβερό ενθουσιασμό γιατί μου φάνηκε εξαιρετική σαν ιδέα το όλο concept. δυστηχώς η εκτέλεση της ιδές είναι τελείως τραγική. Εκεί που μου ήρθε να σπάσω την οθόνη ήταν όταν υποτίθεται το game με έβαλε στο πιλοτίριο για να αντμετωπίσω κάτι κουκίδες που υποτίθεται είναι βόμβες και έρχονται κατα κύμματα πάνω στο αεροσκάφος.Δεν ξέρω πως το περνάς αυτό αλλά και ούτε έχω την όρεξη από rpg ξαφνικά να με πετάει σε pew pew arcade οθόνες που πρέπει να πετύχεις στόχους κουκίδες σε χρόνο μηδέν. Ragequit και unistall με την μια...
76561198073028143,Not Recommended,264240,8978147,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,mex101,"Wanted to like this game, have been largely unable to get anywhere due to game slowdowns, glitches and a frame rate that jumps after I leave the first room. I have a pretty powerful laptop I7, 16GB Ram, GTX 670m, still unplayable... Waste of money sorry to say, the idea seems like a good one, but when you cant get into the game why bother?"
,Not Recommended,264240,9738476,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,centaurianmudpig,"I had a lot of hope for this, but held off from purchase upon initial release.  I made the right decision, but should have waited longer.  It's been over a month since I came across a game breaking bug, preventing me from progressing any further.  I am not the only person who has encountered this either.  I have now come across another issue, which prevents me from loading my Steam Cloud Saves.  Effectively making me restart over.I figured I would wait before submitting a review.  That wait has now been long enough.  The issues I have encountered have not been fixed.  Dev's have gone quiet.  Why bother playing a game you cannot progress in?  If you are interested in this title, then have patience and continue to wait.  There is suppose to be a sequel, but if they don't get this first title working right, then why bother with anything else they release?"
76561197994922849,Not Recommended,264240,8680100,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,aplocido,"The whole thing feels like the shell of a FPS/RPG.   It doesn't feel complete.   Also, there are some parts of it thatt are just plain clunky.   I think there should be a better tutorial (in game) about equipping items and attacking.    I wish there was a better option below besides would I recommend or not.   I am more in the middle than that.  I just lean towards no."
,Not Recommended,264240,9390430,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,ProbablePrime,"Takes the blood vision from COD to a new level with ""STATIC VISION"" one shot and you cannot even tell colors apart. Completely inaccessible mini games.Good story though, however I was constatnly distracted by silly satalite connection notices and intermitent random static. WOO LETS PLAY WITH SCREEN FILTERS GUYS."
,Not Recommended,264240,11495136,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Kelpy G,"This game was disappointing. Sure it had its perks, but in the long run, I felt like I was ripped off. Like really? 3 hours of gameplay?The gameplay itself is O.K. seeing that it mostly teases you with some 'fps combat' that you never get to do. The graphics are O.K. They get the job done, and don't look too ugly. The music in the game is very well done, but I feel was wasted on a game thats literaly three hours long. Anyways, moving on to the story, [SPOILERS] you play as a timetravaler using a sattalite made by none-other than the developer of the game (Self-centered?). You use this sattalite to controll the charectar 'Bishop-Six' who is apart of the crew of the ship Zenlil. Bishop-Six is basically a warrior class on the ship (but you dont get to do anything). blah blah blah, the game teases you with more garbage that you can't actually use, then you engage in your first real combat scenario... where you don't have to do anything.... You either surrener or die. After this, the game tries to delay you for quite a bit so you cannot complete your objective, then brings up a really story-killing arc... Your first mission is to kill Osama Bin-Laden's son.... REALLY. They couldn't have come up with something  a little better? Anyways, more crap happens and then you end up and the end of the game before you even know it... Yeah...Anyways, I give it a 3/10. If its on sale, by all means try it out, but otherwise, It is not worth the full $20."
76561198118768946,Not Recommended,264240,8639712,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Kryn3ar,The game is full of bugs from falling thru the floor to locked doors. the inventory sytem is in serious need of an overhall. the chat system is difficult to understand. Youre thrown to the wolves with little explanantion in controls at some point. And worse this multiple endings brag is kind of a lie. there is no ending yet... this the first chapter. Plus many decisions you make dont even register. You do one thing the game thinks you did another. I found the game intriguing but until its fixed i cant reccomend it.
76561197994126376,Not Recommended,264240,9985878,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Farce_SA,"An RPG with heavy emphasis on the story that doesn't allow the player character to interact with the story.  Less than an hour into the game all dialog choices were replaced with ""synch errors"" leaving all choices mystery chances.  That aside the whole interaction with NPCs system seems sluggish and clunky."
,Not Recommended,264240,13507297,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,StrEagle,"Too short, ends with a cliffhanger - ""expect next episode"", which might never come."
,Not Recommended,264240,15581227,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Gorman Freedon,"EPIC FAILin every aspect. Stay away from it. It even fails plenty on uninstall, because it consists of 20,000+ files ?? which will force you to an absurd uninstall time in windows. Stupidly, I have paid Euro 4.49 for this and it just wasted my precious livetime with unrewarding stih. Also, it is a bug-ridden game still (""master edition 1.23"") with plot stoppers."
,Not Recommended,264240,9110459,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,ＧｒｕｎｔＭａｓｔｅｒ  ６０００™,"I was hoping to change my review to reflect all the positve changes made with the Master Release, however, the game is now basically locking out anyone who didn't have supported cards (myself included) even though we were able to play this perfectly fine prior to the major update! Thanks for throwing a bunch of people under a bus guys!It's a shame, casuse this game has so much good going for it."
,Not Recommended,264240,14597954,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Hertz,CTDs all over the place.
,Not Recommended,264240,18672721,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Acey Spadey,3 crashes so far and still yet to get into the game..
76561198044262260,Not Recommended,264240,18012719,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,yendor934,"Game Starts but freezes when you try to play. Read online that this is because it takes longer for it to load on ""low end"" systems. I waited longer than if i were playing dragon age inquisition. Waste of money and time."
,Recommended,264240,16111367,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Cortana,Great Game Overall!
,Not Recommended,264240,20646383,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,acdenh,"I wanted to like this game, but it is buggy to the exent of being unplayable. I have repeatedly gotten locked out of rooms by invisible walls, completely locked inside rooms, run into faulty game loads where triggerd events do not occur, and some side missions are imposible to complete due to bugs, etc. Clearly whatever system they were using to script events is broken and I have run out of patience.This game and its characters are not nearly interesting enough to put up with these issues."
76561198072131218,Recommended,264240,22616786,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Torus Steinbart,Wait! This is just the first part of something?Anyway. Great game!
76561198079009904,Not Recommended,264240,22235343,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Darth Yoda,"I gave it ago but just too much talk.... And I have no idea what they are talking about. Not much action, and as a first person shooter it's not great. I have not finsihed, if you like lots of yip yap then this game might be for you"
,Recommended,264240,8659055,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Eyh‼,"It is an interesting mystery rpg/fps hybrid. Graphics are a bit on the primitive side, but it is easy enough to get used to. There's a lot of dialog tree, and 'like' points for each other character that you meet and interact with. Supposedly they made the game have many different possibilites and permutations, but I'd need to replay it to see how that works. Unfortunately, the launch version (1.0) has a few game-stopping bugs, but the devs have acknowledged it and hope to have it fixed up in 1.1 by the end of January. Alas, I ran into one of these bugs so I guess I'll have to await the fix.If you like mysteries and story-heavy games, this probably will be worth checking out when they get it fixed up."
76561198047002406,Recommended,264240,9050493,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Got Milk and Cereal?,"This game has a remarkable story however it is a little bit short in some areas. i wouldnt say it is worth 20$ but more so 10$ although there are a lot of dialogues i dont see that it is worth that much. Still great story, add on to it."
,Recommended,264240,8691860,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Legal Antagonist,"Interesting concept and an enjoyable experience, especially as it is possible to test out a universe in just a couple of hours. Likely will draw you back to complete multiple times, BECAUSE it is so quick to do so."
76561198006574311,Recommended,264240,8666659,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,SurlyPanda,"It have being a while since I am so immersed in a game. I started playing at 12:00 and by the time I look up, it is 4:00 in the morning.Like a lot of reviewers said already, voice acting is excellent. The best part is that you do not feel like you are the only intelligent in the world. The NPCs feels alive and have their own personality. The story move at a brisk pace and keep you interested throughout. The only problem I have with it is the combat. It is servicable but definitely not the strongest part of the game."
,Recommended,264240,8640760,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Entity 351,"Consortium is a really wierd game. It has enough going for it to warrant a reccomendation, but it comes with some warnings.Both the writing, and the graphical fidelity are pretty decent; from what I've seen so far there isn't anything that stands out too starkly as cheap looking or terrible sounding. The characters, while overly perky to the point of mild irritation are voiced well and move smoothly more or less.If you don't like stories where the game talks freely about it being a game and breaks the 4th wall while attempting to work such breaches into the lore itself, then this isnt for you. It's quirky and funny but it can come off as a bit trying and boring at times.The UI, on the other hand looks like it was made in flash, or paint or something and isn't all that great and is fairly confusing to navigate, especially in combat. Equipment is also sort of oddly priced. For some reason your basic armor you get at the beginning of the game costs 72 MILLION dollars yet your helmet - of equal technical complexity- costs a mere 75k.Combat feels wierdly tacked on. Your suit is essentially this big vaccum cleaner that just sucks up EVEYRTHING and converts it into 'utility energy' This is then used for healing and weapons, but has modes where you can just passively heal/repair or repair/heal specific parts of your body. It's just unecessarily complicated and does not really translate well to the general flow of combat.Enemies have a similar system although here the complexity is welcomed and you can maim them in a variety of ways rather than just killing them outright. I personally like this because it makes combat more interesting and engaging than simply pointing and clicking.Those small nitpicks aside, I would say that this game is certainly worth it with a 10 buck price tag, so wait for it to go on sale."
76561197983567117,Recommended,264240,8641447,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Gnardur,After 2 hours of playing I got stuck in a door....Still love the game and can recommend it for people who like dialoge heavy first person space sims :) (And the fact that the developer apologies for the buggy start just seals the deal on good developers!
,Recommended,264240,8670062,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,FuriousGorilla,"Starting playing this game upon release (with all the bugs!) and aside from the flaws, Consortium is amazing. If you are looking for a heavily story driven shooter that forces you to move quickly, make hard decisions and has a unique world, this is just what the doctor ordered.Is the game perfect? By no means. Does Consortium deliver a unique and engaging experience? Yes! I can't remember the last time I played a game and said ""Did that just happen??"" Support this Indie developer, we need more like them!"
,Recommended,264240,8655446,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,JestfulHam,"This game is dope ACTION AND CONSEQUENCES, Action Drama, Relationships, Smart NPC's (when the bugs are stomped out) NPC awarness (when you catch 2 crewmen kissing they know O_O ) Conversation Choice this is going to be dopeness, Make friends, Enemy's and possibly relations. Woot woot! Kill Immediatly Or Knock em out. your choices shape responses.POSSIBLE Down Side. Paying for the next episodes... Wish this game was release as a WHOLE and not periodically. cause atlease for me, I cant afford 20 bucks every episode. They should have made that clear someone if you will or not.but the game is dope regardless of the bugs. everything can be buggy. That shouldnt determine the outcome of the game play, cause bugs can be stamped out. So buy it now or wait it wont matter its still gonna be dope REGARDLESS"
76561198042295474,Recommended,264240,8658921,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Dirty Meat,"This game certainly is a one of a kind game, at first it was very confusing but after abit of a play around i found i was very into this game, if you like sci fi games, and if you are a fan of star wars or star trek, i think that you'll enjoy this game.I'd also like to add that this game has quiet a few bugs, but from what i hear the devs are working hard to get them fixed asap, so if you want to try somthing new, want to support the game and its developers and are willing to wait for improvments and dont mind quiet a few bugs i suggest you give this game a try."
76561198032776902,Recommended,264240,8670665,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,TrashWizard,"A highly complex game with a fantastic story and an even better group of characters. Besides the one or two glitches here and there, I had not problem becoming Immersed in the stroy that this game was telling. If you get the chance, or the money, buy it, this series is one to keep an eye on."
,Recommended,264240,8639594,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Alhazred,"This is an AWESOME game. I've been waiting weeks for it since I first learned about it, and it is everything I hoped it would be. It is amazing scifi RPG. Epic dialoug. Murder mystery, and all kinds of sci fi action and cool tech. There are a few minor bugs bu it's a new INDIE game and they are hardly gamebreaking. people complainging about bugs need to realize this is an INDIE release."
76561197995147406,Recommended,264240,8639803,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,TheSpazFromRainman,"It's good, but far too short but hey i paid $18.00 for it so bring on the sequel!"
,Recommended,264240,8641901,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Couch Goblin,MANY BUGS but is good story and fun combat
,Recommended,264240,8651206,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,eXceL,Well at first i was a little skeptic over the whole game as such. But once you dive into it start solving riddles on the Internetpage and go into the game and talk to all the Characters the Idea gets very appealing. I counted my blessings when i was getting a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of backstory and character presented by the NPC's this is one of the really rare games that has an idea behind it and is actually showing you something with much what ifs and other stuffs. You got a lot of possibiltys to solve situations and equaly options that actually mean somthing. I wish for a lot more depth to be honest ;) Let's wait and see what else is coming from this.
76561198042935880,Recommended,264240,10235957,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,DuketheAssassin,"First off, this game has so much potential. Its worth every penny you spend on it even if the price is a little steep for a 2-3 hour gaming experience. Choices really do matter in this game and even how you talk to certain people will open more gameplay experiece and knowledge about the game world, which is not fully explained at the jump and its up to you to find out and explore the enviroment you're in.The game starts off by breaking the Fourth Wall with a metaphorical bulldozer. This means this game is actually a rift into a futuristic utopian Earth in a parallel universe and you're controlling a ""real"" person interacting with ""real"" specialists aboard a big plane. Each character is unique and interesting to talk to and it feels gratifying when that character takes a liking to you when you choose the correct dialogue options kinda like in real life. The story is pretty interesting as well centering around a murder on board the plane which may or may not have something to do with your arrival to this foreign universe. Replayability is very high. I guarantee you'll discover something new about the characters and the story in each playthrough.The only downsides with this game is the combat. Thankfully you can avoid combat alltoghether by choosing your dialogue carefully and I definitely recommend doing so. Also the game ends on a really bad cliffhanger. Hopefully the devs are working on a continuation but it may be awhile since this all started from a Kickstarter. So buy this game. Its worth it."
76561198040571773,Recommended,264240,10155716,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,russell.fredrickson,"I spent the first twelve hours of gameplay just reading all of the articles on the info console.I'm not really sure what to think of this game.  I enjoy it (I can't say ""enjoyed"" because I don't think I'm really done with it after one playthrough).  I like the immediacy that comes with being able to control my character all the time during conversations, although I haven't tried doing arbitrary things like walking away from conversations or just punching people for no reason.  Like any good game, I wish that it had been longer, but presumably the branching nature of everything that happens limits how long any particular path can last.I recommend playing it.  I can't really tell you if it's a good game.  It baffles me more than possibly any other game I've played.  I hope that more are made, and that the next one has a larger budget."
76561198041502700,Recommended,264240,28762587,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TheBlackReaper,"Unlike any other game I've played. Controls are a bit clunky, but this is a game you play and savor for it's mindblowing story. Recommended for people who like getting into a role and experiencing a good plot."
,Recommended,264240,13502496,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SuckerFreeGames,"A very unique and engrossing game!  While the graphics come up a little short, the depth and story telling more than amke up for it!  Seriously for $6.99 this game is more than worth it."
76561198045908454,Recommended,264240,14803955,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,d00m95,"Great game, some of the best dialogue and character interaction I've ever seen.It really gives you a feel for being a member of the crew, unfortunately it's WAY too short, couple hours and it's over.of course there's quite a bit of replayability to find out more about the crew by trying different dialog branches, but it still feels like the game ends just when it's starting to take off."
76561198022494984,Recommended,264240,19429220,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Askad,"I like it! I like it lots! Always confused why people focus on graphics if you can have strories and characters that are spectacular. However, the shooting mechanics were passable, nothing ground breaking but familiar if you played Unreal. Itll have to pump the shooting up for the supposed sequal, no spoilers, if it pans out like they suggest. This thing holds much promise, made me feel like a badass StarTrekish security guard (had moments where I thought 'whatd Warf do?' haha). MAKE THE SEQUAL!Also, buy it.Lots of replay.ps. Renegade for life"
,Recommended,264240,19681087,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,alison,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is one of the best sci-fi games i have ever played! All i knew about it going in was that it was a real-time adventure with multiple paths, which is why it's been sitting on my ""to play"" queue for months - who has time for replaying multiple paths just to get the most out of a game? Well, i've just completed my first playthrough and it was an insanely well-realized story, even just once through. But, much like Life is Strange, the meta-game explicitly encourages you to try different approaches. Perhaps it will be the first time i actually do go back to a game just to play another path.Essentially it is a first-person narrative adventure, with a few FPS elements. You are thrown in completely blind, teased with reams of world-building text in the information console, but immediately confronted with situations and dialogs that push you to skip it with absolutely no idea what's going on. As you start to learn the story, there are a few clues that lead you back to that wall of text, and the story is so ♥♥♥♥ing intriguing by then that it no longer feels like a chore at all. The characters are believable, the mythology is one of the richest i have ever seen in a video game and the whole experience is great.If there's one thing i didn't like, it's the FPS segments. These days i am much more into stealth and skillful one-shot-kills, but the shooting segments here are oldskool Doomguy bullet-sponge strafe-em-ups. Fortunately it seems there is only one of these, plus some training missions. The storyline is truly great, though, and totally makes the shooting worthwhile. Could it be better than Gemini Rue? Yes. Better than Mass Effect? A million times yes. Better than Deus Ex? Almost. Probably. If you like science fiction you owe it to yourself to play this game right now. Don't sit on it. This is excellent."
76561197982936804,Recommended,264240,20520200,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,tomgrazer,"Awesome storyline, and amazing game universe!!"
76561198006620730,Recommended,264240,20525672,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Alpha Centurion,Every playthrough can be different. Your choices throughout the game will drastically affect the world you are playing in. This variety makes every time you play a ton of fun. Get it and enjoy it.
,Recommended,264240,20534909,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ellima,Very interesting and I can't wait for more.
,Recommended,264240,22304794,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,shibbeh,"so... its not bad, its pretty cool. my only complaint is no matter how much fiddling around with mouse or controller, I just cant get the looking around to feel right. theres several different options to work around mouse lag that are available in the games menus. I unfortunately cant get them to my liking, Im gonna sit on the game for awhile, cause I want to play it, but my mouse/controller just isnt doing it for me."
,Recommended,264240,14569849,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Darksalchemist,"This game has a solid, good storyline. I also recommend this game to TNG fans or fans of choice based games."
,Recommended,264240,15713834,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,NesbittN550,"Great world building, good replayability and some aweful accents."
,Recommended,264240,8782848,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Salacious Sparrow,"This game is worth 20$. No question in my mind.It does need noting that this game aparently had a shaky release, but as of buying it I can say I have had no issues with it.The story elements are fantastic, all VA's are well recorded and sound organic, not like durp npc durp. The flow of choices are smooth and don't feel like roadbumps or contrived.Combat could be a litttle better but it works enough and isn't the main focus of the game so it doesn't detract from the gameplay.All in all, if you're looking for something that feel like mass effect and star treck ♥♥♥♥ed and gave birth to an indie title so underpriced for it's quality it's a steal, then buy this.Actually just buy this."
,Recommended,264240,9038588,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Captain Communist,"I like the game but it does have its problems, for me i seem to have a white bar running across my screen that really doesn't obscure my vision but it is sort of annoying."
,Recommended,264240,17988101,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,masterwriter42,"A rather short but really well put together game. Be aware that you're buying what is about equal to one ""episode"" of an episodic game in terms of length for your 15 bucks, so get it when it's on sale like I did. This game feels like stepping into the life of a high ranking officer on the Enterprise, it's a lot of fun while it lasts. Your decisions sometimes have a vissible affect on events, though it seems more like they're funneling into the sequel. With interesting characters and a good plot, I'd recommend playing this if you can get it cheap. But I really wish they'd release the sequel as free for those who bought the first, or at least super cheap, because otherwise there simply isn't 15 bucks worth of content here. My first playthrough was only 4 hours long, and that's including however long I spent getting lunch in the middle of it."
76561198062792891,Recommended,264240,20506535,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,notrons13,"I absolutely love games that have alot of lore and this game as LOTS of deep lore. FPS parts, not a big fan of those, but since I suck at FPS anyway, it didnt take any enjoyment away from the game. The ability to complete the game and not have to fight just made it all the better. Can't wait for the next one, keep up the excellent work."
,Recommended,264240,22275720,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,DancingGeek,"This game is really intriguing.  It's fairly short to work through once, but once is most certainly not enough.  Keep exploring the game, keep trying new things, see if you can find the answers, work out what's going on, find the easter eggs!"
76561197970867596,Recommended,264240,8775995,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,PolloDiablo,"When it first was released, this game had a lot of rough edges. I thought it aimed too high for the dev's ability to execute. After the latest round of patches it's all working as intended. It's got an interesting story that's well told, and characters that are well-developed. It relies perhaps too heavily on having played an ARG, and it wraps up a little abruptly, but I think it's a story worth playing."
,Recommended,264240,14122671,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Absolutely heretical B-Bait?!,"It's kinda like 3D chess. You habe absolutely no idea about what's going on and there are pawns everywhere, you wish you'd have more rooks, your knights is just goofing around on either the top or lower level and your king is...well, maybe it isn't so chess-like in the first place.You can punch some people, so that's definetly making it a 10/10."
76561198068013096,Recommended,264240,20033729,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Zolen,"In general, based on the quality of the game, how many different ways it can go, the depth of the characters and everything else. It's pretty dang awesome. I would like to say it's well worth its normal asking price based on this, but it's just too small a game for me. It feels like I bought the intro to a bigger game, like this was originally going to be part of a list of chapters like those recently popular tell tale games, but they split it apart so they could get away with more self funding.(Which is fair, given they arn't a big studio so will need all the funding they can get.)I suggest anyone buy it, as its a quality game, but if your like me, and don't have much spending money, wait for a discount (like I did)."
76561198043922544,Recommended,264240,20052611,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bardz,Worth it at full price. Definitely when on sale.
76561198045113362,Recommended,264240,20505366,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,OldRockgod,"great story mechanics and different routes to completion, cain' wait to see how our choices affect the second game"
,Recommended,264240,20510781,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,St@rbuck,"An unique, interesting concept and setting combined with real choices and good story."
76561198026244406,Recommended,264240,12963596,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,King Crimson,"I love this game, every thing about it, I can't really explain why but i can say that its probably the most emersive game I've ever played."
76561198003379335,Recommended,264240,19789484,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,smithconstruction,"way to short I want more!games like this are worth buying, my credit card is out, youre move!"
76561198034916917,Recommended,264240,19845303,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Immaletyoufinish,"This is a great game. You play as the new security officer on a commandship tasked with monitoring global security. It goes a bit deeper than that, you are part of a mysterious time warp experiment who happens to take the body of the new security officer. Soon there is a murder on board and ransomers outside and you have to deal with the situation. Clues start adding up and you really wonder who is behind the conspiracy, what do they want from you, do they know your secret?The developers really went all out in the writing and voice acting of this game. The characters all have their own personalities, quirks and back stories so you really feel like you are a part of a team. They go about their work day throughout the ship.  You can follow them and see what secrets they are hiding or you can joke around with them. I began to like these people and actually felt bad when I tried to do a jerk playthrough.There is a combat simulator on board and two optional combat situations.It is very short, the game world moves on with or without you so there is no real down time. Things happen fast so the game isnt long. Its worth multiple playthroughs tho and I enjoy the atmosphere. Plus there are from 3-4 responses to dialogue and the writers really fleshed it out so there are a lot of options to explore.So if you want to take an afternoon to become an officer on a space ship, meet some new friends (or enemies), solve a murder and shoot some badies then I highly recommend this game. It will be memorable."
,Not Recommended,264240,27462469,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dannyb85,I got this game because I used to work in a game company and had an internal product with the same name which had issues a lot of the time. The game is as bad as the product.
,Recommended,264240,9983981,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Grey,"Looking at screenshots, I didn't expect much from this game.I could not have been more wrong. Quite possibly one of the best games I've ever played.An interesting concept which seems a little silly at first, but after only a few minutes of actual play you'll be totally immersed in the whole idea behind it. Not to mention the rich and highly developed setting.The whole experience is very head first. There's little telling you were to go or who anyone is, or even any names. Freedom is given entirely to you to figure out everything about the whole experience, no annoying HUD popups telling you everything. I love it.If you like role playing, this game is for you. I struggle to think of many finer examples.If like me, you're looking at screenshots and thinking it looks a bit crap, trust me; Try it. The plasticy looking environments and people are perfectly suited to the entire lore of the game.I hope you enjoy as much as I am right now."
,Recommended,264240,31116293,Posted: 13 April,all,nico agua,Feels like a well crafted singleplayer bridge/crew member sim. I want more!
,Recommended,264240,25433352,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,8t88,"Somebody has got to give this developer Team a ton of Money, so they can add more playtime to the next episode.It is short but has A LOT of replay value.I hope you all buy this so they can make the next part.The Game is stunning.Think Deus Ex and Star Trek TNG having a wild night... this is the child."
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,264240,8780949,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Scribbles,"DO NOT BUY this trash. The company released a game that was buggier than hell, promised fixes, and delivered nothing. Not a company to trust."
76561198006266302,Not Recommended,264240,8971264,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,cares_even_less,"Version 1.1 is still in a horribly unstable, pre-beta state.  Cannot recommend."
,Not Recommended,264240,10814724,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,the long count,"A first person shooter where the only combat is in the tutorial. An RPG with an inventory you never have to use.  An adventure game with a single puzzle.  A social intrigue where all the characters are poorly acted and really eager to prove themselves to be the most courteous Canadian of the near future. A murder mystery that none of the NPCs seem to be concerned about, has no clues, and ends without anyone being even wrongly accused. At one point, near the end, the game literally asks you if you've played the associated promotional ARG, as if to apologize for the lack of content.Presumably I may have missed the entire game because of my milquetoast choices.  That's fine.  But I don't see how a well designed game can allow a player to accidentally skate past every possible interesting event. I'd probably buy a sequel, but I feel pretty confident they'll never make one, and that's probably for the best."
76561198022823971,Not Recommended,264240,10201809,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,x19flores84,"This game sucked I thought this was a full story game but instead it is a lame cliff hanger that took less then 4 hours to complete. I mean nothing was solved in this game you just start to get to something good and then it is to be continue wait to Consortium 2 to continue, what kind of lame crap is that. Its like they tried to write a good story then halfway though (properly because they got there money already from kick-start) they just game up and decide they put enough work into it. Extremely disappointed and uninstalling now. Wish I could get my money and time back."
76561198038902177,Not Recommended,264240,11251519,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Strey,"Its basically a futuristic whodunit game.  Its a great premise, but not well done.  Within the first 45 minutes, I ran into 7 game crashing bugs, some of which, it couldn't detect that I was in the right room, or talking to someone stopped the story character from ever talking again, or characters being stuck in inaccesible areas when I needed to interact with them.  Besides that, the game essentially holds your hand the entire time, the games speed is slower than expected, and there is very little freedom to anything you do besides the dialogue choices."
76561197982171199,Not Recommended,264240,9261020,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Axnov,OMFG! SO MANY BUGS! the game have been out for almost 2 months now... and i cant even play for an half hour without any bugs eccuring.!  i pay ♥♥♥♥ign 20 euro for this crap!  and the ♥♥♥♥ing programmers must be so damn incompentent.DONT PAY FOR ITAND DONT PLAY IT!those employers who made this game should be ashame of themself!WHAT AN DISAPOINTMENT!
,Not Recommended,264240,14135745,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,sofiyachan,"This is really imaginative game that is highly reviewed by many respectable folks, yet despite all that my initial playthourghs were very frustrating and I'm not motivated to keep trying. So many things just resist me ejoying it:A murder is committed and a book dropped that seems like evidence, but I can't interact with the book or the body.Many somewhat interesting dialog trees later I find myself trying to navigate through a chat with a madman and attempting somehow not to anger him. Failing to appease him (not sure what I said wrong) I end up having to fight his platoon of mercenaries to save the ship and its crew.I grab a rifle. head in, and am able to gun them all down pretty easily, but then everyone in the crew is very upset at all of the deaths (?!). I go back to a save (this is very well implemented ) and grab a non lethal weapon. Sure, okay ...After some trial and error I am able to stun and incapcaitate the first two waves of mercenaries without any killing, but the the third wave is randomly immune to my stun weapon (has shields) and guns me down. A couple times. And the stun grenades are for a rifle I didn't pick up (learned that in Steam forum threads). You can only carry one weapon. I guess having stunned 10 mercs I could take  rifle off of one of them and shoot their mates and boss dead...When I went to reload to try the conversation with the madman again, the the game crashed and steam is updating it now synching all of my failures to the clouds. I learned that the fight I kept losing is avoidable from the forums as well  ... it seems pretty bloody inevitable in my plays of the game.Brilliantly conceived, pretty well executed, but barely playable."
,Not Recommended,264240,15403689,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Retro-Pixel-Lizard,"It's too short for the price and whatever choice you make won't really matter. Combat sucks and when fighting against a certain character on hardest combat difficulty If you allowed the boss fight to take place, you could jsut say you emptied your load and he just stood there taking it having problems trying to realise what's going on. XD"
,Recommended,264240,19708487,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,"Fuck you, leatherman.","It's System Shock 2 without the horror. There you go, now you have to buy the game."
,Recommended,264240,9589398,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Lauren Jamilah,"The graphics aren't the best I've ever seen, but they still aren't terrible. The story and gameplay on the other hand are fantastic. The best part of the game in my opinion is the ability to explore the ship, it's huge and has numerous different places you can go. So far I haven't played much of the game but even with the little I've played I really enjoy it. If you don't mind having to deal with graphics that aren't as high end as many other games, and you enjoy games rich with story lines and converstation options then I suggest this game. It's not very well known but I truly believe it is worth the $20 it costs. Consortium is vastly underated."
,Recommended,264240,13780033,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fishcake,"SPOILERPretty damn good story, though I was kinda bummed it ended with jumping out the plane."
76561198027897617,Recommended,264240,9903138,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,RedBat,"Cool sci-fi story, hope there is more coming soon."
,Recommended,264240,8969658,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,The Firm Man,"I've only just started this game and the story is already very engaging. The combat in the trailer makes it seem lame, it has a unique lethal/nonlethal twist, albiet short on weapon customization."
76561198213910619,Recommended,264240,22621201,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,GrandImperialLordPoobah,all that can be said is said i have high hopes
,Recommended,264240,8642259,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Keramane,"Pros- Complex, well-developed characters.  Voice acting and scripting is done very well and they all feel to be believable people with individual goals, desires and motivations.- Simple, intuitive controls.  It uses the WSAD movement with hotbar standard, but I like that the inventory screen doesn't stop time so much as vastly slow it down.  It's far more believable than Skyrim's stop-time-sort-through-inventory-resume-with-opponent-naked while still getting the job done.  It also forces you to make quick decisions while in combat while still acknowledging that you're a human being who might take some time to think.- Incredibly deep backstory and history.  While not everyone will be interested to read into the pages and pages of historical documents, I found them to be great reads that really helped define the world and paint a vivid universe in which to live, breathe and play in.- Notable attitude and path adjustment.  Unlike Mass Effect (which I did still enjoy quite alot) it's not good/evil/neutral in black and white.  Killing vs Incapacitating does much of the morality course adjustment, but social encounters between characters also play heavily into affect.  There are more branches than the three standards, or at the very least, it appears to be as such.- Simple, intuitive ship design.  It's a little confusing at first but once you figure it out, you can get anywhere and everywhere quite quickly.  Also, it all makes plausible, practical sense; something of a rarity in game design.  There's no wasted space, no unexplained areas that defy the overal structural design.- Fantastic atmosphere.  The music, the occasional static surge in the linkup, the turbulence that the plane suffers, it all makes the experience far more believable.  When you hit a pocket of turbulance, the plane shakes and people react to it.  When you get signal interrupts, your view goes staticy and people sound as if underwater.- Clever balance of inventory to sustainability.  Your energy bar is used to heal yourself and repair your armor, but it also serves as a 'carry weight' limit to your inventory.  You can only store so much in your PCU before you run out of energy buffer; energy that could be used to heal you and fix you up.  Energy is relatively easy to get but healing is expensive, so it makes for a unique mmicro-meta.Cons- Very short.  While doing every possible path can really make the gameplay quite long, if you take a direct course the game finishes very quickly.- Graphically average.  You won't see this thing rivalling Crysis or getting any visual awards.  The colours are very primal, really makes me think of classic Star Trek with the polar blues and whites and reds.  It gets the job done, and I mean no offense to the graphics team, however it is 'average' by big name standards.- Minimal combat.  Personally, I love the amount of conversation and depths in the game, but I would have liked to see a bit more action.  I expect far more of it in the second game, considering the ending of this one.Neutral/Grey Areas- Bugs.  They exist.  This is a temporary Con, but one that should be mentioned all the same.  However, it is a mild one as the support staff seem quite responsive.- Graphical hiccups.  There are shadows cast by crew heads that don't react well to the texture meshes or the general line of the neck.  I'm not an artist, I'm not sure what the issue is.  Still, it's rather distracting.  Technically a con but super super minor.OpinionThe game was worth the money spent.  It was a wonderful delve into a rich universe where I sincerely felt that my actions would cause a multitude of paths to open up for future content.  How well that translates into the second game will be a strong determining factor in this one's final value, but I feel it was worth my time and expense.TL;DR- Get it if you like story over action.  If you want a many-levelled shooter, not the game you want.Personal Rating= 7.4/10Though I will site a slight bias as the game seems a bit more polarized to my preferences."
,Recommended,264240,10887175,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Muskie,"Graphics:8/10.Great, but lacks that AAA shine. Remarkably well animated. Some may not like the Toony style, but it's consistent and works.Gameplay:10/10.Holy crap, It'sDeus Ex on a plane!The closest that gaming has gotten to Warren Spector's Mythical ""One Building RPG"". It's... Short. But so was Portal. It's WELL worth the price.Story:9/10.Consortium is actually a continuation of an ARG that's been running since 2010. Knowledge of the events of the ARG areNOTRequired for the most part during the events of the game, but if you played or researched the ARG, This game becomes all the more special, especially near the end, when more concrete links to the ARG become apparrent. Eveything, and I meaneverythingabout the game, from the basic mechanics down is explained in the ARG, and there is anextensiveencyclopaedia in-game that explains many of those concepts. Checkhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/264240/discussions/0/630800444109595332/for a few helpful tips on the ARG itself.Music and Audio:9/10.Not only is it Jeremy Soule, he brought his A Game for this one. Sound effects are good, but the weapon(s?) lack punch. but then again, if you're playing right, you won't fire a shot anyway...Overall:9/10.One of the Top 10 Indies of 2014, IMO. If you're at all a fan of the Deus Ex/xShock First Person RPG Genre, pick this upRIGHT DAMN NOW."
76561197963075810,Recommended,264240,10376674,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Joker,"Excellent....This game scratched an itch that I've been having for a long time.....a game that presents you with a convincing, fully realized, cohesive alternate universe to explore and to interact with in depth.  It's something that I haven't experienced since Deus Ex.  Even if this game is shorter(and consequently lacks the depth of that game's mechanics and story), this game has been the only one I've played since then to do as good a job of pulling me into it's universe and make me feel like I had a personal role to play in the story.""I sense something.....a feeling I've not felt since................."""
76561198041279600,Recommended,264240,10405017,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Karatoo Man,"Ever wondered what it would be like to play System Shock (1 or 2) while everyone on the ship was still alive? And you could interact with the crew and witness the drama directly and not through audio logs after the fact? I did, and CONSORTIUM plays a lot like what I imagined it to be.Beginning of this game was some of the most exciting stuff I've played in a long time. You're on a military vessel in a middle of a crisis, helping the ship's survival, building relationships with crew members, trying to outsmart your foes, on the outside and on the inside. The writing and voice acting is good, the conversations are sharp and the game is very good at acknowledging what you do and shifting the events accordingly.But the murder mystery at the core of this episode proved to be a tough nut to crack. I'm currently beginning my third playthrough (the second one was interrupted by a progress-stopping bug) and I'm still no closer to discovering the real villain. At this point I'm not sure if I must calculate it logically by using what I know, catch the evildoes in the act somewhere or just grill some witness until they reveal something. Making logical conclusions seems unreliable when the world is so full of ~sci-fi magic~ that the rules change all the time.""We can telepathically see and hear all through your eyes!""""But no, there's been a hack, and now no-one can see you!""""No, wait, I did a counter-hack and I still totally can!""(And I bet Sherlock Holmes never had to deal with bs teleportation before.)So I'll keep trying until I stumble on a solution. At this point I've done some save reloading and checked the ways the plot forces some events on you no matter what you do. The more freedom a game promises you, the more invested you become in your choices, the more jarring it gets when you finally hit the bars of the cage, the limitations that the videogame has to impose on you. In the same vein as Aplha Protocol and The Walking Dead became disappointing when you realized how little you could actually change, this game promises you so much more, and it's inevitably a bummer when you cannot always do what you believe you should be doing in a given situation. But it's still a big step in a very exciting direction, and I'm eagerly waiting to see where Part 2 will take us.Now the words of warning.The game looks an controls like crap. There's no getting around it. Moving around the plane is a chore. You get stuck on ladders, you can pass through closed doors (and sometimes open doors become impassable), lights go out in different sections seemigly at random (why can't a super soldier pick up a flashlight?) You can never reliably interact with anything - only a certain part of any object is clickable, but a similar object can be non-clickable at all, leading to constant pixel hunts. The same goes for people: half of the time you cannot even click on them, which makes them just part of the scenery.And don't even get me started on combat. I had to go with the non-lethal route during a fight with a certain person, because the rifle that was in my hands refused to acknowledge I had bullets, both in my pockets and in my inventory! And I had no way to test it beforehand, because combat mode was locked until the scoundrel was all up in my grill.Multiple replays are mandatory to see all that the game has to offer, and this makes you feel almost like the character from Source Code, who is aware of the fact that he relives the same sequence over and over. What's wonderful is that your dialog choices support this mode of behaviour. Too bad you have to sit through several long unskippable holochat conversations throughout the game that get pretty old once you've sat through them once. One excruciatingly long, detailed briefing explains to you a mission THAT WILL NOT BE HAPPENING IN THIS GAME. On the next playthrough you might as well start the sequence and then go drink some tea.But is it still worth it? Absolutely!Don't try it if you are easily annoyed by lack of polish and poor production values. Consortium has been made on a shoestring budget by a small team who were too excited to explore new ways a game can interact with the player, and they're not asking too much for their work. It's an interesting experiment that has potential to lead to better things in the future. If you ever found yourself enjoying E.Y.E., Pathologic or Deadly Premonition, you are the kind of person who can appreciate it when a game offers you something new, even if playing it requires an open mind and a bunch of patience."
,Recommended,264240,8749030,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Nokta Kato,"This is a great sci-fi game, it had a rocky launch due to it having many bugs then, however the curent build is incredibly stable (1.21 master edition) and i dont think there are any bugs. critics STILL hate it because of there launch, but they only have a core team of 6, so what would you have expected? and, unlike most games, CONSORTIUM does NOT have mindless violence, theres a clear reason for every combat scene, and there way of telling the story is also one of the best parts of the game, actions have consequences in real life, so why not in games?PROS:It takes place in the futureYou can kill OR incapacitate in combatseems very realno bugsreplaying is part of the funactions have consequencessave data can be carryed over to next gameinteractive storytelling system, no 2 playthroughs are the samealmost all combat can be avoided, only the combat in bishop training cant be avoidedCONS:Second game isn't out yet2121/10 Cant wait for the 2ndERROR: TOO AWESOME FOR A QUOTE(note for iDGi: make sure CONSORTIUM 2 v1.00 is stable before release.)"
76561198054281184,Recommended,264240,17965523,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,wolfer90,it is a really good game
,Recommended,264240,15017003,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Icyblade45,Very interesting storyline with an abrupt ending. Hoping it may continue in the future.
76561198077970380,Recommended,264240,10948234,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Propaganda Pat,"POTENTIAL SPOILERS////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////I loved this game. It had a great (but sometimes confusing) story with outsdanding voice acting. It really felt like i was talking to real people. the setting feels believable although there is only one or two actual combat scenarios. there are also star treck refrences for all the trekies like myself playing this game. The ending left me disapointed bacaus i was skydiving into an ocupied building and then i started getting zapped by lightning and it ended. overall it was a great game I really enjoyed, even if 20$ is a bit expensive for this."
,Recommended,264240,8698423,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,"Euron ""Thots Begone"" Greyjoy","CONSORTIUM is without a doubt one of the most unique experiences I've had in my years as a PC gamer. With elements of Mass Effect, Assassin's Creed, and Deus Ex thrown in to a weird-filtered, post-state one world government blender and given a good whirl, it is certainly a beast of its own. Combat is fun if a mite simple, but thats not where the depth of this experience is. This is a game that respects your free will. Make the choice to kill, to spare, to enrage, to befriend, to say nothing at all. Everything is valid and have consequences that make sense. Characters are likable or believable. Backstory is provided in veritable heaps if you care to read it. This is a game for someone who wants to digest a world, not someone who wants to shoot a whole bunch of people. I imagine you could speed through this game in a quarter of the time it would take you if you took your time reading files and talking to the crew. If you want an action game I suggest you go elsewhere, but if you want a game that immerses you in it's story with good voice acting, extensive backstory, and player choice this may be right up your alley. Reccomended, and I look forward to future installments.Note: I am aware of the issues others have run into regarding game breaking bugs. Having not witnessed them myself, I cannot speak to them, but Caveat Emptor."
,Recommended,264240,10919063,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MEGAMAN AAA,"Although rife with bugs, CONSORTIUM is a very cool RPG. I'm not going to go into detail about the various role-playing elements (duh, it's a modern western RPG) and how it plays on the idea of its self-awareness. However, it will say (and here comes the cliche!):  8.5/10 would restart from last save, hit the reset buttom, blow on cartridge, etc.!"
,Recommended,264240,17677598,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Sicho84,"This game certainly surprised me. It is very short but has a high replay value. It's a bit of a mix of Sci-Fi RPG à la Deus Ex and Mystery Crime Adventure. Therefore, your (dialogue) choices matter and there are many of them. This allows you to replay the game several times and see many different outcomes.The setup is that in the game, you are playing an Augmented Reality game in which you take control of a real person in a parallel Earth universe in the year 2042 (iirc). You take control of this person, who is a ""Bishop"" on a (military?) aircraft, where the ranks are named after chess figures (Pawns, Rook, Knights, Bishop etc.). While you are controlling him, you do not know his name, his past, his background, nothing... which results in interesting dialogues where you try to converse with people who know more about you than you do.All of the game plays on this aircraft. You need to know that they have planned this game as a trilogy and this is the introduction. It took me around 4 hours to play through and the ending is a real cliffhanger. Howevery, the second game, called Consortium: The Tower Prophecy, will be out soon and you are able to take your save game (= all your decisions) with you into the new game. (like in Mass Effect)The graphics are a bit dated (the new game will be on UE4 and the trailers suggest that it looks way better than this one) but that did not lessen my enjoyment of this game. It was full of surprises, there was a lot of background info to find out (and to read, yes, read! If you don't like reading in videogames, this is maybe not ideal for you... the dialogues are voiced), the story was incredibly well written, the choices really mattered (and I'm very anxious to find out what their influence will be in the future Consortium games) and it motivated me enough to play through in one swift session - which is rare nowadays for me.While I really enjoyed Consortium, it may be off-putting to people who expect an action FPS (there aren't many shooting sequences and they are very short, it's more an adventure than a FPS), who do not like to ""play detective"" and find out what's going on on their own or to people who expect a huge skilltree and character modifications (there are none, except the items you equip). Consortium is an adventure game first and foremost, with RPG-elements in it.If you like adventures, mysteries, solving crimes, exploring every crook and nanny, meaningful dialogue choices and a futuristic setting, this game is for you and I recommend it highly. I'm already looking forward to the next episode of this intruiging story."
,Recommended,264240,9703953,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,🎩 Chiff  🎩,"Consortium is in essence, the video-game equivalent of the film Source Code.It combines the dialogue and action based choices of The Walking Dead with the scheduled timeline of Majora's Mask, in a way that gives an INCREDIBLY immersive and cinematic experience that allows for multiple playthroughs as the player learns more and more about the world giving them new clues about what to do on the next time through.For instance you could find out information about a character towards the end of the timeline that could be exploited at the start of it.I won't say any more about this game. If you like immersive choice-based games, just get it and play it, it's in the same league as Deus Ex Human Revolution, The Wolf Among Us and Mass Effect."
,Recommended,264240,9975807,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,nuh1,"A decent game for sale price for any fans of old text RPG. It feels kind of like a lower quality Mass Effect with little to no combat. It is completely story based and details play out differently depending on your choices. The story is extremely short and this recommendation is for buying it on sale. Retail price is only worth it to support the next game in the series as supporting the game at it's current price seems too much like a dev cash grab seeing how short this game actually is. Not trying to dirty the name, it just seems a bit pricey for what you actually get.The ending was also kind of a buzzkill but definitely paved the way for the next game in the series."
76561197970616511,Recommended,264240,10024938,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,JojoTheSlayer,"CONSORTIUM:Is a very interesting game. The combat is secondary and pretty old school, but the dialog parts are very good. The game itself is not huge, but the story is interesting and has allot of lore to it.While the game is short, the whole point of the game is to play it a few times to actually figure out what is going on. Well, at least figure out whats going on in this episode of the game...The first play through is like playing a mix between Sherlock Holmes vs Jack the Ripper, Star Trek and Dues Ex.If you are looking for something that is not like most other games you could give this a try.The Master Edition v1.2 was stable for me and I had no issues playing through the game. (Win 8.1) Cost wise I think the game is worth around 15 EUR. So waiting for a sale might be the thing to do. That said, if the price is around that for the next episode I might just get it.A few minor tips when playing [No spoilers]:*While Primary seems important. The meat of the game are the secondaries so do not make yourself feel rushed by the Captain when she gives you primary stuff to do. Basically the primary is more about ""continuing"" the plot rather than resolving. So enjoy the game and, mostly, do what you think is most important rather than what other people say.* The inventory is based on you having energy OR inventory items. So you have to balance the two. Thats why you some times cant pick stuff up. However you can vent energy whenever you want and regain new from terminals all over the plane.Suit slots do not take up space though. So put the weapons you use in the dual mini slots above and under the backpack.* I recommend getting to grips with the controls, totally, when you are in the VR section at the start so you are not caught off guard later.Oh yeah and... wise people are cautious about trust. :P"
,Recommended,264240,8784043,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Interference,"It took long enough, but now I can finally remove my negative review and put in a positive one: at last the myriad of bugs that ruined my experience are, seemingly, fixed.The story's great, the characters engaging, and the voice acting top notch.  Thoroughly loved it."
,Recommended,264240,10141232,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Suddn,"So, here's a fresh review - my first was briefly after the game came out, and the devs asked me to re-consider what I'd said following a series of updates to the game.The experience I've just had was infinitely better than that which my first review was based on.Each issue I had before - largely gamplay bugs and annoying crashes - has been fixed and I did notice a few dialogue changes since initial release too.With the aforementioned issues fixed, I thoroughly enjoyed the game and did get a lot more sucked into the story this time. Its a good mix of a developing narrative which creates as many questions as it answers, along with reasonable inventory and combat mechanics that can be quite challenging when tested. Its quite short, though there are promised future installments, but it definitely pulled me in (I finished it in two sessions and can't imagine playing it in any smaller chunks).I'd highly recommend it despite PC Gamer's criticism of the graphics; they are what they are, to be honest."
,Recommended,264240,8755500,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Wolvenheart,"Before we begin let's get this straight: This is a game very heavy on story and interaction with NPC's. If you're the kind of person whom likes to skip as much dialog as possible and just want to spend hours shooting things up, this game is not for you.Also, AT THE TIME OF WRITING, there were bugs in the game that made you save often should something go wrong. However, the devs pretty much responded to them instantly and I'm quite confident this game will be fixed by the end of January 2014. (Remember this is a small Indie team game with limited testing resources pre launch.) If you're worried, check the forums. (Try to avoid spoilers however, since finding out everything for yourself is 90% of the fun in your first playthrough.)That said:This is one of the most refreshing games I've played in a while when it comes to an ACTUAL First Person Role Playing Game. You have the basic, an inventory system, your quickbars and as the items you require get stronger, so do you. But feature is used in probably only 10% of the actual game, and even that can be skipped if you play it like a smooth criminal and talk your way out of things. (Remember this is the first episode, the next 2 might contain a lot more combat)But the real juicy part is the dialog system. As you make your way though the game, you gain and lose status with people. if it gets bad, you have less options, if it gets high, you'll have an easier time interacting with them. The problem? Certain actions boosts one, but lowers the other one. So be careful what you say.There is no hand holding in this game, do you make the wrong choice, you'll have to live with it (unless you reload a past save, you cheeky basterd). Conversation is fuild, engaging and unless you do a blanc carbon copy of your last playthrough, not one playthrough is the same. You'll have to actually think, consider or ignore facts, make split descisions, explore and live with the consequences if things pan out badly.The conversation system gives you a pretty diverse amount of conversation directions, and there are events that happen that can change the course of the game if you react badly. A crewmate could be injured, and you have about a second or 2 to heal them, you don't get prompted for this, you don't get warned this might happen, but it will impact your story on a decent scale. Especially if you consider your story will continue in the next episodes.The lore behind the game is pretty vast. And there is a reason why the description talks about satalites and such, and the game will remind you of it through hints and events now and then.Is it worth the price? Remember this is an indie game, and all money they earn will be funded mostly towards the next episodes. But then again, it really depends your tastes. For me, I had a lot of fun with it, and with multiple playthoughs, the game will last you quite a while. However, it might be a decent sum if you're not sure if it is the game for you.The Graphics are a little outdated, but their cartoonish look, combined with a calming enviroment, make it easy on the eyes and you won't even care after 10 minutes. It has a Star Wars the clone wars cartoon series vibe going on in the looks department (Jar Jar free)."
,Recommended,264240,9999772,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Derk,"Alright so I tried consortium out. It seems like an exploration/rpg type of game with fps elements. There are some slight horror elements hinted at here or there, but those are tiny. The dialoge for your character seems fine for the story but other characters feel almost forced. The enviroment is kind of cool, a security firm airplane is exactly how it  feels. The story of the world on the other hand feels like its somewhere else. People just naturaly kind of ignore it while a little drama plays out on the plane. But that's that. So it seems good, but we'll see how it progresses."
76561197970533201,Recommended,264240,8740749,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,mythmaker,"It's broken now, but from what I got to play - this game blew my mind. This is exactly the old-school kind of first person RPG that I wish there was more of. I'm willing to wait until it's fixed to finish it. It's that good."
76561197973967367,Recommended,264240,8872780,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,templar,I only just started playing this game but I have to say i love most of it I don't like its fighting engine I find that a bit difficult but that Is just my fighting style. The story looks to be great and it is a lot of fun i highly recommend it.Give it a try.
76561198001266608,Recommended,264240,9157485,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,gazzatheman,"this is a good game very short can be beaten in about 4 hours i like the interaction with the crew. it seems many conversation's you have an impact on the actual story and i like that in an rpg. There are few cons though one is it's length i heard it's short but i did not think it would be this short. This game is meant to be played as a trilogy with your save file transferd but it's actually hard to get immersed in the story with this length good rpgs as you know take many hours to develop a connection with your charcter and other charcters. proberly the worst con is a desing decsion when your low in health or have brain damage in battle the game fades out like when you watch white noise on a tv it gets unplayble it's a mass effect special effect i think in new installments it could be done more suttle. There are a few issues with background sound sometimes being louder than the voice acting and with problems with closed captioning. At launch there was a few game breaking bugs i found only two bugs playng with patch 1.1 there is a time in the game when you might have to do battle but your on a chair all you have to remember is to get off the chair it may seem simple but when i saw the game glitch out i thought the game was broken. Summing it all up this could become a very good rpg with it's same lentgh in new installments i dont think it could price wise it's ok it may be too hard to make it longer for the need of higher sale price, proberly a smother launch will help too."
,Recommended,264240,9183336,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Hawkzed,"I purchased this game after what seemed to be a large amount of patching and found almost no problems with the game apart from the alt-tab crashes, door locking issues (exiting an area that I was confined to after a npc opens the door and getting lockied behind with no way of continueing the game without reloading one of the many auto saves the game provides) and load times. The issues raised on the forums on my system seemed non-existant, even the frame rate was stable on high graphic settings. The game was engaging, well paced and adaptive if a bit short but well worth it for a £15,00 release. The backstory was vast and the character integraction almost seemless, everyone on board has a job to do and each one is believeable.The ship has plenty of unique features and it seems that there are almost no copy pasted regions (yet expected from an environment that is so small). I believe the game as well worth the money and I am eagerly awaiting a sequel."
,Recommended,264240,9191297,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,tervoknovar,"great little game, very enjoyable my only gripe is that it is a very short game, yes there are multiple paths but it doesnt make up for it, not for the price. With that said id still recomend the game as it is fun, and very unique. but at the £15 price tag i was expecting more then a few hours gameplay."
76561197997935100,Recommended,264240,9600907,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Eihort,"Quite possibly one of the best little adventure games I've ever played. It keeps you guessing and trying to figure out what exactly is going on. There are a few hiccups still with stalled scenes, odd animations from NPCs, and one small FPS drop during prep for the final sequence.I highly recommend this game and cant' wait to see the sequel. This is definately worth the money, and something you can play with someone else in the room and seeing what the different choices have on the story."
76561198027766786,Recommended,264240,10978540,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Cakeophany,"I was very intrigued by the description and trailer for Consortium. While nothing special to look at, the game has a unique visual style (though graphics aren't really my thing, I would say the game 'looks' functional but unfinished - it needs textures).Uniqueness is really the quality that carries this game. If you fancy trying something very different, give it a try.The game manages to blend the rich and involving atmosphere of, say, Deus Ex (right down to detailed news feeds and history, excerpts from books) with an original, self contained setting like Portal did (as in, a setting that is already there whether or not you have 'revealed' it through gameplay). The Stanley Parable was billed as a game about choices, if you prefer not to spend your time making banal choices, this might be preferable. Everything in the game guides the player back into its setting, which is something I find very refreshing these days. The plot itself is seamless and although the choices are obvious, the possibilities are not...However. It is well that the game relies on its atmosphere, mystery and dialogue - these form the meat of the game, with combat being a rushed and simplistic affair that fortunately only arrives in short doses.I must also gripe about the length. Though the game has great replayability, if I had any idea quite how short it is, I would never have paid £8 for it in the Steam Sales...as it stands the regular price before that was nearer to £15 and that is simply asking too much for a game that took me about two hours to play through. Replayability or not, I was hoping to be told a story and all I got was the first chapter of one.Which is annoying, since the games credits sequence is basically an advertisement for a second game. I can't help but feel Consortium was a missed opportunity, as I actually feel a little bit conned by the length and this will certainly colour my decision to buy the next installment - that said, I was *very* gripped by the plot.I think people should experience Consortium, but I couldn't honestly recommend paying the current rates for it. It felt, to be honest, like buying a demo."
76561198050865043,Recommended,264240,9988797,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,issssk,"Don't quite know about this game...it's nice and all, but not easy to get into. You're left searching your way around the plane, with little help from the game as to where you're supposed to go. Missions fail all of a sudden with no warning bc. some hidden time limit which you weren't told about ran out, people you're supposed to talk to hide in locked rooms with no way to reach them.Most annoying however is the enormous amount of talking. After a while you'll feel like you're sitting in a meeting at work...it just drags on and on and you can't interrupt it ro speed through it.I'll leave the game for now and wait till I find a walkthrough."
76561198011553969,Recommended,264240,9991381,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,markbrad,"Consortium walks a line between an adventure game and an FPS. The concept of the game is very good, and the interior of the  aircraft you're on seems well designed if not a little TARDIS like, the colours of the interior though are drab and rather monochrome, a little more attention in this department would have improve the surroundings. Little bits of random turbulence and interference in the game adds to the feeling of realisim.The game plays out a lot like a film, but you also get a feeling your not completely in control. Your actions are via dialogue with the AI characters and though you do have choices you don't really feel as if these choices will have much effect and are mostly a choice between your character looking dumb or acting like you know whats happening (when you've not got a clue). At another point I was told to surrender and holster my gun by pressing H key, I did but the AI still told me I'd regret not doing as I was told and a shoot out happening anyway.The general path of the story is good but some of the actions that occur don't feel very realistic (like simply requesting a priate lets your aircraft pass and all will be forgotten). There are other little things and snap you from being drawn in, the character eyes sometimes turn too far and show all white as well and limbs clipping objects (like gestures from arms slicing through chair arms).If there was a scale of how much potiental the devs have got with this concept it'll be 11 out of 10 but you get the feeling playing the it just missed the mark. I desperately wanted this game to draw me and at times it did but those little oddities just broke my from the depth of the game and I was just playing an adventure game again. I get the feeling I'm missing lore in the game that would improve my involvemtn but get the feeling that I'd have to invest a whole lot of time reading computer enteries to get to this level and I'd rather be playing than reading to be honest. This said thoughI hope the dev's produce a follow up to this."
76561198111676237,Recommended,264240,9066101,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,BEER BELLY,I swear Rook 3 is Cleveland's voice from Family Guy. Either that or I need to stop staying up till 6am playing video games when I get rained out for a couple of days.
76561197989591609,Recommended,264240,10048138,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Captain Slingshot,"This is definitely worth your time and money. I bought this game on sale, and I can safely say it was my flavor of the week! I haven't played an RPG with so much emphasis on decision making as this in a very long time, if ever. There are a couple times where I felt the game lacked interactivity with the environment, like not being able to pick up things that you would think should be picked up (books, trinkets etc.) but by no means is this a deal breaker.The story is facinating. I was immediately drawn into this scifi universe because it feels very alive. The weakest point of this game would probably have to be the gunplay. It's cool, it's fast, but it feels very unrefined. There were times where I was just standing in one spot holding down the fire button because the enemies spawned in the same location. Again, not a deal breaker, but you probably shouldn't expect a gunfight-stravaganza of a game.Overall, it was fun! Get it if you have the means and you love RPGs!High five to the maker of the game."
,Recommended,264240,9987319,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,facepalmstrike,"I purchased this game out of curiosity (the endless posibillities of outcomes, dialouges can change peoples opinion about you; even change or open up new alternatives), and BOY DO I LOVE IT! Let me tell you, I've never played anything like this before. The endless possibilities of outcomes to every situation is something I've never seen in a game before. The universe they have created it so convincing due to really good voice acting and background lore. The best thing about this game is the engaging and hillarious -even surprisingly- story.Sure, there are one or two bugs in this game, but noting gamebreaking at all. The team consist of only six people, give them a breake :) I suspect some of the negative reviews are a consequence of the developers releasing the game before it was polished, but now they have worked so hard to fix all reported problems; and the result is the master edition, which is totally playable.Sure, the story as of today takes 5 hours, but they will be releasing more of the story later. In the meantime you can go back and playthrough again with an toatally different excperience. I'll definately do it, and I'm the type of guy who never playes a game twice. Buy, buy, BUY!!"
,Recommended,264240,8746199,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,orionAD6,Its really really good
,Recommended,264240,8753937,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,kourkenko,"At launch it was more or less a technical mess (to be honest) and i was several times on the edge of giving up with the game. But the development team's message about their mistake was a good step in the right direction.Now the game is fully playable from the beginning to the end and it's a really good indie game.Ok it's a short experience but the whole purpose it the replaybility of the game, with a little different option in any dialogue at the beginning, you can experiment whole change in discussion or even events later.It's a really good game if you want to see your choices taken into account and have impact.the concept itself is great and now, with the patch, the game is a really enjoyable.My only complaint would probably be the fact that the game is short but the devs promised a longer sequel and since they kept their words until now(which is a rare today) i'll trust them and buy their future products day one.If you to play a game that show you the effect of any choice you make, play this one.And yes, the fact they apologized, they recognized their mistakes and they worked hard to improve their game is, in my opinion, one of the best thing i ever saw in recent years. Just do a comparison between this team and the one that made War Z... You know why i'll support them."
,Recommended,264240,15571938,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,theBrost,"Is it a great game?  I'm not sure.  All I know is that after a 4 hour play-through, where I retroactively realized that I had discovered nothing, I immediately startled another play-through, and I know after that there will be a third and probably more beyond that."
,Recommended,264240,17271364,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Legion,"It's a game that takes a concept and executes it well. The dialogue is good; replayability is decent; and your choices do matter. The game, however, provides absolutely no closure. It should be called ""Consortium: Chapter 1"" as far as I'm concerned. The game is plain short, since it covers a single day of events. Also, as other people have mentioned, the ending is a major cliff hanger. Just as you get excited about the plot the game just ends. And it's going to take some time for the developer to put the second one out.I recommend this game because I did enjoy the plot development and the dialogue but to the folks that wonder if the game's worth their money I'd say to wait until the next part comes out, just to see whether the devs live up to the expectations."
,Not Recommended,264240,8631783,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Saint Killjoy,"So I was pretty excited about this game, so much so, that it was my Birthday Gift to myself.  I read some reviews, watched some gameplay footage, watched a trailer, and it looked like a game that would be right up my alley.  Talked about it with a few friends, we all put the game on our wishlist, so it seemed like it was a game to buy, so I did.First thing I did, when I started the game, was I went to the options menu, turned the sound down, it said would you like to enable controller support, don't mind if I do, sadly only had two button presets to choose from, so I chose the one that I thought would be better for me.  I get in the game, the intro is confusing, it's very blurry, it's trying to simulate that you've had a bad hack, the upload isn't responding correctly, and it takes what feels a few minutes, of standing and doing nothing to get the game started.Game starts, short introduction with your security office, who directs you to med bay, which I spent the first 25 minutes of the game, exploring the ship to find med bay, and in the course of doing so, I would walk, with my controller, I could respond to conversations with the controller, but that's all I could do, I still needed the keyboard to interact with the environment, to tab open my inventory, and the mouse to look around, so then when you're doing all of that with the mouse and keyboard, why am I using the controller, so yeah, I stopped using the controller before I found med bay.So in med bay had the option to just be like, I'm from the past hacked into a video game, and the character I'm talking too, calls me Neo, so was kind of a funny, yet cheesy reference, but this guy, he has no personality, is very monotoned, lacks emotion, so I'm hoping, that he's either the traitor, or an android, because either way, I want the opportunity to kill him, and I just met him.So the game is suppose to be about choices, 4,000 lines of spoken dialogue, you're choices bear a reaction, no, not really, basically most of the time you have two choices, which are decent, one choice of why the hell would I ever say that, and the option to say nothing, and sometimes instead of 4 choices, you only have 3, with the option of saying nothing always being viable.  So yeah, you use the dialogue tree, and sometimes they acknowledge your input, and other times they disregard your input, as if what you said was frivolous.  It gives you the feeling like the option you picked wasn't the right choice, and next time pick the correct option Jackass.The most amusing part of the game so far, was when we discover the dead body, and the female security officer attempts to get emotional, attempts being the keywords, when really, all she is, is mad at you, and of course when you pick the option of hey, calm down, he was just a redshirt, while it was amusing to say it, yeah, you just feel her scorn all the further, and of course when they start moving the dead body, and you tell them not to disturb the body, this needs to be investigated, once again, you're just dismissed, and we're going to move the body anyway.So in revenge for being snuffed, about moving the dead body, I recycled the evidence intentionally.  They were like, why did you do that, and I was like because I felt like it, and then, oh well, no bother, whatever could be gathered was gathered when you recycled it, so it's all fine. :cfacepalm:There was a moment, where I had to choose about whether to let a crew memeber live or die, and instinctively it was, I have to save him, which within two minutes, he started speaking again, and it was, why did I save this redshirt!?!?  One of the selling points of this game was that it had tremendous voice acting, man if you call cheesey over the top Aussie impersonating, and puffy british pouting, and some guy that sounds like an android, tremendous voice acting, I mean I game with several Austrailians, it would have been like Mick Dundee coming to the party all over again, and they don't want that.Also, again, they are trying to make it evident, that you hacked in very shottiley, so the sound is sometimes static filled, the video becomes blurry, and you can fail to interact with several pieces of equipment at anytime, more annoying then going for immersion, in fact it breaks immersion, because it is so annoying.I talked to the crew, I don't feel emotionally invested in any of them, the one flirty chick is married, so where's the self destruct button on this ship, I'd like to blow it up myself.So if you were thinking about buying this game, before a sale, during a sale, after a sale, do yourself a favor, and regardless of the price, just skip it.Other then that, the brief moments of cheesy humor is the only thing saving this game, so, 2/5 stars..."
,Recommended,264240,8944398,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Yontal,it awsome so awsome so so so soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooAWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198008079951,Recommended,264240,12732793,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,KaasuJalka,"Very different game. it feels bizarre and 2001 space odessay :DDCaptivating story and real rpg elements (conversation choises, decision making etc...) highly recommended! 9/10I think game is done by using  HL2 or newer Portal 2 Source program. Animations and general athmosphere feels like them."
76561198007409592,Recommended,264240,15890518,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Ulfgar Ardo,WOW. I was not expecting this. In a very good way. What a surreal ride !
,Recommended,264240,8998024,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,jedichris816,"I have a weird graphic issue in which there is a diagnal line running from the top left of the screen to the bottom right.  Only about an hour of gameplay on record and I feel like this ""odd"" line shouldn't be there.  I'm running an nVidia 755 GTX with 2gb of dedicated memory and I have 8gb of RAM so I know it's not a hardware issue.  Hell, I run ArmA II on high settings with no hiccups.  Not sure what the problem is.  So it's annoying and makes it hard for me to want to even play the game.As far as gameplay goes...haven't made an opinion."
76561198070263597,Recommended,264240,9097259,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,TheLegend27,Good price overall for a great game. Love this game because there are some hilarious glitches that make the game 10x more fun and addicting.REALLY RECCOMEND FOR PEOPLE THAT GET BORED EASILY
76561198029099467,Recommended,264240,8730145,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Daedwax,"Best game ever? yeah that works... oh the company gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥.. hmmm... that could be... well great!Ever thought i wish i was in that great sci fi adventure movie...""Would be kewl to be that character and actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about all this!""NOW YOU CAN! and you will care!buy it! DO IT!no joke best thing since... sliced.... computer gam.... its the best idk."
,Recommended,264240,8816310,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,GuitarSlayer,"The game is Quick, often keeps you away from secondary objectives and has a ""signal"" interfearence that starts out as charming but ends as hairpullingly anoying. When damage is taken you begin to lose vision rapidly until your sound and sight are both not only useless but attacking their respected senses, the game has alot of good points in the story  but you soon realise that when it comes to actual gameplay it falls drasticly short"
76561198009903018,Recommended,264240,10962050,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Corwin86,"In short:- Really a particular and strange adventure game (for the moment, FPS and RPG ""parts"" are still... in BETA, I think, they're not very ""used"" during the game- I liked it, for the most part- Innovative, intelligent, good story, some really good ideas, some really surprises, sometimes positevely creepy, nothing to say on these, but...- ... not great graphic, pretty short game, the developers think to have created the BEST Sci-Fi Alternative Dimension story in the world (no, it's not, sorry... really not), some poor designing choices, difficult to understand how to ""play"" the game, sometimes, the base price is too high (but is worth the half: 10 $, take it for that price), I REALLY hope for a sequel (guess why... it's another !?""£% game with no end!) (At least, however, is a good game)RECAP:Really worth 10 $, more not. Look for it at that price.COULD be a really GREAT game, but, also with no major or disturbing bugs, it lacks polihing, or better... it is part ""really good"" and part ""could really be improved""I reccomend it, because is really interesting and ""different"", but not at the current full price.RATE:7,5"
,Recommended,264240,11180730,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Certifiable,"Shows promise, but feels...meh."
,Recommended,264240,8805585,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Partymaster,"After giving this game another go since the last time I've plain it when you couldn't play it for five minutes without something going wrong in terms of the game working properly this game now runs pretty smoothly. As far as the game itself It is a little confusing at first but after a few playthroughs and after understanding it, it is very interesting what you find out about the game and how many options there are to wind up getting from your choices. HOWEVER the one downfall about this game that is a huuugeeeee pet peve of mine is how short it is after waiting so long for it to be fixed to playablity. I was so excited, played it and then before I knew it, I beat it... It doesn't take that long to get through this game and if your not one for re-playability then this game is definitly not for you because it is a very short game. The only thing that can make you play this game over and over again is the desire or interest in seeing what other and how many other different outcomes you can get/ wind up with. However if that is not your style in a game then look elsewhere because this game will definitly not be for you. You will play through it extremely quickly and then after beating it, you will think that you've just wasted the worst $20 of your life and think the game is a rip off. However if re-playability in games is your style and seeing what different things you can wind up happening story wise then you'll be playing this game for hours. Following the achievements this game has helps in getting the different story outcomes and each one is unique in its own way."
,Recommended,264240,30229627,Posted: 27 February,all,Kruche ciasteczka z marmoladą,100/100
,Recommended,264240,8626436,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Prentus Moll,"i wrote a big long thumbs down review of this game before its big patch but guess what it's boss now and you should pick it up if you're an immersive sim fan. there was a big game-breaking bug for me, but now it's fixed. i'm still not really sold on the meta-game element that comes into play much more later (there's apparently some ARG you're supposed to have played that i will not because i would rather, you know, play the game), but exploring this alternate universe, learning its idiosyncrasies, and exploring the zenlil as a Space is fulfilling to me."
76561198021226205,Not Recommended,264240,14553366,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,treycox33,"Poor Ggraphics and controls, terrible and boring storyline, you have to sit through 10 minutes of dialog and then when it's time to fight.... you can't aim your wweapon and because of the poor lighting you can't see your foe.  Don't buy, doln't buy, don't buy; unless it goes on sale for  $0.99. I could not find anything to like about this game!!"
76561198057884303,Not Recommended,264240,9224662,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Ultrakick,Still a massive lags for me. Not been able to play at all.Feels like a threw away my money on this.
,Not Recommended,264240,23627080,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Rogue,"Overpromises, underdelivers. More of a visual-novel than anything."
,Not Recommended,264240,8632552,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,TwoBit,"A lot of cheeper early access games are more stable, this might have a better story, but i dont know, because i keep crashing, and getting 3 fps at the tutorial sequence.Wait and spend your money on something else."
,Not Recommended,264240,9835380,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Iseirious,"Major bugs in this game causes trouble, I have a resolution problem that causes the game to crash so I cannot run the game.not reccomended untill its properly patched."
76561198121066809,Not Recommended,264240,15587728,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,horsebrackets,Wheres the rest of the game?When you're finally done with the all tutorial stuff & starting on what would normally be the first mission. Thats where this game ends.Pretty lame.
,Recommended,264240,32636791,Posted: 22 June,all,Vulpix,"Mixed with: Telltale Choices, And Arma.Hype for the Tower."
76561198046675266,Recommended,264240,18328536,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Dustin,"A fun space puzzle game much like Mass Effect although not as action-packed.You purchase technology to travel into the future (2040) and become someones Avatar, whom is a space cadet aboard a ship containing Star Trek like people/rankings.Discovering a murder on the ship the rest of the game is you basically trying to find out who the traitor is. While still having a side story of flying to Ireland without being shot down.It's a neat game, and I would definately give it a shot if you like dialouge-influenced story and mysteries.8/10"
,Recommended,264240,8657647,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,FlatAnimeTities1402,"You know I have heard there is tons and tons of bugs, but i havent gone accross one. the graphics are not the top of line, but the voice acting is. i would recommend this game but i would wait a few monthes for it to develop."
,Not Recommended,264240,26597813,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Thorny264,"Long loading times, quite a few graphical glitches and some storybreaking glitches. Needs repeated playthroughs to complete fully and it's just tedious to play through."
,Not Recommended,264240,30068430,Posted: 20 February,all,MrShare,This Game Some BUGS and the History Is a  **** i use a giveway but the game is horrible
,Recommended,264240,8627466,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Ignus,Absolutely stunning game.
76561198048499150,Not Recommended,264240,10760050,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jamesharrytaylor,Bought for half price so only only got half ripped off. Found the game slow and tedious.....
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,264240,14024153,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Nathaniel Prime,Uses phenomenol amounts of processing power to replicate faux-retro graphics. It's kind of like playing the good old classics only it takes twenty or thirty times the computing power. It's slow and clunky and poorly designed.
76561198015284079,Recommended,264240,34750571,Posted: 4 September,all,Linejogger,Loved it.#Firewatch#MurderMystery#DeusEx
,Recommended,264240,9992605,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,TysonL,A very good game with lots of dialogue  and great replay value. Highly recommend to try this indie game out.
76561198172305450,Not Recommended,264240,29260111,Posted: 14 January,all,Lure77,No. It dosent feel like a complete game. Great idea. Bad execution.
,Recommended,264240,12331994,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,timberguy,everyone should play this game
76561197972499865,Recommended,264240,12564942,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,Very different.
76561198118536774,Not Recommended,264240,12409047,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Azza909,This Game makes no sense could not get into it I would not recommend this Game.
,Not Recommended,264240,34771769,Posted: 6 September,all,Blunt Lord,Trash
,Recommended,264240,20511733,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Dogers,"Multiple ways to play, multiple story threads - the closest thing to the original Deus Ex!"
76561198135381469,Recommended,264240,24753687,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,[EBLG] Billiam94,"I was going to wait to review this game until I played it a lot more, and I'll likely update this once I do, but I have to commend the creators of this game for essentially explaining the poor graphical quality within the lore of the game. I was starting a new game because I forgot where I was on my last playthrough on my old computer, and as I was accepting the agreement at the beginning, I notice the 'more info' button. I was too late to go back and press it, but then I decided to restart before saving and read it this time. According to the game's lore, you're essentially travelling through magical space-time internets to possess a person in an alternate reality's future (they explain it better in the game). From what I gathered, this is new and experimental technology and they are sort of saying that they don't want to (or simply aren't able to) risk using too much bandwidth. I would love it if, by the time the third game in this trilogy finally comes out, they can get better assets and create a much more immersive experience. Wow, this turned out longer than I thought it was going to.TL;DR The bad graphics are explained within the lore and I find that delightful."
,Recommended,264240,26894598,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LordiFaGeorge,Interesting sub-orbital ship murder mystery that unravels in to something else entirely. Your actions decide what happens and how others react with multiple interwoven paths and endings. I started my second playthrough immediately after finishing the first. Decent voice acting too. I'm hoping there's a sequel.
,Recommended,264240,26891641,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DevinShadowV [OBFC],At launched I was against the game but then with a few updates later and realizing that the gameplay was more towards the original Deus Ex which I haven't played that style in years. After that I was really enjoying myself with different play throughs of a somewhat short game. Even though the graphics are still meh but I do recommend playing it for it's replayable nature.
,Recommended,264240,30189778,Posted: 26 February,all,Wyrdseer,"I really enjoyed this game. I will start another play-through soon, once I play the prequel. The game play is fine, if a tad clunky at times, yet the story is well written. Which brings me to the next point; the story.From what I can tell, there was a game before this one that contained more lore for this universe. Apparently (I was told this by a game character) I would be able to make educated decisions if i had played the first installment of the series.There seemed to be an excessive amount of lore in the form of ""info terminals"" with the lore read as reports. I confess that I did not bother reading any of said material.I finished the game with more questions than answers, but the story was compelling enough to make me want to finish it. The sequel will be called ""Consortium: the Tower."" I look forward to learning the answers I Seek."
,Recommended,264240,27100226,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,knelse,"Surprisingly well-written, goes seriously meta, but almost painfully short.Hope the ""sequel"" would be at least half as good :)"
76561198287987394,Recommended,264240,30422460,Posted: 10 March,all,sundance322,I love a good Sci-Fi & the replayablity of this game. Two thumbs up. Can't wait for Part 2.
76561198084313112,Recommended,264240,29898749,Posted: 13 February,all,SegaSega2,"This game has some nice ideas, I love games where you are able to choose which one you want to help what you want to do and making decisions in general.My PC is a bit slow so I can't say how good the controls are but it felt like it would be pretty much alright.I think there was a bug with one of the missions, but again that could be part of my PC's fault.Well I enjoyed the game, it looked like you could decide on which side you are and I wouldn't mind a nice romance, if it is done right then I just really enjoy that.I write this review after a few month's when I had really played it, so I'm not to sure how much has changed till now."
,Recommended,264240,29831601,Posted: 10 February,all,Xav,"Consortium is quite a unique game. Imagine if Deus Ex and Star Trek had a baby. Do NOT play this game expecting anything from the combat other than Deus Ex without all the special abilities and augmentations (And Deus Ex's combat is nothing to brag about in itself). However this game surpasses both Deus Ex and Bioware titles like Mass Effect when it comes to the flow of the narrative. Because the narrative is so short and focused (about two hours max per playthrough) you will feel like you are in an episode of Star Trek because the story never lets up, there is no time time or break in the narrative, just pure plot while you get to know the characters over the two hours you will spend with them (or more, for additional playthroughs).You take the role of Bishop 6, a member in the Consortium whose ranks are made up like ranks on a Chess Board with everything above pawns basically being the officers. The game takes place on an airplane but absolutely feels like a Starship with crew quarters, a bridge and a ""view screen"" encounter right out of Star Trek. If you're a fan of Star Trek you can think of your place in the narrative as a sort of cross between Commander Riker and Lieutenant Worf. Being a fan of Star Trek is not required but you will find additional enjoyment in the narrative if you are.Pros:The characters, the branching storyline and the amount of voice work. The last one in particularly makes this game stand out and it is constantly taken for granted- From start to finish you go through several plot narratives and will come to expect the constant communications of officers on the crew due to the large amount voice content that is in this game, the story never stops so why should the characters. A large amount of games either fail in this regard or fail to truly take advantage of what a large amount of voice work (actually pertaining to the plot) can doThis game's weakest point is easily the combat, I honestly recommend putting the difficulty on easy and cruising through because the combat is there to represent two types of choices (Fight/Not Fight and Lethal/Non-Lethal) and it serves it's purpose for that but nobody is going to play this solely for the combat. I personally can no longer take a FPS game with guns seriously unless it has ADS (aim-down-sight) but that's just me. The ""guns"" in this game feel lousy, shoot lousy and hit lousy. The second weakest point is that if you make it to the end of the game, it will leave you wanting more (which is a good thing, and a sequel is on the way). If the developers could find a way to make this game episodic in nature and roll out content on a regular basis they would really be on to something especially with the branching storylines and character relationships involved. There are also a few bugs here and there and you will more than once catch characters ""miming"" at you like they are working a computer in thin air (could MAYBE be explained by some kind of augmented reality system... but that's a stretch)Summary:The game is cheap, if you think you might like a Bioware type RPG such as Mass Effect WITHOUT the good combat system but with an emphasis on the plot or if you like Deus Ex, get this game, beat it a few times, and join me in anticipation for the sequel at this website here.http://thetowergame.com/"
