user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,264480,9273818,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Shadowfied,"Edit: After downgrading my drivers, the game actually runs. It should still be patched so that it works with the beta drivers. The game will only open in 640x480 window mode, so I had to maximize the windowed game which results in the text being COMPLETELY illegible.This game is abyssmal. I've played 50 minutes now, and it is inexcusibly awful. Everything is inconsistent. Unacceptable and terrible sound design, loading times for EACH TINY LITTLE AREA in the game. The inventory is a complete joke and looks like it's designed in paint with textures and pictures slapped together from Google. I've recorded my 50 minutes of gameplay which contains my first impressions. Will link to them here shortly.Technical disaster.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLl6fKPidss&feature=youtu.beFor more details.First Impression / Playthrough Part 1:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_BIFQp13KkPart 2:http://youtu.be/saY_-iWSs2IPart 3:http://youtu.be/vIIXXBmKpwwPart 4:http://youtu.be/flBGuPxet9M"
,Not Recommended,264480,9274576,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,[FoX] Telfyr,"My first post > (Will not load at all, literally unplayable in its present condition. ""Blacksoul.exe has stopped working"" everytime I attempt to load the game, suggested fixes found so far have failed to work.)EDIT: To test to see if downgrading my drivers would resolve the issue, I have rolled back my drivers and the game has finally loaded without error, the driver issue is currently being looked in to by the developer and I would like to extend a thank you to the developer for the feedback towards my initial response.In saying that, I have mixed opinions on my first impressions, the overall atmosphere of the game so far is at least on the right track to what I came to expect and I do like the soundtrack to accompany this, however the immersion is soon broken by the frequent mass of loading screens between each small segment (by that I mean room by room). I currently found the best way to play the game is in cinematic view in the traditional fixed camera Resident Evil style and am more than pleased to see this in another horror game rather than the over the shoulder action cam. so that's a gold star there ! well done !On a further sidenote, the scenery and settings for the game have been rendered beautifully and really lend to the atmosphere !However the cons still out weigh the pros but not by the largest stretch I originally thought when the game wouldn't work. With some performance tweaks to reduce the frequency of loading screens, re-designing of the Inventory UI to a better standard, control scheme to possibly allow controller support and finally some extended hardware supprt to prevent further problems that I originally faced, the game has alot of potential, but at present I would say it feels more like an early access game with its issues rather than a finished product (no offense intended by saying that) and would benefit from further developement.As stated before, it does have potential and I hope the developer will have continued support and updates for this title, I am more than hopeful for further updates and will look forward to changing my opinion to ""recommended"" in the near future.Graphics: 6/10Sound: 8/10Gameplay: 6/10Control: 7/10Overall 67%"
,Not Recommended,264480,9281311,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Xeno,"(!!!DO NOT BUY!!!)The game tries to recreate the original resident evil games, but fails in almost every way.Poor texture, model and animation quality while also being very dark and almost all black and white.Controls are limiting only back, forward, aim, action, inventory and reload make's it painful walking around without being able to look around while you move. A very poor U.I the first document's you can't read the bottom line because it go's off screen and map's that were scribbled with the black pen in paint. It's poorly designed I could walk into a area with a enemies before the game gave me a weapon. And it fails to create atmosphere without any build up to the first encounter it played horror music way to loud when the first zombie appears and a minute to long after he was dead.This game is bad by mod standard's.The original resident evil game's from over 10 year's ago are way better technicly and for gameplay."
76561198141733817,Recommended,264480,16280125,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,E.P.D. Gaffney,"One of the most enjoyable games I've played in recent memory.  It is absolutely riddled with flaws but it manages to be a great game regardless of them.  If you can get used to them and treat them as 'rules' the flaws don't overcome all the love with which this game was designed, and the more work they do on the game, the more easily recommended it becomes.  The awful load times are *gone* now.  I imagine they contributed hugely to the low score on this one, but they've been fixed.No official controller support.  That's mandatory in a game like this.  I played with Xpadder but there should be integrated support already.  Xpadder needs to be run as administrator and it can still be a bit wonky.Now, who's the game meant for is people that are fans of the original Resident Evil games.  I see some Silent Hill in here as well but mainly Resident Evil.  If you're familiar with them you can tell by my Steam avatar that I'm fond of Resident Evil.  My favourites in fact.  What that means for thi game is something similar to fixed cameras, and it operates with tank controls.  Many people have criticised the controls of Resident Evil for being poor, but they're very finely tuned (besides the very first game in 1996) and carefully designed; they just take a whole lot of getting used to.  Unfortunately, Black Soul's are not a good.  The truth is it's the camera.  People are mainly thrown by the camera in Resident Evil and that's the case here.  The trouble is Resident Evil's cameras are perfectly designed (from Resident Evil 2 on; the 1996 game had abysmal cameras), so it's really a matter of getting used to them.  Black Soul's camera is not well designed.  But I got used to it.  There's an over-the-shoulder camera as well but don't play it that way, please.  Makes it boring.  Live a little and get acclimated to the regular camera.The mystery is compelling, both in gameplay and story.  Unfortunately, though the story is generally well done (despite being done nigh entirely in documents) the finale doesn't quite deliver.  Worth playing to the end, though.A huge difference between this and Resident Evil is the lack of auto-aim.  *Usually* it's not a problem, per se, but I'd have preferred a different sort of combat.  This takes far more getting used to for people not accustomed to fixed cameras, although I wish there were a lot more properly fixed camera angles, supplemented by the auto-aim of Resident Evil.  The way it's done now is a 'cinematographic' camera that follows you from a sort of weird (but workable) angle for nearly all areas where there's combat, and the fixed angles are largely reserved for non-combat areas.Combat system is lacking but combat is clearly not the focus of the game.  It works well enough, but I prefer classic Resident Evil.  A chief problem I do have with it is that if you run past a bunch of enemies, so long as they're aware of you you can't interact with any thing but doors (actually, I think you can pick up health and ammo).  This makes combat essentially necessary in many cases where I'd have just called the lift and left.My other main problem is I wish saving were a bit less exploitable.  Game's a bit too easy this way.And last is the map.  I appreciate what they were trying to do, and if you follow the map from the beginning of an area it's grand, but if you try to pick up in the middle of one of these maze-like sections you'll have some trouble.  I'm conflicted on this.If you like classic Resident Evil, get this game.  Really."
76561197971328127,Recommended,264480,17420088,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,SodaBreadGamer,"A solid old-school survival horror game. It is not a ripoff of Resident Evil, but more of a tribute to the PS1 versions. It takes many elements from classics like Resident Evil, Silent Hill, and Alone in the Dark, but is still unique enough to stand alone. It has challenging puzzles, some that will make you think for a bit, but all are logical. The combat is rough around the edges, but once you get use to it, it functions well enough. The Devs have been posting updates recently, and most of the previous complaints have been, or will be soon fixed. A very impressive effort went into this game, considering it was made by two people.Their are minor grammatical, and spelling errors, but the Devs are Italian, so it is to be expected from a non-English speaker. Nothing that affects the game in any way. The flaws are all minor, but the charm and atmosphere easily make up for it. If you are a big fan of 90s survival horror, this is a true spiritual successor to those classics. I wish the Devs the best of luck, and thank them for an amazing and enjoyable experience."
76561197976910489,Not Recommended,264480,14492728,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,EvilDastard,"BlackSoul tries to recapture the magic of those classic survival horror games from the 1990s, such as Alone in the Dark, Resident Evil and Silent Hill. Unfortunately, Blacksoul resurrects many of the flaws from that era, while leaving most of the enjoyable elements of those classicsdead and buried.The negatives? Loading screens between each... and... every... single... room... transition. Any amount of horror atmosphere BlackSoul might have otherwise had is completely ruined by the immersion-breaking load screens. The only dread I experienced while playing this game resulted from the knowledge that I'd have to stare at that loading screen again when I moved to the next room.Then we have the clunky character/camera control. The ridiculously simplistic and boring combat. The inability to 'Esc' out of various menus. The terrible sound effects, animations, lighting, and textures. The awful character models.Now, I'm generally of the opinion that good art design is more important than the latest whiz-bang graphical effects - but even in that sense, BlackSoul looks dull, flat, cheap, and uninspired.As for positives, BlackSoul does have a decently suspenseful soundtrack; music is very important in maintaining proper atmosphere in these sorts of games, and they did manage to get that right. Puzzle design, while not brilliant or innovative, is at least logical (mostly), and the game generally provides all the clues necessary to solves its puzzles without resorting to pure guesswork.Sadly, it takes much more than 'decent' music and 'okay' puzzles to make agoodsurvival horror game. I wouldn't recommend BlackSoul to even the most die-hard fan of classic survival horror.******** EDIT: 5/12/2016 ********Okay, I gave it another shot.At some point during the past year the devs patched out most of those infuriating loading screens. After giving Blacksoul another try, however, I still cannot recommend this game. While the super annoying load screens are mostly gone, Blacksoul's actual gameplay simply is not fun. At all.Now, of course, many games revolve around key collecting as a way to advance from one area to the next. But Blacksoul doesn't even try to put your key collecting activities into any sort of context. You are collecting keys and opening doors for no reason other than to find more keys and open more doors. No attempt is made to give the player any sense of urgency or purpose in any of this, and the few diaries you find here and there do very little to help in that regard.Aside from all the pointless key collecting, you'll also spend a great amount of time backtracking...and backtracking...and backtracking. Did I mention backtracking?Honestly, I kinda wish the devs had left the loading screens in. It would have kept me from delving deeper into the game and discovering just how terrible and tedious it really is."
,Recommended,264480,9328106,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,ÐĸɑʗɧX,"Black Soul is by no means a 'bad' game.Just depends on how pampered your tastes have become over the past few years.The game is really reminiscent of how survival-horror gameswereback in the late 1990's and early 2000'sI am talking about titles like: Martian Gothic Unification, Countdown Vampires, Carrier, Deep Fear, Galerians, Blue Stinger, and Alone in the Dark.. just to name a few.Not just the big polished Resident Evil and Silent Hill blockbuster killer app and remakes we've all grown accustomed to.I can totally understand why some people might be put off by a game like Black Soul. It isn't without its minor flaws and frustrations you'd expect from such a game. I personally enjoyed the 10+ hours I spent playing through it. You can tell the game developers are huge fans of genre, as a result the game plays out as a sort of love-letter to the games of that era. Black Soul had a few genuine thrills, a couple of cheap scares, an interesting epistolary story, a stellar cinematographic camera mode, and a killer soundtrack. I wish more companies, 'indie' or otherwise, would be as ambitious to create such a game.Plus, one of the final levels in the game is a recreation of an actual abandoned psychiatric hospital. I mean, How cool is that!"
,Recommended,264480,15933122,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Justin J (PuNk),"very similar to old-skool resident evil.my favorite thing is you can change the camera from old skool resident evil style like in code veronica where the camera follows you but switches at certain points, or you can make it just like resident evil 4, over the shoulder.the atmosphere is even similar to older resident evil. it has the creepy eerie feeling to it that you got when playing resident evil 1-3.the zombies look awesome and so far are traditional walkers.the graphics are to my liking, not the best graphics in the world but they work beautifully for this game.there are puzzles that are just like what you'd see in resident evil. find the knob to this door, find the key for that, what's missing here? etc.finding ammo, weapons, keys, etc are just like resident evil.if you liked the older resident evil games at all, then you will love this. or if you never played them but like survival horror games then get this.--------------------------------------------CONS:controls are easy to use, but it takes a minute to get used to. perhaps they need to add side stepping. you can turn with the mouse, and the keys WASD are to move around but A and D turn you, unlike most games, but i can already turn with the mouse, i keep using A and D to move around corners as i would in other games but keep forgetting it doesn't do what i want lol. not game breaking at all though.---------------------------------------------despite the few cons this game has it is still very fun and a great game.don't listen to any other reviewers that give this game a bad rating, they don't know what they are talking about.the game does not load in every room. the loading times are not very long.the camera isn't bad at all. etc. the game is fine as is. the game seems to run completely fine, i have not ran into any bugs or glitches yet, and the devs say they are still working on it. so buy this game and help them....and yourself.never listen to a critic and find out for yourself!!!"
76561198033394817,Recommended,264480,15888934,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,On The Run,"This game looked good to me but got mainly negative responds, so I figured out I'd buy and see for myself, specially considering the cost. Here is what I have found.Gameplay/playability: After the last update most of the annoying loading screens have been fixed, which is a good thing since it appeared to be the most annoying topic. Launcher acts weirdly at startup but then the game runs smooth. Also I had minor troubles capturing the screen when I tried streaming this game. Remapping keys is tricky, since I have found options to remap forward\backward movement, but not left\right, but as long as you don't hate WSAD you'll feel comfortable. Cinematic screen has been said to be a pain, but tracking mode makes it close to RE 4\5\6 games. Fights don't seem difficult on the highest available on first walkthrough level to me, but I think I'm just playing fine-ish. Puzzles are very appealing, require imagination but not designed to keep you at one place for ages.Visuals\style gets very high grade from me. If you price high-res textures and modern visual effects, this definitely won't work for you since technically the graphics is somewhere at resident evil 2 level. On the other hand, if you can bear that, I think overall level design is catchy and stylish, pretty well made (you don't expect to see things like lens flares in a game like this, but they are there).Sound\atmosphere is overall haunting and much better than were my expectations for it. Probably the hardest thing to compare to other games, but I think it is done pretty good.Story: I'm sorry, I haven't gone too far to make a judgment on that.Summary: This game is what it claims to be--an old-style survival horror. Those always had few issues so unless you're really willing to trash this game down for some reason I don't see any point in bringing it up, 'cause it is still more playable than most of games coming out lately. Closest game on all aspects that comes to mind is Alone in the dark 3, from recent games--Resident Evil Remastered (which loses to BlackSoul on almost every aspect in my opinion). Complete steal for it's price and one of the nicest games I've played recently."
76561198028790253,Recommended,264480,17296109,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Akinestik,"If you like classic Resident Evil games, this is for you."
,Recommended,264480,9334654,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,just got WickiD,"Reminds me of alone in the dark. I like it alot for what its worth, even though the game crashes every 10 minutes. Once fixed, i know ill have a good time with it."
76561198048974498,Not Recommended,264480,13968361,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,rjmacready,"A short while ago I wrote a review for The Evil Within, cheekily declaring it ""the best Resident Evil game since Resident Evil 4"".  Between the incredibly awkward controls (which can only be PARTIALLY remapped), interminably long and frequent load screens, chaotically uncontrollable camera angles, ridiculously overdone sound effects, and complete lack of any facial expression from our protagonist as she is bitten in the neck by a zombie in a manner SO reminiscent of Resident Evil 1 that the word ""homage"" surely wouldn't cover it in court...I guess I'm gonna have to declare this the WORST Resident Evil game since Resident Evil ANYTHING.Nice screenshots, though...and I did dig the music lifted almost wholesale from Resident Evil 2...Verdict: 3.5/10.(PS Apparently ""fixes"" are on the way, but since they were promised way back in MARCH of last year, I don't suppose we should be holding our collective breaths.  For now, I'm going to have to agree with the majority opinion that this game is presently ""unplayable"".)"
76561198018245960,Recommended,264480,9318995,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Mightywings,"Black Soul is run with the S2 engine, the same engine that ran a little game called i'm not alone. People should of known what to expect. Very simple game mechanics and loading screens. I'm not a fanboy but the dark atomosphere is great, sound is below standard but not annoying. Finally, for $7 greenbacks this is a much better game than im not alone was."
76561197960553379,Not Recommended,264480,9282623,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Gethren,"Whelp Im a sucker for survival/classic resident evil games soooo I brought the game and played for awhile now. And I can say, its very.. uhm... whats a polite way of saying this, amateurish. It looks rather poor in textures and animations aren't that great even though the lighting can be interesting at some points. (Why is there no turning-in-place animation?) I would give it a pass if the gameplay is good buuuut... the gameplay isn't good. Its very sluggish. While classic Resident Evil is tankish and sluggish, it passes cause its nicely animated and beautiful. And much of the action comes in reacting fast and carefully. Here~... Theres little to think about and hardly anything to challenge you as far as the first enemies are involved. (Unless you count the controls themselves as challenge. Why can't I look one way and move another way?) Sorry, even some of the atmosphere falls off. I shook my head at the RE1 inspired bathroom scene. (Seriously?)I can't recommend this. It plays poorly and it has very little charm to help."
,Recommended,264480,25860320,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,shunter70,"I think this game has had pretty harsh criticism.There has been a lot of criticism of poor textures, bugs and crashes, and criticism of the plot, but a number of issues have been fixed more recently.This is not a resident evil clone, it is more reminiscent of alone in the dark but also reminded me of a lesser known game called Nocturne and the Blair Witch spin-off series.  Whilst the graphics seem dated, there is a tense atmosphere throughout aided by a great soundscape and musical score.  Some of the more subtle sound effects in the indoor locations had me listening with one ear of my headphones as I thought the sound was coming from somewhere in my room.Sure the gameplay is repetitive with a very long level early on in the game that I'm sure would have put a lot of people off only for them to miss out on the more atmospheric areas.  Yes the storyline is a little samey but there are only so many stories survival horror can tell without repetition (it's not as bad story-wise as some of the more ludicrous RE plotlines recently).This is by no means a masterpiece, but considering it is a two-person team of developers this is also by no means a terrible game.  For the price it is selling at I have played much worse.  This was not meant to be a glowing endorsement, but I felt the need to have my first Steam review be in defense of what I think of as a decent game worth the money.3/5"
,Recommended,264480,18014720,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,^4W^7ar^4M^7achine,"Was excited by this title and of course the price. Even liked the controls as it is a throwback to the original Alone in the Dark, which I loved.The camera angles at times make no sense as you are seeing a perspective that you cant manuever.It has an issue with NVIDIA cards it seems. No way of adjusting graphics - so it looks like a Nintendo game. Is it meant to look bad to make the ""throwback"" convincing?Worth a look for the price - it has potential."
76561198067627641,Not Recommended,264480,13818798,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Galford,"You might be wondering why i don't recommend this game as I have 18 hours on record, well my friends, I must tell you the truth, this game is so boring I LITERALLY FELL ASLEEP TWICE while trying to play and the game kept running. Run away right now and delete this item from your wishlist or spend your money on salty crackers, it may provide more joy than buying this game."
76561198058353404,Recommended,264480,17259280,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Glastonbury Seven,10/10
,Recommended,264480,11749691,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,cameron,"if you can stomach a low budget survival horror game that harks back to older titles like silent hill or resident evil, then you're in for a weird and hellish trip."
,Not Recommended,264480,17945963,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,scxcr,"As a survival horror fan, I can't in good conscience recommend this.  Combat, regardless of the weapon or camera angle, is a clunky mess and the highly-touted story all but disappears for hours at a time so you can fight the same four zombies over and over.  You get hundreds of bullets so ammo is never an issue and the controls are so responsive that getting to the inventory sometimes requires mashing the key for it repeatedly.  On the plus side, 1600 x 900 fullscreen is actually windowed 640 x 480 and the launcher will keep running in the background even after the game's been closed until you go into task manager and shut it down manually."
,Not Recommended,264480,15529014,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Threxi0n,"This game brings shame to the entire survival horror genre. This is the reason you have to be careful when funding a game that isn't complete. The coding is clearly as abysmal as every other aspect of the game, as many higher - end rigs will struggle a lot more than they should trying to play this game smoothly. The game is hardly playable, let alone good or bad."
76561198008898384,Not Recommended,264480,15263836,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,SinisterEvil,"I ended up deleting this game off my PC. OK story but bit boringThe main character tookup 2 thirds of the screen so you could not seewhat was coming at you or what was in front of you.The tall dude used house weapons so slow that the zombies killed you pretty muchall the time. I had a wrench, 2 zombies came at me from outside and i got cornered every time and diecdue to his slow reactions.....this is why i removed the game...poor game. :(if some of these got fixed I would reinstall"
,Not Recommended,264480,9280386,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,RichardSledge,"It's one thing if a game looks like♥♥♥♥♥ but 75c GPU temp with vsync on? Yeah, no thanks.Terribly optimized engine, awful controls, mouse comes out of the screen to my second monitor while fullscreen is activatedMaybe if they deal with these bugs I'll give it a shot."
,Not Recommended,264480,20673215,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Spooky Ol' Untrustable,This is what happens when you let children make a Resident Evil game. I shot a zombie and the game crashed. Almost impressive amounts of ineptitude. 11/10
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,264480,12757039,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dustin,"This game has the same movements and scare factors as the original Resident Evil.The characters and storyline is extremely boring.Couldn't find any weapons to use, no idea how to fight zombies, wouldn't bother.1/10"
,Not Recommended,264480,9274893,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Agino,I Never Have This Problem Before But This One Those Game I Recommend Everybody To Stay Away From It The Game Have a Lot Problem The Will Not Let you Play it  Like Screen Gliths. Sometime you cant see where you going in the game . This Game Is a Lie from the clips and the pictures
