user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,264520,9836774,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Dekonega,"Moebius is an entertaining and decently good point n' click game that lacks a lot of polish. Jane Jensen's story is bit silly but interesting. Robert Holme's music is fantastic but bit repeatitive. The gameplay is little bit disappointing because of the narrow amount of choises you can make. Moebius feels like a simplified and slightly modernized version of those 90s point n' click adventure games that we all grew up with. The length of the game is around 10 to 15 hours for an average player.I liked the characters in the game and I liked the story. Althought I do have to write that Jane Jensen in past has written better material than this. There're issues with the narrative that feel stupid after you've played the game though. And even during the game you occasionally wonder why certain things had to be done in a particular way.Moebius is a fairly basic point n' click game that doesn't do anything particularly well or bad. It's like it was made following a googled tutorial on how to make a point n' click adventure game. It doesn't add anything new or even try to challenge the existing concepts.Most of the puzzles in Moebius are fairly easy to figure out. There's usually only one route to take to a puzzle and only one solution for that puzzle exists. Sometimes the solution is rather unrealistic. To avoid making Moebius a ""hidden object"" game and to add some realism into it the game doesn't allow you to pick up items or go to some places until the need to do so arises. That leads to an issue where you need to remember place of certain items you previously couldn't pick up. Occasionally there are more challenging puzzles that are well written. The main character also has infinite pockets to stuff things to which I thought was amusing.Towards the ending of the Moebius started to fell apart. For example (without spoiling anything) the player needs to fly from Washington to New York to pick alcohol from a bar the main character has contantly refused to enter into any given point of time during the game. There's nothing indicating you need to do so. I don't even understand why there couldn't be alcohol store at Washington player could enter. This is done so because main character thought that the antique item in his shop he saw earlier would still be there and that he needed to pick that up for a certain character. This is done based upon observation of that character's tastes. And so upon exiting antique store main character thought that he would also need to bring alcohol seeing the bar on other side of the street. That is some truly horrible game writing and game design in my opinion.Graphics in Moebius are decent and I like the art style. But this is probably a good point to start talking about the bugs. Moebius has lots of bugs. None of those bugs break the game and they're mostly just visual annoyances. Such as main character is able to stand on certain places he isn't supposed to be able to stand. Or certain water effects are places on surfaces where they shouldn't be. Occasionally the animations have timing problems. Sometimes there are texture related issues such as really low resolution textures. None of the visual issues are dramatically bad. It's just a sign of a lack of polish in Moebius.Music and audio is good and there are lots of nice music. However sometimes the main theme just repeats itself so much that it's the only thing you'll remember after you've played the game. This is due the fact that the main theme is also present in various tracks in a suttle ways. So even if I do like the main theme quite a bit, it became an annoyance to hear so often during the game. Sometimes there were audio tracks where the mixing had failed. Voice acting in this game is decently played out.User Interface of the Moebius is weird but it works. There are no ""verbs"" which makes the game easier to play since the game always offers only the actions you can do with various points of interest. Moebius is designed towards people who have little or no experience with point n' click adventure games. The way UI has been designed and the strong hint system in this game reflects that. I also thought it was weird that the game didn't have end results screen despite counting points in a similar manner to the classic Sierra adventure games all which have the end results screen.Technically the game works fine most of the time. But being based on top of Unity Engine has all the good things and all the issues that come with the Unity Engine. For example the game has freezing issues on certain hardware. But those can be corrected with a launch parameter. And sometimes the rendering quality is pretty bad.To sum things up, Moebius is entertaining game which is fun to play. The story is interesting but sometimes badly written. I liked the main characters and would like to see more of their adventures in the future. Moebius as a game also severely lacks polish and fine tuning. It's worth the cost but it's not outstanding game like Gabriel Knight or Gray Matter."
,Recommended,264520,11580900,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,fiftydwarves,"Do you like good games? Then this game is not for you. Do you like demented puzzles and being annoyed out of your pants? Then this game IS for you. Ironically, though, I have no doubt whether to recommend it or not - I enjoyed it, a lot. Guess it's a question of what you're looking for.If you're looking for Cesar Bittar, by jove you've found him. It is obviously a game developed solely by him without any involvement of that pesky Jane Jensen whatsoever. Or at least by Phoenix Online, and not by Pinkerton Road at all. Pay attention.If you're looking for, say, cool characters, then you should marry it - Malachi and David are amazing, and everything that concerns them is done brilliantly. From the beginning of their friendship through all the shunning of Gretchen to the pointed indifference to Amble it's downright adorable, sincere and applauds-inducing. And man, I love these straight to the point dialogues where characters are saying the most logical things that suit the situation. I can't say enough just how perfectly it is done. It was  a pure enjoyment and a crate of marbles in a world of pervasive bureaucracy and Leisure Suit Larry remakes.Unlike everything else in the game.The story? Have you heard of the world's silliness contest of '72? Where Helen Slapps was standing on one leg on a frozen turkey with a thrashing fish in her mouth and an open urn of ashes on her head, and playing a triangle? It was waaay less silly than the plot of Moebius.The puzzles? Oh, don't even start about the puzzles. When I was flying back to Chicago from New Orleans because I forgot to pack my toothbrush, that was painful. And this game made me relieve the experience. Honestly, the only good thing about them is that they're easier than the ones in The Walking Dead.The graphics? You know you have issues when you visit New York, Venice and Zurich, and the only pretty place is still a bar in New York.The music? Well, there were some niceish pieces, but nothing comparable to Gray Matter.The technical issues? I thought it's good pairing when characters are walking through one another on a regular basis.I must say, it IS a Jane Jensen's game, mainly meaning that it's amazingly written and tries to tackle metaphysical issues with a healthy dose of excitement and a pinch of old fashioned naivety. It is worth your playthrough. It's good like that. It's just you'll have to put up with its♥♥♥♥♥♥ and there're surprisingly big amounts for a game you can complete in ten hours.So there. Scratch what I said, don't marry it. It will ruin your life."
76561198034820380,Recommended,264520,21036081,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Gingergal,"Jane Jensen is a master not just with intelligent plotlines (which sadly is rare in adventure games) but is also the master of storytelling and editing.  Giving succinct but a lot of valuable information in various ways as to never be boring and, if you are like me, learn a lot while having a heap of fun at the same time.The storyline background was art history and the unfolding plot was about Moebius Theory (there are the same patterns throughout history, everything repeats itself)Your character is an antiques dealer who becomes involved with an organisation that wants his insight into a few people.  You investigate each character which have information points, once you collect all the points you solve a puzzle by comparing these character's facts with historical figures.  Along the way, we see how the Moebius Theory unfolds through him personally and the people he is investigating.Each chapter is usually in a different country, but with only about 2-3 places to visit in each country, you don't get lost and it is very easy to go back and forth via a map if you miss something, thus minimising or eliminating the need for hints (which this game does have) or a walkthrough.  There are a few puzzles but even with theobligatory maze at the endthere are logical clues.Glitches in the achievements have been fixed, they all now work.Now to the not so great:-  Artwork - sometimes is in the just OK range- The multi-step inventory, I could have done without the 'envelope' icon and just use the interactive icon when I wanted to use an item.- Main character is plain 'I want to bonk him in the head' annoying.He does improve a bit as gameplay progresses but not quickly enough to care about what happens to him till near the end, where there is a redeemable characteristic.  In Gabriel Knight the main character was a sexist pig at times but he also was a lovable rogue.  Sherlock Holmes was very loyal and really nice to people he found interesting.  House M.D over time, was very loyal and cared in his own way to people in his life.  This game isn't long enough to develop a ""House"" type character.Overall I loved it, preferring the storyline and plot over GK and Grey Matter.  Maybe if Jensen had more unlimited funding it would have been a longer more involved game in every way than GK and even Contradiction.   But, it's still a really good game, good puzzles, great plot, dialogue and well worth playing.  I really recommend it."
76561198040488599,Recommended,264520,14314310,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,takezo689,"7/10Although the puzzles were all rather easy, the story was intriguing enough to play to the end. It’s not as bad as many of the reviewers make it sound.I want to address a few point I’ve seen in some reviews:-This is not as good as Gabriel Knight.Yes, we all love the GK series, but let’s not forget you had to put tape on a fence to get cat hairs to make into a moustache. Moebius is not GK, it’s different. Both have good and bad points, but it’s unfair to compare a current game with your memory of how good another game was.-Malachi is not likeable.He’s human. If you stopped to consider his character and what he has been through and seen, it’s easy to see how he became “not likeable.” I didn’t find this a hindrance to the game at all. More importantly, his character evolves over the course of the game, which is lacking in many games.-Animations/graphics/character models suck.They aren’t Final Fantasy graphics, but they serve their purpose. They’re obviously much better than GK3 graphics, and everyone loved that game. Yes, smoother graphics would’ve been nice, but it’s not game-breaking.-The game is buggy.There were some bugs. They recently released a patch which was supposed to fix many of them. The bugs I encountered weren’t game breaking; just skipped animations. But personally, I feel that bugs in an adventure game are less forgiving than other genres. You don’t want to feel like “maybe I can’t solve this puzzle because there’s a bug.” So minus points on this lack of polish.Now on to the positives:+ The story was interesting, and I liked how you had to make connections with historical people. The game (like all of Jensen’s) was well researched and I felt that I came out of the game with new ideas or thoughts, which is more than can be said of many games.+ The puzzles were a bit on the easy side, and some were illogical (or just time wasters) but for the most part, they made sense.I know I spent more time addressing negatives than adding positives, but overall, I thought the game was good. Not superb, but not half as bad as a lot of the reviews made it sound. There was nothing really ground-breaking with the game, but the story was strong enough to make it worth playing."
76561198023019965,Recommended,264520,22018001,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Pablo,"This is the latest game(2014)  from Jane Jensen, creator of the Gabriel Knight series, a classic sierra's adventure game made in the 90s. She made very interesting puzzles at the time, and some terrible ones, but the end result always won.Now, she comes back with a kickstarter project that begun in 2012 and came up in 2014, this time working independent, with little money of course, and a new small team of game devs called Phoenix online.The truth be told, when i first tried the game, the first impression was pretty shocking, and not in a good way... Of course this is a small team working, with a tiny budget, but still there are some things that can't be justified just because having little money. What i mean is, the first impression was bad, and yes, i am talking about the graphics first, because that's one of the first things that you take from a game, but its not the only thing, also the game was bad (aparently) meaning the puzzles, and even the main character was bad, alltough this could be atributed to his akward way of walking (little joke there).The thing is, the game starts to make some sense some time around the end of the third chapter (almost half of the whole game). The story starts to come around, there's this theory of moebius, of the pattern and these special persons (no spoilers here) and then the main character starts to develop, he becomes more interesting, he's having weird dreams and visions and it somehow relates to what is hapenning in the main story. The great music of Robert Holmes (creator of the gabriel knight soundtrack) comes in full force here, like in old times having some great moments, specially during the revelation moments. The puzzles, about analizing patterns and people starts to emerge  and it's something interesting to try and adds to the game. The graphics, still ugly, get somehow much more better, in terms of finishing and polish. It's like the game almost changes around the second half, and then you arrive at the last part of the game and all that diminishes somehow and you encounter the same problems, and the samethings from the first half.And that's the problem, right there, a double problem. First, you have no consistency. Because , i liked this game (in parts) , meaning at first i didn't like it, then yes, and then no. So, it's like i've been playing two different games in one. So you have great elements, interesting story, great music, some interesting puzzles, but not at first, and not at the end, so when the game starts you don't really want to play it that much, then if you have patience you reach the good part, and then...in the end, you are left with a bad impression, again.The second problem with this game is that, ive played it because i like (and knew) about past jane jensen's adventures, and i know what she is able to do in a game, and that's why i even continued playing this one after the start (and i did get my reward, i like this game) but if i didn't knew jane jensen was behind it i've probably wouldn't have tried it, and i don't see how people who are new to her would get interested in an adventure like this.It's a shame because i love adventure games, and i want to see the genre succeed (and it is coming back in these last years) but not with games like this. The genre has to move forward, have great production values have great game mechanics, be modern, be fun to everybody, played by everybody, not only hardcore adventure gamers (without stop being and adventure game), like for example the Sherlock Holmes games by frogwares.I liked Moebius, but i don't think it will appeal to people outside those who played old adventures games  (you can try fellow newcomer, but , you are warned)It's a shame also, because to be honest, this game's story has great potential, and i see why jane jensen would like to continue it. In fact, her previous adventure game from 2010, Gray matter, didn't have as good a story as this , and funnily enough, that game had better graphics than this one. But Moebius has in fact a greater a story, one that it has certain moments that are more close in spirit to the 90s era with gabriel knight. Even the music is more close to the Gabriel knight series.I have to say, in the end i liked moebius better than Gray matter. Moebius is a better game because it has heart in it, and it is more a jane jensen game than gray matter will ever be.I can't recommend this game to everybody, but i like it, and that's why the positive thumbs up calification.I would say that, from 2014, this was possibly the best story for and adventure game. but not the best game by far.(see my other reviews for the best adventure from 2014)"
,Recommended,264520,10045935,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Nikki,"I bought this game right after finishing Cognition (highly recommended). Contrary to other reviewers, I quite liked the character of Malachi and his exaggerated British accent, and I found his relationship with David surprising - in a good way. I felt I learned a bit about genuine historical figures through his pattern-seeking puzzles which is a plus. It wasn't as challenging as Cognition and it only took me 9 hours to complete. I also wasn't a huge fan of the short chapter format but all in all I would definitely recommend this game, once it goes on sale!"
,Recommended,264520,10662778,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,|$m0k!n|-4HUD-,"After playing the demo and catching up through reviews I decided to wait until the price of the game dropped and it just did that a few days ago.Everything you can read about the game in negative reviews is true, but unless you have a very limited and narrowminded view, it will likely not be as true for you. The 'strained' relationship between the two main characters can easily be explained with a bit of human insight.This game really starts off on the wrong foot. Everything, but the characters, looks nice and it takes quite awhile to get used to the poor lip syncing, wandering eyes, animations and pauses, but once you are past that it's quite entertaining and chuckle worthy on occassion. The puzzles are generally pretty straightforward and even though you can't pick up anything before you actually need it, which is a really bad design choice imo, it isn't really that interruptive to gameplay, which can also be alleviated by using the location travel from the toolbar and movement in areas by the double-clicking teleportation.I had to turn off music (volume down) after 10 minutes, because it was giving me a headache. I recommend using space a lot to highlight points of interest - I didn't do that in the beginning and I missed an item and was stuck for an hour. The hint system is pretty useless, completely unlike the spectacularly userfriendly one from Broken Sword: The Serpents Curse. I only got one analysis wrong (Caroline Aflfonse) and had to check online for mismatches, because I was dead sure about some mismatches, which wasn't shared by game logic.I spend around 25 hours on this game due to some mistakes, that ""interrupted the pattern"" followed by clicking on the wrong button (I clicked on Load and realized that the game had made no autosaves, no progress saves and that I generally had forgotten to save any games beyond the intermissions) and the game also crashed on me once. ""Retry"" is the key to use and saving in general is a good idea, unless you like repetitious gaming.I would rate this game 7/10, because of bad design choices, poor lip syncing, wandering eyes, weird movements, annoying pauses, jittery animations and a general lack of polish. Had those things been fixed I would have rated it about 8.5/10, because despite the glaring faults it's actually a pretty good game with some interesting new points of Adventure and story-telling."
76561198087244826,Not Recommended,264520,13555702,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Tozobi,"Would have loved being able to recommend this game. The plot is interesting(though not stellar). The puzzles are acceptable. I can overlook the early 2000 animations. I can overlook some of the control issues. But playing for a bit and then encountering a game breaking bug (the same one described in:http://steamcommunity.com/app/264520/discussions/0/617321352093942871/Sorry, that is simply not acceptable. This game has been out for months. Having a bug that pretty much ends your playthrough there and then is acceptable if the game is just out. Not if the game has been out for months.Had I paid the full price for this one, I would be fuming.As it is, I can only advise you to stay far, far away, unless ALL bugs have been resolved. When that happens, this game will likely be OK."
,Not Recommended,264520,13849705,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,dholm,The current version is extremely buggy and it is impossible to finish the game as it freezes at several points.  The developer has released save games to get you past the broken parts but you will miss out on much of the story and there are bugs not covered by these saves.  Don't buy this game until at least the next update!
,Recommended,264520,22041577,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,UnrealDelusion,"While the story of this game isn't anywhere near Jane Jensen at her best compared to her other games it's still a good story and intruiging enough to keep you going till the end.Graphically the game is fine, neither good nor bad, it gets the job done. Music is by Robert Holmes so you know it's gonna be good.The puzzles are interisting although a bit on the very easy side of the spectrum which means you won't have much trouble progressing through the game which is either bad or good depending on the views of the player.All in all I do recommend this game if you like adventure games."
76561197961321428,Recommended,264520,10032648,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,StGeorge,"Excellent game if you can get over the poor animations (and you should). This is a very small team that managed to duplicate the quality of GK3 (warts and all) with about 1/5th the budget. The story is fantastic and Malachi's voice actor was brilliant. I am supporting this game because I want this studio to succeed and Jane Jensen to continue making new adventure games - the quality will improve as evidenced in the GK 2.0 trailers where walking has been fixed. It would be nice if they spent the extra 2-3 weeks to fix some of the glaring animation issues, but if you want a good fun story - buy and play this game!"
,Recommended,264520,9878876,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,jamie havok,"I just finished this game and thouroughly enjoyed it! Yes i had to get past the usual stuff you have to get past with one of these games, graphics aren't that great, horrible animation and a bit buggy.. though its not as buggy as phoenix online previos game cognition, only a few glitches here and there like the mouse cursor disapearing for a moment or one such part of the game where i couldnt get it to leave a close up!The puzzles are fairly simplistic and its fairly linear with only 1 problem to solve at a time usually... but i played the original Broken Sword again recently and was struck just how linear that was also!I'm not that great at adventure games but i didnt really get stuck. Some people have comented that the game is too short, but it took me a good 15 hours to finish with hints disabled and no walkthroughs, i can only imagine people who finioshed it quickly were using hints or walkthroughs or just rushing the game. 15 hours to me is about average to above averaege for one of these games.I really enjoyed the storyline, someone said it felt unfinished but without giving anything away i thought it was all wraped up at the end and felt satisfied with the ending.I look forward to the Gabriel Knight remake!"
76561198022750630,Not Recommended,264520,25118176,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,michael_kuerbis,"Moebius: Empire Rising is a classic PnC-adventure.Good:Story: The story of Moebius is pretty decent overall.Voice acting: The voice acting, is solid, I have nothing to criticize here.Bad:Gameplay:You can die in this adventure game. But considering that there is neither autosave nor checkpoints this was a bad design decision.There is a game mechanic that lets you analyze characters (and sometimes objects). This mechanic is supposed to give you clues. But often those analyses can only be solved by guessing, so it creates just as many problems as it solves.Often you can pick up objects only after some event. Therefore you have to explore the locations multiple times, which is rather annoying.Bugs:A variety of bugs make the game pretty annoying. The game also freezes quite often and crashes sometimes.Graphics: Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear. Prerendered backgrounds might have been acceptable ten years ago, but not anymore. The 3D character models aren't great either.However, the biggest problems are the animations. They are not only ugly and hideous. Moebius has managed to reach a new low that I did not even know existed: sometimes the animations fail to make their point and communicate something completely different than intended, like making characters look evil or surprised when they are clearly not. The eyes are completely mishandled, instead the characters move their noses all the times when talking!I want to make the animators watch WALL-E: Most facial expression comes from the eyes, the nose has almost nothing to express at all.The only way I could endure the game was by permanently focussing my eyes on the subtitles.Recommendation: Find a walkthrough on Youtube, but don't look at it, just let the audio play in the background."
,Recommended,264520,19936132,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,mkchrc14,"I am always on the lookout for the latest point and click adventure, so after reading the description I jumped at the chance to play this game.The plot is inspired by the Moebius theory in which time forms a loop with events repeating however in this game it is not events that repeat it is a person's biography, his/her life pattern. (Not to be confused with reincarnation where it is the actual person that is born again not just his/her story). Example: Mozart's bio goes something like this; wrote his first piece before the age of ten, marries at age twenty, has two children, lives the life of a pauper, and dies in his mid thirties unexpectedly of an acute infection. Now in the present time Malachi Rector (the main character) will attempt through his extensive knowledge of history and observation skills to find the one person that could fit that profile. He is hired by a top secret organization to do just that.( It isn't Mozart but the bios are of people you as the player would recognize).Some of the characters might not be likable but all are interesting especially Malachi. I am reminded of a certain late nineteenth century character a flawed but brilliant private detective. It is David his bodyguard that gives Malachi a touch of humanity or should I say a bit of compassion for David is everything Malachi is not,There were times when I got frustrated because some of the solutions  to the puzzles didn't follow a logical and  intuitive conclusion. In fact there was one solution I felt was down right ridiculus.Definitely thought and care were invested in the graphics department.I give this game a rating of 7/10 it isn't the best point and click I have experienced, but certainly not the worst. I bought this game while it was on sale so I feel I got what I paid for."
,Recommended,264520,13048837,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Koe Halifax,"I love this game.  I'm particularly partial to discovery games, point and click games, RPG games, and puzzle games and this was all of those.  I was a little apprehensive about Malachi's character but I promise he grows on you and you get really attached to him.I'm also pretty into the idea that these characters aren't really straight, which shows a variety that most games avoid if they can.  I also appreciated the supernatural aspect which was completely unexpected.  I also got a bit of watson and sherlock vibe from our 2 main characters (and i don't mean the bisexual or gay part I mean their dynamic).I would definitely reccomend this game to everyone.  Have fun!!  I'm hoping to god for a sequel."
76561197989976905,Recommended,264520,10078100,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,EliOli,"I was dissapointed with the graphics in this game, but the game itself was a solid Jane Jensen affair.  Was it one of her better games?  No.  I would have likes to see the themes in this game fleshed out a bit morel.  It did feel like there should have been more to it.  It was enjoyable for me though."
76561197961292249,Not Recommended,264520,11391218,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Johan,"One of the worst adventure games I've played.Terrible, terrible music. Bad sound effects. Unprofessional voice acting. Much too short. Final chapter revolves around clicking your way through 60 caves, all animated with the same 4 bad backgrounds. Did the budget run out?Do not get this game, even if it is on sale.Hurts to say this, considering I love Jane Jensen's work in general, and both Gabriel Knight and Gray Matter are favorites of mine."
,Not Recommended,264520,33824137,Posted: 26 July,all,Leonhard Euler,"Not as enjoyable to me as Cognition (a similar adventure game by same devs).The characters are much less likable, the story is less enjoyable, and the endingwas lackluster (I was expecting some epic time and space interdimensional showdown, not ""ok hostages rescued good jorb."").And one gameplay mechanism really irked me: you're not allowed to pick up anything until you've interacted with the puzzle that requires it.e.g.: See an oil can in the middle of the road, try to pick it up, ""I have no use for that now."" Several screens later, see some rusty gears, go back to oil can, try to pick it up, ""I have no use for that now."" Go back to rusty gears, rub Malichi's ♥♥♥♥ing face in them, try to turn them, ""hmm, if only I had some oil."" Go back to oil can, try to pick it up, ""aha, I can use this oil on the gears!"".Another gameplay aspect that was unenjoyable was the find-a-historical-match guessing game that you're repeatedly forced to play, that feels more like it belongs in an edutainment title like Where in Time is Carmen Sandiego."
76561198084658109,Recommended,264520,20236683,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SimontheLionHearted,"I enjoyed the story, the music, everything.If Jane Jensen is even vaguely connected buy it.The Bad? Some needless back and forth to get items Icould have picked up earlier and a few software glitches.With Steam sales all over the place this game is well worth the $ or $7 I spent on it."
76561198137613733,Recommended,264520,30635623,Posted: 20 March,all,kgutzman,"I loved this game.  Definitely old school adventure game.  May not be the best game in this genre or not as good as Gabriel Knight, but I thought it was entertaining and good, nonetheless.  I refuse to nit pick this game because I miss this style of games.  Not enough of them are made anymore.  Therefore I appreciate it when one is made and will not be picky about reviewing it.  The game was fun, not too easy but not impossible, the plot was enjoyable, the characters were likeable and played well, the look of the game was nice, and gameplay was easy to understand.  I'd like to see more from Moebius or at least more from this style of gaming."
,Recommended,264520,24424186,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,hisbrokenbutterfly,"This could have been a fantastic game - and to some high degree, it is. It has many positive elements that make it stand out and be a great gaming experience, which is why I am definitely recommending it anyway. Coming from the team that created the Gabriel Knight series, this was more or less expected.The characters are good, the plot is good. There is variety in settings and puzzles, there are some really nice dialogues,  beautiful ambience and gorgeous music throughout. The main hero travels to several parts of the world, after accepting a complicated mission that involves several riddles. While at it, he meets an ally, who seems to be connected to him in more than one ways. Their relationship is extremely interesting, and in particular when interwoven with the - imaginary but very well-developed - theory that runs through the story. Said theory brings together influential people from the past and specific individuals from the contemporary world. The parts where you have to examine several characters and match them with those historical personalities are wonderful.Like in all purely Adventure games, you have to do lots of research, talk to people, carry out sub-missions, combine info and reach conclusions. You also have to collect important items and use them when necessary so as to move on. All this is very well-organized, although some of the dialogues, especially with people that do not play crucial part of the plot, may feel sometimes like they drag out too long.On the technical side, the characters (especially the main hero) seem to have a bit of awkward movement, but personally I didn't mind this much because it didn't affect the gameplay in any way. There are a few really serious issues however that make the game frustrating without reason and lower its overall quality.There is one puzzle at some point that you have to solve; it is based on cryptology and you are supposed to figure out the various options, rule out those that do not fit and solve the puzzle with the one option that is suitable. All this is OK when you play the game for the first time, but what about when you want to replay it? You have to go through the whole chore again, even though you already know which is the correct option and answer. You have to search again, find all the options, rule them out and stick with the correct one. As if this wasn't enough, if you try to use directly the correct option, the game locks the puzzle and you can neither reset it nor cancel it. The only solution is to use a previous save, assuming you have one.Personally I found this issue extremely serious for a game of this class. A game designer should always keep in mind that their game may have replay value for a player; and if a player goes through a game for a second or third time, they already know what to do and they should be given the option to do just that. I have played lots of games of various genres and this is the first time that I come across such a situation.Some other time, I had to search a sleeping character. I searched him and exited the activity screen. It turned out then I hadn't searched him enough so I was missing an item. I tried to search him again, but it was impossible. Again the puzzle was locked and I had to reload. I don't know if this was an actual technical glitch or if it was designed that way on purpose so as to frustrate the player, but if it was the latter, it succeeded.On another occasion you are in Washington, visiting a woman in her apartment, and you have to take some info from her. To make her talk, you have to flirt with her in various ways, and part of the process is bring her whiskey as gift. And what do you have to do? Fly back to Manhattan, because Washington obviously has no bars, buy a bottle from the bar opposite the hero's office, then take the plane and return to Washington. Oh, and if you try to buy the whiskey beforehand (ie, before flying to Washington in the first place), you are unable to. I know it's a game and realism is not exactly necessary, but some things are just too much.Despite all this, I did enjoy the game and liked it a lot, although I am not very much into this genre. There is enough mystery and intrigue to keep you interested, and there are a few pretty intense situations that you will surely remember for a long time."
76561197982546144,Recommended,264520,13048503,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,kickflipperau,If you're into old point and click adventure games you should enjoy this.
76561198071390745,Not Recommended,264520,10025266,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Kat,"As a longtime adventure gamer and fan of Jane Jensen, I am a bit disappointed in the game. Maybe it was the budget, yeIf you are a devoted fan of adventure game, buy it. If not, there are other better choices like Grey Matter, Secret Files 1-2 and the Blackwell series. Many people complained about the 3 D animation, but the weakest point of the game is that it fails to get you really involved in the story. Overall, taking into account the slow animation, the game is much shorter that it should be.Pros:beautiful backdropsinteresting story, with the historical refences and the analysis systemthe bromance between the main charactersthe musicConsmost important, the feeling of superficiality when creating the supporting characters and subplots.the puzzles are generally boring and  meant only to advance the story, they have no real spark in them.tedious slow movement of the characters"
,Recommended,264520,28280588,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,RosePlayedThis,"I'll buck the trend and say I did like the game, and I would recommend it...I get what the other reviewers are saying, especially with the technical issues. I suppose there is a sexist element or two, too, but it's still not enough to destroy the story for me.Unlike others, I liked Malachi, the main character. I sort of liked the secondary character, albeit less strongly. I thought the characterisation on these two, especially Malachi, was quite strong. The story, too, was original.The concept and story were good, and in terms of creativity, I liked the ""brain"" function - analysing people before speaking to them. That especially was interesting and innovative.Graphics? I liked that aspect. And I don't play adventures for the graphics, anyway.Difficulty? Not too hard, actually. Mostly very intuitive.My rating? An enjoyable 7.25/10. I liked it marginally more than Gray Matter, a lot more than some more forgettable games, but not as much as certain classics of the genre. It's no Gabriel Knight, but it's still very enjoyable."
76561198048495716,Recommended,264520,9968194,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,adam_beals,"I really enjoyed this game.  The main character, Malachi was different than most adventure game heroes, at first he was stiff and almost unlikeable but he grew on me.  Actually he reminded me of myself at times. You also play as David, a muscular action hero type.  The settings that the game took you to were nicely done and varied.  The music and voices were well done too.  There were a few graphical glitches here and there, but nothing to worry about.  No game is perfect.  So far my favorite game of 2014!"
76561198025101663,Recommended,264520,12764115,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,smbenson,"I loved this game.  The characters are interesting, the puzzles fit the story, good writing. There are a couple of glitches but nothing too frustrating.   Good and refreshing point and click adventure.   Yes, there are a few plot points which are nonsensical - as another review mentioned, flying to NY to get a bottle of whisky, for example - but I didn't think it was gamebreaking,  Some of the game mechanics are really cool, like using Malachi's attention for details to get a read on people before you talk to them:  you put together their various tells and figure out how they tick.I really wish there were more games like this, and am hoping for a sequel."
,Recommended,264520,10289448,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,-/EDF/-Sarge,"I really enjoyed Moebius: Empire Rising and it's certainly one of the best adventures I've recently played. It's got a very interesting story with two sympathetic protagonists. The puzzles aren't really that hard, but not too simple either. The only negative point are the animations which are really awful - thanks to the story and overall atmosphere you can ignore this though.If you're looking for an adventure focusing on the narrative and the plot this one's for you!"
,Recommended,264520,11064663,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Lereley,"Moebius: Empire Rising is nothing revolutionary. It's typical point & click with puzzles thrown in. Yet for some reason it is a game I come back to and replay again and again solely because of the story. It's corny and not neccesarily that well put together but still keeps me entertained and pulls me in for hours and hours.Not everyones cup of tea but if you can ignore some bugs, glitches and a story you shouldn't really think too hard about, then you should give this one a go."
76561198016648153,Recommended,264520,12850378,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Morgana,"Wow!I haven't enjoyed an adventure game this much since the first Broken Sword!Thrilling, interesting story, that will keep you engaged until the last second.(I especially enjoyed the personal analysis bits.)Do yourself a favor and buy it :)"
,Recommended,264520,10156724,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,[AU/MERC] Frater NLST,"This game is not without its issues - primarily technical, which have been covered at length in other reviews. Yes, the animation leaves a lot to be desired, there are noticeably long pauses waiting for an action sometimes, and the lip syncing makes the characters look somewhat scary at times...However, despite all that, I don't just recommend this game for adventure fans, I wholeheartedly recommend it!It's strange to me that so many reviews on here have panned the story and the puzzles in this game. The puzzles weren't overly difficult, but I didn't feel they were bland either. They matched the tone of the game, never felt forced or shoehorned in, and were quite fun.Perhaps, as a fan of the fantastic, I have less problems with the primary conceit of the story (the Moebius idea), and as a history buff I found the idea far more intriguing than a lot of people might. What I can say is that it's the first adventure game in a long time that has held me glued to the screen until I finished the entire thing.The mystery is intriguing, the main character is surpringly likeable given his personality, and he comes across very much like a modern day sherlock holmes. In fact, the little analysis puzzles that pop up through the game attached to people or objects give the game the best ""sherlockian"" feel of any game i've played - including the sherlock holmes games themselves.Overall, highly recommended."
76561198035921421,Recommended,264520,9832578,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,tamtu,"Enjoyable game with an interesting historical mechanic, good story and atmosphere (mainly the first half or so). It's not without problems, the ending in particular felt a bit underwhelming, but overall it was very enjoyable. Recommended."
,Recommended,264520,9834270,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,eastmanblues,Good Puzzle Point in Click like the old school Sierra titles
76561198042451225,Recommended,264520,9862801,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,SirCaustico,"Esoteric mistery adventures are generaly my favorite sort of game theme, and as such I thouroughly enjoyed Moebius.The few nags resulting from a low budgeted production will definitely not damper any of the enjoyment for lovers of this genre."
76561198079381919,Recommended,264520,14172283,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,mikeydsc,"Good story and varied locations, add in some decent puzzles that arent mind blowing difficult, add in a socially ackward main character who has some internal problems of his own and then to top it off he learns hes a player from the past in a large web of intrigue and you get Moebius. Its a good game that takes off after the first chapter."
,Recommended,264520,20603226,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,plsegivemeabreak,BRILLIANT ADVENTURE GAME THOROUGHLY ENJOYED IT
76561198057871746,Recommended,264520,20616667,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,bluegreen2810,"I loved this sarcastic, cultured, and intelligent game.  Sure the characters move poorly, but the voice acting is top notch.  The puzzles were imaginative, not too hard.  Most enjoyable game style for me."
76561198098122791,Not Recommended,264520,12988551,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Wotan1483,"It's not that I didn't have fun playing Moebius, I did, it just isn't a very good overall experience. Malachi is a terrible, paper-thin character, the kind of guy Grace Nakimura (from Gabriel Knight, ostensibly this game's spiritual predecessor) would dump after a single date. The historical, Carmen Sandiego stuff was really fun, but it's been crammed, rather than woven into the story. The music is forgettable. The phone is cumbersome.Moebius is basically a bad, sometimes pretty Gabriel Knight without Gabriel Knight.Don't do it. Jane Jensen is gonna keep doing better things. Skip this."
76561198060417190,Recommended,264520,11575210,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Schorsch_G,"nice graphics, easy to understand voices - clear english. too bad it crashed in capter 2 :-("
76561198274566778,Recommended,264520,29478283,Posted: 25 January,all,honeycat555,"8/10 , enjoyable point n cick. Relaxing with good story."
76561197970695202,Not Recommended,264520,13479527,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,dhark01,The mac version is bug ridden and It's sad that I can't go on in chapter 3...It would have been a great game and story...
76561197969390554,Recommended,264520,29111337,Posted: 8 January,all,Anton,great game and story. a classic mouse and click game.
,Not Recommended,264520,12252023,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,"Initially enjoyed it. It was interesting and my kind of setup to a story, then it got uninteresting halfway through with unlikable characters and mixed plot points. The story was really going nowhere. I didn't mind seeing the ending really, but I am sure that wouldn't have given me closure. Of course, I don't just choose not to see the ending but an adventure game curse fell on me. Yes, I call it that because they only exist in point and click adventure game. Rant Over. Regret my purchase.2/10"
76561198087827835,Recommended,264520,12856637,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,tammyrosestretton,This is a great game.
,Not Recommended,264520,17011244,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,♥ Mrs. Wow ♥,"Please.... i just want that whole 16 hours of my life back. It needs more stabbings, so you can stab all the characters and also some rainbows would nice. I managed to glitch my way from chapter 5 onwards. Also if someone could mod this game and make his name Mr ♥♥♥♥♥♥ i would forever be thankful. Oh and did i mention needs more stabbings."
76561197994133943,Recommended,264520,9831320,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Pound0fFlesh,Simply Amazing.
76561198239234230,Recommended,264520,33325249,Posted: 6 July,all,yoannphoenix,"A game where  you have to use your brain, logic, and common sense as weapon and not an arsenal of guns, grenades and rockets. Captivating game,  storie line and graphic.My only disapointment , there is  to many questions not answered at the end of the game. Baxter  interested in Moebius?  Malochi  new name? etc."
76561198067070400,Not Recommended,264520,35493776,Posted: 5 October,all,lalaphin,"Stupid story line, seeking a supporting queen for a stupid young emperor and to MAKE AMERICAN GREAT AGAIN, are you ****ing serious? Unbelievably much worse than other titles by Jean Jensen."
