user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198025703374,Recommended,264710,19970811,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Brent,"Everyone talks about how it's early access, bugs, blah blah blah. If you're reading this review, you know about all that. I recently realized I am a huge fan of survival sandbox games, and I have played quite a few in the last months.  Here is my personal impression of this one.Graphics are incredible. I know everyone has said this, but it needs repeating. On the lowest settings, it still looks awesome! Some clipping and such, but it never really bothered me much.It's very fluid (no pun intended) to get into it. I agree with most other reviews that recommend no using guides and such and just jump into the deep water (pun intended) and learn to swim on your own. It's a very friendly interface that gives just enough explanation to make you feel like you can do it on your own, but not enough to make it boring.Edit: I forgot the most important part (to me at least.) The metabolism for food in this game is very nice. In plenty of other games like this you have to eat every two minutes or face death from starvation. In this game, keeping hydrated is the issue. While this is rather ironic while being surrounded by water, it makes a lot more sense. I get away with eating once every day or two depending on my activity. Dehydration keeps me drinking daily, but not constantly. Considering dehydration kills you faster than starvation, I feel this is the most realistic representation I have seen in one of these games thus far.Here is what any new player needs to know:Expect it will hurt you until you prove to yourself that it can't.Explore. Even the dark and scary areas. They usually have the best loot.Storage cubes cannot be used indoors (as of the writing of this review.)Predators are everywhere and you are not one of them. If it can eat you, it will.If it can eat you, it's usually in a scary area.You WILL get snuck up on and jumpscared.Give it at least an hour before you start looking up stuff online, and once you do, do it very sparingly. Discovery is an awesome feature to this game and the more you have to figure out, the more valuable this game will be."
,Recommended,264710,21312699,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Bloodgroove,"After 41 hours, I feel like I'm ready to say my piece about this game.  It's important to specify that I'm playing in survival mode where you have to constantly worry about food and water.  The game will be very different depending on which mode you play, because in the sandbox mode you can freely build and explore without every having to stop what you're doing to gather nourishment.  In hardcore, you have to be extra careful, because once you die you have to start over.  At this point, I'm glad I did not pick hardcore, because there are ways you can die that just aren't forseeable.  There also occasional bug in the game which results in your death, like the all too common diving reel malfunctions.First Impressions:This game is amazing.  That can be, and is, said about many games.  But there is nothing like Subnautica.  I had been waiting for 19 years, ever since playing the crap out of the incredibly immersive, fun, but ultimately flawed Sub Culture.  Finally, we have a game that surpasses Sub Culture in every aspect except the storyline.  With that said, Subnautica has flaws.The Bad:In all it's glory, there are a few nags, some of which make the game increasingly difficult as you get further into the game.  First, I'm going to get it out of the way that there is a startup bug that made me almost request a refund even before getting into the game. Subnautica doesn't always start, because the game menu screen frequently refuses to fully load.  This is probably some sort of GPU initialization issue that prevents the graphics from displaying properly.  In any event, I have to exit out of the game and restart it in Window mode to get the game to finish loading at all.Also, The learning curve is very steep.  There are no instructions for anything, and the information given on any device in the crafting menus tell you nothing worthwhile about what stuff does.  There are some basic descriptions, but they're very poor.  For example the current generator says it generates current.  When I started playing I had no idea what I would want to create a current for.The third thing is the max depth of the in game vehicles.  There is much debate about the actual depth of the game.  Some say it goes on forever.  Others have quoted that the game crashes out at 60,000 meters.  Some have said 20,000 meters.  Others have said there is a secret world in the greatest depths, which sounds pretty epic.  In any event.  The ocean goes deeper than I feel comfortable thinking about.  The problem here lies in the fact that the vehicles seem to have a max depth of 200 meters.  (I've since found the Cyclops can go to approximately 900 meters at the expense of power efficiency.  I believe the Seamoth can also go to a comparable depth.)Fourth, the hunger and thirst meters drop far too quickly.  This seems nitpicky when you consider I did pick the survival mode, but the problem with this system is that you have to spend hunger and thirst to find food that becomes increasily more difficult to find as the game goes on.  As a result, you might find yourself spending almost half your time gathering food and supplies to make water.  Which leads me to the next problem in the game.Fifth, scarcity of food and supplies for making water.  At first, everything is plentiful and readily available.  Salt, while a challenge to find when you don't know what you're looking for, seems to respawn readily and limitlessly.  Coral, while seemingly limitless at first, begins to disappear rapidly after many hours of gameplay.  Moreover, I have seen no indication that it respawns.Food, which pretty much comes from the natural fish stocks, can disappear amazingly fast from an area.  After 41 hours of gaming, I have effectively cleared all of the initial shallows of the ocean, plus the surrounding depths of fish.  It's amazing how fast they diminish.  The only solution seems to be to put respawning, or faster reproduction, of the fish in the game.  I have not seen any indication that the fish respawn at all, which seems clear by some of the dead zones I have in my current save.  There are some pretty heated debates about this in the discussion groups.  Naysayers claim the supplies are unlimited, and all you have to do is look further.  My answer to that is that you begin to spend a lot more thirst and food meter, energy, and other resources to find food.Because of this there is a rapidly diminishing return on the value of food and water in the game.  The devs claim it causes people to explore more.  I'm not satisfied with that response, because the reality is this:  if people have no motivation to explore.  If they just stick to the shallows and eat and drink, they aren't going to have the attention span to stick with the game for the long term anyway. Apparently, a fix is being tested in the experimental mode, but it's coming all too slow to a stable build.Sixth, and my final gripe, and this is definitely as glaring as the fifth, scarcity of resources.  Copper, Quartz, Acid Mushrooms are plentiful at first, but become ridiculously difficult to come by as the game goes on.  Quartz is practically used in everything, because you need it for glass and rubber, which you need for building and making Power Cells to power your vehicles.  Each Power Cell takes a vast amount of resources, which would not be as much of a problem if they didn't deplete so rapidly.  Even with the power efficiency mod only a small expedition can use 6 power cells and leave you scrambling for resources.  Many users have defaulted to the same argument they have given to the food shortage problem, that there's plenty in the depths.  The problem is that it takes more and more energy, food, and water to farm this stuff.  You end up trapped in a cycle of more and more rapidly diminishing marginal utility on all of your resources.  This really need to be fixed or users will basically be driven out of their own game by scarcity.Both of the last two problems have people vehemently defending the current scarcity, with the argument that resources are scarce in real life.  I would like to point out, however, that one person alone in a wilderness does not leave vast expanses of land void of any life.  Certainly these rich biomes should be able to support just one person.  Also, if the player were able to hunt for shellfish and crustaceans in the game, diversity of foods might help lower depletion rates.  The player should be able to find oysters and dig for clams.The Good:Based on my criticisms, some might get the idea that I don't like the game.  That couldn't be more wrong.  Subnautica is, hands down, simply the best underwater game ever made.  There's no competition.  The environment is rich, full of wonder, and among the most immersive games I've ever played.  The world is packed full of fascinating creatures, beautiful vegetation, and unparalleled undersea effects.  The graphics are complimented by some of the most incredible sound you could possibly imagine.  All of it adds up to a game that makes you feel like you're living rather than playing.It's one of those games that comes along and really changes things forever, at least among those who have played it.  In my opinion, the game hasn't gotten nearly the recognition it deserves.  The amount of stuff you can do in this game, and the painstaking attention to detail are mindblowing.  Those are things I hope never change with Subnautica.  Many early access games are dumbed down in later iterations.  Unknown Worlds Entertainment seems to have a good attitude about adding new features instead of taking them out, like some other developers of early access releases have done in the past.  I just hope they maintain the trend.Subnautica is an oustanding game, worth its price about three times over.  It comes with my highest recommendation. In it's current state, I would give Subnautica a 9/10."
76561198018687727,Recommended,264710,29774443,Posted: 7 February,all,T26OG,AMAZING GAME!  I bought this to Fund Multiplayer :-P we should make a startup for these guys to get a bigger team and make the game CO-OP!  Who's with me?!
76561198079092828,Recommended,264710,23445905,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,R I P T I D E,"There is no other game like this on steam and once you begin to play you'll never be able to stop. Beautiful immersive world that sucks you in with its bright colors and delightful sounds then scares the crap out of you with its shaped teethed creatures who may or may not swollow you whole. Hunt for teasure and loot, discover the mystery behind the crash and the missing crew, explore the vast ocean from friendly cheerful coral reefs of the Safe shallows to the dark deep underwater caves of the Blood Kelp and the Jelly Shroom caves. Make your own underwater base and set up your new home on the alien world. Grow underwater crops inside and outside your base, make a aquarium and collect or breed fish for food or jus to keep them as pets and much much more.Has active devs that give the game tiny updates about once a month so you never have to wait half a year or more to get new content and a very nice and helpful  steam community.To put it simply this is the best undersea adventure you'll ever have."
,Recommended,264710,22434042,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,melon,"This is why I love this game:I remember starting up minecraft for the first time, when I was 13 years old. Everything felt exciting and scary but interesting, I forgot everything around me and was immersed in the world for hours on end.No other game gave me that same level of immersion, that same feeling of wonder, for years.  Until this game came a long, right from the first minute I was transported back into the mindset of a 13 year old kid, exploring and learning in awe.So I wholeheartedly would suggest subnautica."
,Recommended,264710,32729212,Posted: 24 June,all,i only go backwards,"NO WORDS...this game has got the graphics on point, aswell as a rollercoster of emotion to get into the mood and the music oh the music is fantastic sounding so perfect for the situation you could get in to where your own heart starts racing and the music just adds to it. All in all for a early access game its in line with a complete game.Why are you even reading? Get the game already!!!"
76561197999053076,Recommended,264710,21860875,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,RemoraDFC,"After being interested in what I saw on steam, I followed this up with some gamer reviews on Youtube.Several notable game reviewers and let's play's later I was hooked.Right off the bat, most basic functions were intuitive.Movement was the standard WASD, I quicly figured out TAB opened my PDA, etc...Off I went.  Nearly drowning myself within a minute.A few minutes later I got too close to something that didn't agree with my presence.A few minutes after that I realised I needed some food.And so my adventures in survival began.Since then I made several mistakes in base design or venturing too far.I still remember the time I stranded myself in my seamoth(minisub) at about 600 meters, at night and my sub ran out of power.  I wont repeat the word I said.But that is the sort of situation which captivates and maintains my enjoyment.  You trully are responsible for your survival.  Once you get a hang for how things go, you can quickly get a base going within 10 minutes.  Have a minisub in less than an hour.  But it is not a race.  It is a sandbox experience to enjoy in all its beauty and depth.  (pun)As the game progresses you must venture away from the safety of shallow waters for materials.The revamped Day/Night cycle and newer water graphics are breathtaking.  Nighttime is both visually beautiful and terrifying.  Daytime can be deceptively safe by comparison.I eagerly await each major update and new content the developers add.  Each time, I cannot resist diving deep into subnautica.  I hope you all enjoy it as much as I have so far.Highly recommended, especially for what it will cost.  If still unsure, give youtube a look.Happy gaming!"
76561198034019076,Recommended,264710,21058763,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Raptros the Paladin,"-Start Game-Graphics are nice. Water is nice. Colors are nice. Game looks nice.-Justkeepswimming-Start getting hungry, catch fish and eat them.-Exploring. Hey look, kelp.-See big white fish approach me. Curious.-It opens it's mouth-DANGER WILL ROBINSON-Throw fish from inventory to distract it.-It eats fish and leaves. Relief is felt.-White fish comes back. Uh oh...-It has something in it's mouth.-Drops it at my feet. It's metal...-Me and the fish have a standing agrement now. I feed it and it gives me metal11/10 would make fish friends again."
76561197990154744,Recommended,264710,16851328,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Cougarific,"No Game Does *Exploration* Survival Like SubnauticaThere are buttloads of Survival games to choose from - okay this is *underwater* Survival but the survival aspects are nothing new - eat, drink, heal.Where Subnautica excels is in the exploration.  There's no in-game map so even when you've been in an area many times before, you're still going to find that little cave or tunnel you've never seen before, and inside it?  A new lifeform or plant you've never seen before!But Exploration is only fun in a gaming sense when there's some danger involved, right?  Okay, take your pick: aggressive sea creatures, aggressive plants, or suffocation.So you're pushing out into an area you've never been to before right?  You've just upgraded your air tanks so you've got 100 seconds of oxygen.  You start your dive....still can't see the bottom...hearing extremely creepy sounds coming from the depths...passing the tops of the Creepvines now....70 seconds of oxygen...you can see the bottom now...why is the sand all stirred up down there?....let's investigate...are those giant mushrooms...glowing?...50 seconds left...WOW LITHIUM!!! I need that material...what's that sound...GAH A SANDSHARK HIDING JUST UNDER THE SAND!!!...THAT'S WHY IT WAS ALL STIRRED UP! RUN AWAY!!!...Okay 40 seconds left...let's head back to the surface...crap how deep did I dive?...""Warning, 30 seconds of oxygen remaining""...but I can see sunlight...pop my emergency inflatable...""Emergency, 10 seconds of oxygen remaining""...it's all good I'm gonna make it...CRAP! BLEEDER ATTACK!!! GET OFF GET OFF GET OFF!!!...3 seconds left...surface...o sweet oxygen!...Now I've got another 100 seconds of oxygen...let's head back down...Amazing game.  Gonna create a whole new genre of *Exploration* Survival."
,Recommended,264710,28238110,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,SYSTEM GLITCH,"So this is what happens when good devs make a single player survival game. Amazing. I've put in 90 hours in one week, and  my only regret is my bodies weakness for sleep and food.My game started to lag real bad around 10 hours in. I learned about deleting CellsCache and CompiledOctreesCache and most of my lag problems were solved. I repeat the process every 5 hours or so, depending on how much exploring I do (cumulative exploration makes this worse for some reason). This created an unintentional side effect of resource nodes respawning and my base is now glorious and full of beautiful windows:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=813958077For anyone who loves survival, and especially anyone who prefers solo survival, this game is for you. The future is bright, Development is still in full bloom, and it already feels like a complete game.Buy it!PS: Forgot to mention the sound and music guys score top marks. Incredibly immersive in both respects."
76561198048087396,Recommended,264710,14295642,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,thylsoft,"As a marine biologist, I think the creators of this game should get an award only for their beautiful ideas of marine xenobiotic life. I hope for more and more interesting new lifeforms to get invented, because it keeps me hooked on researching and disovering the game. Maybe it would be possible to program some npc-interactions in order to make the artificial environment more alive. If you need some ideas about that or for general scientific questions just feel free to contact me.The game itself is at a good stage for an early alpha and one can see the continously work of the programers. The graphics are beautiful and the game is fluently playable. The implanted bug-report-system is quite helpful and keeps the development close to the community. I think this is another milestone in game-developing they have made. I just hope the development of the game will not be dropped after finishing the beta....This game has the potential of becoming a real milestone in game history if it is treated right. Just imagine all the possibilities... Thumbs up and keep up with this good work! :-)"
,Recommended,264710,32724718,Posted: 24 June,all,jimbotherisenclown,"This game is everything an Early Access game should be. The developers communicate clearly, listen to feedback, and have a clear plan in mind for the game that doesn't involve the game staying in Early Access until the end of time.If you like the idea of exploring underwater or alien environments, this game is perfect for you. Base building is addictive and intuitive. Creature design is amazing. Resources are spaced out well enough to give a good reason to explore. The only real issue is that the game has (as of the last time I played, which was several updates ago) severe issues with lag and slow-down once the save file gets too large, but the developers are active enough that I'm confident that will be fixed by full release."
,Recommended,264710,24496195,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Divi Filius,"""Oh that's pretty!""""What the hell is that?""""That place looks scary, I ain't going down there.""""WHY DID I SUDDENLY LOSE HEALTH?""""WHAT THE FG#$@#&*(@  IS THAT?""-Quotes you will find yourself saying when you play Subnautica.  One of the best survival/exploration games currently on Steam with an active development team.Pros:>Beautifully detailed ocean world, ranging from shallow reefs to deep dark scary underground ravines brimming with alien life. Sound design is brilliant albeit can be refined in certain places.>Awesome base customisation options, letting you assemble your own underwater base from a list of parts which you can add to via research. You can build add interior decorations such as aquariums and fill them with fish and plants you found, furniture, bulkhead doors and many more which I won't spoil. You also have to build means of producing power in order to power your base.>Research fragments scattered through the world force you to get out of your comfort zone and descend into the depths in search of new technologies to research. This ties in great to the exploration mechanic. I mentioned that Subnautica is one of the best exploration games I've ever played. I actually am quite afraid of what's lying in the depths of the world's oceans and this game honestly gave me a sense of fear that you don't usually get in these types of games.>Pretty awesome databank on all the life forms you've encountered and scanned with your research scanner. I eagerly await this feature to be implemented further.>Some downright incredible creature designs. Scary sharks on crack, big octopi with translucent heads. MAKE MORE SPOOKY CREATURES! The person(s) who designed the sea creatures and monsters deserves a pat on the back and an expensive chocolate cake for their work.>Surprisingly easy inventory management. I was not a fan of the inventory system at first, but got used to it pretty quickly. Instead of dragging items from one screen to another, the game does it for you and puts each item together. It saves you the trouble of looking through bogged down chests, dropping and dragging items.>Simple crafting. As long as it's in your inventory you can craft it. The crafting system is simple yet effective. Open up the fabricator, select what you want to craft and it'll do it for you. At this present time there really isn't really anything technical that you can craft. Craftable items like the Cyclops just require a healthy quantity of expensive crafting items. I hope they add more technical crafting in the future.Cons:>A rather unintuitive base building mechanic, similar in some ways to the old Rust or Unturned where you have to move your character around until the base part snaps into position. It can be frustrating, especially with parts like the Scanner Room.>Unrefined combat makes it difficult for you to actually hit any vile sea-demon that's following you. Generally you'll get hit first and manage to land a single hit on their body as they swim away. Without the stasis rifle it's really not that great.>Nothing to do. Once you build the Cyclops, go on the Aurora and explore the deepest dankest depths you're basically done. I know the Devs have some glorious things planned and I really hope they implement them soon. Furthermore, it sucks to admit that Subnautica (in its present state) doesn't have much replay value. I will admit that my first playthrough took me roughly 10 hours to complete (That's getting all the blueprints, building the Cyclops, going on the Aurora etc.) After that, I really was not compelled to start again.Overall, Subnautica is a game with massive potential. It's come a long way yet it has an even longer way to go. I really can't wait to see what the developers have in store for Subnautica, and what the final game will look like.  In its present state it earns an easy 7/10. A lack of content and some bugs and glitches here and there bring's the game's score down, but some grease can easily bring this to a 9/10."
,Recommended,264710,15011205,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Elate,"I have been burned by early access. Developers that spurn their own customers, and games that become vapourware.On that note, I've been in a chat room, actively chatting to the developers and other players over the weekend, having only bought it on Saturday. I've never seen a dev team more engrossed in their own player base, from helping people with crash problems, to taking on board suggestions, to talking about planned features, they're completely open. There are stable releases every few weeks, and (three times a day) experimental developer builds to keep folks sated. I can without a doubt say that this game is made with passion, and as such, I think it'll go far.The game itself? In its current state, it is highly enjoyable as an exploration game. I'm rarely one to enjoy a purely scenic experience, but with the sound design and asthetics, more often than not, I found myself just buildng a base somewhere pretty and pressing my face to the glass. There isn't a huge amount to do at the moment, collect resources, build the mini-sub, and larger submarine, build a base (though without much to put in it yet), considering this only came out on steam 4 months ago though, it's coming along at break neck speeds, and is astoundingly polished already.I was worried I'd spend 2 hours and experience everything and be done with it, now I'm having to pull myself away less I spend another 5 hours today swimming around petting carnivorous fish."
,Recommended,264710,23207609,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,shadow,"after 1500+ hours of playtime, finally got around to review this gemprosbeautiful graphicslarge open world mapa large variety of craftable/obtainable itemsupdated often with new featuresbuilt-in bug reportingvr supportpretty well optimizedmulti-language support (7 languages currently supported)consno multiplayer (yet?)a little buggy (expected since early access)some jumpscares8/1010/10 with multiplayerVery enjoyable singe player survival experience, would be even better with multiplayer.I'd recommend it if you're kind of bored of the normal survival games, and want something new"
,Recommended,264710,31998061,Posted: 27 May,all,Erwin,"BIG ADVICE:  DO NOT LOOK AT THE MAP THAT'S UPLOADED ON THE INTERNET, IT WILL COMPLETELY RUIN THE EXPIRIENCE.That is all I can say, if you don't do this then the game is an immense expirience that will leave you wanting for more every time you exit the game.  There is so much to explore and find. It's definitely worth picking up!I did the mistake and looked at the map after like 10hours of playtime to find the hidden entrance of one of the secrets I was aware of.THIS COMPLETELY KILLED THE IMMERSION AND THE GAME. I now know the entire map and it pulled almost the entire excitement out of it."
76561198021490004,Recommended,264710,14759633,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Kezza,First off this is a great game you just need to look at a lot of other reviews to know that so I wont go into all of that in depth.I have spent a lot of time travelling around this game and have gotten lost a few times which cause most of my deaths while I haven't spent much time in survival I preferred to go with Freedom mode (no food or water needs) and there is a lot more to discover with a lot of potential.Pros:- Great Graphics- Great Music- Great design of flora and fauna (I haven't encountered it all and I have encountered some weird things)- Game mod options- Simple crafting system and easy to use.- Nice vehicles and I cannot wait to see more- Underwater Bases (coming soon and look amazing)- Land (Yes you read that right and I know it's all about the underwater but there is land out there and yes you can go on there and your helmet comes off and you do actually walk on it. However there isn't much to do on it) Getting there is the hard but I needed the Cyclops to get there.Cons:- Some resources are damn hard to find.- The map can a bit small with vast empty areas although there are some things out there.- Same map every time- No Tutorial (having to figure all this stuff out can be hard for a new comer and I had to go to the internet to find the materials I required)- Predators can be a little too easy to fight and avoid.- No BIG sea monsters (I wanted to see a massive sea monster a creature that rules the oceans there might be one thing that qualifies but I am yet to see it)- There is no progression in some sort of story which I would love to see cause while I love this planet but it gets lonely.- A few bugs are around (there is no edge to the map and I once encountered a hole and I got to about 2K down in depth before my sub finally ran out of power)Suggestions:- Start building a colony (it was your mission after all)- Have more to do on the land- More vicious predators (I feel like I want to be stalked by a predator every now and again)FINAL SCORE8/10It is in need of more content but all in all it is a great game that has so many options for expanding and I will look forward to seeing it all. I hope so see the closest thing the a sentient species on this planet and the possibility of alien technology (You cannot be the other race to crash here)
76561198071212238,Recommended,264710,24854745,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Doug,"Has a lot more ""depth"" than No Mans Sky. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198039621871,Recommended,264710,19924774,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Ahn,"This is a fantastic game. It has had some amazing upgrades since the beginning of its early access, demonstrating that the devs are invested in the completion of this game.Not sure if you want to buy it?- When you start Subnautica you begin in a futuristic survival dingy. The graphics are somewhat cartoony, but in a way that's easy on the eyes. This is tempered toward a more serious tone. The water effects are amazing. If you've ever gone scubadiving or serious snorling this game's going to bring some strong nostalgia.- The main objectives of the game are not here yet. 2015. Updates are frequent though. Several a month or just one big one per month.- Right now, the things you'll be doing are gathering resources and building things.1This is far from the boredom of most survival games. The things you can build are truly unique. There's also a lot of advantage to building a base besides storage. The devs listen to what we've asked for and a lot of module components to be bases have been given that are purely to allow you more aesthetic and functionality options that look incredible. No grunge here. This game gives you sleek, clean, and beautiful everything.2Modules. This is a big part of Subnautica. As you advance in your understanding of resource gathering and building various architecture you'll find yourself coming upon "" fragments "". These things are debris from your crashed ship that can be analyzed using a specialized device. After the analysis is complete you'll be able to build more advanced bases, submaurines, and components to your everything.3Wild life. Recently a bunch of new wild life has been added to the game that are rather awesome. The wildlife was already awesome, but now as you explore you're much more conscious of just where you are.4Conscious of your environment. This game is the first to make me very conscious of the different environments I'm in. Lighting changes dramatically depending on a number of circumstances, but altogether the effects are such that you begin to realize you must develop a strong presence of mind. Sometimes it is oxygen that is a real challenge. Sometimes electricity is the greater struggle.In short, if you're into survival games and you aren't playing this you're smoking the wrong stuff."
,Recommended,264710,34209868,Posted: 13 August,all,Volendrung,Is it early access? Yes.Are there bugs? Yes.Do I have Thalassophobia? Yes.Do I get nervous when playing a video game that involves being in large bodies of water? Yes.WAS THE $20 I SPENT WORTH IT JUST SO I COULD SCAN CARNIVOROUS LIFE 100 TIMES MY SIZE?HELL YES IT WAS!
76561198195497722,Recommended,264710,19382446,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,MageCat,"One of the main things I find most interesting about this game, is the fact that you are practically at the bottom of the food chain. In most survival games players usually have the advantage of being able to craft weapons for killing off an enemy, just not in this game. In Subnautica, you have practically NO means to kill or harm predators, and this alien planet is teeming with all sorts of things that want nothing more than to pick your bones. Beng human on earth, we take comfort in the knowlege that we are the #1 predator. Now let us put a human in an alien ocean that is filled with massive marine predators that have no true enemies. That combined with a lack of weapons gives players an insight on what it feels like to be prey.Pros of subnautica. great open-world environment. easy to follow plot. great diversity of creatures. atmoshperic environments. realistic graphics (in experimental). tests player's ability to manage resources. non-offensive survivalCons of Subnautica. can get boring in between updates. loading screen may take some time. some pcs are not compatable with this game. (currently) plant and animal resources do not regenerate. there are some texture bugsI still would like to give this game a YES to those who enjoy survival, crafting, aliens, underwater, and open-world games. Please keep in mind that this game has a lot that needs to be added and fixed. Subnautica has a lot of potential, and I look forward to seeing the final product."
,Recommended,264710,28396131,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,crippknottick,"Super awesome game with not only tons of potential, but tons of potential already realized.For those with performance issues try this:In your Steam library right-click Subnautica, select Properties, on the first tab open the Set Launch Options, type or copy paste without the quotes: ""-window-mode exclusive"", save and launch.That will fix the severe FPS/stuttering on not only this game, but any modern Unity based game."
76561198211522920,Recommended,264710,17186441,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,gooey-kablooie,"Subnautica is an absolutely beautiful game. Even though it is still in early access, the developers have done a very nice job with what is available as of yet. The fact that the game constantly encourages you to report bugs (which so far are pretty rare, surprisingly) allows me to trust that this game is only going to get better. Not only that, but some of the features/creatures that are planned for future updates (check out the Subnautica Wikia to see what I mean), have got me absolutely giddy.The good:-I love survival games, and while I would probably enjoy most of the popular survival games available on Steam, Subnautica managed to really stick out for me. Subnautica takes place (98% of the time) submerged underwater, which is really a brilliantly fresh approach to a survival game.-Subnautica takes place on an alien planet, full of fascinating life forms. This really appeals to me, probably because I've always been a huge fan of games such as Pikmin (Gamecube), that are stocked full of unfamiliar biologies. The creatures in Subnautica aren't too cheesy though, esspecially the larger ones... The larger one's are either stunningly magnificent and/or terrifying.-The environment is beautiful, and yet equally eerie. There are multiple biomes that make up the planet of Subnautica, and each biome has a unique ecosystem for the player to discover. Some of these biomes are cut-off from early game becuase of how deep they are, meaning that you have to craft things such as a spare oxygen tank or even a submarine to reach.-Instead of being able to eventually upgrade your character to fight off the larger-scale hostile creature(s), Subnautica currently has a bit of realism to it. Of course you're not going to try and fight off a giant angry serpent with claws pertruding from it's face. Any normal human is going to NOPE the ♥♥♥♥ out, which brings a bit of a horror-feel to it. (Currently there is really only one creature that is like this, but the developers are working on animating new creatures that are way larger, and/or waaay more terrifying)-With the above said, the player is able to fight off most hostile creatures as they are smaller and more practically killable. Still, even these creatures tend to attack out of no-where which gives a nice element of surprise.-There is plenty to craft and it's not exceedingly annoying to do so, either. Instead of being stranded with just the clothes on your back, the player is left with some advanced technologies left over from the ship-wreck that allow you to craft complex things (such as a battery or high-tech machineries) out of basic materials found in the ocean.-Also, underwater bases. Currently the bases you can make are pretty simple. On the exterior, they are basically just tubes with the option of adding windows, but I've seen pictures of bases some people have made in the Experimental Mode that look amazing, so it's appearant that bases with much more complexity will be brought in soon.The bad:-Not much to be said here honestly. I guess one thing I would like to see is a better indication of a hostile creature losing health. Maybe not a health-bar, but something. I find myself having to continuosly knife things that may have been dead a while ago. I mean, I know they aren't going to drop to the ground because they are underwater, but it would be nice if there were some sort of death animation.-Also, another thing that bothered me during one of my playthroughs is the radiation. The ship that you ejected yourself from before the start of the game explodes pretty early in the game which causes a huge radiation leakage in the surrounding waters. A few of my playthroughs this wasn't a problem, and you can craft a radiation suit and even stop the radiation leakage altogether with the proper equipment, but in one particular playthrough the radiation instantly surrounded my escape-pod before I even had a means to craft a radiation suit or build a new base. I'm not sure if this was intended, as it seemed to be a one-time occurence for me.Other than that this game has been great thus far. I even feel as though this is going to be one of those games that I will obsess about. If you like survival games, but are bored of fending off wolves or zombies, this is a great alternative and I would recommend it to anybody.Can't wait for the final product. :)"
,Recommended,264710,14893246,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,BabyBlue,"Fun game, but after 3-4h of playtime there isnt much left to do, but explore. I see much potential in this game!What i hope most for is 2-p co-op! there is 2 seats in the lifepod! MAKE IT HAPPEN!! :D"
,Recommended,264710,23596978,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,XxistenzZ,"great game, be better with co-op or multiplayer"
,Recommended,264710,22349764,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Roscoe,Since when did early access games stop being garbage?
,Recommended,264710,14845435,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,influenZa,"This game is horrible... why is it horrible??? Because of this game I can't sleep at night, why cant I sleep at night you say??? Because all I can think about is how fun this game is and I can't wait to play it again tomorrow. So thanks Devs of Subnautica!!!!Lets be honest people... there are some bugs Iv'e noticed while playing, but that's extremely normal for such a new game, Just look at it this way, the more people who buy this game and support Subnautica the better it will become in the future. Just make sure to ""F8"" and report any bugs or glitches you may find, and help this team of four out. I almost never recommend games unless they grab my attention, and Subnautica did.PRO: - Graphics are beautiful, its almost as if you crashed your ship on the avatar planet Pandora. The sea life is creative and like nothing you have seen before.- Exploration never gets boring! The sea floor is huge and would take forever to explore every inch of it. And It's only growing larger with future updates with more unique animals and biomes- My computer is a potato and yet i can still run this game smoothly with around 80 frames.- The crafting system is fair and reasonable and even the biggest NOOB can understand how to use it.- Music is awesome, from peaceful to ""OMG THERE'S SOMETHING BEHIND ME!!!!""CON: - A few minor bugs from here to there.I seriously recommend this game, and I will assure you that you won't regret it.WARNING: May cause happiness and a permanent smile."
76561198072548125,Recommended,264710,25221941,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sunshine Tom,"This game is genuinely terrifying.Not jump scare terrifying.Not blood and gore terrifying.No, this game triggers fear in me on a primal level. Something mammalian buried deep within me that I didn't even know I had. The immersion and the feeling of being underwater in Subnautica can be very real, and the pitch black depths quite daunting."
,Recommended,264710,31920784,Posted: 23 May,all,Brigandor,"After many hours of watching gameplays, I finally bought the game.Let me tell you this; It's an amazing game for the price.Pros;- Graphically beautiful- Easy commands- Doesn't need a beast (I'm running it on a 660ti, high settings with *Major* no lag)- Hard. (Do it on survival, if not it's pointless)- Scary. (♥♥♥♥ing Reapers)- Good music (Not amazing, but enjoyable)Cons;- Not finished* (Obvisouly, what are you expecting?)- Long (Lots of back and forth)- Hard. (Depending on who you are, might be a good thing)- Solo OnlyI would suggest it to anyone who loves a good base building game.If you are afraid of deep waters, maybe it's not for you though."
,Recommended,264710,19322332,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Audish,"Subnautica casts you as the lone survivor of a colony mission, stranded on a faraway ocean planet. It being Early Access means there's no real story or goal here other than survival, but there's plenty to see and do as you putter around the seas. Your escape pod has a basic crafting device and some storage to serve as a home base, so your first steps will be scavenging materials off the ocean floor and building essentials like knives, flippers, oxygen tanks, and food. Basic recipes for these things appear by default in the crafting interface, and more appear as you find new materials, so it pays to grab at least one of everything. There are a few hangups in the crafting progression, like figuring out how to make lubricant or finding enough silver to break into advanced crafting, but on the whole it's clearer and more engaging than most crafting systems.One major draw of the game is the ability to build undersea bases, and thankfully that's one of the first things you can do. Basic building components generally require only the most common materials, so you can have your own sealab up and running within 15 minutes if you know what you're doing. They're very much worth building, too, because you can set up water purifiers, submarine docks, storage systems, and a couple cosmetic options like aquariums and picture frames that display your screenshots. There's some kind of structural integrity system I don't get yet that limits how big you can build them, but I've seen screenshots of sprawling underwater complexes so there must be a lot more to it.The progression seems to be to build a base, build an analyzer to get new blueprints from the wreckage you find, and then build vehicles to let you travel further. The map is not procedurally generated but it is huge, with many different environments to explore. Alien sealife is extremely varied and serves as one of the ways to limit you, as it can be hard to tell what's hazardous, and you'll need components from the wildlife too. Parts of the ocean are also irradiated from your ship's crash, so that's another gate to overcome. Even after three hours I've only explored a tiny section of the ocean, but that's included coral tube caves, seaweed forests, an abyss filled with glowing polyps and quartz, and an actual island with some very unpleasant inhabitants.If you can't tell from the screenshots, the game is gorgeous. Despite being an alpha, everything that's been put in the game is extremely polished, with only a few placeholders for item pickups that I've noticed so far. The flora and fauna are very well animated, though fish can get hung up on geometry pretty regularly. The sea floor is actually deformable, both through your base construction and just digging through sand, and I've found a few hidden caves that way. Movement is swift and responsive, the interface is clean, and the sound design is on point. There's not a ton to do besides build bases and submarines and explore the ocean, but there's a lot of ocean to explore, and Subnautica is built well enough to make it a very, very fun journey."
,Recommended,264710,20635772,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Rictus,"Yes. Just Yes.This is the perfect example of what an EA title can achieve when it isn't wasting resources trying to be an MMO during development.If you enjoy playing survival games, and can appreciate the atmosphere\setting of being stranded alone on an ocean planet - I highly recommend you pick this little beauty up.The scavenging and crafting system is unique and fantastic to use. No remembering recipes - you are a technologically advanced humanoid - blueprint database and fabricator for you from day 0! (This doesnt make it easier btw)In order to survive and progress, you must scavenge the resources available to you - sand, rocks, minerals, metal scrap (from your crash landed ship) aquatic fauna & flora etc.You must eat & drink to survive, and this is done by hunting the local fauna. Be careful though - not all are harmless!Certain ""fish"" will allow you to fabricate different resources. For example the bladder fish allows the extraction of drinking water when returned to the fabrication systems. Other fauna grant a certain amount food, as well as either an increase or decrease in thirst depending on the species.Once you have established a method of staying alive, its time to build your submerged base and really start exploring the massive ocean & underwater cave systems.Better resources are often at greater depths, meaning you must equip yourself with enough O2 to make your dive. This can be as simple as an o2 tank on your back, or perhaps you can find enough resources diving to build a sub and go even deeper?Overall, plenty to see and do. The game looks and feels superb, and is hard to fault in its current version (h20 update).I cant recommend this enough."
76561197996049736,Recommended,264710,31502620,Posted: 2 May,all,James Blackhawk,"Subnautica feels like a $40 game. Get it, it's a steal.Pro:- Beautiful game- Great, natural feeling animations- Innovative concepts- Good tech progression- Significant content- Developers are active- Improving story- Good balance of survival, base building, crafting, exploring, and adventure- Choice of ""survival"", ""freedom"", ""hardcore"", and ""creative"" modesCon:- Many users will have significant framerate hiccups as new terrain/assets load in (much improved for me when installed on a solid state drive)- The outer parts of the world are still undeveloped and very empty- No multiplayer- Construction can be wonky- As with most survival games, the game loses appeal when most of the content has been experienced.Overall, I highly recommend it! It has a lot to offer."
,Recommended,264710,15300169,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,ROC,Needs co-opThis games great so far but it will  be amazing if it had co-op or multiplayer.
,Recommended,264710,30284825,Posted: 2 March,all,ElaBella,"I have a very love/hate relationship with Subnautica. As an avid lover and player of survival games, I of course had to try out this game, though not without some serious hesitation because the ocean absolutely terrifies me. However, I am very glad that I forced myself to conquer my fear, because this game is incredible.I will be honest: the game does have its fair share of bugs and glitches, and at times the lag can be almost game-breaking, but there are ways to work around it and even temporary fixes that people have found. Probably the most terrifying and obnoxious glitch is constantly sinking through the ground when walking in your PRAWN suit. However, the sheer beauty of this game is more than enough to keep bringing me back, not to mention the actual playstyle.Subnautica has this incredible ability to stir a vast range of emotions within me, and often in only a two minute span.- Curiosity: What's in this cave; is this even a cave?! I need to know more about the precursors!- Awe: This... is... incredible. So beautifully detailed that it feels absolutely real.- Excitement: Yes, finally! I gathered enough titanium and stalker teeth to make my cyclops!- Anxiety: Oh god, I know I'm almost out of oxygen but I need this moonpool fragment so badly...- Terror: Oh no, no no no no no don't eat me OH GOD. Warper please just go eat that infected fish and not me...- Anger: That leviathan was literally NOWHERE NEAR ME. RIP seamoth.If I'm being absolutely honest, this game 100% terrifies me. I have to watch YouTubers explore the deep grand reef or inactive lava zone before I do it myself. I have to convince myself every single time that I have to go into a zone with Warpers that I can evade them - and they still creep up on me, teleport me out of my vehicle, and induce a panic attack. While the developers may not have intended Subnautica to be a horror game, if you have even the most remote, tiny fear of the ocean or its creatures - welcome to this survival horror gem. The music alone will give you goosebumps and make you realize how utterly alone - yet not alone - you are on this alien planet.Some of my favorite aspects of this game include:- The detailed lore of just about every single thing in the world of Subnautica. It really makes you want to scan every mushroom, every monster, hell even the leviathan just to be able to understand the world you're stuck on just a little better. Also, I just find it incredibly fascinating, which is a good thing because it entices me to explore every area which brings me promptly out of my comfort zone (aka the safe shallows...)- The base building. While the construction system can still be a little glitchy at times, I just love the freedom players are given to create a truly cool and unique base in any part of the game, whether you build right under your lifepod in the safe shallows or the deepest part of the inactive lava zone. I especially love the farming system! I have countless little colorful gardens just for me to view little parts of all the different biomes safely from my own home.- The variety of flora and fauna. While the majority of Subnautica's fauna terrifies me, I do have to appreciate the effort the developers have made to really make this planet feel as beautiful and terrifying realistic as possible - and trust me, they have succeeded.- The storyline. Oh man, does the storyline of the game hit you in the feels. I live with such high anticipation for every new update they release, just so I can get my hands on the next piece of the puzzle, so to speak. It's entertaining, interesting, and well written and developed.- The graphics. I know I've mentioned this several times now, but this game is utterly gorgeous to the point of realism. There are so many different biomes, each featuring their own unique design that's either beautiful, horrifying, or both. It's usually both.So, if you're on the fence about whether or not Subnautica is worth it, allow me to give you the confirmation you're looking for: IT IS. This game just keeps getting better and better with each new update they put out, and soon enough the main focus will turn to bug fixes and optimization. This game is in great shape for an early access, and I literally cannot wait for what they have in store for us next!10/10 will continue to be utterly terrified by warpers."
,Recommended,264710,30770263,Posted: 27 March,all,Syllabilus,"Long story short, this game is amazing.I bought this game before the PRAWN update. Back then the Seamoth upgrades and moonpool had only just been added. Blueprints for the cyclops were much too easy to find. Within 10 hours of gameplay I had both of my subs. Already then, it was an extremely emersive game. But now, with the storyline nearing completion, and rebalanced gameplay, it is totally fabulousLet me clarify with a classic pro-con list.PROS:Emersion - the music, the feel, the fog, the wildlife, colors, lighting, the whole shabang, make this game not only play nice, but also feel nice. This is where Subnautica distinguishes itself most from other open-world games. The joy of discovery, the wetness of the water, and the fear of the depths are downloaded to your mind along with the 6GB of disk space this game consumes.GUI - simple to operate, minimalistic futuristic crafting and inventory management. The inventory is large, but you are unable to stack items, meaning you don't get much inventory clutter caused by unstackables, because nothing stacks, and everything takes up equal space, accept for those items that are larger and take up multiple slots. There is no way I can really describe the feeling of awe this game instills upon me.Open world and storyline -  while you are free to explore the world, and it is definately encouraged, there also is a storyline to this game. Unknown Worlds has created a fine balance between the player's independence and predetermined actions.Graphics - this game looks the part. The graphics, especially if your PC can handle them maxed out, but even if it can't, are absolutely stunning.No Grind - the most dreaded part of most games is largely absent in Subnautica. The resources are balanced so that resource collecting doesn't feel like grinding, nor is it tiring because of the sheer level of emersion.CONS:Requirements - my sole problem with Subnautica is that it takes quite the computer to play. I have an i5-6200U @2.30 GHz with turbo to 2.80 GHz, 8 GB DDR4 RAM, and an Intel HD520 graphics card. When I play this game my computer starts to impersonate a jet engine, and my FPS is ~30 with lag spikes when I'm in my cyclops sub. The load time is ~1 min, though this has been improved in the short amount of time I've been playing this game.Bugs - of course this game, like every other, has its fair share of bugs. PRAWNS like to fall through the ocean floor (though since the Infected update I haven't been seeing this, so that's potentially fixed). Sometimes when you try to exit your base it spawns you inside it, but in the water. When you load a game saved when you were within a PRAWN or Moth your sub gets launched away from you. Wrecks have this nasty habit of not loading in, a bug I have not found a solution to. It is possible to get into the aurora before crafting a prepulsion cannon, but not to get out of it. So be sure to have your prepulsion cannon *before* you get yourself stuck in there. Just save frequently, and before stuff goes wrong.Sustenance - I've read a few other reviews, and none I read made mention of this, but the hunger and thirst meters seems to deplete just a tiny bit fast for my liking. To give an example, I was in my PRAWN exploring a biome, and just as I reached my destination I heard the dreaded message announcing my water was at 20%. Already. It was about 50% when I went in, and, without me having to sprint or anything, it ran out in about fifteen minutes. That's a very minor thing though, and doesn't really effect gameplay, as getting food is easy.FINAL VERDICT:For 20 bucks, late stage early access, you can't go wrong. If this review doesn't say enough, maybe Subnautica's '92% of reviews positive stat' will convince you. If you're into survival and exploration games this is one of the best."
,Recommended,264710,31097814,Posted: 12 April,all,retroid,"Subnautica has been a real pleasure to invest in, especially considering this is still considered an early access game. I have not invested as many hours as others into getting fully developed technologies, the best vehicles or the most ideal buildings, but the game always has the best formula; the game is continuously teetering on the verge of getting boring; but suddenly, Subnautica throws you another curve ball to keep you on your toes. The game, at its core, is a survival game based around mechanics you typically would find in these kind of games. Food, health management, how much you continue to stay hydrated, and of course, your oxygen levels, in case you didn't realise this is a game where you will spend 90 percent of the time submerged underwater.However, what this game for me personally plays on, is the search for what lies further below on the oceanic planet. The game starts you off escaping from some kind of giant mothership in an escape pod, where you have ejected on to an oceanic planet, covered almost entirely in water. With this, comes your need to survive until help arrives, or you find a way to communicate off planet. That is the basic premise of the game, and saying anymore is a spoiler in my eyes. The gameplay comes down to collecting your resources, building some kind of place to live, using those resources to develop tools and equipment, further progression ensues, etc, etc. You get the gist of these kind of games. But Subnautica has one particular element which makes this game amazing. Immersion.You see, in Subnautica, when you begin to develop better oxygen tanks, better scuba gear, and then eventually after some time, a submersible vehicle, you will begin to plummet further down into the depths of this oceanic planet. The game is amazingly detailed and beautiful on the surface levels of the water, hosting massive bodies of alien-like fish, plants, and other such things. As you further investigate, the more ferocious and disturbing these plants and alien-like creatures become. As you begin to enter depths of the ocean where the light does not reach, the game suddenly traverses genres, from a simple collecting-resources-survival sim, to a survival horror game. Pressure becomes paramount to keeping an eye on, watching your oxygen levels deplete the further you plummet and dependant on your resources, and the EXTREMELY LIMITED offensive weaponry you have to defend yourself from the deep creatures turn this game into something that comes out of childhood nightmares.The game is brilliant at giving the player scaling to the environment around them, and makes you truly feel small and insignificant in a vast ocean of shrouded mysteries. As of 12th of April, the updates continue to be made for this game, and provide many more features and large overhauls to both game elements and content, allowing you to traverse land, volcanic deep levels of the ocean, and Alien life that goes beyond both the fish and ourselves. I don't like overpraising games in general, but what I do love is early access DONE RIGHT. The only feature I beg of Subnautica to implement is co-operative; something that could potentially make this game from great to INCREDIBLE. After experiencing my fair share of early access games that provide a lot of promise and potential at first but slowly decline into little to no changes and experience, Subnautica gives me optimism for the survival game genre. A whole-hearted recommendation."
,Recommended,264710,16070018,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Civlian,"How to play subnautica:1 - Gather some quartz.2 - Realize you cant find any more god d*mn quartz.3 - Search even longer for quartz.4 - Obtain that ultra rare sh*t while looking for quartz.5 - I don't think there's quartz in here.6 - OH MY GO- oh wait, nope, it's lithium.7 - Find quartz.8 - Build a sea base next to that one holy piece of quartz.9 - Rub quartz all over body10 - Build an enormous submarine11 - Use it to look for...WaitI have enough quartz...Where do I find Silver?12 - REPEAT STEPS 1-10 BUT REPLACE QUARTS WITH SILVER.... God d*mnit9.8/10      amazing game i suggest it over minecraft."
76561198021158175,Recommended,264710,19273529,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Derpy,now the only thing it needs is multiplayer.
,Recommended,264710,28764492,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Heaven Eyes,"Has a lot more ""depth"" than No Mans Sky. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,264710,21314155,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,DarkHoodness,"My first attempt at this game (February '16, survival mode) went like this:Started in the life pod, eventually found out how to keep the player character fed and hydrated, was captivated by the game's incredible visuals and audio. I gathered resources and made some tools (but had to read the wiki and forum posts to get me started), then built a small underwater base just below the surface and a small submersible vehicle.Most survival games make you stare at crafting menus for hours and Subnautica is no exception - But uniquely, you can get to look at a pretty backdrop of your choice while doing so: In my base, I put my crafting station on a window overlooking a nearby coral reef and an unusually-shaped rocky outcrop.Eventually I made friends with a shark-like thing in the nearby kelp forest, then accidentally ran it over in my submersible and felt bad about it afterwards - Until I lost 2 submersibles later to a larger fish while trying to explore the sunken space ship wreck and barely escaped with my life both times, taking the long swim of shame back to my base. Karma in action?With my third submersible I started exploring a cave system when I hadn't yet got any vehicle upgrades (like the visual ""sonar"", which displays a transparent wireframe of the nearby terrain to help you navigate) - I ended up getting very lost, panicked a bit, then eventually died of dehydration before I could find my way out because I didn't pack enough potable water. :PSubnautica is a very immersive and beautiful looking alpha in which you can lose yourself really easily, even in its current late development state (at time of writing) - Buying into early access titles can be risky, but the devs are pretty transparent about their future plans for the game and actively update it, while it already has several hours worth of replayable content. Survive (or go creative mode with invincibility), build bases and vehicles, explore a hand-crafted alien ocean, view awesome sights, avoid hostile flora and fauna. Incredible stuff. :)"
,Recommended,264710,34889244,Posted: 11 September,all,Can of Porridge,"R.I.P OUR BEST FRIEND, He's willing to free-translate for us Chinese players all by himself,a real brave warrior who fight against the gastric cancer.His translation patch updated to February 5, 2017, died on March 15, 2017.His name is 'Not Worried About Food And Drink`s Live'.He may be a nameless editor but worth of our respect.This is a great game on the way,someone conveyed it by his devotion until he passed away.这一次评测只为一个人，吃喝不愁的live，一位国内的汉化补丁制作人，他的补丁优秀，更新速度快，翻译出准确、整洁、舒服的汉化补丁。如此优秀的我们国内的制作人朋友，却于2017年3月15日因胃癌晚期伴随癌细胞转移，而永远的离开了我们。缅怀这位伟大、奉献的朋友"
76561198067011166,Recommended,264710,18962407,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Action Athenis,"i see people, asking for co-op, the onlt problem is, in the lore...  it is assumed you are the only survivor of the ship because your escape pod was the only one that jettisoned, in that instance, the player should either be able to (a) build a robot to allow for another player to control or (b) while inside the the ship trying to repair the nuklear reactor, find an intact stasis pod wich can be picked up and moved or towed back to your base and be placed, then, whenever you want to open up your world so others can play with you, just interface with with the stasis pod and bam! another player can join you(tthey come out of the stasis pod).  pretty neat ideas, right? vote em up!  if youd like(i know this is the review page but i dont know where else to post this, the game is just awesome and if you havent grabbed it while its only $20 then, i truly pitty you, have a nice day.)."
76561197968621551,Recommended,264710,19950273,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,shponglefan,"Having owned and played this game for over 9 months now, I've been very impressed with the development so far.  The game has been actively developed with periodic updates and lots of new content.  This is one of the better examples of how to do Early Access right.The underwater world of Subnautica is incredible.  Never have I played a game that can at once incredibly calming, awe-inspiring and yet also have moments of sheer terror.  That Subnautica covers so many bases is a testament to its fantastic design.Graphically, the game is gorgeous and with the upcoming H2O update is set to be even more impressive.  Sound design is superb with sounds ranging from the mystical to the weird to the utterly horrifying.Content-wise, there is a lot to explore and the game easily offers 20+ hours of solid gameplay right off the bat.  And this is without taking into consideration all the upcoming content including new creatures, biomes, items and game mechanics.This is easily one of the best Early Access titles and highly recommended."
76561198055596994,Recommended,264710,21399467,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Darkrai110,"I've owned this game for two days at the time of this writing and it has nearly consumed my life (19 hours sence I bought it). This game is a borderline horror game at times because of how scary the deep sea is, especially and alien one. The sense of exploration in this game is amazing, the map is huge and you never know whats around the corner. The crafting is similar to minecraft but doesnt feel like a chore. As this is an early access game there are some bugs and texture pop ins here and there but they are minor and to be expected. Something that I think is amazing of the developers and something that I use whenever possible is a button in the pause menu that takes a screen shot of the game and sends it to the developers to show them any bugs or glitches you come across, this needs to be in EVERY early access game. Overall my only issue with the game at the moment is that once yo uget everything settled and you get a feel for things the sea becomes less scary (until a reaper shows up and scares the effing crap out of you).Pros:-good exploration-cool fishes-cool ship designs-beatiful graphics-best water physics ever-button in menu that lets you show the developers bugs in the gameCons:-little to no tutorial. (I only knew what to do at the start because I watched so many lets plays of this game)-map kinda feels small once you start exploring moreIdeas for developers:-more gentle giants-more fish, big or otherwise,-a map-multiplayer- more submarines, theres two in the game and I think one or two more would add more to the game-tameable predators, you can kinda do this with stalkers and I think it would be cool if this were expaned-more to do on landI will update this review every so often as the game is updated and I play it more. But as the game is, I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who enjoys survival games and are looking for a game to get hooked onto."
,Recommended,264710,29738039,Posted: 6 February,all,Comrade Vladmir Stanislau,"“Here is where you should avoid.Don’t go to the Dunes, a desert looking place with pillars. It spawns a Reaper Leviathan.Don’t go to the Aurora. It spawns a Reaper Leviathan.Don’t go to the Mountains, you can get trapped on the island too. It spawns a Reaper Leviathan.Don’t go to the Deep Grand Reef, which is the deep end. It spawns a Reaper Leviathan.Here is where you should go.Nowhere, just stay in the raft and talk to Mr. Tissue, Mr. Coin, and Mr. Potato Chip because it is not safe outside.”"
,Recommended,264710,14835443,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,strask,"Want to know what's being worked on in subnautica?https://trello.com/b/yxoJrFgP/subnauticaWant to know what changes were made today?http://subnautica.unknownworlds.com/#/subnautica/checkinsWant to see what bugs people report to the devs?http://subnautica.unknownworlds.com/#/subnautica/feedbackWant to try out the changes made today? Play the experimental branch, updated automatically 3 times daily.Want something that has fewer bugs? Play the stable branch, updated every couple of weeks when the bugs are minimal.These developers are using the best and most open development process I've ever seen outside the open source community. If you like early access titles for frequent updates and insight to the development process, buy this now.If you don't like early access titles, you won't like this yet. But hit the follow button, you will like it by the time they are done. :)"
,Recommended,264710,23802475,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,YangPrime,This is like Finding Nemo simulator except you kidnap Nemo and all his friends and cook them with a laser microwave so you don't starve to death in the ocean. Also there's scary fish that kill you.
,Recommended,264710,14862444,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,𝓕𝓲𝓼𝓱,Thanks to FrankieOnPCin1080P (YouTuber) for showing us this fan-tabulous game! Love the feeling of isolation this brings and whats being teased in future updates!Lots of potential for this to become the next craze in gaming.
,Recommended,264710,32905612,Posted: 27 June,all,Buster,"Would you belive me if I told you there was such a thing as a ""realaxing"" suival game?This is it.Even though you're stranded on an alien wolrd, struggling to find food and fresh water, something about this game is soothing.It's a beautful game, and the devs have done a lot to update it and move towards a final release. This is one of the few ""Early Access Games"" that isn't garbage.The only con: there's no multiplayer.I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,264710,19867433,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,R4v3n,"It's very good looking game, plays well but will wait patiently for the co-op and/or multiplayer which will add so much more!!"
,Recommended,264710,22234422,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ItsSpooky,there is never a game that's good in developmentnot this gamethis is a gembuy it now
,Recommended,264710,17025142,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Đﾑ√łĐ MØN$Ŧ€Я,"Subnautica, an underwater, survival-exploration game. Simply put, however, the game has INFINITE potential. Many would describe this game as underwater Minecraft, but there is much more to it than that from a design standpoint. Upon entering the game, the first noticeable thing within the game is the incredible design.When entering the ocean, your senses are bombarded with bright colors and haunting sound design. The ocean itself is a vast environment with multiple biomes to be explored. The depth, (pun intended) of the game is great, allowing you to learn about the formation of certain materials, through the gathering mechanics. From sand to gold, and emery to the not yet implemented Unobtanium, picking up the materials needed to craft the next structure is a treat in itself.One thing that is truly beautiful about the game is the suspenseful sound design. Though the soundtrack itself could be described as bland, subjectively, the atmosphere that the oceanic noises provide is incredible, to say the least. Working in tandem with the said sound design is the overall LOOK of the game. Set in an alien ocean, vibrant colors can be seen left and right. A perfect example of the beautiful atmosphere the look of the game sets is the incredible sunset that occurs at the end of every day cycle. Though the game itself is already a treat to play as it is, there is a lot of room for improvement.The game is quite obviously still in Early Access, as many of the core mechanics of the game have not yet been implemented. Visual glitches are aplenty as well as much to be wanted in terms of content. With all this in mind, Subnautica is definitely a game to look out for in the coming months of its development."
,Recommended,264710,31225722,Posted: 18 April,all,Mr. Owl,I often forget i'm playing a video game and not in a bizarre nature documentary about an alien ocean
,Recommended,264710,15975952,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Big Gucci Sosa,"Subnauticais an open world underwater adventure, in which players must craft equipment and submarines in order to explore the oceanic depths of an alien world, fending off horrible fish-monsters with intimidating teeth and fighting mechanisms in the process. The game has a vast environment containing biomes such as underwater forests, lava, enormous mushrooms, and even islands. Moreover,Subnauticaconsists of submersibles, such as the well-known Cyclops, and several other craftable materials, tools, and machines that enhance the player's gameplay. Not to mention, the fact that the game is enriched with diverse creatures, makes the player feel as if they were at the bottom of Mariana's trench, or just a marine biologist's wet dream if you will. As a matter of fact, the deeper you go the more creepy it gets. In the depths of this incongruous ocean, only hearing your own breath, makes the player experience the sheer terror of being deep in an exotic ocean first-hand. Thus, in all honesty, I pronounce this game one of the most immersive games I have ever played on Steam. That said, I would give thanks to Unknown Worlds anytime for developing this game.Pros--Spectacular graphics--Wonderful, diverse environments--Extraordinary diversity and creativity in regards to the creatures--Great audio--Simple crafting system--Smooth controls--The developers, in my opinion, are promisingCons--Items in your inventory do not stack--Thirst and hunger decrease rather quickly--No multiplayer ;(--Not enough customization for bases--There are still many bugs that may get on one's nerves**The game gets very lonely; however, for someone like me, I would not really mind.All in all,Subnauticahas true potential. Unlike games such asThe Forest,Stranded Deep, orMinecraft, you surviveunderwater. Furthermore, from what I have gathered from my gameplay,Subnauticais astonishing in Early Access, and I can not wait to see how it will develop henceforth into being a much greater experience for it's players."
,Recommended,264710,16091351,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,CK,"This is an Early Access Review.  After the game is finished and released, I'll rewrite this review.I've always been a huge fan of survival sandbox games.  Just because I might like this game, doesn't mean you will.  If you like survival sandbox games, I believe you might enjoy this one.ProsThe game is beautifulIt runs pretty good on my system. On ""Recommended"" I get about 160fps and on ""Max"" I get about 40-50fps.  The game is beautiful on both settings. (My Specs)It's a pretty solid game.  I've run into very few bugs and I use ""Experimental"" on my update settingsThey seem to be pretty good about keeping it updated and adding new things all the timeIf you do experimental on your update settings you can get most of the updates pretty early, before othersThere's a decent amount to do in the game and it keeps getting betterA huge ocean to explore. With the right gear and sub you can go pretty deep.Undersea BASES! How can you go wrong?Offers a ton of items to craft as well as mini and large subsIt's a unique idea for a survival game. You're not running around killing zombies.You can now explore the ship you crashed in the ocean.All kinds of fish and I think they keep adding more, I keep finding more that I haven't seen before.ConsThe game would be amazing with some sort of mulitplayer.  Doesn't have to be a ton of players, even co-op would make the game so much better.Doesn't seem to be many threats, at least not at first.  You have a large fish that attacks you, but he really doesn't do much damage.  At night things get a little better, but even then it's not that exciting.I've had a few graphical errors. Nothing major, just a little annoying at times.Wouldn't mind having the graphic settings in game.  To change your settings, you need to exit the game, change them and reload the game.  Though in time they may offer that. I've seen other early access games start off the same way just to offer in game settings later.Wouldn't hurt to have a bit more of a story to it.Would love to see some sort of objectives. A reason why you might have been in the area where you crashed.  Are you looking for something?  Looking to find a home? I don't mind scavenging and building, but that gets old after time.Overall, I would definitely recommend this game.  If you love survival sandbox games, this is one to try out.  If you're just looking for a nice, solid game for a decent price that offers a ton of replayability, here you go."
,Recommended,264710,13903205,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Bad Whippet,"About the game...Subnautica is a beautiful survival game set underwater on a mysterious planet.  The game is based around exploration and creation (you will need to feed yourself and craft things to aid your survival).  Being at heart a game of survival, it's survival of the fittest as always - and guess what?  You aren't the fittest...During a mission to colonise systems in space, your ship crashes.  In-game space ships just aren't what they used to be, so it should be no surprise to find yourself bobbing about in a tiny escape pod with absolutely nothing other than a wetsuit and a gadget embedded into the pod called a 'fabricator'.  As you have nothing to fabricate (other than lies to excuse your expensive spaceship crash), it's time to leave the escape pod and explore the great underwater world below you...I should just mention that this underwater world is NOT Earth.  There is nothing down here that has ever been televised by National Geographic, and so it is down to you to discover what's safe and what's not.  You'll be clueless about what to do, but that's part of the fun of the game: figure it all out - just as you'd have to if this were real (no 'Tour Guide' in the escape pod to help you out either).  There are curious, dopey looking, one-eyed fish just chirruping away (yes, really - begging to be caught just for doing that), there are happy purple mushrooms you can pick, and then bobbing happily towards you is a larger stripey creature, both funny and cute-looking with a snout like a cheerful sea-horse.  It's underwater Skyrim, you think to yourself as you smile, ready to pet this delightful creature with open arms, but you realise as you start to be sliced into little bits of tuna that this is no friendly pet after all.   It might be cute but it has more teeth than you, sharper teeth than you, and a razorblade tail too (I trust you don't have one of those either).   No, it's not all nice in Subnautica - not when you go deeper into the game (puntotallyintended.This must be the strangest 'survival' ever because (before you become dinner or drown) it feels almost zen-like!  Trying to survive is never supposed to be zen-like but the game cleverly lulls you into a fuzzy warm blanket of security before it bites you - and remains zen-like until you get bitten again.  It's unique with this quality.  If you DO have the misfortune and inconvenience of dying (and you will), you will become conscious again, gasping for breath in the escape pod as you read the sorry one-line tale that you died and so lost some of the stuff you'd foraged for - yes, including that precious bit of copper you know you will never find again...  But it's not frustrating and there is no starting over.  You will simply have lost some of what you were carrying at the time. As far as difficulty goes, the developers have added both an extreme perma-death option (you won't revive if killed) and the opposite pure sandbox experience which offers the freedom to build without worrying about hunger, thirst, limited resources etc.  Personally, I prefer the moderate 'survival' option where food and thirst matter, but if I die I just reappear in my rescue pod or base and can continue from where I left off.  Every gamer has been catered for.About the world of SubnauticaThe underwater world of Subnautica isn't procedurally generated and I'm actually glad of this because it is obvious that the developers have taken great care in hand-crafting every last detail of this world with a purpose in mind for each cave and crevace.  It also means that the developers could in theory add new worlds as DLC (and I hope they do).  Different areas of Subnautica offer different life-forms, and the area is pretty large to explore so it certainly hasn't become too familiar yet (I've played for over 200 hours now and there are endless places I haven't even been able to reach).  For each new game you will spawn in some random spot on the map so the location of resources will vary and the game will always feel different.  You'll need to fabricate tools both to survive and to explore further by finding metals and other resources on the sea bed, and craft equipment that will allow you to explore further and build.  This underwater world consists of several biomes of different flora and fauna.  Deeper, darker waters hold more menace, and the more vicious predators are unleashed in darkness, stepping up the survival element and the risk of exploring an unknown area.Build-a-BaseSubnautica has an exceptional base-building feature.  You can build anywhere - a useful touch to set up oxygen and nourishment quarters in deep dark waters far from your original base.  The building tools are so easy to use, with pieces snapping into place naturally.  Having a base or two not only gives you much-needed recovery platforms, but also enables you to build as much storage as you like, keep aquariums full of fish for when hunger needs to be attended to, and build equipment to manufacture more building and equipment pieces.  You can also develop two submarine types depending on the resources and blueprints you uncover - and these enable you to explore much further than you can by swimming.  With the simple combination of a Sea Moth submersible and a pile of resources, I'm currently building a base deep below the crashed Aurora so that I can explore the site at leisure and have somewhere to return to when oxygen, food or hydration levels are low.  It's a superb addition to the beta, the building pieces are gorgeous (check out the store-page screenshots for an idea of how good they look) and they have added much longevity to the game because it is now possible to reach deeper, more far-flung areas of the ocean.Farming FrenzyOne of the latest updates offers players a way to be self-sustaining without depleting the sea of all plant and animal life!  You are now able to breed fish, hatch unknown eggs that you might find, and grow food-generating plants indoors and out.  It's all very easy and intuitive.About the Early Access state...This is no half-baked development.  The screenshots are enough to show just how beautiful the game is already, and they really don't even do the game justice.  It's easily the best diving game on Steam right now (sorry other-diving-games - you might be good too, but not Subnautica-good).  The standard version is very stable but you also have the choice to opt into the 'experimental' version which is the daily updated beta that the developers upload pretty much every day.  The experimental version will always be less stable than the fixed beta releases, but they show just how much the developers are adding to the game.  It's fun to be a part of Subnautica's evolvement, and there are now hours and hours and hours of gameplay compared to when I wrote this review originally over a year ago.  Thedevelopers treat problems as absolute priorities and work with the community - they truly represent what Early Access is all about.  They will even let you vote for new features using Trello to prioritise which things get done first.   In short, you won't be wasting your money on this particular EA project.In summary...If you like the idea of exploring a strange, alien underwater world, enjoying the freedom to build a base and figuring how to survive without starving or being lunch for some strange one-eyed creature or something, then the game is already something to look at (you can even opt out of the survival element and just explore freely instead).  There is something absolutely compelling about the game: raw survival, yet therapeutic exploration coupled with the achievement of finding and crafting something new.  I highly recommend this already-epic game into which I've now sunk (yeah, see what I did there?) in excess of 200 hours!_______________tl;dr: just buy it - now."
,Recommended,264710,29719170,Posted: 5 February,all,Vitord635,"Subnautica is a survival ''horror'' (almost there),which has a really good environment and an amazing background story! Exploring is the only way to understand all what is happening.Once you start your game,you almost don't want to stop.Pros:+ Music represents the feeling of loneliness+ Diversity of Environments+ Diversity of Living Creatures+ Background Story+ Construction system and diversity of little things to put in your base+ Blueprints system+ Creative inventory interface+ Devlopers pay attention at they communityCons:- Optmization and Framerate (10-60)- Lot of bugsPs: This is an early access game,some things can change, and possibly will!"
,Recommended,264710,34408968,Posted: 21 August,all,DeadlyCactapus,"Scares me ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Really pushes you to put yourself in danger for the chance of upgrading your gear, with each step foward being gated behind multiple perils - there is no ""safe"" playstyle if you want to progress through the game. The game doesn't rely on cheap jumpscares, the whole atmosphere of the game is a mix between both awe and terror keeping you on the edge of your seat the whole time. Developers are doing a great job, steadily pushing out bug squashing crusades and filling the game with updates. My only gripe? I wish I had the balls to explore everything the game has to offer..."
76561198110882871,Recommended,264710,18924976,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,KelikFox,"Here is where you should avoid.Don't go to the Dunes, a desert looking place with pillars. It spawns a Reaper Leviathan.Don't go to the Aurora. It spawns a Reaper Leviathan.Don't go to the Mountains, you can get trapped on the island too. It spawns a Reaper Leviathan.Don't go to the Deep Grand Reef, which is the deep end. It spawns aReaperGhost Leviathan.Here is where you should go.Nowhere, just stay in the raft and talk to Mr. Tissue, Mr. Coin, and Mr. Potato Chip because it is not safe outside.10/10 would not go to the Dunes again. Ever.EDIT: Now with Nopesquids!EDIT EDIT: Don't be surprised if you find you've filled your stillsuit with♥♥♥♥♥♥my scuba lads.Don't go to the Active Lava Zone, which is the deeper deep end. It spawns a Sea Dragon Leviathan.Don't go to the Lost River, where there is water underwater. It spawns a Ghost Leviathan.Don't swim out of the game you fool, stay out of the void. It spawns many GIANT Ghost Leviathans that want you to stay in the Dunes, Aurora, Mountains, Deep Grand Reef, Active Lava Zone, and Lost River."
76561198072230266,Recommended,264710,24716068,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,BEGONE THOT,"Subnautica is one of those Early Access games that has me on the fence.On the one hand, it does a lot of things well. For example, the game's visuals are nice, and the different areas of the sea are all aesthetically appealing. There's a good deal of conveyance towards which areas are relatively harmless and which areas have giant sea-monsters that will rip you in half. In addition, I can't imagine how things would appear for the VR users, and personally I don't want to find out - the Reaper Leviathan nipped that urge in the bud. Still, the option to play the game in VR, in tandem with the already pleasant atmosphere, leaves the game with a strong recommendation from me for the visuals alone. In terms of gameplay, the game performs similarly to games like Rust or ARK, and although the crafting/upgrades system is nothing groundbreaking, it is still enjoyable and rewarding. There are certain unique aspects to the game, many of which I feel are too minuscule to even bother bringing up; however, the game does things differently enough that I feel comfortable saying that it has a personality of its own.On the other hand, the game is in Early Access, which means that not only is it not complete, but it is still relatively unpolished. Although the game has undergone extensive changes and would appear to be updated frequently, I can't say that I've never been burned by the game due to some glitch or another. For the patient (you saints), the game's glitches and bugs are relatively harmless, and they border more on the taxing side of frustration rather than fully-fledged rage. Still, the point remains that the game could be another Early Access flop, but I'm fairly confident that it won't be. Hopefully, these issues can be ironed out, and I do believe the devs will continue to work on this project.As it stands, Subnautica gets a mostly confident vote of approval from me, and I would recommend buying the game if it interests you (especially if it's on sale)."
76561197997068175,Recommended,264710,19900091,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Netrover,I thought i saw food.Plot twist: I was the food.10/10 would become fish food again.
,Recommended,264710,26159145,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,BologniusMaximus,"Probably one of the best Early Access games available on steam, if not the best example of what an Early Access game should be. Development is completely transparent and it's easy to see what is currently being worked on, what is planned and what has already been achieved. The roadmap set up in this game is the kind of roadmap most larger game companies dream of achieving.The game itself has a unique setting, great features and some strong ideas behind good implementations. It draws you in, makes you want to explore. And exploring is very rewarding, but very dangerous as well. You quickly realize that the game isn't as light and happy as one thinks when you start off in the Reefs.I absolutely recommend this for anyone."
,Recommended,264710,26829020,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Malignity,"DRINK. EAT. FIND SHELTER. DON’T LET THAT MONSTER EAT YOUR FACE.Warnings, everywhere, reminding you that you are only ever moments away from some terrible end. It’s all bloody exhausting. Subnautica seems to buck this trend.These systems, hunger, thirst, they exist in Subnautica, but they take a backseat to exploration of the stunning underwater world. And they’re optional, too. There’s a freedom mode as well as a hardcore survival one, which focuses entirely on all the lovely stuff, like building fancy submarines and meeting new fishy friends."
,Recommended,264710,32873620,Posted: 27 June,all,Ob(Servant),"Very enjoyable, relaxed, not too complicated, not too simple gameplay. Looks Beautiful. Would Recommend."
76561198009730233,Recommended,264710,27424301,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Royal,"As a person who has a severe case of thalassophobia (fear of the sea)...I LOVE THIS. It's both horrifying and and awesome at the same time. At first I was too scared to even leave my lifepod, but as I continued playing, I've finally gotten to the point I can actually face predators face to face (even though I might poop my pants a little!). For an Early Access game, I consider this totally worth (my) time.However, as an Early Access game, it's expected to have some bugs and glitches. I myself have never encountered any game breaking ones, but for some they have been a reality for some time now. I can't say anything about VR support since I play with with a regular desktop setup. Luckily, the devs are still very actively working on this game and have not abandoned it, like it sometimes happens with EA games.I've played Subnautica in Experimental mode, as an important side note. It's more dynamic than Stable mode, and gets updated and changed more often. However bugs are encountered more often, naturally. Something has probably changed the time I post this review.Overall, I've enjoyed this a lot. The ocean and its vast wildlife are simply beautiful, even though some of the predators are absolutely terrifying and too aggressive for my taste, especially when there are no weapons available aside the Stasis rifle. But, you can adjust the difficulty of the game (by cheating also if you're into a more peaceful experience). Whether the devs will remove the cheating option in the future, I don't know. The story itself is fascinating and it's been interesting to see it come to life even more with each update.And last but not least: don't fear the Reaper!...... I'm kidding, swim for your life."
76561197985493194,Recommended,264710,15253285,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Dilligaf,"Day 1: No survivors i am alone at sea, the creatures around me are nothing like i have seen before.Day 2: When exploring the depths i found some wreckage i could use to make the tools i need, there also was a sound so loud i felt it troughout my whole body..Day 3: I found fragments of the Cyclops, now i just need some more resources before i can craft it.Day 4: The Cyclops is ready now i can investigate where the sound is coming from.Day 5: There is something out here... the Cyclops.. i don't think it can protect me from it...Edit: This game is whatever you make of it, they give you the tools it is up to you what you do with it.The game lacks multiplayer that is my only complaint."
76561197983679455,Recommended,264710,23327442,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ranger266,"Im a Scuba Diver in real llife and a gamer so when I saw this game, I was intrigued. If you enjoy a survilval game based on eploration and gathering for food and water and huge into the mysteries of the ocean then get it. I already have so many hours logged on this game. Love it!! can't wait to see how the game develops."
76561198121768965,Recommended,264710,21738129,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Cyber,"First off, I have a huge fear of the ocean. I wanted to get this game to potentially lessen my fear. In some aspects it did, however, in some aspecs, it made it worse.This game helped me be more calm around fish and stuff. However, it made my fear of vast, empry oceans worse. The terrifying unknown depths in Subnautica are the most scary part of the game for me. Not knowing what is below you is truly nightmarish.Onto the game itself; it is fun. It is an exploring survival game. It is a game that you can craft numerous things to help survive. I don't want to make this review very long, because not much is actually in the game right now other than exploration and basic survival. It is gorgeous, it is addicting, it is terrifying.Buy it."
76561198030378070,Recommended,264710,15681920,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Ray,"I rarely if ever review a game; I'm also not easily intimidated nor afraid of scary movies or the dark. I don't believe in ghosts or anything. But this game, this game makes me poop in my pants! The vast dark ocean, the depths, the very intimidating sounds you hear from the creatures below, my girl has never seen me yell in fear, and this game has done it. Bravo! I'm in love, amazing.10/10."
,Recommended,264710,22426153,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Bethic,Fantastic game !The underworld is just sooo beautiful yet terrifying.Waiting for more updates & contents.
76561198059539702,Recommended,264710,15472891,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Nothing But Seals,"This game is pretty amazing, and pretty. Definitely worth the $19.99 even if it is an early-access.  However, I am not going to lie, the game changed for me around the 4 hour mark. It was around that time I got the Cyclops and adventured off into the blue unknown. I suddenly did not want to leave my submarine! All of the sudden the big blue empty began to make me feel uneasy for my poor guy. I began to dread leaving the safety of my Cyclops or my Seamoth. This really added a new dimension to the game. Originally I was afraid that this game would be like Minecraft, build things until you get tired of it, but Subnautica really focuses on the exploring aspect which sets it apart from all of the other games where you simply build stuff.10/10 Recommended."
,Recommended,264710,20300408,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Jam,"Got fear of the ocean, Early Access done right, beautiful looking game, exploration with a bit of survival and building your own ""Rapture"".I like it."
,Recommended,264710,20927132,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Raydeus,"I HATE THE OCEAN!!! IT CAN GO F*** ITSELF ALONG WITH ALL THE FUGLY NASTY THINGS LIVING IN IT!!*ehem*So it speaks volumes that the game is already so good that instead of turning me away from it my dislike of the ocean just adds a layer of survival horror to it for me.The crafting system is really good (please never change the Fabricator's printing sound effect) and surprisingly flexible. Exploration is fun, meaningful and often scary, but so far the game has a way of pushing me to explore further and deeper to get all those precious materials needed to craft and even just to survive.Also, I may hate the ocean, but I can't deny how good it can look at times. And while the game still has optimization issues (like popping and the such) in it's current build just swiming around can look flat out beautiful.And let's not forget how good the vehicles feel already. From your initial Seaglide to the Cyclops all 3 vehicles currently available feel really good to use (the first time you enter your newly built Cyclops is so good) and will only motivate you to explore even further.Do I recommend it even though it's early access? Of course, even in it's current state it's well worth the price tag. And if the devs keep going the right way this game will be huge eventually. Also, if you are interested in VR the game is a prime candidate for that sort of upgrade down the road."
76561198091229730,Recommended,264710,20526567,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Casual Cucumber,"(Outdated review)This is an Early acces review keep that in mind :)Develober: Unknown Worlds EntertainmentBrought this game in april 2015Subnautica is an underwater, open world, survival, sandboxFeeling:So this game is feels just amazing. It has beautiful graphics, never seen a early access game that is this pretty, there is a fantastic atmosphere. And today i am writing this review they just made it prettier. This game feels unique, unlike many other survival gamesGameplay:The gameplay feels amazing, and refreshing, it is amazing exploring the water, and finding new animals, and try not to get killed, the exploration is really done right.This game i give a 9/10This game i am pretty sure will grow, the developers are active and coming with updates with an impact.Some questions answeredIs it a random generated world ?No it is not, you will spawn diffrent places, every new gameIs there multiplayer ?No there isnt mutiplayer, the developers has plan for this, but first wanna have improved this game mutch more.Depending on the popularity of this review i will update itGot any questions ?ask, i will answer them and add them to the review"
,Recommended,264710,26468854,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Ariah,"The Best Solo Survival Game EverPros:Tons of environments to explore, each with unique ecologies.Interesting creatures with distinctive behavior that can be exploited.A very satisfying sense of progression via exploration.Extremely cool base building, plus a huge submarine that can function as a mobile base.Some really amazing secret areas.Made by a small indie developer, yet better than most AAA games I've played.Very little grind: The bottleneck is usually blueprints, not resources.Cons:Sometimes it's not clear where to look for the next blueprint.It's not finished yet, so there's no way to win the game."
,Recommended,264710,14985166,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Lady La6yrinth,"Okay. This game is gooood. Beautiful really, and easy to learn. Yeah, there a few minor bugs here and there, but it's fun, and that's what games are all about. Having fun.I recommend it if you just wanna, ya know, relax underwater or get chased by angry fish."
,Recommended,264710,14957228,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,DBY014,The ocean is brighter than my future 420/10
,Recommended,264710,16509653,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Actually Graham Norton,"Beautiful, innovative, creative, and terrifying."
,Recommended,264710,29254782,Posted: 14 January,all,marklinhares,"Already a very good game!Subnautica is a game focused in exploration and already have a good lore wich will be expanded.Only need some adjustments (one of them is add the majority of the pics in the research tab for the fauna and flora)Stable, very consistent, beautiful, updates are regular.Worth the asking price."
76561197983037682,Not Recommended,264710,26464204,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Ayradyss,"Once, I would've been quick to recommend this game.  Unfortunately, things have changed.Over the span of the last few updates, it's become increasingly clear that the devs are catering to a vocal minority of hardcore veterans.  What used to be an amazing exploration/survival game has turned into a giant FPS where everything attacks you on sight for no reason whatsoever and you don't even have the means to really fight back.It was stated early-on that the game wasn't going to have lethal weapons, and that suited me just fine.  They have a stasis rifle that can freeze a thing and buy you a little time -- things like that.  That was great -- until they started increasing both the aggression of all the predatory creatures and the quantities of said predators.Then they decided to make things like battery drain horrendous so you can barely get anywhere before you have to change batteries/power cells (you did bring extra, right?), place all the schematics in locations that are effectively gated by the need to have those particular schematics (upgrade the SeaMoth to dive below 300m?  Guaranteed it's somewhere below the 300m mark -- that sort of thing).It's just become an exercise in frustration and tedium.  And that's really sad, because it's got a lot of great elements and initially was looking like it would be one of my favorites.Now, I feel that it's being catered to a group of veteran players who already know what's out there, how to overcome each kind of obstacle, and who still want things to be harder.  This means a new player coming into the game and wanting to actually explore, learn and find things on his/her own is left in a world of hurt.  The only way to play this game now is to read everything first on the Wiki and go directly for those items you need -- forget exploration and discovery."
76561198053709847,Recommended,264710,27822482,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,stoned raiders,"Man vs OceanThe best underwater survival open world game!Pros:Explore many different environments (some above the water), each with their own plants und fishesBuild your own base underwater, connect it with power (Solar panels or generators) and create a underwater garden :))2 different Submarines you can build. The bigger one can be used as a base!Plentiful ressources, so most of the time you search for the next tech blueprint instead of grinding materials :DVR support! Can't say much about this, as i dont own vr googles but the regular version of subnautica is astounding allreadyCons:If you are not familiar with the map and where the biomes are located, you will spend some time wandering and swiming around and might even get a bit lostAs far as i know no way to end / win the game yet"
,Recommended,264710,22648688,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Ushio,Best underwater Survival/Sandbox game
76561198131160858,Recommended,264710,29040711,Posted: 5 January,all,Plamen K. skinhub.com,"> crashes on an a strange planet> sees only water , freaks out> finds few blueprints> creats seaglide and habitat builder> makes base , desides to explore deeper & further> hears creepy sound , sees reaper leviathan , ♥♥♥♥♥ pants> decides to try to find blueprints for cyclops> remembers that reaper leviathans are close to cyclops blueprints> quits game from fear> never goes to beach/sea again11/10will♥♥♥♥♥♥pants againpretty cool game! its worth the money!"
76561197980346371,Recommended,264710,34650689,Posted: 31 August,all,bnwkeys,The only game I come back to over and over.  Terrifying and serene; Freeplay and survival; Immersive but directed. This game has so much potential and I love watching it grow.  Buy it! It's money well spent.
76561198119448628,Recommended,264710,24012066,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Irkdude,"having played this game for 200+ hours now, i feel it's safe to say that this game, is really ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. I mean, i played this game, back when SAND could be turned into quartz, and to see the progress that it's made since then makes me proud as a gamer.Gameplayi have to say, there are some things about the game that make it tough, like the reaper (that god damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, eating my seamoth) but the fact that there is a challenge is a good thing! I mean what's a game without difficulty?GraphicsFor ALL you sophisticated people out there who think graphics is everything, this game is amazing even on low, still don't like it? try recommended, have the computer for it and don't like recommended? they have experimental for that! I'm not one to judge graphics but truly this game is beautiful on all of the settings and doesn't kill my computer, i get a steady 73.2 fps everytime i play and i have a windows 10 computer with a gtx 745 ti graphics card, that says a lot now, doesn't it?"
76561198116393493,Recommended,264710,29391723,Posted: 20 January,all,Nemsoulus,"I love this game. There are highs and lows with it, but it is a well made game.TOP 10 NOTES: ( + = high ) ( - = low )+) beautiful landscape-) the FPS drops+) diverse creatures-) x-ray glitch in loading chunks+) suspenseful music sets the mood+) wide range of creature calls-) NEED TO BECOME MULTIPLAYER ABLE+) easy to set up a bace farm for food, water, and med-packs-) non-food fish breed to fast, it severely drop FPS if left to breed+) very active background story, can't wait to see how they set the final chapture of it"
,Recommended,264710,21860908,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Raso,"Absolutely wonderful. Only issue is stability, but price to fun is just unbeatable. 9/10"
76561198113396356,Recommended,264710,21555745,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,N8NBot,Nothing like going down so far into the ocean you can only hear the giant monster preparing to tear your face off. lovely.
76561198061157041,Recommended,264710,18349240,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Smem,"First thing is first, lets start with the cons:-If you aren't an explorative type, and you need some sort of goal to keep you going into later bits of the game, there is none. Basically, after you get upgrades for your cyclops and seamoth, and build a substantial base, you have no other goal rather than to explore.-Also, there is a bit of a grind for some of the items you need to get the upgrades. Basically, you explore, find a new fragment, see what you need, then go get it. The main part of this process is the exploration, like I said earlier.-Survival seemed like it was rushed, without any emphasis on dehydration or hunger. Basically, you need to eat every so often, and drink slightly more oftenNow for the pros.+Gorgeous environments+A very refined and easy to understand tech path. You start in the safe areas, learning the oxygen system and how to acquire food and resources. Then, it gently nudges you to explore more for more resources, like silver. This leads into the slightly dangerous area, which easy to notice enemies that make loud noises when they attack for easy identification. This is also where you get your first sort of defense. Once you acquire the resources from this area you have the items to create the first sub, which allows you to explore more, and so on+Amazing updates. Seamoth update brought to the table something I thought was amazing.  Instead of the basic upgrades things normally have, these were completely innovative and cool ideas. The sonar is possibly the coolest upgrade in any game I've ever seen. Also the nonlethal torpedoes are interesting and useful in their own right+THE DEVS TAKE PEOPLES VIEWS ON THE GAME SERIOUSLY. We said that it would be cool to explore the main ship, and they gave us the update.+Really easy to build and cool bases.+AMAZINGLY COOL ANIMATIONS. The seamoth docking animation for the moonpool and cyclops are beautiful. Also the bulkhead opening animation is great.+EXPLORATION IS EXTREMELY FUN. When they released the idea for the lost river, I didn't think ""what loot would there be"", I thought ""how amazing would this be to look at from a seamoth."" Exploration is the main point of this game, so it is expected to be good. How this game does it is phenomenal. It drives you to explore without the promise of items or loot, but with the idea of how cool things would be. You wonder what would be passed that kelp forest, so you go through and you see the great multitudes of flora and fauna that just make you want to see what else you can find.+JELLYSHROOM CAVES!!!!!!! All the cave exploration is ridiculously cool. You get to see what lurks in the dark trenches of the ocean of an alien planet. You get to see all the cool formations, and beautiful flora. Also, jelly shrooms.+Reefbacks are adorbs. ALL THE ANIMALS ARE UNIQUE AND INTERESTING. Sandsharks hide in the sand, stalkers look for scrap and can be friendly, bonesharks are freaking scary, and Reaper Leviathans are ridiculously scaryThe pros outweigh the cons, definitely, for someone who enjoys exploring"
,Recommended,264710,33142154,Posted: 2 July,all,Akasha Black Snow,It seems this game is gonna get only better from here. I've played it up to the current stopping point and have fallen in love over and over again. I would recommend this to absolutely anyone that asked if it was any good.
76561198090876649,Recommended,264710,32160178,Posted: 3 June,all,Hαωк,Amazing game just sad it doesn't have co-op or multiplayer.
76561198007239780,Recommended,264710,24262264,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,chiibaKing,"As someone who has an intense fear of the ocean, this game terrified me.  The early minutes of the game we heartpounding diving into the blue the first time.  I was immediately hooked by the wonder under the sea (under the sea!).Now, I just want to see more and more and more.  The game is amazing, and it's still getting better all the time.  Everything's better down where it's wetter, take it from me."
76561198005079603,Recommended,264710,22871695,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Captain Seasick,"There are few games worthy of a recommendation while they're still in Early Access, and aside from The Forest and Space Engineers, I think Subnautica may just be the only one I'd truly and strongly recommend.The game is brought to us by the fantastic freaks over at Unknown Worlds, mostly known for the incredibly dull but also incredibly awesome Natural Selection 2. See, I actually know what I'm talking about, you doubting lot! But anyway, I digress...Subnautica has some serious issues and bugs, but frankly, with the almost CLOCKWORK release of updates, bug splats and general patches, this isn't so much a problem as a nuisance at worst, and an interesting (if troublesome) trip at best. One of the most glaring bugs I've found recently was a strange inability to open Bulkhead Doors... however, this was made even MORE strange by the fact that it only affected some doors, even within the same base!Aside from that, the game is (in lack of a more profound and impactful word) absolutely mind-implodingly mega-gorgeous. I shït you not when I say that it's one of the most incredibly beautiful games I have ever played. Rarely do graphics justify a game's existence, however (unless it was developed by the dullards at Crytek that is), but Subnautica does several other things so bloody right, it not only earns its right to be, but does a jolly li'l victory dance to celebrate its existence, too.Exploration, for example, is harrowing and dangerous, but also incredibly immersive (no pun intended) and HIGHLY rewarding, as you can only gain access to new technology by finding tech fragments in new and unexplored biomes. Beyond that, you'll also need to explore to gain access to advanced resources and interesting new databank entries, which as a huge fan of Metroid Prime, I can REALLY get behind with a lubed-up dïldo in one hand and my turgid cöck in the other!Furthermore, the sound is lovely, with effects being realistically muffled by water, and the creaking of a buckling hull giving an eerie sense of ""Oh shït, oh shït, oh shït!"" as you run down a corridor within your deep-sea base, frantically searching for the leaks in your base's hull so that you can weld 'em shut.What the game does lack, however, is a sense of direction or ""meaning"", in lack of a better word. Unlike the aforementioned The Forest, you don't have a tangible goal (yet) in Subnautica, beyond the very basic ""survive"" one, and also unlike the aforementioned Space Engineers, you don't have as much in terms of tools or freedom either. So setting up a functioning and (possibly even moreso difficult) aesthetically appealing base may be an alluring if albeit daunting task at first, but once that's done, you kind of lack the creative freedom that many other survival-based sandbox games may offer.But aside from my various minor complaints, I should mention that I bought this game for the full price and I haven't regretted that purchase for even a single second, so with that in mind, I can't give this game anything but a hearty recommendation. 8.4/10"
76561197961621120,Recommended,264710,26848282,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BloeR,"One of the best solo survival games, with constant monthly updates. Only downsite is that is has no multiplayer."
76561198140800542,Recommended,264710,28563177,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,kikit81789,"If this game had multiplayer through LAN, it would be better than Minecraft."
76561198090017297,Recommended,264710,14770768,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Hachasell9,"absolutely terrifying, made it 3 kilometes deep, creep sound happend, scared and couldn't see, quit game.12/10"
76561198104089191,Recommended,264710,22931657,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Bushi Neko,"** This is a new ' revamped ' review. **Since Subnautica first came out, it was always playable. I enjoyed it at first, but like many Early Access it just didnt have enough to hold me for very long. So on this one I just went away for awhile. I was not really into testing it, but I just ' knew ' it would progress. It has. I am now finding it to be really enjoyable, and it will hold your attention with plenty to do. It is not complete, but it sure is worth having in my mind.It is a ' sorta of survival ' game. I say that because of the real flexibility in how you want to play it. Just choose the one you like.1. Sandbox. Build, explore, no limits.2. Easy. You need to explore and have resources, but no worry over O2, food or water. No perma death.3. Survival ( Normal ) You need everything, food, resources, water and O2.. however if you die.. you lose no progress. No reset to last save. You are penalized by losing random items and amounts from your inventory. Reset at your closest base. ( thats your current carried inventory, stored / base items are safe )4. Hardcore. One life, one death.Normally in survival games I am all Hardcore. This one is different. Most survival games you tend to die early.. and they dont really involve the detail here does. As in research, building etc.  Subnautica is different. You dont really face any dangers early but yourself. If you think its a good idea to dive to the depths with no gear for it.. and  you get eaten or die from depth issues.. thats you..To really be able to get to the good stuff you need to really be able to build, survive and not be tied to one / two bases.. you need to progress to higher techs / tools. It takes time. So even I cringe at investing hours and hours of caution, exploration and research to build up a good base camp.. only to die and lose it.. ( yeah.. IKR ?? Mr it aint survival if you cant die!! lol. ) But being penalized by loss of items, or equipment seems fair to me. If I die I dont lose my hours to build base.. but I might be naked of some cool stuff. Ok.. I can cope. Thus I dont even really consider it survival.  It's sort of survival.I DO consider it a good game.. and from where its at now.. it will only get better.If your curious.. get it. You wont be dissapointed.It is EA still tho'.. so it ' aint perfect ' But its waaay better than a lot of finished games. But isnt that more and more a case?"
,Recommended,264710,18038738,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,ZillyOtter,"Here's the deal.  This game is absolutely phenomenal.  If I weren't absolutely horrified of deep oceans, I would be playing it non-stop, but instead, I have to take it in doses, followed by an ungodly amount of green tea to calm myself down.  The updates are almost too frequent, and they're all incredible.  The atmosphere is brilliant, and the sound design is some of the best I've heard since...  Well, never, actually.  It's the best I've ever heard.  Bear in mind that this game IS Early Access, then shut up and give them money.  Twenty dollars is an absolute steal in the current industry, so get it while it's cheap.TLDR: 10/10, never going near an ocean ever again."
,Recommended,264710,34311081,Posted: 17 August,all,Datasoy,"I looked down... and there was nothing. I could not see the ocean floor. I squinted my eyes a bit. Perhaps it was actually there, but I couldn't see it because my monitor brightness was too low, or there was too much sunlight in my bedroom. That wasn't it. My monitor brightnesswastoo low, and therewastoo much sunlight in my room, but that wasn't why I couldn't see the ocean floor. I couldn't see the ocean floor, because it wasn't there. I looked down... and there was nothing. I was alone in this vast void, and my human legs and the fins I'd crafted wouldn't save me if some monster leaped out of the darkness to devour me.Than a realization hit:The ocean floor did exist. I couldn't see it because it was too deap and the sunlight couldn't reach it, but it was there. I would go down to see it. Not now, my tiny oxygen tank wouldn't last it, but eventually Iwoulddive that deep, and I would see the ocean floor where it was.* * *You will see things in this game you can't reach. You will wan't so badly to see what's just a little bit deeper, but you will know that it's suicide to try with the little oxygen in your air tank, and you will know that one day youwillreach those places, and when you do there will be other places you can't reach just yet. Exploration is the carrot of this game. It is the high you work towards. And the things you see when exploring, make this game one of the best immersive experiences I've ever had.You will be scared in this game. The atmosphere itself will scare you. You will hear the call of some gigantic beast off in the distance, or from down beneath you, that you can't see, and you will hope that you are perhaps small enough to escape its notice.* * *Buy this game if any of what I have writen appeals to you in any way."
,Recommended,264710,32686159,Posted: 23 June,all,Night,"This game is simply amazing. From start to Finish (once the game gets an end). Out of every survival game I've played Subnautica is perhaps the one of the best. Immersive underwater world, no matter how many times you play it feels real and alive. The sounds can be terrifying especially when playing on Hardcore. Hearing a Reaper Leviathan roar and knowing it sees you sending you into a panic to find a place to hide so it cant eat you whole and mostly likely failing considering it swims faster than you.The updates are constant if not constant and each one makes the game better, maybe except the most recent Cyclops update. I probably just don't understand how to use silent running now but I think it was fine before and I enjoyed it. Now it feels like I can never move the Cyclops lest creatures attack my ship for no reason. (even at a stand still!)The biggest gripe I have with the game is the performance. I don't have a beastly computer but its not trying to load in the world I get a steady 40-60 FPS. But when it does, the game almost all but freezes or drops to 10fps or less trying to load in other areas. And that's the other thing it leads to. the Pop-ins. It breaks the immersion when the world is literally spawning in front of your eyes and I really hope they get this sorted for final release.There are a few things I hope they add as well, such as stacking on materials you pickup. Its tiring and repetitive when you can only hold so little and some materials take up at least four or more squares of inventory space. So you will find yourself constantly going to and from your base/Cyclops/life pod to craft some items or put them in storage to make room so you can gather more. If the were to add stacking to items up to at least 4 or five a stack it would make so much better to deal with the inventory and less repetitive on foraging.Despite some of my issues (Inventory, options menu, pop-ins and performance issues, lack of multiplayer and the ♥♥♥♥ING WRAPER!) this game is fantastic and an easy recommendation. the game would be even more fantastic if you could play with friends because, come on lets get real. The Aurora, a MASSIVE ship that crash lands on this water world and only ONE person survives? Yeah, no. Makes no sense and would be an easy introduction to multiplayer. Not talking 20 plus people that mess with your stuff, Co-op with one or a few friends in your game world.Anyway, Buy this game if you like survival games, get a good scare out of the darkness of the ocean or just like water based games. There is a lot to love here, so spread the love and pick it up."
76561198026465405,Recommended,264710,23341101,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,LordSmuglorz,"Easily one of the most engrossing games I've ever played. Despite how simple it is and the lack of 'things to do', the evironment itself will constantly be throwing new hurdles at you without the need for any quest arrow nonsense. There are intense moments of panic as the wildlife takes you by surprise, or you may even become your own worst enemy when you have a panic-attack freak out in an underwater cave and let claustrophobia get the better of you.In fact, without ever intending on it, I think this is the best horror game I've seen in recent years.Very easily a 10/10, with content still inbound and coming in at a steady enough pace. I almost wouldn't even believe it were early access. Very minor nitpicking bugbears with some audio effect issues and glitches, but nothing that is too detracting from the awesomeness."
,Recommended,264710,29595151,Posted: 30 January,all,Pippin,"This game is absolutely beautiful. The graphics, atmosphere, style and theme are beautifully worked through, the art style is gorgeous, and the story is slowly thriving into something more and more amazing each time the game is updated.Despite the glitches here and there,which is because it's still Early Access, the game truly deserves more praise!The game is beautifully explorative, and personally it's one of my favourite games! (I absolutely love the ocean, and this one catches my attention!)I recommend the game, especially if you love beautiful ocean sceneries, exploring, and open world adventure!"
76561198093798134,Recommended,264710,22864486,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,HydroPug,I would love it more if you could play with friends!
,Recommended,264710,24840371,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Capt'n Henke,"If you like underwater games buy this.If you like being scared and fear underwater monsters totally buy this.If you like being stuck in 1000m depth, running low on oxygen with a giant sea-snake chasing you, give this game your heart! 9/10"
76561197971017857,Recommended,264710,21124838,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,s4t4npt,"-After a few hours playing I got my seamoth and a radiation suit.-Decided it was time to check out my crashed spaceship.-Gathered some food and water and departed to a long journey.-I went in the middle of the night because I wanted to arrive by morning so I would have time to gather all the riches I imagined would be there.-Arrived 2 minutes after departure... obviously still night time.-Even so, with my lantern, all I could see was sharks, coral and some quartz.-Check the back of the spaceship, pitch black, the lantern light had nothing to reflect on.-Suddenly a reaper, never seen one before, it was eating my submarine.-The window was starting to crack, tried to get free with no result.-Left the sub in the last moment, and swam away in a strait line as fast as I could.-Still tried to look back and there was no submarine left, only a reaver looking for me.-Made it safely back to my pod and started preparing next expedition.10/10 would do it all again :)Great game, hope the content is enough for some time."
,Recommended,264710,21890985,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,[TW]Swift_Brutal_Death,I am equally fascinated and terrified by oceans and what lives in them.  This game is truly a work of art in terms of visuals/audio and experience.  It had some graphical issues when I palyed it.  The game struggled to build the world faster than you can travel so there was a lot of popping.  I'll return to it soon and see how the updating has been.  Hoping VR support has improved a bit as well.
76561198004076605,Recommended,264710,20923075,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Ninjabullets,"In a massive clump of assembly line early access survival sims this one stands out because unlike most, this one took a concept a lot of developers shy away from and run with it. Quite well might I add.The fact that there is literally a ""SEND FEEDBACK"" button in the pause menu should show how much the dev team actually cares. The fact that it's in the pause menu makes bug reporting SO MUCH EASIER because you can report a bug the second it happens without going onto some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ forum that no one reads.Additionally, this game is really pretty but in an art style type of way. The unique creature designs and genius inclusion of bioluminescence makes everything pop.Well done, devs.Edit: I highly recommend opting into the experimental build of the game in order to even more closely follow the devs' development process and participate actively even better. To do this, Right click the game in your library and go to properties, click on the betas tab and opt into the experimental build. HAVE FUN!"
,Recommended,264710,23561682,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Teimurazor,Now this is what I call survival horror.
,Recommended,264710,15289840,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Paidian,"While I was staying at a friends house, I saw that he was playing a game called Subnautica. He told me that this is an early access game and let me create a new game. We were supposed to spend weekend with together, I spend my weekend with his computer, gradually ruining our friendship.Then I returned home and immediately bought this game. I've consumed all there is to it for now and I'm genuinely scared about what will happen when it's released (and for the devs: I'm hoping for a few Cthulhu easter eggs when it's released).Serious review now:The game has it's flaws but for an early access they are very understandable. They've nailed the atmosphere (not sure about the music selection though), nailed the main dynamics of the game and completely nailed the ""Transparent Development"" thing. I don't know whether developers will turn this into what they've promised but I'm already happy with the ratio of the amount I've payed and the time I've enjoyed playing it.The gameplay is quite simple: you're stranded on an alien oceanplanet, a water world if you will, and all you have is your crashed lifepod with limited amount of energy. You collect stuff from the ocean - fish for eating, metals and minerals for crafting - to build a sustainable life under the sea and try to find out what made your ship crash. I'm not fond of ""collect, craft and survive"" type of games but this one COMPLETELY NAILED the underwater life. I mean you genuinely want to discover your surroundings with a great example of typical human curiousity. The creatures, biomes, habitates everything reminds you of where you are; a never-seen planet that contains countless mysteries (for now they are pretty much countable though).Lastly, the dev team. They are REALLY into this game and their community. They listen to what players say and show how they're doing through several tools - Trello for checking what they're doing, what they've completed and what they're planning to do, commit log (or changelog for non developers) that shows all the code or asset commits and an active discussion board. But there is one thing that is WAY more useful than those tools: build-in bug report system. It is awesome, it is simple, it is non distrupting whatsoever. You just press F8 while playing the game, type your comment or bug report and then you submit it. Simple as that.I don't usually trust early access games and I don't usually support them. But this one is amazing as the way it is already and I honestly want them to be successful as fudge."
,Recommended,264710,29457134,Posted: 23 January,all,OverwatchJunky,"I cannot stress enough when I say that this game is""Early Access"". That means that bugs, crashes and other errors, breakage and various problems are to be viewed as""business as usual"". This review is based on my personal experiences of the content that the devs have provided thus far. It shall touch upon my personal prefferences, my likes/dislikes of certain mechanics, items, creatures etc, and isNOTa full review. I will update this review after the games release or any major content patch (which incidentally is tomorrow lol).OverviewI absolutelyLOVEwhat the devs have done so far and are still doing. They have provided, in my opinion, some of theBESTsurvival gameplay I have seen here on Steam or anywhere in the gaming industry. This is a truly unique twist of a tried and true gaming concept.The devs are very active on the forums. When players report new gameplay issues the devs respond when discussions get a lot of feedback, both positive and negative. They are also very adamant about keeping the community peaceful and stress free. It remains one of the top 5 mostr most peaceful communities I have ever experienced on Steam or any other gaming forum I have subscribed to.But above all else, the devs do their very best to keep the community informed about their progress on the development of the game. Their Trello bulliten board is always up to date, keeping their community in the know on their projects, both past and  present, and even more importantly the things they have yet to start working on. There are few if any developers who keep their community up to speed as well as these people do, and while STILL providing top quality content on a consistant basis.Likes/DislikesLikesI love the complete attention to detail From the seascapes, to the ambiance, the sea creatures (even the ones that totally scare the absolute crap out of me).I love the simplistic yet arduous nature of the crafting system. It combines high tech ingenuity with a simple UI that is completely user friendly.The steady updates to the precursor storyline is really taking shape! It involves so much mystery and scifi fantasy. The precursor base updates have been completely amazing so far. The simple yet elegant design of the structures is truly unique.IMPORTANT NOTEThis Dislike list will be very short. There is not much to dislike about this game!! Some of the bugs/glitches can be very annoying. Bugs and glitches do happen. It cant be avoided. But I do hope that this gets improved upon as soon as humanly possible.DislikesThe duplicate sealed door glitches are a major issue. It puts players in a position to drown very easily. I hope this gets fixed with the update tomorrow!!Various clipping issues or creature and tech bugs. 1.) The Magical Reaper that dives into the ground like a sand shark and completely surprises you as he springs from the terrain underneath you!! Or...the Reaper Leviathan who holds a grudge cause he didn't get to kill your beloved Seamoth and so he follows you into the Safe Shallows or other adjacent biome your base/lifepod happens to be in. 2.) I get particularly annoyed when the Prawn suit decides it wants to be just as magical and glitches through the sea floor and into the void. It scares the ever loving CRAP out of me for fear of not having enough thrust left to escape the cold embrace of the void below.ConclusionEarly Access isn't for everyone. Many people get angry or sad because of the lag, framerate issues, a few broken mechanics that need fixing or even the smallest of things they would prefer to be different. But in this case, the good outways the bad by a landslide.The devs have done an absolutely fabulous job despite so many hurdles they had to jump. If I had to give it a grade, it would be an A minus!!! But that is only because of a very balanced mixture of  frustration, terror/fear, heartache, and a blind hatred for the monsters who destroy my beloved Seamoth!! But along with all that comes a sense of accomplishment that makes those bad times seem like nothing!! But hey, an A is still an A after all!!!"
,Recommended,264710,24931123,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ShikiDriki,"Subnautica is everything No Man's Sky is not.The devs decided to go with a smaller yet insanely creative and colourful hand-crafted underwater world filled with life instead of a billion planets filled with nothing interesting.This 20$ game has more content in early access than a 60$ piece of overhyped poop.The story is presented through exploration and keeps you interested due to subtle presentation.  Whereas in No Man's Sky there is only non-stop grinding and almost no story elements.Tens of hours of content, and if you love exploration it can become a hundred (while still early-access), whereas in NMS there's like 3 hours of content and then grinding + repetition.Inventory management is a big part of the game, however it is simple and effective (does not hinder you like in NMS).If for any reason you thought that buying NMS was a good idea, just save yourself 40$ and buy this game, you will not regret ir. While it is an underwater, and not space exploration game, you will find everything you would want from NMS. Subnautica is a beautiful, immersive, and well-crafted world just waiting to be explored. This is by far the best exploration game you can find on steam."
,Recommended,264710,16111655,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Deynarian,"Subnautica blows all other Early Access titles I've played out of the water; the transperency of the developers and the frequency of updates is admirable to say the least.This title is an experiment in exploration and survival, with each and every change being visible on the developer's Trello page so you know what is coming next. The game pits you, the lone survivor of a spacecraft crash on an entirely oceanic planet to try and survive against all odds. I will say now - for maximum enjoyment, do NOT look up or research the game's intricacies. Yes, I know most people - including myself - will often watch videos or vigorously devour a wiki's contents for information before purchase, but I can say with confidence that I avoided doing so with this title, and was pleasantly pleased (and continue to be). Learning what is what is a great part of Subnautica, and it feels...right, in a way.I can also recommend that if you have a fear of the ocean depths, and wish to overcome it somewhat, that this can help - it's rather therapeutic. As well as surviving the depths, this game features food and water (toggleable in game modes), base building, vehicle piloting and creation and voxel terraforming.Subnautica is yet another great title from Unknown Worlds, and I hope you give it a try."
76561197994936359,Recommended,264710,34926554,Posted: 13 September,all,Vuccu,"One of the scariest moments of my life was about ten years ago, when I was snorkeling at the Great Barrier Reef. I swam in the shallows, taking in the vividly colourful landscape which was just teeming with ocean life. I lifted my head out of the water for a few minutes to talk to a friend, and when I looked back down I found myself gazing at emptiness. I had drifted over the edge of the reef, and the vastness, the sheer overpowering mysteriousness of it all hit me like a megaton of bricks. I froze, waiting for some unknown sea-beast to rise up from the murky darkness and claim my frail form as its prize (or lunch). It did not, of course, and I was able to splash and sputter my way back to the safety of the shallows.This game makes me relive that gut-wrenching moment time and time again, and I am absolutely cherishing every moment of it. Full marks, bravo."
,Recommended,264710,30310204,Posted: 4 March,all,Morf,"One of my best buys of all times. I wish I could erase my memory of this game when it releases, to experience it again. It is better than reading good sci-fi novel (if you love to read, you'll understand what I mean)My suggestion, play only hardcore, so you really feel the fear of the deep and claustrophobia, when your own mind play tricks with you."
,Recommended,264710,29879616,Posted: 12 February,all,Sergeant Gunny,"Subnautica is a beautifully crafted feast for the eyes.PROS: Beautiful visuals, active DEVsCONS: Some minor bugs, sound glitches, no coop or multiplayer, some performance issues.Surival based game with some of the best water-based visual effects I have ever seen in a game.  I spend a lot of time just surfacing so I can see the water effects.TIP: You can easily defeat the Stalkers (Angry Seahorse) with the knife. When they charge at you, jsut strafe left or right and then stabbity stabbity stab them."
,Recommended,264710,19331740,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ÐU̷̷F̷̷C̷̷~,Good Game i like it.Needs fix some bugs.Needs some performance boost(when i walk around Aurora i get fps drops)Very fun to explore sea but needs more big map(maybe future)I want to see Subnautica's proggress.So sry for bad English.English is not my native language..
76561198108662423,Recommended,264710,15016044,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,fromthedepthsbelow,"Amazing! This game is genius! Once you craft a knife and a builder, say good bye to an hour or more....10/10 so far so good!"
,Recommended,264710,20409235,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,CrazyIrishJohn,Built a knife chased a fish ... it swam away....Built some fins chased a fish.... it turned around and bit me....Built a mini sub chased the small fish.... a bigger one grabbed my sub and ate me....Would i recommend this game... YESExplore... Build... Create... the ocean is your playground and theres lots too see :)
76561197984820498,Recommended,264710,29767230,Posted: 7 February,all,Giaddon,"This is it... the best solo survival game on steam.I initially picked up Subnautica out of my respect for the development team's work on Natural Selection 1 and 2, a pair of brilliant multiplayer shooter/RTS hybrids. The team was clearly talented, dedicated, and respectful of their customers. When they said this was their new project, it was an easy choice to support them.That choice has paid off. Subnautica has seen monthly updates, graphical and UI improvements, gameplay tweaks, the works. I could go on and on about the imaginative creature designs, the fantastic water and lighting graphic effects, the varied biomes, the different vehicles you can create and drive, the fun I've had building bases on sea-cliffs, and the secrets of the world available to discover. Rest assured, it's all there.But all you need to know is that if you have any interest in exploring and surviving in an underwater world, you need to buy this game.My only complaint is that -- a common foible of these survival games -- your nutrition and hydration meters drop like stones, making keeping yourself fed and hydrated a constant chore, rather than an interesting challenge. Fortunately, the developers have implemented a mode (""freedom"") that removes these needs from the game. Believe me, managing your oxygen and health is tricky enough! I would be interested in an option to drastically slow down these needs, as well.Despite this minor flaw, Subnautica is a truly great game and well worth your time.Note that as of the current roadmap (another great thing about Unknown Worlds is their transparent development, see their trackerhere), Subnautica 1.0 will be released sometime around May."
,Recommended,264710,15422629,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Spoopby,"10/10 best fish physics, call of doots noscopes would approvein all seriousness, this game is amazingly done.Big scary ambient under water atmosphere and super big fishys!also...Active developers :D"
,Recommended,264710,26196451,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,xnux08,"Eye candy graphics, solid gameplay, affordable priceThough game still in Early Access, it is constantly updated. It feels like playing a nice full released game with free DLC every time it gets updatedCan't say much, i recommend this game"
76561198088673317,Recommended,264710,14867142,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Sam Flynn,"The gaming world just doesn't see enough underwater enviroments.  Much like our own reality, the oceans  are overlooked. To me its one of most fascinating places to explore.  To feel like a Dr. Silvia Earle on another planet is pretty cool.  There are many species to see and many elements of gameplay to engage in.   It maybe Minecraft underwater(of sorts) but thats kinda cool, right?  I look forward to all the future additions to an already interesting game."
,Recommended,264710,30400178,Posted: 8 March,all,2OG mplc.tf/s/onegameonegamer,"Even though Subnautica still has a lot of things that are going to be in the game, it's still very well done in its current state. totally worth the money"
76561198076696204,Recommended,264710,17899315,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Soedric,"My Thalassophobia is being treated with this game. It is not just a great game of survival, but a cure for one of my phobias. I completely recommend it."
76561198059585038,Recommended,264710,30443680,Posted: 11 March,all,Sharchbanarsh,"A fantastic underwater survival game, I just love almost everything about it. Would strongly recommend!Pros:* Atomspheric zones. Each zone / biome have a strong atmosphere that always amazes me. It never feels boring to explore a new zone.* Story. The story is interesting and just really adds to the exploring, encourage you to explore further and hinting you where to go but no need to actually follow up on it. There are also plenty of story of what happened in the past.* Creatures and plants. They all have information about them and their behavoir which gives the game some depth. The player can also make use of the information in how to best approach. It feels meaningful and also interesting.* Survival. Food and water is pretty easily kept in check, but there is always a sense of fear when approaching new creatures. Even when you understand the creatures more, there is no easy way of dealing with them. Opens up for creative thinking on how to deal with them, especially since there isn't really a way of killing them. It makes you cautious when exploring, giving you a thrill and also a highly rewarding feeling.* Different modes. I'm currently only playing in survival mode, but I'm glad to see that there are more to choose from to adapt it to your prefered playstyle.Cons:* Bugs and glitches. Which is expected for an early access game. I wouldn't say they make the game unplayable, I haven't encounter those that does at least.* Optimization. The system req. is quite high, adding more options to make it playable for less system req. would be good. Hopefully they are working on improving it as well."
76561198012460810,Recommended,264710,15691863,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Drunken,"I have never scuba dived, but I've always been fascinated by it. Subnautica is not helping!The atmosphere is amazing, the crafting system is deceptively deep (it feels shallow and simple, but there is much to plumb within it), and the base gameplay is fun and has yet to get stale.As fare as it's state of completeness, I'm writing this as of 5/4/2015 and I can say it runs better and is more complete than several recent AAA titles, but that is setting the bar a little low. The developer is very involved and actually working pretty dillegently on this project.I normally have a ""No early access"" rule when it comes to games, but I'm glad I made an exception for this title."
76561198073797666,Recommended,264710,21702324,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Excalibur,"Subnautica is an awesome game. 9/10It’s just something about the deep blue ocean that relaxes me and terrifies me at the same time. Something about not being able to see what’s beneath you when you are in the deep dark areas. Or seeing a faint, glowing light  in the deep dark abyss. Or being alone on an underwater planet where any creature of any size could grab you at any second. OR The deep distinct hum of the massive Reefbacks you can hear while in the deeper parts of the ocean. It’s the feel of isolation, exploration, and survival that brings this game together.Subnautica is an underwater exploration/survival game. It's a game where you can build advanced technologies to survive on an uncharted planet that is completely covered in ocean with a variety of flora and fauna that is native to the planet. The game starts as your huge ship called the “Aurora” explodes and is sent crashing down to the surface of a planet. You manage to survive in an escape pod only to find  yourself on planet 4546B. A waterworld, where the entire planet is covered with an ocean. From there you can explore the ocean,build a variety of submersibles, build sea bases, and discover and record the flora and fauna of the planet.The devs seem to put a lot of love and effort into their game by constantly giving us great updates to improve the game. One thing I love about the game is you can take pictures in game and put it as a picture frame on a wall in your sea base, I don’t know I just really thought that was neat.If you love the ocean and its strange creatures, or if you love exploring  and building sea bases then this game is for you. I always wanted an underwater game where you can explore and see its wildlife face to face. I felt like someone had to make a game that you can do this and Subnautica fills that need for me :D"
,Recommended,264710,30281870,Posted: 2 March,all,⊰★ FrankenBell,I very much recommend this game if you want a deeply immersive game that you can literally zone out in for hours. I find this game very relaxing while tense in dangerous situations. With the new updates coming makes the experience for this game even more fun!! Worth every penny!
,Recommended,264710,20777045,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,John Spencer.,"The survival game, that differs from many others. And it's VERY cool, here are some pros and cons.1. +/- The map IS limited, but hey! It's very big and detailed, you wont get bored because of the small map, i promise.2. + Tons of content and cool stuff like submarines, many fishes, creatures and stuff ALREADY! (hey, it's early acces btw)3. + Brilliant underwater world atmosphere, totally recommend this game to any person who likes diving.4. + Nice graphics.5. + Sound. Yea, it's perfect, from fish sounds, to musiс, everything is just awesome.6. - No multiplayer. Well, developers promised to make it, but in a very distant future.7. - Many bugs, yea, the game IS in development, and it means bugs.8. - Optimisation is bad.To sum the things up, it's a really interesting survival underwater simulator, despite it's in the early acces, and i will really recommend it to anyone who loves survival games."
76561198047758581,Recommended,264710,25614684,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ForTheWoolfy,"Okay, so I absolutely adore this game and I am super excited to see it continue to grow and expand as the months progress! I will do up a list of Pros and Cons of the game, although I highly recommend you buy it if you are into this style of the game.Pros:- Open exploration in a vast, authentic, alien world- A nice sense of realism in a fictional world --> The plants and the creatures suit their biomes- The flora and fauna all have amazing designs- Reaper Leviathans are the bane of my existence- Beautiful world- Very immersive- Lots of content despite the lack of storyline- Lots of potential- Is great and amazing- Keeps you hooked with its current snippets of possible future storyline such as found in the PDA's- Frequent updates- The creaters really seem to care about this game which is great to see. Tehy have a very high level of both detail and qualityCons:- Reaper Leviathans are the bane of my existence- Make sure your computer is able to handle the specs- Without a storyline you eventually run out of things to do - I built the Cyclops, the PRAWN suit and even scanned a Reaper Leviathan and the only things I can do now include exploration, more base building or just wait for further updates.- A few bugs which is fair enough for an early access game. Major bugs I have encountered: released a hatched ray near my base and it managed to glitch inside (It's cute cause it's a pet but sometimes it runs into me when I am crafting things) and my lifepod floated all the way over to the dune biome where Reapers are - was forced to swim there because it I still hadn't crafted a base and I needed to use the fabricator. Went back later when I had the cyclops and dropped down directly under it to find there actually was a Repear directly under it...- If you are not into open sandbox-style games you will not appreciate it at the moment as there are only self-set objectives currentlyI hope this helps anyone who is still wondering whether or not they want to risk it! My 30+ hours spent playing Subnautica say yes!"
,Recommended,264710,25063657,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ordo Skirata,"Great game. Both visually and in terms of gameplay.I was cautious when buying Subnautica as survival games as a whole have become extremely boring throughout time, however Subnautica brings a fresh survival experience for anyone who has become bored of the monotomy of the usual survival games.On an ocean filled planet, exploring the depths should be an exciting exprience and the developers have made that so. The map is filled with very unique areas with more to come. Most of these areas require exploring due to rare resources being present or blueprint parts for building new equipment/tools.The game is in Early Access so there are a few bugs and framerate issues in the game, but it's worthwhile noting that new content is being pumped out by the developers at an acceptable rate and bugs are being fixed, which makes it worthwhile buying into the early access.I expect I'll manage to get a minimum amount of 25 hours of gameplay, which for £15 is a good deal !"
76561197966574123,Recommended,264710,30313971,Posted: 4 March,all,Captain Radical,"First of all, most game developers today are just fishing for money. But you can really feel that the people behind Unknown Worlds Entertainment really put their mind and time into this game. At first I was skeptic because I love survival like Fallout 4 and and I tried some other survival games and got really disappointed. So I bought it and game it a try, and I absolutely love it. It runs smooth, looks beautiful and on top of all, the game play is fun. And all this for just 20 Bucks. Support these guys and buy the game.I like to say thank you for this great game and piece of art."
76561197993519855,Recommended,264710,19327893,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Marvai,"Generally I adore survival games, and this was no exception. A game where you can't carry over 44,000 tons of mass, a game where you have to decide what to pick up rather than scoop up everything that looks shiny. Sleek graphics and usually sleek animations with it. Fun submersibles, excellent detail of various separated underwater biomes.But Jesus Christ I've never played a horror game more terrifying than looking out over a vast expanse of seemingly empty water and seeing a submarine-sized death snake lunging its roaring jaws at me and latching onto my pitiful little sea moth. You know what? I've never played a horror game more terrifying than looking out over a vast expanse of seemingly empty water and simply WONDERING if I'll see anything at all. Or swimming through a field of red grass and having my whole house suddenly rumble from the bellowing groans of some unseen beast. I'd spend half an hour just trying to build up courage to explore the next biome, for fear I'd encounter some sort of massive Lovecraftian horror. You can never tell if a beautifully detailed environment will hold a bunch of harmless tiny fish or if there's a gigantic behemoth waiting to swallow you whole. Or a bunch of tiny fish ready to snap at you, and a gigantic behemoth that ends up being passive and friendly.If you don't know what the biomes are and where they are... and if you don't know just what sorts of behemoths await you in this game... you might end up like me and spend several hours just looking at the edge of the initial reef, towards some big seaweed,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself over the idea of swimming just a couple feet into it. And sometimes you'll be right to do so. Do yourself a favor and don't look up anything about this game, the discovery is the greatest treat in my opinion.10/10 would flood my house in♥♥♥♥♥♥again."
,Recommended,264710,15460749,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,♥ JustMoe ♥,"This is an awesome game! I know it's still in early access and there are still bunch of bugs, but there is so much stuff you can do already.So you crash on a planet with the surface mostly made out of water and you have to dive into the ocean and find materials to craft things that can help you survive. Build submarines to go even farther down into the deps of the ocean. Explore dangerous caves, meet hostile sea creatures, build sea bases, etc.This game has so much potential to it.The developers are doing great job by making this game more fun and interesting to play :DI only played this game for few hours but I already fell in love with it XDYou should try this game out!"
76561197960502342,Recommended,264710,25731574,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Cydergoth,"This is the first time I've reviewed a game on Steam and I'll keep it short.I can't stop playing Subnautica. If exploration in an unforgiving, rich, beautiful environment with a game which definately doesn't hold your hand is your thing, just buy it already.Also, this is Early Access done RIGHT. Great feedback system, remarkably bug free (expect some missing model skins) and extremely playable with lots of content."
,Recommended,264710,22437227,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,KQLY VACBAN,"SubnauticaThis game is just a masterpiece of an ""Early Access"" game.The developers really care about their game and their community. They have yet never disappointed me with an update and it gets more interesting with each update. Trust me, it is worth every penny of the price.I usually restart my game with every update and start from all over again.+Atmosphere+Gameplay 9/10 (needs more Peepers)+Technology+Early Access yet so ♥♥♥♥ing good, very impressive+Creature design(creatures look really like aliens)+Nearly no bugs-Technology(Even though it has a lot of them already, if you know where they can be found, it can get really easy)-If you know everything, this game gets so ridiculous easy-Terrain sometimes pops up infront of you which can be quite weirdI definitely recommand this game for everyone who want a change.Surviving on an ""Alien Planet"" is something you should look at :)"
76561198092199840,Recommended,264710,33151958,Posted: 2 July,all,jay,"Damn. What do I even say? I picked this game up back when I had an Intel HD 4400. Game ran horribly. Then when I upgraded and managed to play the game at decent graphics, I really saw how well this game shines.Beautiful landscapes,Terrifying depths,Survival,Crafting,Story,This is the best you'll get out of an early access game in 2017, definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,264710,17570869,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,zhennyZ,Never been more terrified of the ocean in my life
,Recommended,264710,28323663,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Lara Croft,This is one of best survival games. 5 stars!Recommended !
,Recommended,264710,20046993,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Vem,*Loads in game**looks outside**Is very afraid**jumps in anyways**realizes it's not so bad**hears large groan*NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE*sits in pod and cries**dies of starvation*Leaving your room simulator 2016
,Recommended,264710,26251968,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,[K9]CuboidFox,"I’ve spent a long time trying to find a decent underwater survival style game and I’ve finely found it. Even though this game is in early access it sure doesn’t feel like it. It's also nice to see an early access game still being updated and not left to rot like most early access games on Steam. Though I’ve only played a couple of hours I feel right at home with this game already, it’s amazing,The graphics are amazing, the creatures are amazing, the story is amazing, I can’t recommended this game enough. Even in it’s early stages this game has plenty for you to do, plenty for you to see. I’m really looking forward to playing though the rest of the game. I will update this review if I feel there is anything else to addAlso hoping they will add steam trading cards as it would be nice to have a badge for this game on my profile along with some awesome looking backgrounds."
,Recommended,264710,15183503,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Gorloss,This game is basically FarSky's successful son....
,Recommended,264710,16679064,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Delt_,1- Wanted to build a huge submarine2- Realised that it would take a long time3- Told myself to..... JUST DO IT!!!!!!4- Built a submarine5- Crashed it with in 2 minutes of building it6- Cried for 6 days14.52/10 would cry again ;)
,Recommended,264710,18990727,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Vandor11,So much potential and they know it.
,Recommended,264710,22032487,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Vanlock - Vive so Real!,"Screenshots and videos of the game look really good right ? Well it's even better when you're actually playing it.Swimming in the depths with headphones is a unique experience. I'm really glad I finally bought this game !Yes some parts of the game are still under construction, but the main mechanics are working pretty well and there are a lot of things to build, places to explore, fishes to eat.Development is progressing smoothly and it looks like I'll be able to continue with my saved game as they add more and more stuff in it !To me it's clearly one of the most fulfilling and well made earlyAccess open-world sandbox out there ! AND it's in a completely unique setting !"
,Recommended,264710,31471977,Posted: 30 April,all,GiftedGlue,This game is my favorite game so far. It deserves all the liking it gets!
,Recommended,264710,14510301,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,BananaKebab,"Pros:-Amazing Graphics-Runs very smoothly-Crafting is fun and easy-Researching on the game and learning how to obtain certain resources is fun/interesting---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cons:-None (lol, I really like the game atm)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Suggestions:-Adding pressure physics (is it called pressure physics? - idk lol). With the pressure physicsthere should be gear to keep you from being crushed from the pressure.-MAKE GOLD AND COPPER EASIER TO FIND!!!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall, this game is awesome.Rate: 11/10"
76561198071923497,Recommended,264710,20187353,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Proxz,"wow, just WOW, i cant belive this game is still in early dev. This game feels complete and the developer are still working hard to maek this game even BETTER than it is now, this game is a BLAST to play!HIGHLY RECOMENDED(spelling is bad english not good)"
,Recommended,264710,25187649,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Rheuz,"Subnautica promises hours of gameplay as you scour a nearly boundless ocean, filled to the brim with creatures to make you jump, and the prospect of treasures to fill you with the determination to hunt those creatures down.And you know what? This early access game delivers - in spades.When I first began playing, I felt afraid - the ocean was vast, and here I was, but a lone survivor amid my spaceship, crash-landed with nothing more than an escape pod. The initial hour or so was nerve-wracking; necessitated by my need to survive, I plunged into the ocean and searched for food. I learned what areas to avoid, what food was best to you, and so forth. In time my arsenal of technological goods expanded, and so too did my confidence; you could say that after a while, this small outpost of sorts became home. What once would strike fear into me became a daily ritual of survival.The game rewards you systematically, encouraging you to explore each region to find blueprint fragments that unlock fulfilling technologies. I'm talking about new ships, weapons, and improvements for your habitat. The game is filled to the very brim with unlockables; you'll want to collect them all, as they change how you experience the game for the better.Even more so, this game's strongest point is the environment, and the sense of isolation and helplessness as you further your quest. You truly feel alone out here, and after a while the aquarium you keep in your underwater base will fill you with comfort. This sense of isolation makes finding the sparsely outcropped islands - with remnants of some past people - so much more rewarding. It nudges you on even further, the sense of exploration and curiosity driving your every footfall.Everything about this game is beautifully done: from the creaking of your underwater base under pressure, to the sun shafts that greet you amid your ascent from the darkness of the ocean's abyss - you will feel emotionally rewarded by this game in every way.For now, I will wait patiently for this game's v1.0 release, and then I will come back knowing that the developers have created something worth experiencing."
,Recommended,264710,30740225,Posted: 25 March,all,frorran,"Subnautica is a survival/adventure game where you're stranded on a planet calledPlanet 4546Bit is completely covered in water but has a few islands (I think there are two of them). It's a really adventurous game with lots of caves and biomes to explore. Build your own base and ships to travel around the planet... The game has a story that I regret not paying full attention to since a lot of people have told me it's really interesting and that they're liking it a lot. It's a very thrilling game and really something out of the ordinary compared to other survival games out there.Here are my pros and cons:ProsVery atmospheric and beautiful, not once did I explore a biome without thinking""Wow, this looks amazing...""The adventure is hard to end, there are so many caves to explore that lead to unknown depths. Hell! Even going out looking for resources will lead to a whole other adventure! It's amazing!What I found most interesting is that all plants/creatures have their own way of acting, each and every one is unique in it's own way and you can scan them using a craftable tool to get all information there is about it.My final pro would have to be just the overall feel of exploring. The more you play the more creatures you'll find, both passive and aggressive... The more you learn about them the more cautious you'll get, which gives you a thrill when exploring.. The feeling is unique and I haven't felt this in any other game ever.ConsBugs and glitches - It is after all something to expect from an Early Access, just something to point out to players who can't deal with such things.Optimization isn't the best, but not really the worst either... Frame drops usually only occur when rendering big and open areas when visiting/re-visiting them for the first time/first time in a long time.I'm not sure if this is still a thing after the""Infected Update""but it's still worth pointing out... When I last played Subnautica I ran into really bothering glitches like random fish disappearing, lootables disappearing and no creatures anywhere... It would happen every 30 minutes or so and the only way to fix it would be to close the game and clear the cache. Quite annoying but will probably be fixed soon (If not fixed already).Strongly recommend this game, if you're into survival this game WILL NOT disappoint. It's absolutely amazing, and it's a crazy experience!"
76561198083810631,Recommended,264710,24048663,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Grimmflyer,"I love Subnautica not only because of the insane graphics but because we who supported them in early access have seen this fantastic game grow. From a little game with simple gameplay, to this super good game with... i'm not going to spoil anything for the new players BUT its awsome. This is my favorite early access game EVER it's hard to beat it. If the Unkown Worlds see this, great job i love it so much."
,Recommended,264710,13442445,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Hoodyhoo,"Since this is early access, my recommendation is for those who enjoy taking part in a game as it's being built.  If you are looking for a complete, near-bugless game - stay away for now.If you are still interested in taking part on a true voyage of seeing a game in its infancy as it blossoms into a full fledged polished game, this is a great place to start!  Subnautica is made by the developers of Natural Selection - a company who has a history of taking good care of their games and listening to their fan base.  Even in its current state, Subnautica is looking like UW is pooring love into it!What should you expect right now?  Underwater exploration in a very pretty environment.  There's a crafting system similar to minecraft where the gathering of resources can allow you to build advanced tools and toys (like drills and vehicles).  There's not a whole lot to do at the moment but explore.  However, the graphics are very beautiful and you'll probably catch yourself swimming around for minutes on end just admiring the scenery and saying high to the alien manitees.Overally, I think this game has the chance to be something really special when it's done, and if you have some spare money to blow on an early-access - give this one a shot!"
76561198155411131,Recommended,264710,31551703,Posted: 4 May,all,WinterNatt,"This game.. is beyond worth it. If you're even thinking about buying it, just do it. So immersive, so wonderful and you will not want to stop playing it. The story is developing very nicely and the graphics are much better than anticipated, through the numerous updates. There certainly are several things that are amazing and some that are infuriating, but for the most part it is fantastic. A lot of species of flora and fauna, a lot are terrifying but that is what makes it fun!The world is huge. There is so much to explore, mostly underwater, but some above as well, which is pretty refreshing after spending most of your time submerged. Speaking of underwater, you can travel into extreme depths. Which is mostly petrifying for me as I have an extreme fear of deep waters (go figure.) You most definitely have to travel far down below if you want to complete the story, which I have yet to do.PROS:ImmersiveAmazing graphicsSo much to exploreTONS of different flora and fauna to discoverGreat story lineBeautiful landscapes both under and above waterHas different modes; from survival to creativeLots of different bases and vehicles to createCONS:TERRIFYINGReaper Leviathans are abslutely horribleVery buggy with certain animations, such as traveling in the SeamothHunger and hydration deplete a little too fastOverall, this game is undoubtedly worth the buy, and definitely worth the price. Even if you have a fear of deep waters, like me, you'll enjoy some aspects of it. It's pretty great for feeling great when you finally get into the Lost River or the Lava Zones, through the dark and whatnot. Hopefully, at some point in the future, the developers implement an update where we might actually see the Precursors. That would be rad."
76561198008140032,Recommended,264710,34100324,Posted: 8 August,all,redtailsharke,This game is good and if devoleped right could be the next big solo game.
,Recommended,264710,19045770,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Jackbate,"I started playing Subnautica again after a long break of not playing (got the game towards mid April) and came back to see that Subnautica has continued to get constant updates and bug fixes during my time away from it.New items, creatures, and zones have been added along with the touch up of some pre-existing ones. It appears that the developers do care about the game and still put effort into releasing new content to ensure its release as a full game. Even as an early access game it has a vast amount of content, providing more to do than many completed games.I highly recommend this game if you are looking for a single-player open world exploration/survival type game.Edit: Over the course of over 2 years since initially purchasing the game it has continued to receive content updates and bug fixes on a regular basis. Graphical improvements, new zones, items, and new sea life have been consistently added to the game. It was worth a purchase before and is definitely worth it now."
,Recommended,264710,21557881,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Masterspeed,"I haven't put too much time into this game, but with what I've put into it now, I must say, I love it.I've played quite a few ""survival"" games, but this one finally opens up for me, being lost in an alien world almost completely engolfed in a vast ocean is wild.I'm not so great with writing reviews, so I'll try and just say, I really enjoy this game and what it has to offer. They seem to be updating it quite a lot and with each update, they seem to hold something brand new to the game.I'm really looking forward to the future of this game guys, you're doing great."
76561198036072139,Recommended,264710,14666287,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Valkyrie,"My kids normaly dont pay to much attention to what I play, but this game just drew them in. The amazing lovely graphics made my kids wild, so a great explorer game for kids :) I have fun aswell, its hard but fun, lovely and very vizual. So if your like me then get this game and get lost in the amazing world that has been created. :)"
76561198073832092,Recommended,264710,22907477,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Bartolussi,I totally love this game and I think the devs are doing a great job as well.The only missing thing...multiplayer!
,Recommended,264710,21012809,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dragunov,"I absolutely adore this game; not since the days of Minecraft 1.5 have I been so utterly addicted to a game.The parallels to minecraft and most all other survive/explore/build style games are evident, but the twist of this entire exploration taking place underwater, with undersea bases, and submarines that send my mind back to the ol' days of Descent (the Seamoth anyway!)Packed with beautiful, enigmatic, at times terrifying flora and fauna, vastly different biomes to explore, and a real sense of purpose and progression in trying to explore them all for the more exotic resources needed for awesome items, I really cannot say enough good things about this game.In another parallel with Minecraft however, I must say that at first one is completely lost on what to do, and how to go about things; I could make an awful joke about being thrown in the deep end, but what I would say is to anyone unsure about buying the game, or maybe have already bought it and are testing the proverbial waters, is that it does take a bit of time to figure out what does what and where you need to go to get this and that, and how exactly to survive, but once you get used to it, that's when the real adventure begins.Another thing that I find very commendable is the development team's eaegerness and regularity of updates; while this game is incomplete currently, from the previous two updates I've had the pleasure of experiencing I can tell that even if the game takes ten years to fully complete, each regular update will keep me more than entertained during that process.Thank you Subnautica Development Team, my productivity will be heavily damaged for months to come as a result of your creation!"
,Recommended,264710,25268747,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Mittsie,"Subnautica is about isolation, the loneliness in that vast ocean of unknowns. Taking your submersible down into the black depth is terrifying. You reach a crevasse and you balance on the edge of safe, shallow waters and the empty nothingness below. The atmosphere is pounding you as hard as the pressure on your sub as you're going further down. 50 meters, 150, 300, 500. You can only see what little of the ocean floor is illuminated by your vehicles lights and you are alone, scared and vulnerable. Hurrying to gather the resources you need you notice something. You take out your handheld flashlight and sweep a beam of light out into the darkness, you're not alone. The lights strikes something in the distance, something large, very large. The echo of a creature roars and rumbles through you and you hurry back to the submersible. Turning the powerful lights around you hear it again, and then you see it. You see the the reason why there are no fish around, why the creatures so plentiful in the shallows do not swim this deep. Now you've seen it, and it has seen you.This is Subnautica, welcome.After about 100 hours put into the game it has already far exceeded my expectations. It's the first exploration game that feel like the devs got it right. The building features are fun and rewarding. Exploration is awesome and it just feels on point.If you want an exploration game that works, is interesting, funny, scary and that makes exploration actually FEEL like exploration then please, buy it. Help the developers make this game what it can be and we will all be rewarded with a fantastic game. It's already worth every penny."
,Recommended,264710,15030730,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,volksgasmaske_v2,"Subnautica is a joyful, outstanding and long-time motivating game. Concerning the fauna and flora this title is detailled and plausibly modeled. In combination with the great matching sound effects and music Subnautica develops a unique atmosphere that you will find only in a few other games e.g. Metroid Prime (GCN)/Super Metroid (SNES) or Treasures of the Deep (PS1).On daytime (in the game) it is a pleasure to discover the underwater world, collect and store materials and use them later to produce items in your safety capsule. Later on you will be enabled to build your own submarines and underwater base. In the early stage the capsule seems to be the one and only place were you can feel safe. Especially when night time approaches your mood changes radically. It is harmful out there. During night time I always develop goose bumbs because of the shock effect when suddenly a creature appears and bites you. You can hardly await for the next daytime to feel safe and carry on your discovery journey or make screenshots ;).When playing Subnautica you will forget the time. When you  loved Treasures of the Deep you will love this game too.Even though it is an ""early access"" title it plays very smooth. Yes, it has got some bugs like crashes. When loading a saved game to continue gaming it crashes often on my machine (Lenovo W540 mobile workstation, playing in full graphics quality and highest resulution). Regarding drawbacks I have noticed some minor collision problems with objects when interacting with the environment (polygon intersection). Another deficit of this game is that within the actual build no missions are included like they are in Treasures of the Deep. But the dev-time is still in the design phase and maybe they will implement quests etc.What is very interesting (when I noticed right) is the fact that each time you start a new game from the beginning (no save game) the topology of the ocean, position where items are placed and your start equipement is diffrent from the last one. Which is cool and an additional motivating factor of this game.Hovewer in this early stage Subnautica makes a strong impression, especially in technical atmospheric context, and makes great value of your money spend for this game.08/10For the final build I would be very happy to have the opportunity ... :- to load my own models/maps into the game or- have an editor to design them by my own,- quests are warmly welcome,- grow my own see food on the ground of the ocean,- more usage of the digging/terra morphing ability."
,Recommended,264710,17420304,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,∆ BOBB¥CORPS 韵律 ∆,"Subnautica is one of the few well done early access survival games out there on steam today. With an abundance of poorly made ""cash-grab"" games, Subnautica proudly stands above them as what an early access game should be. Developed enough to be worth playing yet with constant updates adding multiple new features per update.This game offers a fresh concept of survival not based on scavanging destroyed buldings and killing zombies but by exploring the ocean's depths and living off the sea life that inhabits it. Exploration is the key point of this game while survival is a secondary goal that must be met in order to continue playing the game.PROS---------+ For an early access game already plenty of features+ Few to none game breaking bugs+ Constant updates+ Beautiful scenery (looks better then some AAA games)+ Few games like it+ SoundtrackCONS---------- No real ""endgame""- Not much really stopping you from surviving- Can be awkward for beginners to pickup- Some major updates require a restartFINAL REVIEW-------------------I normally don't reccomend early access games personally I think they are a loophole in selling a half-finished game, Subnautica is not like that. This game is a breath of fresh air in the early access survival game genre offerring hours of gameplay and  high quality content. For those of you over at /r/thalassophobia this game is a perfect way to explore your fear or facination of the deep unknown."
76561198142319273,Recommended,264710,17016949,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,reg,"I can easily say this is one of the best early access games I have played. The graphics really did blow me away, the amount of detail that has been put into this game is quite stunning, making the game much more interesting. The Story of the game is quite the standard, ""Your ship crashed and you are the only remaining survivor, blah blah blah"" But for me, this game feels very different. The underwater aspect makes it feel much cooler and the submarines look really amazing. The new updates that the developers have been adding really are great and with more to come, this game already is great with more great things to come!"
76561198006587528,Recommended,264710,19384709,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Chuman,"I am totally in love with Subnautica. It's great to see that after 30 years of PC gaming I can still get totally engrossed in a new game and excitedly await every new update. Even though still in a very polished early access stage, Subnautica has great future potential and the Dev team's engagement with the community will surely turn this into a masterpiece upon release.+ Fantastic looking voxel based, alterable world, inhabited by an interesting and massive variety of fauna & flora.+ Great sci-fi Art style+ Good pacing (already) between exploring and growing your ability to become self sufficient+ Exploration and resource gathering never becomes tedious (because of the constant risk vs. reward going on due to being underwater and limited in oxygen supply/swimming time)+ Base building is fun and rewards player creativity+ Sc-fi crafting and progression is fun to explore and expand as you widen your horizons in the game world.+ Some really scary moments thrown in to keep the heart rate up and the player on alert+ Brilliant setting and story/lore opportunities (not yet fully realised, but you can already see where this is going)- Minor graphic glitches now and then (early access), but constantly being worked on. I have no worries about the future here as the devs are really close to the players and actually share their backlog/current work items publically!- Lack of fully implemented story mode or goal driven narrrative, though the framework is there and being worked on.I have never had more fun with an early access title than I am having with Subnautica. Unknown Worlds Entertaniment is well deserving of my support and I hope even more open world survival sandbox fans will join me in supporting this gem in the making."
76561198048803176,Recommended,264710,22601690,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ZeroWaitState,"I remember as a kid going to Epcot center at Disneyworld and seeing the ""underwater"" exhibit Seabase Alpha, where they create the illusion that you are in an underwater habitat.  I remember the feeling of awe and wonder I had, even knowing then that it wasn't real.  When I played this game, I felt like I was a kid again walking around Seabase Alpha, and not just that, but building it.The game is still rough around the edges, but it's amazing that in it's unfinished state, with areas not yet populated with stuff, some items not yet interactable, and some research not available, I still can't tear myself away from it.  The core gameplay just works.  It's not that it's really deep (the crafting system is very basic), but the satisfaction you get from carving out a small corner of survivable space in an area so hostile to human life is just awesome.I only have about 30 hours in this game, but there's a foundation here for truly awesome amount of gameplay."
,Recommended,264710,22507367,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Luka,"This is amazing ! Do you know why? It is not the content, although that's pretty epic by itself ! It is not the music or the world, both are gorgeous as hell.... know why this is amazing ??? It is ONLY early acess. Meaning? THERE IS MORE!!10/10"
,Recommended,264710,34912947,Posted: 12 September,all,CharlieBrownTV,"I got this game to play with my 5 year old son for our YouTube channel and this game is AMAZING!  (I have a DEEP fear of the ocean so it has been hilarious for my son to watch me try to get through this game).-Story/Setting-We are absolutely in love with the mystery in this game!  I have a fear of the deep ocean so all of the dark caves, mysterious sea creatures, and horrifying sounds from the depths will haunt my nightmares forever.  The sound and music of this game does an excellent job of drawing you into the world.  We are eager to discover the many mysteries that surround this ocean and I can't help but shake the feeling that something lurks the deep water only at night.-Gameplay-This game does an amazing job of not telling you directly what to do but still guides you toward progression points through the communications you get throughout the game.  It reminds me of gaming back before the developers had to hold your hand with waypoints and tutorials for every new tiny feature.  We are continually discovering new ways to get around this alien world and with each discovery the world gets that much more vast!-Controls-Controls are usually one of the first things I research about a game before I purchase it.  The game is easy enough for my 5 year old son to pick up on the basics so that means this is a game theoretically anyone could handle learning.  My son plays on an Xbox controller because he does not quite have mouse/keyboard gameplay down yet.  I play both and the controls translate wonderfully on each!Here is a video sample of some Father/Son Subnautica if anyone would like to see more without any major story spoilers.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXFguzZ-vb4"
,Recommended,264710,14057147,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,GhostyAF,"I'm really enjoying this game so far! It looks amazing and the gameplay is incredibly smooth for an EA game.My only criticism is that there isn't really a clear tutorial (other than little text promts telling you what to collect). This made it really frustrating for me when starting out.Just in case anybody else is having the same problem, I made a quick little guide for starting out :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqC2eVbG_9Q&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,264710,24156481,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Yodzilla,As someone who is not really a fan of survival-crafting type games Subnautica seems like a quality title even in this unfinished state. Yes there are some mesh seeming and draw distance issues but overall the world is gorgeous. The gameplay is fairly laid back which I appreciate and the creature designs are fantastic. Not too far into the game but the survival aspects aren't nagging which is also good and you can play the game with them off if you so choose.Looking forward to seeing how this progresses further but I'm already happy with it. Best underwater game since Treasures of the Deep.
76561198069190676,Recommended,264710,15231178,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Speckled Cephalopod,"Saw this game on Steam just after Christmas, didn't think much of it. Then I saw FRANKIEonPCin1080p give it a go. So I decided to buy it to try it for myself, and I was pleasently surprised. This game is amazing, a couple of flaws but the postives outweigh the negatives. The deal is simple, your ship, The Aurora, a terra forming vessel, is hist by a ""Mysterious energy pulse"" Sending you crashing down in an alien sea where you must survive.I'll start with negatives, and get them out the way. First off, there isn't much to do at the moment. You can build a base, which is quite easy as I was given the tool to do that in my life pod (I'm not sure if everyone gets the builder tool in their pod, but I did) So Building a base was the first thing I did. After that I built the tier 1 submarine, and whizzed around for a while collecting food and resources, and that's all I've done, and all you really can do (From my experience so far). The next negative is not really a problem, but it can get annoying at times. Frames can drop, to the point of being a 6th grade powerpoint presentation. Apart from the, that's where the negatives die off.Now for the positives. The graphics are interesting, in the sense of the art style. The various fish look so good, giving you the real sense of being stranded on an alien planet. The water is some of the best I've seen. And the look of the various plants is stunning, and the terrain is well done, featuring caverns, caves and forests of seaweed. Which can be home to some nasty predators if you don't watch yourself. Next up is the crafting. I LOVE IT. It looks complicated when you first go into the system, but it's so simple. And when you have all the requirements for a recipe, it 3D prints the item right infront of your eyes, which is something I've never seen. The controls are responsive, it feels good to play, the submarine controls are similar to Star Citizen's gameplay, wherever your mouse points is where your submarine will want to go, but it can feel a little bit slugish sometimes, espeacially in caves.Overall, this is one of the early access games where you actually get what the devs say in the descritpion. However there are some periods when you don't hear a thing about the game. However when we do hear something it's usually really detailed and good. I'd highly recommend this game to anyone who likes survival sandbox games and are looking for a somewhat new approach to the genre. And $20 dollars USD is well worth it, certainly giving you what you payed for."
,Recommended,264710,14980268,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Riley2142,Two words:Buy It.
,Recommended,264710,34087726,Posted: 7 August,all,Terro,"It is an amazing game, very creative, with a misterious places to be discovered and a well developed history. Currently on of my favorite games."
,Recommended,264710,15822676,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Tezla!,"This game is an underwater survival game. it's kinda creepy for those people scared of deep water but it's really good. There is 3 different game modes ""Free roam"", ""Survival"" and ""Hardcore"". I am going to guess that you know what those game modes are. Hint for players that is scared easily ""don't go near the huge ship that is damaged"". I would recommend this game for players that love survival games!"
,Recommended,264710,20749508,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,HuronW,"Holy cow, haven't been so into a game for years, not even Fallout 4 or Witcher 3 can do that to me to this extent. Brilliant game without a doubt.As I was playing the game I actually got emotionally attached to my personal vehicle Seamoth, before I accidently crashed it to a hard, hard rock... And yes, you can name it, color it, and customize it as you like.11/10."
76561198248563474,Recommended,264710,25759049,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,-Silver-,"Subnautica gives me hope in early access games.It is basically a survival game with a lot of options in crafting, in which a lot of those optionsyou need to find it's blueprint first.It is a very immersive atmosphere, I can't count the times I almost♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants exploring the caves or diving into bottomless pits.It has a huge variety of friendly and agressive animals.From what i've seen until now in this game, it looks like there is a story to it, you can find logs of other survivors in destroyed escape pods or large parts of a bigger star ship.All of this and the game is still in early access (there's more but I can't recall, sorry :( ).I totally recomend this game for the price and state it has now.Obs: Sorry for any english errors (not main language) and for not many details in the game, it's my first review. Thx for reading this :)"
76561198078830543,Recommended,264710,22791762,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Modern Spartan,"OK.  I RARELY write reviews for games on Steam.  Infact I believe this is my first one.  However... I cannot keep playing this amazing game without spreading the word on how AMAZING it is!  BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!Does it have issues?  Well yeah, it IS Early Access!  However the dedicated developers work tirelessly to ensure that any bugs/suggestions are met with diligence, and their hard work has produced a game that is... quite frankly... my favorite survival game of all time!First the Cons:1. Bugs are still out there!  Little problems WILL pop up in your game, no question.  I still run into them on a regular basis.  I will say however, they are almost NEVER game-breaking.2. THIS IS NOT A SEARCH AND DESTROY GAME!  This is a survival/exploration game, so if your looking for awsome scifi-weaponry, go buy Halo.  This is a game that forces you to adapt to your environment for your survival, hunting small fish and growing crops while avoiding the predators.3. Patience is required!  You must be willing to spend many hours looking for materials for your creations.  if you want a fast paced arcade style game, this isn't for you.4.  JUMPSCARES!  AND LOTS OF THEM!  There are some awsome looking creatures in this game, and most of them want to kill you.  Life outside your submarine/base ain't easy living!5. If you have a fear of the ocean (many people do, I get it) don't buy this game.  it recreates the feel of the ocean so well, it could cause problems for a phobia.Now for the pros!  Buckle up, because this is a LONG list!1. These creators have some incredible imaginations!  The creatures in this game are beautiful, and all of them behave in unique and natural ways.  From the cute little Peepers to the enormus Reefbacks, and from sleek and deadly Stalkers to the HOLYCRAPTHATMONSTERISEATINGMYSUB Reaper Leviathan... the whole world is ready to be explored!2. The boimes... holy crap the BIOMES!!!  You can't take it all in in one session.  You will spend HOURS exploring your world and not even scratch the surface of its beauty.  Forests of kelp towering like buildings, expanses of bright red grass lining canyon-like formations stretching for what seems like miles, bright glowing forests of mushrooms teeming with bio-luminecent creatures... and thats just a couple examples!  There are nearly a DOZEN of these places, all ready to be discovered!3. This game is most definately an exploration game... but it ain't dull!  Literally EVERY biome has something that can kill you!  You are always checking your suroundings for enemies while you gather precious resources to feed your growing undersea empire!  Some you can fight..... some you cannot......4. While you don't posses any deadly weaponry, the technology you DO possess is all you could ever need.  This game taught me you don't have to slaughter everything in sight to survive in a game like this.  Instead, you can create defensive systems that drive away dangerous predators, and can actually learn to live WITH them!  I have a base inside a Kelp forest teaming with Stalkers, and I've learned how to co-exist with them without bloodshed.  It takes strength to fight... it takes even greater strength to NOT fight...5. Let your creativity run wild!  The impressive base-building system lets you create any kind of home you could possibly imagine!  A fortress of solitude carved into the sand... or an observatory covered in glass, letting you view the world around you from the comfort of home!  You want it... you can build it!6. The wreckage of your ship, the Aurora, is an adventure in itself.  The reactor cores inside must be repaired, or radiation will flood your home miles away.  Now, you could just build a radiation suit and ignore the issue... but then you miss out on some cool addons to your suit that don't protect you from radiation poisoning.  The choice is yours.But be warned... there are dangerous creatures lurking near the ship.....7. The price.  This game is easily worth as much as $39.99 in its current state, and its comming to you for half that!  To quote Garak from DS9: ""I don't know about you... but I would call THAT a bargain!""All in all, this game is currently a 9/10, and its still Early Access!  I cannot even BEGIN to describe what it could look like when its actually released!  Have fun everyone, and see you below the surface!I say again BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,264710,33867343,Posted: 28 July,all,Jmclma,"Subnautica is everything you want from an early access game. The devs listen to the community and activily develop it, making this one of the games im proud of supporting during early access.When I bought the game, the basic thing to do was survive, and that was almost everything that it had and it still was fun. As time went by they started adding a storyline  (which they are still working on) and its a really good one. You feel like you are actually in the Subnautica world because it is so emersive and so intriguing. During the night time you will just get lost as you swim in the ocean because the game is so beautiful and the lifeforms that habit the deeps are mind blowing.Buy the game, play it for 2 hours if you don't like it, refund it, but I tell you this one of the best early access games out there if not the best. Good storyline, good graphics, good gameplay, and not hard to run."
76561197976784833,Recommended,264710,33896399,Posted: 29 July,all,Dude3486,"This is my first review on Steam.  Actually, I think this is my first review of any game on the interwebs.  TLDR: Subnautica(in early access, mind you) is one of the best games I've played since... probably Fallout 4.First off, we've all had bad experiences with early access titles.  After forty hours I can say confidently that the only bugs I noticed were what amounted to minor graphical issues, e.g., fish from outside of my fantastic seabase manage to swim through air and walls, a little clipping on occasion.  The devs have a nice system for reporting bugs and none of the bugs have actually impacted my fun.  This is not a ""barely playable"" early access.There are a lot of things going on in the game, a lot of little systems, but its never really wound up being overwhelming.  The building toolset is extremely solid, and I think I could say less buggy than Fallout 4's at its release.  If you like building forts - as I do - Subnautica has you covered.  The exploration aspect is fantastic and to me, surprisingly thrilling.  I think that comes largely from the fact that this is not a game where you fight back against the awful things out there - this is a game where you run from them.  Don't get me wrong, I've gotten upgrades and whatnot that substanitally help my odds, etc., but because I can't really turn from hunter to hunted, I think the game retains thrills in a much more visceral way.  I find myself peering back and forth, trying to make sure that I see whatever is out there before it sees me.  I enjoy this role much more than I ever thought I would.I can also tell you that there is a lot of game out there.  Hell, I didn't even realize there was a plot/storyline for quite a while because I just sort of did what I wanted to - there is, its neat so far without being too intrusive to my sandboxy adventures.  At 40ish hours, I would say I'm JUST starting to get into some of the most dangerous areas - which also means I have not yet seen the biggest of awful things.  I have plenty left to do, and plenty more I'm excited to do.And also nervous.  Scary areas are scary.I cannot wait to see what else the devs come up with."
,Recommended,264710,26597374,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,spookacabra,built a deep dive exosuit and used its grappling hook to tip a football field sized sea cow thingcow flipped so hard it sent me flying so far into the distance that the game crashed
76561198155113400,Recommended,264710,32725281,Posted: 24 June,all,HatchetWound,"First time i bought this game i needed a refund because my comp wasnt even close to good enough to play. Second time i bought this game i needed a refund because my comp only met the min requirements, it would still barely play. So i went out and bought a bomb a$$ computer and the HTC VIVE..... This is the most amazing game ive ever experienced,  paired with the VIVE its an experience that is both exciting and terrifying at the same time and always awe inspiring. Buy a dope computer and the VIVE, then buy this game."
76561198043671770,Recommended,264710,18574696,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Mutini,"One of the most interesting, fun, exciting yet relaxing games I have ever played.  Its kept me enthralled since the moment I first logged into it a couple of days ago.  The scenery is gorgeous.  I mean seriously.  Whoever is doing the artwork has obviously done his homework and then some.  Subnautica is a game that focusses on crafting, building and exploring.  It does these things well=even in early access.  When you finally build your first Sea Moth you will be psyched!  Multiply that feeling X10 when you eventually build your cyclops and can actually dock your Sea Moth INSIDE it.  Then you can build a fabrication machine and storage lockers inside your cyclops to use the cyclops as a mobile base.  Of course by that time you will have a stationary undersea base as well, and the size and configuration of that is limited only by your imagination.  After 20hrs of game play, there are only a couple of things that I havent created yet(like a thermoelectric plant) but I just found a HUGE undersea cave filled with luminescent plants and creatures to explore.  That and the crashed space ship is supposed to be explorable once you have an ""anti-radiation"" outfit.  Maybe its just because I wanted to be a scuba diver when I was a kid but I am mesmerized by this game.  I will be looking foward to updates and added content in a way that I have never done for a game before.  My only complaint about this game is that I just lost the last 5hrs of game play when the game crashed.  It was the only time the game has crashed on me so far.  Guess I shoulda saved more often huh?  Oh well..."
76561198148502870,Recommended,264710,23268048,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,IsOOk,"I've been following this game and its developers for almost a year now, I think. Maybe even longer. I've spent almost 200 hours in total playing the game. 20 of which I was probably staring at the beautiful scenery, water an light effects. And even though I've been into this game since early 2015, the developers still manage to amaze me every time they put up a new update. Every single update gives me a new reason to start another survival game. I think that the best parts of this game are its looks and sounds. Whenever you're in a safe zone, you really get the feeling of safety and happiness. Once you start going into the deep, you really get that voice in your head, telling you to hurry back to the safe zone. This is the first game I have ever reviewd. In my opinion this game deserves a 10/10. It is still an early access game and still has quite a few bugs if you start looking for them and get as involved with the game as I am. Though still, the team behind this game is doing a very, VERY good job and have managed to step forward with one of the best games I think I have played in the past couple of years. I would seriously recommend this  game to really anyone."
76561198056645429,Recommended,264710,16855436,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Karl Stefanovic,"Aww Man, where do I begin with this AMAZING game!This game has been carefully made by the producers, I mean its so atmospheric and just great! This is perfect for those who are into the survival genre of gaming and its just absolutely mind blowing with its mechanics and everything!Even if you aren't into the survival type game or are trying to like it, this is a perfect place to start! This game is amazing and its honestly worth all the money. BUY THIS GAMEBUT DON'T GO IN HARDCORE MODE! I liked to go into hardcore mode just for more of a challange. But because of a bug when i entered my escape pod thing holding the Sea Glider i just DIED! LIKE THAT AND LOST ALL MY STUFF FOR I WAS IN HARDCORE MODE! This really annoyed me, and im just here to warn people. This will probably be fixed but still, the chance is there!Thank you Game Devolopers!THANK YOU!"
,Recommended,264710,22392671,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,ManOfWhy,"No, the Reaper Leviathan isn't friendly.EDIT: Here's a review.Subnautica is a underwater survival game on a alien planet. At first it seems like just a simple world with a few deadly creatures but as you *dive* into the story you will *sea* there is a bigger picture going on."
76561198152827921,Recommended,264710,17634602,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Shadow_Movement,Constantly being updated!
76561198075292037,Recommended,264710,15470061,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Smith,Buy it. Play it. Love it!
76561198291628525,Recommended,264710,30607408,Posted: 18 March,all,Dragonian72,Best open-world sandbox game I've ever played. Even if it has bugs or glitches!
,Recommended,264710,16323529,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,NoGirlsOnTheInternet,"I sat down tonight to give this game ""a quick run-through,"" and ended up enthralled for hours: This game is completely charming in every way. It's beautiful, the mechanics are fairly simple, and the crafting system isn't tedious or boring. Resources seem to regenerate regularly, which means I don't have to explore far and wide just to survive; exploration seems to be for advancement, which I really like. The sound effects and music pair up with the visual perfectly. There are some objects which seem to lack textures, but that's not unusual for an early access game. In the beginner area (which I haven't yet left,) the hostile creatures aren't overwhelming, and food is plentiful, making learning the game non-stressful and rather pleasant. I can't wait to get to a point where I have more than just the basic starter gear and resources, so I can construct a base, vehicles, and so forth. A+, do recommend!"
76561198038661260,Recommended,264710,25188694,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Soup Daugg,"If you were interested in No Man's Sky, get this instead. It is a much more complete game and it's still in Alpha at the time of this review."
,Recommended,264710,17261791,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,[opst]DovNut,Tons of things to do great game!some of my favorite things to do1. fill lifeboat till it sinks2. build subs3. build bases4. get bored of building base and go to look at crash site5. gets to crash site and finds big loud monster6. honk at monster7.  find that monster is not amused and procededs to push sub8. become unamused of being pushed and proceed to spam horn
,Recommended,264710,33647643,Posted: 19 July,all,✪ d3v,So damn fun and terrifying at the same time.
76561198010153234,Recommended,264710,14703087,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Jack Altrade,"This is my first review I've ever written for a game. This amazing gem simply compelled me to leave my remarks. For my first play I played for many hours straight, in survival and was just working towards creating my first vessel when I crashed, having foolishly not saved I lost all progress, but after a moment of horror and frustration at myself Im ready and willing to ""dive"" back in. Just this time ill make frequent use of the in game save feature.One the best Early Access Games Ive ever played.The graphics are what really drew me in, very beautiful game to just swim around and explore.Inventory management, and crafting is very simple to use and friendly.There are few issues but it is Early Access and for having only been realease in December its off to a strong start.Cant leave in game feedback because the feedback menu opens but everything is shoved up into the top right. Some feedback I'd like to give to the developers-A time based autosave, perhaps save every 10 minutes and or saves on exit.-In addition to the inventory would be nice to have a character equipment panel. Fins and tanks that are clearly equiped to my character, and are even visible on yourself should not take up inventory space.-The pipes are a nice addition but I believe at some point they should have some sort of way in which they have to attach to something, the way they simple ""float"" mind air disrupts the realism.-Its a minor detail and some would disagree but one the first things I noticed that I think could use some touch up is a climb animation for the escape pod when you leave. It just seemed unsettling how you simply ""warp"" to the top of your pod.-Im sure as others hope and perhaps its in the works but multiplayer option seems like a must. Surely a ship that size crashing would have at least a few more survivors. ;)-Speaking of the crashed ship, love its beautiful desing, and use as a landmark back to the pod, it would be a nice a addition if maybe say as an ""end"" game concept you could find away to withstand the radiation and explore the large ships interior.Again I dont leave reviews and apologize if this is not consider the proper feedback. But I do hope the developers glance upon my review if not for the suggestion but even just to let them know, Thank you for this wonderful piece I look forward to more.To fellow consumers would I reccomnend this game even in these early stages? Absolutley"
76561198125347699,Recommended,264710,16143453,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,pickleman711,This game is worth the $20
,Recommended,264710,34585710,Posted: 29 August,all,ViceyThaShizzle,"I've been playing Subnautica for probably almost two years now and have seen it grow into a beautiful game. When I first started the story was barely implemented, but now we are tantalisingly close to seeing the payoff; the satisfying resolution to this tale. A lot of content has been added since I started, fleshing out existing mechanics or polishing them, all of which bring the game together into a more immersive and enjoyable experience. There are still a few bugs here and there but nothing gamebreaking from what i've encountered in my numerous playthroughs of it.Although it's not a horror game per se it does a very good job of making you tense, especially in the early game when you don't have a fleet of vehicles at your disposal and you need to venture into new biomes to get resources or blueprints - that first time you head to the Aurora, just you and perhaps the comforting embrace of your seaglide, you mentally prepare yourself, telling yourself not to worry. As you approach you hear an echoing roar over the screech of metal from the collapsing ship, you look down into the darkness and see him circling far below you. There's nothing between you and him, just water. He's big, how big? Well you'll probably find out for yourself eventually. He's the second most unnerving thing in the game despite the addition of the much larger ghost and sea dragon leviathans, who pale in comparison. The most unnerving thing however is the ocean itself, that feeling of dread in the unknown, the darkness that plunges perhaps for many miles into another world, a world that we have explored very little of, this game does a good job of evoking the thalassophobia that you didn't even know you had. You'll be quite eager to scurry back to your base and watch the fish swim around in your aquarium, safe from the horrors outside.TL;DR - It's a brilliant game which I highly recommend, take your time and don't rush through the story. Enjoy the moments of peace and solitude between the frantic excursions into the unknown."
76561198018592950,Recommended,264710,35041761,Posted: 18 September,all,Nutcracker,"Bought this game mostly as a challenge to myself, I am terrified of the deep dark ocean and all the unknown dangerous creatures and terrors that lurk there. Let me tell you I was not disappointed.However I speak of horror and yet the game is at the same time, very relaxing. As you swim around and get your bearings for the first few hours there's this thrilling awe and excitement while you take in the sights, discover the creatures that live in the safe shallows and the resources that are there. It is not without dangers though because while there are creatures that swim away in fear as you come closer, there are some that are equally as curious about you and potentially... how you taste.Eventually you begin to explore, searching for other survivors, looking for resources in shipwrecks. You start to unveil the story, discovering new biomes and creatures that live there. You begin to look for parts for bigger and better vessels to carry you on your journey and while you're used to the relative safety of where your pod landed, you're also aware that not everything is friendly and peacefull. So while you carefully observe the piece of a ship you're scanning, keeping your eyes on your oxygen levels and the local fauna, you're suddenly reminded of just how tiny and how alone you are. What was that roar?! Whatever made it sounded huge!There's just such a wild array of emotions that this game can make you feel! It can be relaxing and awe inducing, then intriguing and suspensefull, yet absolutely terrifying.While this is a game that is currently in development it is highly recommended, the developers are working hard and pushing updates frequently with no tell of stopping. It is one of the few if not possibly the only early access games that I know of that actually appear to be fulfilling their promise or even just reaching completion. At it's current stage the game is absolutely playable and filled to the brim with content. There are some bugs here and there but it's to be expected when a game is in development."
,Not Recommended,264710,21188814,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Charlie Kelly,"Do not let the thumbs down fool you, this game is absolutely fantastic, and it has extreme potiential for the future, but I want to bring to the forefront something very important to enjoying this game that has been ignored by the Dev's.And that is the extreme lag when rendering new areas.  You will be enjoying the zone you are in and move 20 feet in any direction and your FPS willd drop to the single digits as the game has an epileptic seizsure struggling to render the game world, this will happen to you regardless of hardware, I have an i5-4570 and a (UPDATED GTX 1070 w/ 8gb's of vram, problems still persist) with 8gb's of RAM, there is no excuse for this to be happening on LOW settings.I have been eager to jump back in (no pun) and keep exploring with each update the new content but EACH time I go back, I come face to face with single digit FPS when moving to new areas and I think ""Wow I really don't want to deal with this"" so I turn the game off.ATTN devs, fixing this and increasing LOD distance to show the islands in the distance should be prioritized, I should not be able to swim and stumble upon an island that popped in.Don't be a dayZ subnautica, fix the important, engine related issues before adding new equipment and areas to the game.EDIT: After seeing some downvotes I have to wonder if these people have legitimate greivances with my critique or rather if they're blind fanboys, I've owned this game for over a year and have watched it progress, both of the issues I have stated (low LOD and massive stuttering upon rendering) have been in the game since the game released, this really shouldn't be something put on the backburner because it does not stop you from playing the game, my fear is it will never be fixed and the final game will be full of content and yet a simple yet immersion shattering issue will still plague the game.If you have an SSD I highly recommend installing the game to it, it eliminates much of the problems I have listed here, for those of you without an SSD, you will have to wait until the dev's optimize the game."
76561198196192259,Recommended,264710,29349048,Posted: 18 January,all,Neko's Fluffy Otaku,Its great but if your have a fear of the deap dark parts of the ocean good luck shiting your self
,Recommended,264710,33176288,Posted: 3 July,all,tristanmal,"This is one of the most aesthetically pleasing games I've ever played. The graphics are so immensely smooth, the gameplay is easy to understand and it's the perfect difficulty level. Subnautica is also so very immersive that I easily forget about time and end up playing for longer than I originally planned for.I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes exploring, I personally love it!"
,Recommended,264710,33684362,Posted: 20 July,all,AdonaiChai,"This game is so awesome! It has so many elements that make a game fun.You need to survive on an alien ocean like planet, stay alive, gather food, build a sub and explore.You can also build your own underwater base, while trying to figure out the mysteries of the planet and of the different creatures that lurk in the dark depths.If you are a fan of open world, survival games and want to explore a beautiful, yet creepy alien ocean, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,264710,28825681,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ThommyGunz,"Game has depth for sure. Not going to lie it had me hooked for some 30 hours. Although it did get boring and repetitive. I felt like i explored everything within the first 25 hours of playing. The lag-spikes are annoying af too. Game needs serious optimisation.PROS:- Game looks beautiful.  (If it could support ultra settings)- Amazing depth for the first 20 or so hours. It will have you hooked!- It's early access so theres still time to sort all the bugs.- Good base building properties.- Exploration/Adventure heavy with an aspect of horror. It will keep you on the edge of your seat!- The storyline has been lined up to be something great for sure, you can just feel it its going to be entertaining yet a challenege.- Theres an okayish aspect of realism to it, Depth, Oxygen, Thirst, Food, Temprature etc etc.CONS:- Terrible lag spikes. Even on lowest settings.- The game is littered with bugs.- Awful viewing distance(probably meant this way but its annoying).- Constant NPC/Item spawn/popping into the scene within 100m of you. Its like your moving to fast for the game.- Its 1PP only. There is no aspect of 3PP. Not even when your piloting your Cyclops Sub.- The game will crash when you havent saved it recently. Enjoy that grind to get back to where you were before (Y).- NPCs are on constant noclip cheat, i swear.- Games in dire need of optimisation.OVERALL:8/10. The game is good. and worth the £7.49. Once everything has been resolved (i.e bugs/crashes/glitches) i would recommend this game for sure. It's worth copping in a sale."
76561198252448432,Recommended,264710,21261340,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,awesomeguy101,Subanutica (PRAWN Update)Subnautica is one of my favorite games and if you buy it I think you will enjoy it. Recorces are extremely hard to find with the last update so it takes a while to progress. Finding and scanning fragments forces you to explore your surroundings and have a few close calls with your worst nightmare. From exploding fish to a snake that lives in a giant shroom Subnautica has some very diverse plant and animal life. Swim for your life through a burning space ship! Give the monster that terminated half the Aurora survivors a hug. Dive into hell and then a underwater graveyard. This game has so many diffrent biomes to visit with their won diffrent types of Fauna and Flora. As it gets really deep monsters of bigger and bigger size want to eat you. There is a LOT to explore. The game lore is really intiresting and they are updating the game a lot and even more than one a day if you do expirimental. The updates usualy bring new items and other things into the game normaly being pretty important. This game has one big rule: No guns. SO we are stranded on an ailen planet with no lethal weapons while Allterra sits back and plays C0D. Overall great game 11/10 would buy again!
,Recommended,264710,15812171,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,ϟ Electro-BLITZ ϟ,"Yes, i recommend this game! here is why:The game looks amazing, good detail, it looks very alive compaired to other simulations / survival games.The concept is great, interesting, and makes you think what will come next.This game is still in development, there are bugs like every other game, but i like to note a few of them(most of them are getting fixed as i wrote this review)Its hard to know what to get what resource from, the names from the machine you make items from, are different (or confusing) compaired to the creatures / places that each got there own name.. it can be quite confusing.Sometimes you see a bunch of fish swimming arround, these at the moment of writing looks quite flat and unreal.these are just some examples, but in general, this is really a game to support, well times updates and friendly / interative / responsive creators makes this a ""must have!"".8/10 (based on early delevopment build)"
76561198234774144,Recommended,264710,18202293,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Xenith,"At first glance Subnautica might look like another underwater survival game. But after doing a little bit of exploration, I guarantee you that you will be blown away. What sets this game apart from other survival games is its beautiful environment. You can see just how much thought the devs put in making the game. Every biome you explore is vibrant and different. There are many hidden caves and places to explore. Each place has a different atmosphere. One minute you feel safe, the next, you feel like you're being hunted. The ocean is just teeming with life, from small harmless fish to scary leviathans. Oh, and you can also build your very own submarine and underwater base. This game is definitely a must buy if you're a fan of survival games. It's amazing how good this game already is even though it's still in early access. I daresay that it has the potential to be one of the best survival games out there."
,Recommended,264710,22161359,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Kaizy,"this game is just mindblowing, breathtaking and beautiful."
76561198299403585,Recommended,264710,35383694,Posted: 1 October,all,HoockyGuy12345,"Subnautica...If you like survival, buy Subnautica.If you like exploring, buy Subnautica.If you are scared of oceans, buy Subnautica.If you want a life changing alein ocean experience, buy Subnautica.                           (This game is worth every penny)If you like games with story, buy Subnautica.If you like diving, buy Subnautica.                                                                              (buy Subnautica please)If you like oceans and want to be scared of them, buy Subnautica.If you like fish, buy Subnautica.If you want to get jumpscared by non-horror games, buy Subnautica.                                          (Do it)If you have $25.00, buy Subnautica.If you like subprises, buy Subnautica.If you don't want spoilers for Subnautica by looking it up on youtube (don't), buy Subnautica.If you like Subnautica, buy Subnautica.If you have a life, buy Subnautica.If you want me to stop, buy Subnautica."
,Recommended,264710,15666006,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"Wow, as a great passionate of Farsky i really wanted to play this but didn't have some spare cash to buy it, finally after few months of work i managed to obtain a copy of it and i must say, it is really well done as a game, it is challenging and smart and the graphics seems really pleasant; in the future i will write a better review of it but i must say that i'm happy with it, indeed i was looking for a good singleplayer game because i lost my internet connection for about 3 painful and boring days and with such a game i wouldn't even  notice the difference in my life, an immersive experience, nice one."
,Recommended,264710,14647309,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Pyro,"Restored my faith in early access games. I really enjoy it and Unknown Worlds have been fantastic enough to provide daily updates through their 'experimental' build of the game which is open to all buyers. The game itself is fantastic, lovely visuals and music with lots to see and do."
,Recommended,264710,15026222,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,ApplesMang,Love the game so much. has lots of stuff to do and if you run out of stuff to do you can just swim around and look at the beautiful sea floors
,Recommended,264710,30667513,Posted: 22 March,all,Nova,"Until now I didn't know I could hate the ocean so much but Subnautica has definitely made me hate it. Don't be fooled by it's colorful and friendly art style, everything wants to kill you!~10/10 best survival game i've ever played!"
76561198013159259,Recommended,264710,32963634,Posted: 28 June,all,Harmony Angel,The only game where you can be an underwater gardener10/10
,Recommended,264710,21879434,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Yom125,"Fiancée and I purchased after watching Markiplier's lets plays. First couple minutes of game play I find a floater and bring it back to my escape pod.I shall call him Squishy, and he shall be mine, he shall be my Squishy.Drop Squishy to make room.  He rolls around in escape pod.10/10 best pet ever"
76561198019085929,Recommended,264710,34733890,Posted: 4 September,all,Alvoreno [SPAIN],"If you want to try this awesome game, don't read anything about its story or you won't enjoy it at 100%.Beautiful gameConstant updatesAlien poop10/10"
,Recommended,264710,14801158,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Beef Minister,"Subnautica is a scy-fy-esque, underwater survival game that places you into a primarily underwater world filled to the brim with vibrant plantlife and fish.What does this game need to be great? Content. They could very literally just implement bountiful amounts of content and that alone would hold this game at a very elevated stature to not only mine, but I feel quite a few others viewpoints.The good news is that the Devs *seem* to be very active, but that is completely expected with brand new titles.The bad news is that at any given moment they could cease update production and we'd be♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck.Subnautica is a great game, conceptually, but to obtain that solid, justified ""great game"" status in my book it needs to have MUCH more content, and a bit more overall polishing. Now that is crazy considering the fact that it is a brand new title, but hey, the devs did great work in my book.---------------------pros and cons---------------------WHAT IS GOOD: (pros)- The graphics were designed very, very well. I was, and still am wholeheartedly impressed with how immersive the graphics alone are. The devs have blended the perfect mix of vibrance-to-shadowy-darkness ratio, allowing you to feel sunbeaten and safe on the surface yet utterly terrified of the unknown once you get deep enough.- The sound is very good, I'd like to say that I utterly despise the soundtrack they have implemented (it's a mix of random nightcore-ish club music-esque tracks with some easy going starts to them. I think that if they just took the music out entirely and created in depth, immersive sound for most actions and/or places in the game that it would add even more layers of immersion while also making Subnautica have that deep complexity factor.) Overall, though? I love the sound. That, matched with the graphics make this one of the most immersive games I've played in a while.- The immersion. Once you start playing this you're almost 90% of the time going to be very literally afraid of what could be below you. A friend and I joked about going too deep and realizing the entire ocean floor was a creature, and as unrealistic as that sounds, that's the kind of thing this game makes you think about. At least until you get a feel for the creatures in it, then... well... Just read my ""cons"" tableWHAT NEEDS TO BE FIXED/CHANGED: (cons)- Fish AI. What can I really say? It is very basic, and you have to essentially have a staring contest with a creature for them to be any danger. This game is completely relying on that fear of the unknown, but once you get over that, this game becomes kind of boring actually. There's no real danger, beyond what psychological tricks this title plays on you with that ever prevelent ""unknown"" feel.- Crafting. Crafting in this game is the biggest let down. Everything is given to you. There's no trial and error, no experience, no interaction. It's utterly linear, hand-holdy, and very very bland after you use it more than about 20 times. What they really need to do is take a lesson from Minecraft, for example, and let us find our own way in Subnautica. You're telling me that I just automatically understand how to create a fully functional submarine? That I just have some inate knowledge to create a Stasis Rifle? No. Fix this. It's unrealistic, creatively limited, and a bit frustrating considering all the other amazing elements of Subnautica.- DANGER. Implement a creature that comes to the surface and ♥♥♥♥s your♥♥♥♥♥♥up if you don't fight back. Make a creature that can actually see you from a distance away and comes-a-huntin'. Make a creature that blends in with the rock and grabs you as you swim past. Right now, even on HC mode, playing is a bit lackluster due to the fact that you can literally get away from anything. There's no real danger about any aspect of this game. I literally fear forgetting to eat something more than I do the creatures in this game. That's not good.- Map. It's essentially always the same. I know this is a very unfair critique so early on, but I feel I need to say it for future purposes. Subnautica would IMMENSELY benefit from having some type of minecraft-esque procedural generation map functionality. With JUST how limitless the underwater landscape can be in terms of map creation, I'm VERY sure that with time (and perhaps some of the resources that the devs have obtained from the early access) the devs could implement this, and should implement this. After just a few playthroughs the map itself becomes a bit hollow, but overall they've done a great job in making me come back for more map-wise.- Survival. Your food bar goes down far too quickly, as stated in most other reviews I see. As I said above, I quite literally worry about forgetting to look at my food meter more than I ever have about dying from a mob.- Realism. Everything is so perfect in this game, there's no survival aspect once you really boil this title down. It's all: ""Go collect this"" and ""Go collect that"" then ""let this 3d printer thingy do your work for you, because why not?"" Everything you create comes out perfect. Hell, even the knife you make out of VERY basic resources comes out with perfect branding on it as if you had just purchased it from a market. There needs to be that procedural grind, that feeling of ""wow, did I really make it all the way here from when I spawned in?"" Overall? I just think they should either completely remove the hand-holdy crafting system or revamp/overhaul it to the point where it doesn't do 80% of the work for you.---------------------------------------I know I was a bit harsh here, but generally this is a good game. I wouldn't have critiqued it so harshly, or even wasted my time typing this if I didn't absolutely know that the Devs could easily turn this into one of the best games of the genre.I'll be revising this as I play, and as the game is updated. I'll also provide in depth changelogs of my edits, so that you guys know what you are buying. On more of a straight to the point level? Yeah, I recommend this game. As of right now (3/8/2015) this game has the replayability factor yet fails to have enough content to go all the way. I keep wanting to go back to it, yet I know there's nothing to do. This will improve as the game updates, obviously, but it won't make the fact that in another 20 minutes I'll have every bit of new content they update in my inventory go away. This game needs to make me feel like I've created something, not pushed a button and had it created for me.EDIT: 3/10/2015 (1:40 PM)I have added a ""pro's"" list encompassing some of the things I love about Subnautica, as only having a ""con's"" list was a bit unfair.EDIT: 3/10/2015 (2:08 PM)I have added a ""realism"" button point in the cons section, as well as did an overall polish of the review in its entirety."
76561198108166283,Recommended,264710,19971293,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,GitGudM869,*Bought the game*Entered the game*Swam around for 10 minutes*Looked down*Saw pure darkness*Change pants*Refund for more sanity10/10 would get Thalassophobia (Fear of the ocean) again.
,Recommended,264710,31415262,Posted: 28 April,all,Karma,Subnautica is a great game that involes the player who is the only survivor of the ship called the Aurora your mission is to survive until you can find a way to get off the plant you have crash landed on. It is a great game and I love the detail in the reasons for why everything happens even why you cant make guns. I love the game and I would definitely recommend you play it.
76561198173747583,Recommended,264710,23428234,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Big Kahuna,"""Finally! I'm done hunting for blueprints! That only took an hour. I'll just head back to my base and-""-hears a sandshark behind me-""Simple enough, I'll just escape on my seaglide.""-seaglide's power is dead-""Simple enough, I'll just change out the battery real quick.""-is out of batteries--gets killed by the sandshark-11/10"
76561198126415616,Recommended,264710,21011710,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Prince_of_Darkness,"I love the game, the only thing i want to be added is muliplayer so that i can play with my friends and brothers.Thank You"
,Recommended,264710,19969571,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,=RrD=AndyMac,"This game is the Mo$%er Fu$#ing Sh@T Guys...  Negative comments are about graphics, they optimize and add content all the time with access to experimental builds..  AND, the exploration factor in this game is friggin ridiculous!  Like, even getting new tech requires you to explore the vast reaches of this crazy-beautiful world of ocean!  If you like survival games and a straight forward learning curve, this game will BLOW your Fu*&ing mind!!  Worth the price for sure..."
76561198146434472,Not Recommended,264710,29807213,Posted: 9 February,all,Icyndragon,"I absolutely love this game. The atmosphere is unparalleled by any other game I have ever played. Crafting isn't tedious, base building is simple and fun, and the world itself is filled with wildly different biomes that are an absolute blast to explore. Most important of all is that there is a true sense of progression as you acquire vehicles and upgrade them to explore deeper and deeper.So why did I downthumb it?The optimization for this game is absolutely horrendous. No matter WHAT system you're playing it on, the game becomes so bogged down with data after around 15-20 hours of gameplay that you start to experience severe frame drops, and it gets worse as you explore more and more biomes. There are temporary fixes, such as deleting certain folders from your save file, however it does not have a lasting effect. After 80 hours of gameplay on one save on a decent rig, I've reached sub-10 fps more often than I've gotten >40 fps.I realize that it is still in early access, and this is why I trust that the devs will soon address this problem. For now though, if its not on sale, I reccomend you not buy it in its current state."
76561197986218754,Recommended,264710,14150526,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Ferretsnot,"This game is amazing, even in such an unfinished state. Shallow water exploration is beautiful. Medium depth exploration adds a lot of tension as you manage resources and time. Deep sea exploration freaks me out but in a good way. I can’t wait for the devs to add more."
,Recommended,264710,19113075,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Kryttonite,"Subnautica is a beautiful, well made atmosperic game. From crushing depths of the sea to endless caves to explore, this game really blows my mind. It's a lot of fun and I totally reccommend it to anyone. You should really give it a go."
,Recommended,264710,30182010,Posted: 25 February,all,Trouble,"Incredibly made, the atmosphere, the graphics, the music and the general feeling of lonliness in the middle of the ocean make this game one of my favourites.Cons: Badly optimized, FPS drops from 60 to 10 with a high end setup (It's just what it is.)"
,Recommended,264710,32990900,Posted: 29 June,all,Dr.Dean,"Subnautica is the kind of game that drags you to the deep end (literally)The gameplay element of it is amazing, the whole premise of crash landing on an alien planet is very exciting.From the minecraft style of gathering resources to the HUD and PDA system, everything just works perfect!Ive never had problems with grahpics, crashing. I can run the game on high settings with about 120 fps (gtx970, i5, 16gb ram)As for the story, ive been following the content updates that add story elements very closesly.I have played through the newly added voice of the deep update and lets just say, the ending of that had me shed a tear (The story is not fully implemented yet!)Overal score: Solid 9/10"
,Recommended,264710,22502056,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Ẃ̘i̠̓l͇̍l̰͝y͕͗,"I love the game, but... Somethings fishy about it..."
76561198091128773,Recommended,264710,17419927,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,N I G H T,Subnautica is a great game overall. It can be for people who just like to explore the open oceans and looking at the breath taking views. But its also for those hardcore survival gamers who want to make the game as challenging and realistic as possible. I am looking forward to new updates and playing more of this in the future. 9/10
,Recommended,264710,20421141,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Dzarmer,CO-OP please
76561198026733074,Recommended,264710,27050365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kevin1957,"as the lone surviver on a water planet discover exotic and sometimes dangerous marine life,explore the depths survive by your own cunning.build underwater bases and pilot submarines.the graphics are wonderful,you feel as though you are in a watery envoirament,it is very immersive and has that just one more go feel to it."
,Not Recommended,264710,28994752,Posted: 3 January,all,Cpt_Cutter,"First, I want to say that I adore this game. It's amazing. It's more addicting than Minecraft, the world is designed well, and you're constantly striving to do more or progress to the next thing. The health, food and water system work perfectly. The base building is engaging, and while somewhat frustrating, allows you to create some amazing facilities.Why am I not reccomending it then, if I'm singing it's praises?Performance.You could be running a $10k rig and you'd get lag spikes and pop-ins, due to the way it loads the biomes.When you hit 8-10 hours on a save file, it crashes. Regardless of anything, entire areas of the map become inacessable due to crashes if you so much as stray to close to the biome loading zone. It's taken me 20+ minutes to do what was once a 2 minute trip due to constant crashes and relaunches.There are workarounds, but they're shoddy at best. This is an issue with the game itself and the way it handles the world, and it desperately needs fixing, because 10 hours is the point that you're usually going to be staring to explore the better, more interesting areas of the game's world.When this changes, I'mm happily change this to a reccomendation in an instant, but I'd say wait for the massive performance issues to be fixed.Though if there was ever a game to make me forgive these kindof of peoblems, this is the top contender.*Editing this bit in* - I know there are fixes for this, I've used them. What I'm saying is that I shouldnt have to go into a game's files and delete things to get the game to continue functioning."
,Recommended,264710,29994043,Posted: 17 February,all,Fey~,"Very fun and very scary at the same time, I love the sense that your alone but your trying to figure out what happened to you, then getting caught up in the story as to what happened to the planet only to descover something faaaaaaaaaaaaar deeper. i give it an 11/10"
,Recommended,264710,18403191,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,BlobfishGoneWild,"Ok, this is not your hardcore ultra-survival. This is a relaxing, VERY atmospheric game. You swim around, and discover the ocean and it's strange alien orginisms. This is why, the game is better without tutorials and wikis. Really not that much challenge, unless you play hardcore. The game does force you to explore to progress. The game is also very vague when they want you to get a certain material to craft something, such as vehicles. I do recommend this game very much. Now is it worth $19.99? Depending what kind of person you are. For me, yes. But it does feel like a very indie game, low production. So if your not into these kind of games, but you still want this, just wait till it goes on sale!"
,Recommended,264710,23079379,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,IceWater,"One of the most immersive and beautiful games i've ever played. Single player game, but you need to play this. Seriously, buy it now. It's amazing."
76561198064312697,Recommended,264710,23805590,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,beerc1,"Love this game, Its difficult to not spend all my time playing it. It is a well balanced survival game that doesnt complicate things or make you grind much at all. for the price its well worth the money."
,Recommended,264710,23564004,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Plutie Cutie,"made my bathyphobia 10000x worse, but i still love it."
,Recommended,264710,14916257,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,MDR42lifelemons,"I LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT, This game is AWESOME, From the part of hunting fish to the feel of the water, this game is awesome and it only just started"
,Recommended,264710,30363940,Posted: 6 March,all,Thessali,Can't even leave the shallows without crying in fear.Thalassophobia/10
76561197972107045,Recommended,264710,31531979,Posted: 3 May,all,﹃❄M|Sarge4id,"Subnautica is one of my favorite sandbox games. The idea of an underwater sandbox has been attempted in several games, but they nailed it here. Flora and fauna (plants and animals), reflect that of a real world eco system. Animals protecting each other, attacking in packs, symbionic and paracidic relationships are all present. It makes you realize that you are infact the ""alien"" organism, not the other way around.The game started out with the basical explore, craft, and survive features that all of these games involve. Not many of these game have a quest with a beginning and an ending. Very few do and the only one that really sticks out besides this game is the Forest. Subnautica has the Precursor story and to me, it's a very intresting one at that. Many youtube reviewers seem to agree. Who where the Precursors? Are there any still alive? Do you ever get rescued? Are there multiple ending? All excelent questions a lot of us wait to be answered.While initially the game may be frustrating or monotonous, after you get yourself a seamoth and more blueprints, you can start to go deeper and further. That's when the really cool stuff starts to appear. Underwater rivers...How do you have a river underwater to begin with? Well there is one here! The game could be considered a horror game in terms of spookiness and tension in some areas. Should you build a base near a dangerous area that is close to rare resources or a power source such as thermal energy? Or do you build in a safer area and use less efficient solar technology and make trips back and forth for nucular or bio fuel?Now there's the Cyclops update: The thing can now be destroyed, and if that wasn't bad enough, everything is out to kill you more now. It was one thing to have a seamoth eaten, but now your mobile command base? Better slow down and act more inconspicious because as expensive as the Cyclops is to craft, there's all the other stuff you were carrying onboard as well.I have quit a bit of hours put into this game, a lot of them in one sitting at a time. You can lose track of time in this game. When a game can emerse you and capture you in such a way, then the dev's have succeeded in their goal of making an appealing game.There have been negative reviews from players having problems with ""controls"" or ""lag"" or whatever their excuse is. I've been playing this game since I can remember, and I can't remember a single instance when I had trouble with this game, much less being unplayable. Everyone's platform is different. Some games that work for all my friends dont work for me. But that doesn't mean I'm going to go write a review saying the game is bad when it already has a Positive review rating. I might post a commen saying it looks cool but it didn't work for me.This game has quite a bit of replayability before getting burned out on it. There are many goals you can set out to achieve with each replay. I'd deffinatly suggest trying this game."
76561198022371409,Recommended,264710,31410266,Posted: 28 April,all,Storm,"This has to be one of the most enjoyable single player, survival/builder games I've ever played. Whilst I almost never play single player these days (preferring co-op PvE/campaign)... the aquatlic nature beckoned to my scuba diving passion and I was curious to see how immersive the experience was.One word: WOW! The realism meets survival game totally exceed my expectations to say the least. Not only it is a fun, immersive experience (you really feel like you've crash landed on an aquatlic alien world), but the progression and unlocks as you gain more knowledge, experience and equipment is very nicely done.The exploration of the stunning biomes, the incredible ambient and sound effects just make this game completely stand out from the crowd.I've played through this game 4 times now.. and every time it was a magical experience. I still can't believe I'm played it through 4 times and each update I look forward to doing it again.The only downside to the game is of course the single player only... but it's easily overlooked once you enter this amazing world. For veteran survival players... the game isn't very difficult in default settings: you'll need to use game settings to increase creature damage and maybe try hard mode after your second playthrough to really find a challenge.But overall... I cannot recommend this game enough!!!!"
76561198065595451,Recommended,264710,33162752,Posted: 2 July,all,MOON MOON,"I don't do early access, but Subnautica peaked my interest too much because I love open world games, and the idea of an underwater game a la Bioshock with an open world was too tempting! Having finished the story (what is currently available that is) along with nearly finding every entry/wreck (I checked what I had found with the wiki after finishing the game) I have some thoughts:TL;DR = Great story, visuals, solid core mechanics and the ocean setting make this a must try for anyone who adores survival/open world games. There are some failings in progression at times, and as this is early access there are optimization/bug issues at the moment. Despite the setbacks there is a reason this is the only early access game I've bought on steam.Good:1. The visuals are incredible if not often breathtaking - underwater cliffs, kelp forests, deep sea trenches, and all sorts of wonky alien life found me either smiling at the beauty, open-mouthed at the scale, or screaming in fear. Every alien lifeform feels at least unique and threatening - even if only at first. I always approached new life with trepidation and excitement!2. The base building is a tad stiff at times, but overall lets a player design their freaky-alien home as they see fit where they see fit. There's plenty of upgrades via your base as well as PLENTY of aesthetic only items for customization.3. Story. The story isn't amazing in vacuum. What does make it amazing is HOW the game tells its story. You find tidbits and pieces of information as you go from PDA logs, notes, and data stores. It's non-linear - making it wonderful to piece together over time. This makes slowly unraveling the story interesting and feels reminiscient of dark souls or bioshock -works especially well considering the game often has a dark vibe.4. The core mechanics (food, water, O2, vehicles, etc.) all feel great to work with/around. Very rarely did I feel any core game mechanic was unfair.Cons:1. Slowdown/stutter. It IS early access, and I understand that. Just note that it's there, but the designers are working on optimizing still (final story elements/mechanics are being finished off at the moment).2. Stalling. I love how the story is slowly unraveled as you explore, piece by piece with occasional peaks of excitement. This also applies for the upgrade/progression path of the tech in the game however follow the same idea of being nonlinear. Sometimes you find exactly what you wanted in terms of blueprints (tech progression) and sometimes you get stuck - and I mean majorly stuck. I spent hours and hours at one point looking for tech that was required to move forward only to finally google it. It can be incredibly frustrating and outside the early radio signals this comes down to exploration and largely luck."
76561198044035968,Recommended,264710,15178664,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Reese,"I don't know how you make an update that makes the game go from a perfect 10 to a perfect 10, but that's what they just did with the precursor update. Buy the game, not only are the devs proven innovators with Natural Selection 1 and 2, they have tons of the games potential already realized, and they continously update the game. This game is probably going to be the first fully completed and worth $60 game in a long time. The devs deserve more money."
,Recommended,264710,14056494,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Slicer51b,"Do you love the ocean, the cool blue water, the exotic creatures underneath the surface, and all that constitues Oceanography? Then you will appreciate Subnautica!Subnautica while still in Early Access, represents the inginuity of Unknown Worlds, the developing indie studio. After their RTS-FPS title Natural Selection 2, they decided to change gears and make a radically different game. No major AAA studio released an underwater exploration/survival title. Only ""FarSky Interactive"" an indie studio published an underwater survival game called""FarSky.""That title while impressive falls utterly short of what Unknown Worlds has already accomplished in Early Access.In Subnautica you are able to explore beautiful undersea environments. They are filled with exotic creatures crafted by U.W. (Unknown Worlds): some resemble creatures from Earth's oceans while others are radically different to represent the alien-ness of the planet you've crashed on. The peaceful exploration mixed in with intense confrontations with dangerous fish constitutes Subnautica's greatest strength: an underwater exploration simulator. The weakness of the game is simply in it's premise: minimal violence. Unlike Natural Selection 2, this game isn't about violence. Subnautica revolves around exploration and imagination.Provided you appreciate the mystery of the ocean depths, you will love Subnautica. If you want undersea combat, look into the undersea hunting title""Depth Hunter 2""or the undersea asymmetrical FPS""Depth."""
,Recommended,264710,19004782,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Vitalos,One of the Better underwater games i have ever played. Its constantly updated and the developers are constantly adding new things. the game involves:CraftingExplorationBuildingAnd Tons of animals to discoveroverall this game is really good10/10 would play
76561198194047077,Recommended,264710,22771783,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Icarus Maru,"Amazing graphics and horrifying monsters! I love how you delve into the story of the game as you find abandoned areas that may prove you are either not alone on this world, or you are not the lone survivor you thought you were. For an early access game it is amazing and well thought out!"
76561198142071063,Recommended,264710,16564210,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Gino Garretti,Subnautica is a great underwater based game. Worth every penny
76561198002053619,Recommended,264710,19932436,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Klavs,"Great, Beautiful game. First You fight to survive, then You explore and then You retire in Your own subnautical paradise ...Some tips for those who are in the very beginning:- There is a container inside Your pod with some starter resources to save You some time. You can store some excess stuff there also.- Fixing sparks in pod is just cosmetic. Does not change anything at the moment.- Craft two or three oxigen tanks and keep them in Your inventory. This will give You more time to navigate and search important materials for survival without need to surface because of oxigen running out. Less stress and more productive diving fun.- Fish and waterplants can help You to deal with important survival issues in more than one way. Some species of fish in this game are much more than just ""another random source of the food""."
,Recommended,264710,19929867,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,DMGaina,A new standard for survival games.
76561198279690456,Recommended,264710,33820960,Posted: 26 July,all,biomage,GReat game! its a shame it doesnt have a multiplayer mode to play with yourfriend.
76561198147794008,Recommended,264710,28785156,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,tristinbeta,"Wow. AGH!! Those are my two descriptive words of this game. Honestly it's beautiful and amazing but it keeps you on your toes trying to survive the entire time! If you have a computer that can run it, get it, because this is the best $10 I've ever spent."
,Recommended,264710,27021594,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kamakaze ~ ♪,"A phenomenal game, held back only by its unfinished development. That said, the developers have been updating very frequently, optimising the game, fixing any bugs, and adding new and exciting content for everyone to enjoy.The game is incredibly eerie and accurately taps into the deep-seated fear of the deep ocean and the horrifying creatures that dwell within.Nothing screams ""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; when you're cruising around in your little Seamoth and you hear a Reaper Leviathan roar behind you.I fully reccomend this game, so long as you're willing to support the development and acknowledge that the game is an incomplete product. I greatly anticipate every update and addition to the game."
76561198054197553,Not Recommended,264710,17443189,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,TheWangMuncher,"Stop looking at the negative reviews.Buy this god damn game.NOTE: I update this thread periodically to evaluate the games performance as it evolves. Check back every few months for a little tidbit extra.August 8th, 2015:Where was I? Oh yes.I wont tell you about the amazing visuals, sound, and loads of new content being rolled out by the responsive devs, Ill leave all the good points to the other 94% of writings on this game. Instead ill tell you why the 6% of negative reviews arent representative.Ive read through about half of the complaints and the primary complaints are lack of content, and some lag.People: The devs themselves currently claim there is only about 2 hours of content. This is well known. This is no secret. If you come and buy a game whos makers are TELLING you this, and then complain of (Current) lack of content, you shouldnt downvote the game, you should downvote youir own lack of research. And besides, theyre working really hard to fix that already and are doing a great job of it with regular community updates.And yes, as you also may of noticed the game looks AMAZING. While there are video settings, some computers simply cant handle the beta-optimization of this game. The devs already fixed many lag issues, instant memory crashes, ect. but its not perfect. You will need a modern/decent computer to run this, but not state of the art.Note: many older performance-related reviews are now irrelevant. Take them with a grain of salt.However, once again people, there is a minimum system requirement DIRECTLY underneath the ""About Game"" section of this page for god sakes. Read it. Once again, many who bought the game and did not like it, did'nt glance at the current needs of the game, and therfore should blame themselves for poor foresight, and not the devs for poor game design.And they're working on further improving performance.And to top it all off, there are almost no game breaking bugs, just small nuanced visual glitches like hollow objects, fish stuck in odd rocks, ect. Very minor and easily ignored. No inventory wipes, no spawn glitches, no stat swings, or sudden drops in thirst or hunger, and the game will even try and warn you when a crash is about to happen, giving you precious time to save and restart to continue where you left off.So please, for gods sake, remember that every issue with this game is simply out of the devs control at the moment. Early access games are sometimes laggy, buggy, and with lower content than the finished versions. The fact that games spend time in this early stage is no ones fault. Just be sure you know what your buying when you buy it.BUY THIS GAME.[End of Game Review]EDIT:For those posting to the tune of ""Dont give this game a negative review if you want it to fly""  ect. When I wrote this review, I thought the way I could make the biggest impact is by writing directly to the wary buyers who might be looking at old, outdated, or non-game related complaints as justification not to support this game. And where better to write to them than here in the negative reviews?For those singing to the the other tune of ""Dont skew the stats"" ect. Doing simple math:As of 8/15/2015, there are 4,509 total reviews for Subnautica.This means that 1% of that is 45.09.(The equation is 4,509 x .01 = 45.09)This means that AT LEAST 45 reviews would be needed to change the visible stats at all. So seeing as this review is 1/45th (0.02222) of what we would need to change anything for the devs, lay off. The added bonus of being seen far more often by the people who actually need to see it (Catious buyers) far outstrips the harm being done to this amazing game.And to make this abundantly clear: THIS IS NOT ACTUALLY A NEGATIVE REVIEW.Further Edit:The date is now 11/18/15, and many many changes have come to subnautica since I origninally drafted this snarky attack on ignorant steam shoppers.While many of my comments ideas still stand, Subnautica no longer has only 2 hours of playable content. While I estimate first time runthrough at about 15 hours if you take your time, I dont know the official opinion on game depth. Ill leave it to you to read up on exactly what theyve pumped out this month, but I can garentee you will get your money back in playable value. (Seamoth update is hype)Further optimization, and the game crashes even less now... ECT ECT.The game is still going strong in every regard.10/10, would leave negative review again.EDIT:3/23/2016In the name of fair play, I will have to now throw a warning to the wind. For some, my assesment of graphical stability is now overly optimistic. Ocassional drops in FPS do occur.The recent geeneral visual upgrades means the game performance was somewhat impacted. While its nowhere near gamebreaking, some people may have more trouble on minimum graphics than others. It should be noted that this happened as a result of a MASSIVE shader and water texture overhaul, so its to be expected. This is by no means a case of Dev neglect.Careful review of minimum system requirements and common sense should avoid any major issues. Game is totally playable.Devs are working on a fix ASAP! All my other comments stand 100% to this day.EDIT 5/19/2016:I am happy to say all performance realted issues are solved despite all the graphics improving in texture, vibrancy, and depth.New balancing changes and model updates, MORE CONTENT!EDIT: 06/08/2016Now with Nopesquids! Ft. Battery-Rechargers and beds. This sounds lame, but its actually a way bigger deal than you would ever suspect. New models for solar power!Sea dragon / huge creature update on the horizon!10/10 Would never leave shallow reef again.EDIT: 09/19/2016Development has taken off.Lava lizard, Sea Dragon, and Lava Larvae are now functionally in the game. Additoinal assets of the precursors have been added, along with the completed PRAWN suit update. And lastly, dont forget about expanded Aurora compartments and data pads to check out, adding volumes to the implimented story. Incoming are sea emporer and the finishing touches to the Lost River biome.But really what is most important right now is that we can now quit to the main menu, thank god."
76561198114115049,Recommended,264710,15408632,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Spark,"Subnautica is a deeply engrossing game of exploration, discovery and survival. It's also absolutely terrifying at times.My game play as shown here is quite inaccurate because I've been playing offline for a lot of it, my actual time is more like 15+ hours and this is still just early access. Exploring this planets oceans is really, really fun!At the moment you can build a small submarine, a big submarine and as many highly customisable sea bases as you like with more big features trickling in every few weeks. The ocean of this game does a great job of actually seeming alien and as such it can be very scary exploring as you have no idea what you may discover.The survival aspects are very manageable at the moment but do have a tendency to get a bit tedious as the game continues, however you can play in sandbox mode where the survival elements are stripped out allowing easy exploration. The games map is huge but can feel a bit samey after about ten hours. However i think this is because the map is hand crafted so much of the outlying areas haven't been properly furnished yet so this will probably improve in time.And finally, this game (so far at least) is an excellent example of a developer using early access as it was intended for aka they really listen to the community!They constantly update their Trello board letting you know and up vote what things they are working on and you can easily talk to them through a bunch of methods including twitter.Overall 9/10, really impressed!"
,Recommended,264710,21533154,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Odin,"Diving is something I've always wanted to do. This game sates that desire.There is much to be done, and although some of the crafting is tedious and repetitive, it is worth it.Building and expanding a seabase is both fun and engaging.Exploring is dangerous but rewarding.Finding new blueprints is always fun, but once you get everything the fun of finding new stuff obviously runs dry.There are plenty of modes to choose from to fit your playstyle.One of the best polished and well working early access games I've seen in a while.Love this game so far."
,Recommended,264710,20538798,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Ploebb,"This game is awesome already and I'll tell you why- Graphics are stunning- Its super stable. I have played about 30h now and never had a crash or game breaking glitch (besides very rare animation glitches)- Frequent updates with new content -> it grows fast- Great simplicity. No overloaded menus. Very streamlined experience from the beginning.- Highly immersive. It doesn't try to be very realistic in all areas, but that doesn't stop you kind of ""feeling"" the environment.PeacefulnessI like this game especially because of the peaceful gameplay with a high focus on exploration.There are no lethal weapons (besides a small knife) and the developers stated there wont be any in the future. This and many more gameplay mechanics encourages a peaceful lifestyle with the environment and not against it.Sure there are animals who want to eat you - after all it's a survival game - but there are ways to defend yourself without killing them. Which brings me to the next point:SurvivalIt's not a hard game, and it doesn't try to be. As I mentioned, the gameplay focuses on exploration and that's what I bought this game for.The survival aspect is merely a tool to encourage exploration. Dying isn't punished very much (at least at the moment) so you can enjoy the gameworld without much frustration.This doesn't mean however that encounters with scary big fish while exploring a dark cave aren't tense however!TechyMost survival games set you free on a deserted patch of land with literally nothing, so you have to build crude weapons and shelter with literally sticks and stones.That's not exactly the case here. You are stranded because your huge mining-spaceship got wrecked on this planet, so there is quite a bit of technology at your hands. You have to find some blueprints and materials first, but you are able to build some cool tech like submarines and nice-looking seebases with the help of sciency fabricators (with lasers and♥♥♥♥♥♥)Bottom LineThis game is different from a ""standard"" survival game in quite a few aspects gameplay-wise. Combined with its eye-pleasing graphics and beautiful open world its a very nice fresh touch to the survival genre.And to everyone waiting for ""No Man's Sky"" -> This is your game to fill the time."
,Recommended,264710,15329560,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Cryzon,"To start off, this game as an awsome looking. It has a great graphic quality, and for me in unique. The developers are putting all they're work on to this game, and it's getting bigger and better. It's a game to really enjoy the underwater life. Also the gadgets they have implemented or concepted have a really awsome looking, like the cyclops. The seabases are also looking great, but in my opinion they need to have a bit more work, but for now they are so cool. The gameplay is really smoth. All the controls swimming, in the cyclops or even in the seamoth are great, and easy to play with. The developers are also showing a lot of hard work on this game, since it has a lot of updates."
,Recommended,264710,23194957,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Nerezza,"It's many, many years in the future. You're part of the crew aboard a terraforming ship on a year and a half journey out from the nearest major starport, one-way. Or rather, you were before a catastrophe happens that leaves you alone on the surface of some water planet in the middle of nowhere.Don't let the bright, tropicaly colored graphics fool you; this game gets categorized as 'Survival Horror' instead of 'Tropical Vacation' in my book because you and Lifepod 5 are sitting in an ocean full of alien life forms who would go out of their way to give human a try. Hostile creatures ranging from small parasitic Bleeders the size of your forearm to the loud and scary Leviathan-class predators inhabit the waters.Starting off with your futuristic fabricator within the lifepod, you start building tools with the resources in your vicinity and work your way up, eventually beginning to recover technology from wreckage of your assigned starship, building a small seabase to establish a base of operations, creating and operating a large submarine to dive deeper, and eventually making an exosuit to operate in some of the deepest depths of the shelf you inhabit. Just be careful down there, it's hard to imagine what sort of creatures have evolved to survive one of the harshest environments imagineable.----Fluffy review aside now, I really don't know why more people haven't purchased this game. It's amazing and innovative; where other survival games treat water as a boundary this game embraces it, innovates on underwater graphics, yada yada. It's pretty and it makes you feel like you're in an endless ocean.They're about ready to meet the final goals they'd originally set hopefully by the end of the year. Currently the early access is quite filled out in comparison to a year ago, though I admit the biggest issue I have is batteries not being rechargeable yet (coming in the next update probably!)I highly recommend this game if you're a fan of survival games. Just know that the priority in early access isn't quality of life stuff like the afformentioned battery chargers. That said, they're nearing completion and have finally gotten around to implimenting QoL content!"
,Recommended,264710,19067744,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,meh,"April-2017 EDIT:THIS GAME SUCKS, JK. Just kidding.FOR MULTIPLE CORE CPUS PAY CLOSE ATTENTION, if you have more than 4 cores, the game will run bad.If you have less than 4 cores, the game will run bad. No fix for you besides better cpu + this guide.I have 24 cores xeon which ran very bad until I set the game to use the 1st 2 physical cores with the 1st 2 logical cores.And now my fps went from 4fps to an average of 48fps as it moves around between 30-60 fps depending on what i do in game.To set processor core use you hit ctr+alt+del go to details, find your game or app as it can be used universally for other games and apps. Click right, then select ""set affinity"". Unselect ""all cores"" and select the top 2 physical and top 2 logical.Most of you have quad cores with HT giving you total of 8 threads.So set affinity to use CPU 0 node 0, CPU 1 node 0, CPU 4 node 0 CPU 5 node 0BAM, doneFeb-2016 EDIT:Still an amazing game, bug list SQUASHED...just throwing that out there, one of the very few early access that runs like a finished game, I like it. Could use more in game mission type content... everything else looks good, just needs some objectives like, kill this, deliver that, build this here, make an outpost there, lick this whale, kick this fish in the eye, idk...Nov-2015AMAZING GAMEMore fun than AAA games, More fun than Minecraft, Great game to explore and build.Bought this along with Metal Gear Solid 5 this week, played MGS 5 first for 4 hrs then I played Subnautica for 21 hrs, yes it's that good.Edit: There is still more to do in minecraft because of command blocks and all the creative things you can do there, but Subnautica is really great too, it's just different, and the whole time I am like OMG EYE CANDY, seriously, it's polished quite well, not perfect, but I like it."
,Recommended,264710,25771096,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,INF,이런거 좋아하는데 무서워서 시작지점에서 멀리 못나간다
,Recommended,264710,18039408,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,literatemax,>spawned in>made a base and stuff>created miniature 1man sub>explored for a while>found these sweet♥♥♥♥♥mountians>hear roaring>go back around mountian back towards base>giant snake dude>grabs my sub and screams in my face>starts diving and thrashing me around>exit sub>swim away as fast as possible>never looked back>have to make new sub11/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again
,Recommended,264710,19242351,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,TheMicrosoftWordWhisperer,"This game is truly a unique and entertaining experience. At all times, I was feeling -something- about my surroundings. I found myself admiring the beautiful view in the safe shallows and kelp jungles, found myself jumping at every bump and chirp in the bloodgrass plains, and most of all, I was genuinely paranoid and terrified of the Leviathans near the Aurora.Subnautica, though it could be called many things, and indeed does these many things well (adventure, sandbox, survival), it truly comes into its own as a horror game. The atmostpheres designed and the creatures to go with them truly instill a sense of fear into the player, as you go deeper, you'll be asking yourself if that was a tail you just saw out of the corner of your eye, or maybe it was just a Spadefish. Unlike most horror, it comes naturally rather than simply hitting you with a jumpscare and demanding that you scream. The setting ushers in an organic feeling of genuine fear for your surroundings, waiting for something that may never come.While this game has many strengths, unfortunately, it has its flaws too. Though it's early-access, and issues are understandable, and indeed expected, some of these things could be well avoided. My biggest problem came from the system of combat. On my first night, I found myself with only a pair of flippers and a survival knife, in desperate need of food. However, upon exiting, I was set upon by Stalkers, and, in my rush to defeat them, I found myself scoring only a hit or two before dying and being forced to go back to my escape pod. Upon further investigation, I learned that, even when not panicking and flailing, it is still exceptionally hard to hit an enemy, and indeed anything that moves, during combat or otherwise.While there are many, many features one might go over, in essence, this game is stellar, providing a refreshing twist on the increasingly stale survival game genre. Despite its high demands of your computer, I find myself able to run the game with only minor issues on a low-end GPU. I would strongly reccomend this game for any who are looking for a true horror experience."
76561198011897357,Recommended,264710,22513109,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Doctor Lalve,One of the very few early access games that actually work. Best horror game I ever played.
,Recommended,264710,14169306,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Ling Ling,"From the same developers that created Natural Selection and Natural Selection 2 comes another quality over quantity game. The devs are extremely vocal with the community and are constantly asking them for input. This game is updated almost bi-monthly and not just bug fixes but actual content.This game is beautiful, fun and the soundtrack is not bad either."
76561198131505904,Recommended,264710,31884787,Posted: 21 May,all,DeadlyDialga,"This game is incredible. The graphics and creatures are amazing. The story is great. And at the time of writing, it isnt even finished. Much potential in this game that I cannot wait to see. I cannot start on just one thing in this game that isnt wonderful. Where would I start? The graphics? The creatures? The pretty much everything in the ocean that wants to kill you. This game is a perfect blend of action, horror, and science-fiction. With a touch of mystery and beauty thrown in there. Prepare to dive into the mysterious and beautiful blue waters of Subnautica. Would recomend to science-fiction fans."
76561198003566968,Recommended,264710,25187593,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,LastSide,Unlike No Man's Sky:Wide as an Ocean and Deep as one.
76561198044588548,Recommended,264710,15009522,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,peanut,"I havent played this game long.  I already love it.  Very easy to learn, beautiful graphics and very fun to explore.  Happy I bought this!"
,Recommended,264710,14992632,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Mr. Helpful,"I have played a few hours on this game and for a game still in development it is oustanding! The game is absolutely beautiful and you, quite literally, have a whole ocean to explore and build in. The recent implimentation of the Cyclops submarine is quite amazing... you can even dock your small, one-man Seamoth sub inside it and you can customise the Cyclops with a few gadgets. Cool little feature: if you damage it too much the interior slowly starts to flood and you have a race against time to fix it before you run out of air. (Game within a game!)Invest in this game!It's far and few when it comes to finding a game that's doing this well so early. It's a procedurally generated, open-world, survival (optional), sandbox game. I can only imagine the amount of mods that will come out of this and I hope to see the opertunity for co-op gameplay sometime in the future. 9.5/10"
76561198078838121,Recommended,264710,30301364,Posted: 3 March,all,Queen Satan,Reaper leviathan just destroyed my seamoth and gave me a heart attack10/10
76561198018723886,Recommended,264710,25553119,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,iNick,"AMAZING.  Early access, immersive, involved, just a hair grindy (but happily acceptable).  Being early access, there will be features that constantly change and update.  So what you knew may change next month.  True fear in the game, fear of the fauna, fear of the environment...  They have done extremely well!  Only thing I would suggest (and have suggested as same) is that scanning the fragments would give you a random part of the crafting ingredients, and possibly a cheaper recipe as you keep scanning fragments.  HIGHLY recommended!"
76561198091014959,Recommended,264710,14723494,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Creesus,"only pre alpha and already very fun and interesting, great game"
,Recommended,264710,19073197,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Falcon,So i've been enjoy a day on an alien world and I return to my escape pod as the sun goes down and I prepare a fishy dinner when I hear a bang from outside a shockwave hits me and im flung back against the wall as the pod shakes violently then my game crashes and stairway to heaven comes on in spotify.10/10 ign. Would play again.
76561197976490100,Recommended,264710,14373432,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Euryidium,Great game! I really like how the game captures the fantasy of exploring an alien world underwater.
76561198035859811,Recommended,264710,16252929,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,MoistGrandma,Makes me moist.
76561198074268229,Recommended,264710,22166417,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Fuck Nick,spawns in ocean - life podgets outsee's a giant ship - blows upsee's rock - breaks itfinds coppersee's first big fish in the gamegets r*ped by stalkersee's another fish of the same speciestries to punch - gets r*pedrespawnsremembers fear of oceanquits steamgets a jobworks at an aquariumstill scared of fishdinner - eats fish - still scaredgoes back on subnauticuntno longer scared of fishgets eaten due to new updatebest game ever - 10/10 would drop that bar of soap again
,Recommended,264710,17558478,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Legendary Guest,This game is great with constant updates. The main thing it needs is co-op.
,Recommended,264710,22310971,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,~*~ Helly ~*~,"I enjoy exploring the ocean and have finally built myself a seamoth so I don't have to swim everywhere. Scary getting out to the deep dark water instead of around the pretty reefy area I habitate.  Have started constructing my underwater base and discovered bigger is not best.  I look forward to new developments, I'm just doing the update for the new features."
,Recommended,264710,25267794,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,-Python-,"Fun and beautiful, but for me it did get a bit boring after a while. Still would recommend this if you like the ocean, alien creatures or gathering resources and building your own base.Lots of different biomes and fauna."
,Recommended,264710,22649189,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,✪Shroud,"Buy this game.Don't even think about it, just buy it.its incredible."
76561198177900562,Recommended,264710,22916858,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,AngryFatCat,"This game is awesome!!!! If you like to build your base, farm and hunt for your own food and explore a gorgeous underwater environment buy this game."
76561198027769623,Recommended,264710,25498109,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Junda,"I love this game. It´s clearly not finished yet but the developers are interacting with the community a lot to improve their game. Even if the game seems to be a rather peacful, maybe even meditating experience it will suprise you to find the true value of this game in it´s synergy of beautiful views under the surface of the ocean and the horrors of the dept of the sea. It may not seem like a horror game but after playing some hours my heartbeat still goes up when I see a deep cliff or explore something new.All in all the game is wonderful with a great atmosphere sound and graphic wise. If you can handle some bugs and are interested in building bases and exploring a colorful and horrifying world this game is just for you."
,Recommended,264710,21597882,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,DarkDork,"Ariel, listen to me. The human world, it's a mess. Life under the sea is better than anyting they got up there.The seaweed is always greenerIn somebody else's lakeYou dream about going up thereBut that is a big mistakeJust look at the world around youRight here on the ocean floorSuch wonderful things surround youWhat more is you looking for?Under the seaUnder the seaDarlin' it's betterDown where it's wetterTake it from meUp on the shore they work all dayOut in the sun, they slave awayWhile we devotin'Full time to floatin'Under the seaThe seaweed is always greenerIn somebody else's lakeYou dream about going up thereBut that is a big mistakeJust look at the world around youRight here on the ocean floorSuch wonderful things surround youWhat more is you looking for?Under the seaUnder the seaDarlin it's betterDown where it's wetterTake it from meUp on the shore they work all dayOut in the sun, they slave awayWhile we devotin'Full time to floatin'Under the seaDown here all the fish is happyAs off through the waves they rollThe fish on the land ain't happyThey're sad 'cause they're in the bowlBut fish in the bowl is luckyThey in for a worser fateOne day when the boss gets hungryGuess who's gon' be on the plate (Oh no!)Under the seaUnder the seaNobody beats usFry us and eat usIn fricasseeWe what the land folks loves to cookUnder the sea, we off the hookWe got no troublesLife is the bubblesUnder the sea, under the seaSince life is sweet hereWe got the beat here naturallyEven the sturgeon an' the rayThey get the urge an' start to playWe got the spiritYou got to hear itUnder the seaThe newt play the fluteThe carp play the harpThe plaice play the bassAnd they're soundin' sharpThe bass play the brassThe chub play the tubThe fluke is the duke of soul (Yeah)They ray, he can playHe lings on the stringsHe trout rockin' outThe blackfish, she singsThe smelt and the spratThey know where it's atAn' oh that blowfish blow!Under the seaUnder the seaDarlin it's betterDown where it's wetterTake it from meUp on the shore they work all dayOut in the sun, they slave awayWhile we devotin'Full time to floatin'Under the seaUnder the sea (Under the sea)Under the sea (Under the sea)When the sardineBegin the beguineIt's music to meWhat do they got? A lot of sandWe got a hot crustacean bandEach little clam hereKnow how to jam hereUnder the seaEach little slug hereCuttin' a rug hereUnder the seaEach little snail hereKnow how to wail hereThat's why it's hotterUnder the waterYeah we in luck hereDown in the muck hereUnder the sea"
,Recommended,264710,33441723,Posted: 10 July,all,Caboose-117,"I went into this game not knowing what to think, but it might be the best $20 I've ever spent. The world is so beautiful, the world and the animal models are very unique and well thought out. I don't think I'm very far in the story, but I admit, it seems very cool. None of the tools are useless. I also got pretty scared on more than one occasion. To top it all off, I havn't found any gamebreaking bugs in the game. There are a few sound clipping issues, sometimes my cyclops stops when there is nothing around it, but in all honesty I think they are forgivable. The devs also seem pretty cool and listen well to the community. If you want a new survival game, your search ends here!"
,Recommended,264710,13547042,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Augustus,"For all Fans of FarSky:This is the game you should aim for!- It is more beautiful than FarSky.- It will most definitely get a lot of content which is similar to FarSky, and even expand on what FarSky had to offer.- It gets updated daily (if you activate the experimental branch).- You can vote on what you want to have in the game:https://trello.com/b/WEDPjhjg/subnautica-feature-vote- It is not just one person developing it :PEven though right now the game is in a very early alpha state, I regularly get the urge to dive into the game, because every game is different and it just looks so real and beautiful!Buy it and support the development of it :)"
,Not Recommended,264710,29068634,Posted: 6 January,all,Drefsab,"Let me just say that Subnautica is an absolutely gorgeous game, and one of the few games I've ever played that has instilled a true sense of awe in me as I've explored its world. It is a truly breathtaking experience at times, unlike anything I've ever played, and the crafting is satisfying and mostly logically laid out in its progression. The game is also frequently updated, and it's clear the developers truly love what they've created.HOWEVER, I cannot recommend the game in its current state. It runs fine for the first several hours, but after 10-12 hours it starts severely dropping framerates, regardless of your computer's power, and it frequently crashes. After 22 hours (over time, not in a row obviously) I'm left with wanting to play this game more, but I *can't* because the game crashes less than a minute into loading a save. This is after I've tried all the little tricks out there to fix the problems.I want to love this game, and once they improve the performance and fix the crashes I have no doubt it'll be one of my favorite games of all time, but right now I simply cannot tell you to spend your money on it. Wait on it for a while, read recent reviews, and pick it up when the issues have been fixed. I will amend my review when, and if, those problems are taken care of.Edit: I'm running this on a brand new GTX 1060, so there's no lack of power here. Stop making excuses for terrible performance issues."
76561198062222790,Recommended,264710,22390340,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,dan.werner,Great for the Rift. Very cool game. Has depth (haha). I wish there was multiplayer!
76561198050345807,Recommended,264710,21573984,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Moonlight Shadow,This game is very unique and fun. I love the underwater survival concept and the gameplay is good. I hope it continues to get even better.
,Recommended,264710,19972898,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ManMeat,I bought this game because i am a diver!The only thing this game is missing is an awesome storyline like in Fallout or games a like.Because everything else is there.Just stunning so far i am really lookin forward to see what this game is going to be in the future. Because if they want to it can be big and i mean really big title game!
,Recommended,264710,20189193,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TG2333,"I bought this game thinking that it could help me fight the fear of the ocean, i was wrong, it made it worst."
,Recommended,264710,21237867,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,blessed with a thugs heart,"Well structured gameplay, unique crafting and building system, amazing and grandeur biomes, intriguing aesthetics and in general a very well balanced game. Can't wait to see what comes out of this."
,Recommended,264710,32005499,Posted: 27 May,all,Tialoc,"Subnautica, causing Thalassophobia since December 16th. 2014."
,Recommended,264710,33154535,Posted: 2 July,all,nig,Is it a good single player game with good story and the right amount of horror you want? Subnautica.>build a prawn suit>build drillarms and grapple arms>see a peeper>grapples onto peeper and proceeds to grind it>Peeper not amused that it has been grinded>Computer Crashes
,Recommended,264710,20553033,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,𝔯 𝔢 ℜ 𝔲 𝔫,"Ahh, Subnautica. This game is very refreshing and feels new. This is what I've been looking for.The game explained: Subnautica is a game of where you are a crashed pilot on an alien-type planet. The only thing that you have is the ocean. You are challenged to survive and build, which is a must-have for this game.The ProsAmazing graphics - If you have the right GPU.Refreshing - No other games currently like this, and it is performing it's idea greatly.The Devs - Development on this game has been fantastic and it contiunes to go smooth.And a whole lot more.The ConsNo game is perfect, and since this is an Early Access game it is expected to see cons.Long loading - Look, I understand it takes alot to set everything in place and make sure your system is ready, but I feel as if it takes too long. I've even lost interest in playing because I get sidetracked.Some bugs - I'm not going to start whining about this but of course there always are bugs. For instance, when you hit a certain fish with the knife it teleports away.Little to no options - Look, we need more options for customization in the main menu and in game.Can be demanding for low-end users - If you do not have the best hardware, you may be in trouble. It's a very demanding game so it will use alot of GPU and CPU.The ConclusionDo I reccomend this game? Yes. Even for it's flaws every update adds something new and fixes issues. This is what Early Access should be like in other games."
76561198282583473,Recommended,264710,31856169,Posted: 20 May,all,ConDogs42,This is a super addicting game once i started i couldn't stop and this game is way better than cheaper ones such as stranded and deep and farsky.
76561198000785358,Recommended,264710,34733941,Posted: 4 September,all,TheCombatWombat,"Wonderful game! 10/10!Subnautica is an absolutely beautiful game with a really original take on the survival genre, putting you into the uncomfortable position of being stranded on an ocean planet. It is extremely atmospheric and, if you allow yourself to be immersed in the game, your first night swim with wierd honks and groans and roars and bellows coming from the black depths below you will be more than a little terrifying.I found it to be well designed and the controls were tight, although you do get hung up on ankle-high rocks that you should be able to step over more than I'd like. The story, which you discover through logs, radio transmissions and simply observation of the world around you, was well written and engaging.The graphics are beautiful and I found the sounds and music to be a significant contributor to the immersion. One small problem, though, is that the sound balance is a little wonky so if you're using headphones sometimes it'll be too quiet and sometimes it'll be almost painfully loud.All in all, it's a fantastic game and I really, really hope for a sequel - even if I can't see how one would be achieved!"
,Recommended,264710,28892318,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ensvey,"This is a review of the current state of the game (1/1/17, happy new year!). Early game is pretty well balanced, and it's super satisfying to explore and see all the alien wildlife for the first time. Build a base, find new things to research and build and upgrade, so that you can better explore. Mid to late game though, it can start to get frustrating for a few reasons.First, you have to do quite a bit of grinding to get the materials you need to build upgrades. While the gameplay is fun, grinding can get tedious.Second, the exploration can really feel like flying blind since there's no objective markers (aside from some initial escape pod signals early on) and no map. You either need to look around randomly for wrecks and other worthwhile landmarks, or cheat and look at a map online.Then, late game, even looking online won't help you if you get lost in really deep caves. If you're not thorough in marking your way, you may be trapped down in those caves, drown and lose your expensive equipment. Quite frustrating.All that said, overall I greatly enjoyed the majority of my playthrough so far, and I've experienced about all the current content. There's something super cool about starting out with nothing on an alien planet, and working your way up to building a seabase and giant submarine. I will likely revisit the game when it's content complete. I hope they work on some of the frustrating aspects between now and then."
76561198030317641,Recommended,264710,22215603,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Uldorath,"I love this game, it's sapped many enjoyable hours of my life away.A beautiful world to explore, harvest and build in with the seeds of a future mysterious plot to uncover.If you like Minecraft you will love this game.  If you dont like Minecraft you will probably still love this game.  Buy this game :)"
76561198111968299,Recommended,264710,14169998,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Hammerark,"I don't have a lot of time to write this review so it's going to be pretty basic. I did feel compelled to write it though because this game has surpassed any of my expectations I had for it including graphical, gameplay, longevity etc.Graphics are convincing and I'm hard to please, the reeds sway beautifully in the currents, the sun breaks through the surface of the water and casts light rays over the alien reef and makes me feel almost scared of the sheer scale of things. I desperately want to explore but I'm worried to go too far from my pod at the moment. I do know that the longer ranges of exploration will come with time invested in the game and it encourages me to go a little further with each dive, just to see what I can find.Without rambling on too much I'll just finish off with this fact. I had said to myself that I wouldn't invest in any more early access games after feeling let down by previous devs. This game has rekindled my faith in the system, or at least made me feel that not all devs are out for a quick buck. This game has trully impressed me so far and I'd highly recommend it to anyone no matter what your usual genre is. I can't wait to see what comes next."
76561198049575899,Recommended,264710,15013884,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Bassy,"Great  Game, its really good and its been out in alpha for for a very short time. If you like underwater life or even open world games, then this is for you. Keep in mind that its still an alpha, but I will say this. This is one of the best alpha game I've ever played, and I love the concept and everything about it."
,Not Recommended,264710,32607014,Posted: 20 June,all,Brick,"Introduction(and let's be honest, the only part you will read)Early access games are interesting because of the spectrum they can be classified into. There are two ends, the games that are so unfinished that it is annoying and insulting that someone would sell it, and the other end, games so finished that they have no reason to be in early access. Many games fall to the extremes of the spectrum despite the fact that early access games should fall into the middle. Subnautica is a game that falls nicely into the middle. The game is playable, yet there are still clunky, buggy, and even missing mechanics to remind you that this game is not complete. Of course the title of early access does not save it from problems that I have with it.REMEMBER, THIS IS MY PERSONAL OPINION, I AM NOT SAYING I HATE THE GAME, I AM SIMPLY JUST GIVING MY THOUGHTSGraphicsI like to start off positive in my reviews, so I will start with the visual aspect of subnautica. Subnautica is a beautiful game. I really like the style and creatures. On ultra settings, the graphics (and especially the water) look great. The graphics are made even more impressive due to the fact that the game was developed by 20 people. While the graphics are beautiful, certain things are not. The aurora up close is really low quality compared to the rest of the game. The render distance is also strange. It seems that Unknownworlds used a simmular way to render things above water as they do underwater, creating some strange vistas when you poke your head above the sea. Besides that, this game is a treat to look at. 8/10GameplayDo you remember how I said that I like to start off positive in my reviews, well... here comes the negative. Subnautica starts out strong with introducing you to the gameplay. You go around and collect easy to find materials that are close to you. The game is introducing you to the cool things right off the bat, like the scanner, sea-glide, base builder, and vehicle constructer. The game feels fresh for the first ten hours or so. Around that ten hour mark, the game starts to reveal its problems. The game starts to feel like a grind instead of a survival game. The usual cycle is:1. I want to build this cool thing!2. Oh, I need a blueprint.3. Searches for an hour for a small object in a vast ocean.4. Gets bored of searching and check the wiki for more info5. either find the blueprint in twenty minutes OR not find anything after another thirty minutes. (proceed to step 6 if you cannot find the blueprint.)6. use console commands to get the object.7. feel like you cheated and go back to step one with another object.This is not to mention the materials that you have to collect that are equally hard to find that you need to build the blueprints. The game is just a grindfest. The bases are fun to build, but once you build your ""magnum opis"", there is not much more to do. Overall, a fun experience at first, but soon becomes a grind. Overall a 4/10. *Edit*I feel like I was a little too hard on the gameplay aspect of subnautica. Subnautica is a fun game, don't get me wrong, but it is still a little grindy. Subnautica is not all a grind though, it still has some really fun moments of exploration and discovery. I want to raise the score to a 6/10, because a 5 is average and this game is certainly above average.Updates and ContentBecause this is an early access game, updates need to be frequent and good. Subnautica updates seem to be good. The updates are not absoulutely game-changing, but they are nice. The developers seem to listen to feedback and interact with the community.It is sad that this is a suprise with early access devs, because this should be the norm. Overall a solid 8/10.ProformanceThis is a short section because I have had numerous encounters with extreme framerate spikes and massive glitches. One time, literally all the water dissapeared from the ocean when I went to bed. There are patches and such, but the game still runs about as well as the fat kid on the track team (not well at all, but seems to be improving... slowly). 4/10.Final ThoughtsIs Subnautica a bad game? no. Does Subnautica have potential. Absolutely! Do I regret my purchase? no, but I did not pay full price. Should I pay full price for this game? It depends. If you like grindy games like this, yes, but if you are unsure, get it on sale. This game is good and I can see it becoming something great, but as of now, this game is not worth $20 to me. When this game is finished (Which I believe it will be), this game could be something amazing. Overall, a 6.5/10, a solid game, but it has the potential to be something even better.Edit and revisionsI wrote this while hyped up on coffee at midnight, so needless to say that the review was not how I would like it to be. I still hold my opinions about this game, but I do feel like I was way too harsh. As I re-read the review, it came across like I was judging a complete $60 game instead of an early access $20 one. Hopefully this cleared some things up. Thanks!Another editYes, this review was written before the huge update. When I get around to it, I plan to write an updated review. Until then, stay salty."
76561198098765153,Recommended,264710,31704533,Posted: 12 May,all,Thejoelanator,please add night vision would be easier and would help me get the courage to go the active laza zone
76561198060881348,Recommended,264710,15010859,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,flip its,cool game but IN EARLY DEVELOPMENT  played for two hours made an underwater base and little sea moth ship went to 100m game crashed lost my save...  made me not want to play again until fixed but very fun and not developers fault because the game is in early access so problems should be expected. Otherwise had lots of fun and from where it stands now with all the stuff in it and it’s not even done will be a very fun and time consuming game.Rest in pepperonis 2 hours of life
76561198044304878,Recommended,264710,19861062,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Kelpy G,"10/10 best underwater hamster cage simulator.Seriously it's some of the funnest part of the game adding on all this advanced technology and corridors, you can live in your own personal hamster cage filled with more and more stuff. The waters are filled mostly with creatures that want to eat you or swim right past you. Though there is one nitpick with the creatures, the brambles that shoot spikes are extremely annoying and you can't kill them. When you're building outside and they shoot at you, they also damage your base which is infuriating. Solution? Use the terraformer and put rock around them (not ON them, you form rocks on them and they'll shoot spikes through it, needs a patch IMO) and that should stop them from shooting at you. The only other nitpick is that the draw distance is horrible but hey can you blame them? It's underwater physics, plus it's early access. Cool little thing is you get an achievement for reporting glitches or bugs that break the game. If there are some really annoying things about the game it's this: Moving items is an absolute bore and pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ if you deconstruct ANYTHING that holds items (lockers, storage units, things like that), those items won't be there when you reconstruct them, so don't save after deconstructing something unless it's empty. Also one last thing, there's no efficient way to power the cyclops except putting 4 crappy looking solor panels on it, If you want to completely recharge the cyclops, you need 6 power cells, That's too many and takes up way too many materials. Every other power source (bioreactor, transfer rod or whatever that diamond rod is) weighs it down. There needs to be a way to dock the Cyclops or power it. Other than that, really fun game"
,Recommended,264710,14272264,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,⚡⚡ cfitz001 ⚡⚡,"I made a observer tube and pushed it down a abyss. I then jumped in it and watched out as I sank. I'm now at the bottom, it's pitch black, and I'm pretty sure if I went outside I'd die in an instant due to pressure or something similar.Best Early access I've actually seen."
76561198067924752,Not Recommended,264710,28605221,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,AtomicWaffle14,"While Subnautica is a really interesting game with a lot of cool adventure, danger, and creativity in mind, and I really wish I could play it more, it lacks too much in performance. After playing for about 10 hours in a single world, lag spikes become rampant regardless of PC specs due to the way the world-loading is programmed. After doing some forum searching I've noticed that these performance issues have been around for over a year now, without any visible efforts to fix them in recent updates. I would not recommend this game until these issues are fixed, as it becomes virtually unplayable."
,Recommended,264710,22016446,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Chipotle,"Day 12?1. Crafted a scanner.2. Decide to scan everything.3. Heard loud alien noise in deep ocean, decide to check it out.4. Saw giant horned snake looking alien.5. Approach it to scan.6. Effing monster latch on me and killed me.11/10 would scan lifeform again."
76561198050433002,Recommended,264710,18251357,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,rcjenn40,"Probably the most stunning visual exploration/crafting game on the market, and this is still early access.Very playable even in this state. For many, including me and my wife, we get a warning screen that our computers are not up to spec for the game, but click Dismiss and easily play it just fine.Absolutely gorgeous scenery, a crafting system that makes sense and rewards exploration, several different game modes; survival, freedom, and hardcore, and a fully open sandbox to wander and explore with real life or death consequences.A responsive, very capable development team that show a sincere desire to see this game be all that it can be.Well worth supporting or watching if you're a fan of open world exploration and crafting games. This easily has the potential to be the benchmark of the genre."
76561198034350992,Recommended,264710,21470904,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Bending Deals # Dirty harry,"I must say this game is certainly getting better with each update! Certainly a great title! and fun with ever growing things to explore and do!.. But i really want them to add Co-op so i can play with another person or a friend or 2..Just read this recently thought i might add this as it may answer the question to a lot of people who wants multiplayer...Adding multiplayer support to Subnautica is something we would love to do. In fact, the game was originally conceived of as a co-op experience. However, as we started to develop the game, we skipped multiplayer to be able to release the game faster.Now we find ourselves in a difficult situation: we all really want co-op player, but adding it would take us many months of work. We almost have to start over from the beginning, as it affects everything. If our small team decided to add multiplayer right now, we probably wouldn’t be able to improve any other aspect of the game for a very long time.So we’re not sure what we’re going to do, but we’re not working on multiplayer right now. The most important thing is to make sure the exploration, crafting and creature experience is working well. Maybe before v1.0 we’ll figure out a way to hire another team to help us with networking, or maybe we’ll release a new version of the game later that supports co-op (like Klei did with “Don’t Starve Together”).”That’s Subnautica multiplayer as it stands today. If the team consensus moves, we will keep you updated. We have to be honest about this: “we’re not working on multiplayer right now” means there is zero, nada, zilch, absolutely no possibility of multiplayer any time in the short or medium term."
,Recommended,264710,21557759,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Breacher64̘͓͆͒ͣ,"If you like the ocean, you will love this. So far it is amazing. It has loads of beautiful plant and animal life, and a great terrain. I have seen other creatures planned for later, and they look amazing. It is great for just exploration, trying to survive, or making a huge arena and making reapers battle things. Such an amazing game that is so hard to explain. You have to play it to really understand it."
,Recommended,264710,22598897,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Draiko223,"Okay I play a lot of early access games and I got to say this one takes the cake! I mean visually this game is one hell of a gem! the designs on the landscape and various creatures are rather impressive and the game mechanics are pretty simple to figure out. I admit it could use some more explaining in the begining of the game, at first I was confused as to where you find certain resources and what to actually do. but after a bit you'll find it pretty easy to figure out. So I suggest you buy this game and try it out! you won't regret it ^w^"
76561198079292491,Not Recommended,264710,28435475,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,"Skull ""Insanity"" Suit","Don't get me wrong, i love this game to absolute death, it is one of the better survival games i have played in a while (and you should buy it aswell if you already haven't).However, this game has two fatal ♥♥♥♥ing flaws.1. Framerate drop: Whenever i try to go through areas, sometimes the textures haven't been loaded in yet, and when they do, the game goes from 130 frames down to ♥♥♥♥ing 10-50. And in some cases the game stops completely.2. Constant Crashes: Subnautica has crashed over 20 times during my 18+ hours of gameplay, this is related to the first problem, the framerate slows down to a grinding halt, and then the game tells me that it has crashed.Conclusion: it is an incredibly good game, but these two flaws will have to be fixed for me to fully enjoy the gaming experience.And no, i have a pretty good rig, so that is not the problem."
,Recommended,264710,16976465,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Virum esportpoints.com,"This game is cool it is so Amazing and it is an Early Access game, It is worth $20 ,This game may have some bugs but you can report bugs and they will respone and they will fix the bug at next update I really recommend this game it is very Awesome!!!"
,Recommended,264710,22785852,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Sigsen,One of the coziest games I've ever played
76561198181704601,Recommended,264710,21863326,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,brynjohnstone,it needs mutiplayer  (x2)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,264710,15719817,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,AaronSayWhat,"Subnautica is absolutely amazing, hands down one of the best and unique open world survival games. I don't really know what else to say, it's simply so much fun! Its massive world, unique and amazing aquatic life, base building, and outstanding  ambient noises (such as reefbacks) make this game a definite buy! I'm always excited to see what Unknown Worlds add to the game next! An easy 9/10 rating for me personally!Only issue I am having is occasional frame drops from 135 to about 10 in certain areas."
,Recommended,264710,34098446,Posted: 8 August,all,cinnamonbuns49,Great.
76561198045760783,Recommended,264710,15877664,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,King of the flamingo,"Subnautica pros and consPros: Amazing graphics, an amazing amount of npcs for early access, this game also provides  a good amount of crafting items that range from useful to useless. and easy for beginners to crafting/survival games.Cons: Due to the graphics you will require a powerful computer for the best game play, most npcs are useless and there is only 1 tool that can truly kill a npc that can damage you, and the worst flaw is the frame rate is random and glitched so bad it can cause you to die in a bad frame rate mostly from drowning.So all in all its a great early access game but it still needs a lot of work to become a master piece."
,Recommended,264710,16301344,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,MisterPister,Really pretty and pretty fun
76561198258606334,Recommended,264710,33141992,Posted: 2 July,all,bratricky,"I must admitte I am loving this game. Normaly I loth Survival games but this one I love. they never seem to have a goal be on survival, very frustrating for me. I admitte that I have only had it for a couple of days but I am all ready over 20 houres into it. Even all the time I die ( and it`s a lot) don`t anoy  me like the other ones I tried. One of the thing I like best about this one is you get to have ( at lease)three different game running at once.something I like because it means I can share the game with someone else on my PC.My Roommate is all ready buying his own copy so we can both be playing at the same time"
76561197998381616,Recommended,264710,15135573,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Gristle McThornBody VanderHuge,"So i bought this game after watching a review from FRANKIEonPCin1080p on the Tubes of You...  So after about 10 minutes of watching, my wallet was $20 lighter.   OHH the game... pretty freakin' shweet.  lootin', swimmin', scavengin',... a shut-in's delight.    Best of all, it's from the Unknown Worlds guys and i didn't know that till much later...Great game, great company, and i can't wait to see more from them!"
,Recommended,264710,15309668,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ShakeTheSnake,Its amazing... nuff said.
76561198278433084,Recommended,264710,21868368,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,TheGuyWhoPlayzGames,SO EPIC! EVEN THO I HAVE OCEANPHOBIA I LOVE IT!  you can spend 100 HOURS and not get bored just like me!
,Recommended,264710,25382679,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Great pass!,"Subnautica is not only unique among survival games by virtue of its underwater setting, it's also unique in that it's the only one of these EA indie survival games that I actually enjoy.The setting is beautiful, the mechanics are solid, crafting is just complicated enough but not overwhelming, hunger is balanced...in short, this is a really good game. When you dive down, there is legitimate tension; I often realized that I was unconsciously holding my breath during my dives. And yet, it's not a horror game. It's not particularly difficult. It's just one of those games that pull you in, yet triggers some deep fear, far at the back of our animal brain.Unfortunately, performance needs to be worked on. It runs ok on my system (60fps), but there is plenty of room for improvement to remove small hangs and jitters. Some animations are janky and buggy. Loading a saved game triggers a million messages as all of the game systems initialize. But this is still early access and the game is absolutely worth playing in its current state.edit: typo"
,Recommended,264710,15287639,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,KALPIS,Worth every penny even in early access.+ great graphics+ gameplay is great+ exploration never gets boring+ 4h or more of gameplay- Crashes often for me-minor bugs
,Recommended,264710,13584838,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SpyRou,"If you like underwater stuff and not just shallow beach diving, this game is for you!Even tho this game is in early acces, there is alot of depth in this game.. and if not in the gameplay department so much theres plenty below the surface. Alot to explore and see. There really aint a game like this out there. Cant wait to see this game develope."
76561198007495927,Recommended,264710,14755707,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Kuloth,"Beautiful visuals, lovely soundscape, very original idea, very nicely put together, tons of potential. Really refreshing new take on sandbox play.I think this game will be really incredible with a bit more development. As it stands I got almost 7 hours challenging fun out of it with a very early build, so it's a solid BUY recommendation at $19.99.It's early access and early stage of development, so (Late Feb 2014 build) expect some bugs, some balance issues and some clunk."
76561198376153552,Recommended,264710,33175223,Posted: 3 July,all,"u77uuuuuu, DOMUM","It's a beautiful game with a great adventure and story, there are a few bugs but that happens with early acces builds, if you don't have a great pc it will take a long while to load sometimes more then 500 seconds. But I would still recommend it"
,Recommended,264710,20853954,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Tartrazine,"I tend to dislike any game with a strong resource gathering / crafting element. They bore the pants off me. Hard to explain then why, with limited time to game these days, I've just sunk 40 hours into this and haven't regretted one of them.  Really, Really enjoyed it.Perhaps it's the novelty of the underwater setting. Perhaps it's the real OMFG tension of exploring and hearing or seeing a new creature, with no idea if that means I'm about to have dinner, or be dinner, or see my Seamoth mini sub torn to pieces. Again.And the views! I find myself stopping and gazing in newly discovered areas just to take it all in. In fact I do the same in areas I've been to or passed through many times before.Just a tip - not a spoiler -   for when you're a few hours into the game.  You're seamoth mini sub can be upgraded, and doing so allows you to go further and deeper to properly explore the map. Before I realised that I thought the bulk of the map was just bottomless water.And whilst discovering things yourself is fun, don't be afraid to hit the wiki or Google if you're confused about something. It's not always obvious what the possibilities are in this game."
76561198016058539,Recommended,264710,31745969,Posted: 14 May,all,Jonathan,"A beautiful, beautiful game. One of the most engaging games I have ever played."
,Recommended,264710,23223902,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Physaliss,"10/10Buy this game if you like to explore games. This game is a very big and interesting survival game. I have enjoyed it 16 hours now, and i have played 6 hours on my map right now.I prefer you give this game a chance, because it is hard sometimes and a little bit scary, because the♥♥♥♥♥♥""reaper"".-graphics-survival-gameplayRealy enjoy it.Explore the whole big big big world."
,Recommended,264710,30499301,Posted: 13 March,all,KingCrawful,"*Enters the jellyshroom caves*Me: ""Wow, this game is so beautiful! The graphics are amazing and its only in early access! Let me just take a moment to suck this all in.""*Crabsnake jumps out a jellyshroom, grabs me, screams a bloodcurling screech at me, and kills me.*Me: ""Oh yea. I forgot the real reason I bought this game."""
,Recommended,264710,19247230,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,You don't see me anymore,Subnautica is a very good survival game because its unique. its the only underwateer survival game! i know ive only played like 3 hours but eery new thing i see about subnautica is awsome!love the game thanks!100% WORTH IT!
,Recommended,264710,19506158,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Bullet,"This Game escaped just from my Dreams =DI played before games like Stranded Deep, Far Sky, World of Diving but no one was as good like Subnautica.I really can recommend this game for everybody what love diving, Explore, Loot and Craft stuff, Surreal Worlds and Surviving oh and not to forgeth to Build Underwaterstations and Vehicles!Also the game have alot variety, good quality and not much bugs! (if you found bugs or anything else you can send Feedback to the developer)Also i like to see they still work on it and make upgrades.Just put the game into ur wishlist and wait for sale if the 19,99$ be to xpansive for your purse"
76561198006633241,Recommended,264710,19963790,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ron,"I have never been scared of anything in any game, until I got this. It realized a childhood fear of mine from growing up on an island, the dark unknown of deep waters. But man, I have absolutely enjoyed it and learned to slowly overcome my fear and go deeper and deeper, with my sub, aptly name Meatball. I can't wait to see more as the game progresses."
76561197993495947,Recommended,264710,19916454,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Himax,"Scarriest game I have ever played.I've played resident evil, silent hill, and a wide range of other games.But THIS game is the only one that can make me so scared I have to stop playing.When I'm NOT wetting myelf, this game offers a truly great survival and crafting experience.It's growing all the time, I whole-heartedly recomend it."
,Recommended,264710,21877058,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,💉gay corrupting pollen 200(11)4,"this game scares me more than any game that tries as hard as possible to scare it's players.i mean did you see the concept art for the ""crabsquid""whystopbut actually dont stop because this is pretty much the best survival game i've playedalso its scary"
,Recommended,264710,33378572,Posted: 8 July,all,xZOKA,"We are in a time that survival games are the most popular and most forgettable game genre . In a perspective this is a good thing, you know more survival games means at least one will be good. And i proudly can say or wait i will announce it with a style Ladies and Gentelman this is that game! Yes you didnt hear me wrong! The King said it...So why should you buy this game, and i know most people will scroll down and go on if i write this review so formal , so hold on just hear me. I have to be honest i have not played many survival games maybe three or four and some that i downloaded when i was younger, illegaly...(shame) In those few games, i only found a interesting story and fun gameplay in this game. Since ''fun'' is a a feeling my words will just open a little window but well,, shut up! I'm trying to make you spend your money here!No but really this game has a actual story, yes! How many survival games have a story that you can be interested in! Let me just quickly get you interested to the game.. Your ship aka. Aurora crushes to a unknown planet which is mostly covered by water . By time you started to discover new stuff and you learn that there was a alien species living here many years ago. BUt they left. But why? And the actual story beggins here. I won't give any spoilers. Go and find out yourself!The Gameplay is something different than many survival games since the games revolves in water... but i can say that you won't have any problems at all when you get used to it. If you have any problems, that's probably because of you...But there is a downside of this game... frame drops and few glitches here and there which i think developers will fix by time. If you really really get annoyed by frame drops, just wait until the full release .So this concludes my review, overally this game is a really good game and can be addictive to many. I would reccomend you to buy it when its on sale BUT this game deserves a full price too, the choice is yours to make ! Hope to see you in the game! ( JK there is no multiplayer ) Have fun"
,Not Recommended,264710,27163883,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MGfreak,"Changed from a Exploration-Survival Game into a Action-Survival Game.When the game launched you had this amazing underwater world where you could explore the world, find aggresive and passive animals and could build your own base.Now almost everything attacks you on sight without any reason and you have no way to fight back. The fun in exploring the world was patched out."
76561198124690229,Recommended,264710,15787599,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,FMcCock,great game. lots of fish
76561198051278364,Not Recommended,264710,28941737,Posted: 2 January,all,zwitfire,"One of the best survival games I have played. The game itself is just.. amazing. But the performance is just pure horror. Screen freezes, swapping from 60 to 1 fps every 5 seconds. Once progressing in the game it crashes and shuts down every few minutes. Myself I'm completely unable to play the game anymore due to the game crashing within 5 seconds after starting it. According to forums the game isn't optimized yet. Although it's not expensive, I wouldn't recommend purchasing until this is fixed. Will update review once fixed."
76561197972457415,Recommended,264710,28063677,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Del on Earf,"One of the most beautiful games I have ever seen, also one of the scariest.Colorful shallows, dark depths, winding caves, and terrifying sea monstrosities await!"
,Recommended,264710,31529271,Posted: 3 May,all,fantomik,"Really captivating experience. I'm not really into survival games but Subnautica really sucked me into. It is very friendly for casual players with a great atmosphere being it's greatest selling point. Very immersive in its gameplay, not grindy as many other games and it's exploration aspect is top notch."
76561198139440711,Recommended,264710,14897265,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Rivers Nova,"Subnautica can only get better!Its a Sci-Fi Future Survival Crafting Exploration game!The updates are very good!Subnautica Needs co-op!You can build Seabases! Small and Large Submarines! and many more Diver Tools!Subnautica gets 10/10 not even finished yet!Get this game and actually enjoy a Early Acces game!As you can see i have 20+hrs on this game and counting, thats how good it is!You will like/ love playing this game and this is why (read below)""I really don't know why it is that all of us are so committed to the sea, except I think it's because in addition to the fact that the sea changes, and the light changes, and ships change, it's because we all came from the sea. And it is an interesting biological fact that all of us have in our veins the exact same percentage of salt in our blood that exists in the ocean, and, therefore, we have salt in our blood, in our sweat, in our tears. We are tied to the ocean. And when we go back to the sea - whether it is to sail or to watch it - we are going back from whence we came.""- John F. Kennedy"
,Recommended,264710,13436379,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Arik De Frasia,"So far this game is going in the right direction. I have great hopes that it'll turn into the game the FarSky should have been.  If you're like me and Farsky's sudden conclusion of development left you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, this game is your best bet for the underwater survival genre."
76561198076295893,Recommended,264710,25969302,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,dgrayman1112,Probably one of the most entertaining open-world games you could get nowadays. One with the least amount of problems. Highly reccomend this game to those who had enjoyed minecraft in the past
76561198152088650,Recommended,264710,17420671,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Jholdyace,"I highly suggest you play this game with headphones, the ambiance in it is amazing. this game has many cool features, and one of my favourites is the base building. It's a happy cheerful place with many cool creatures to discover like the leviathan, but if you are daring enough to go deep sea diving then you will see a whole new side to this planet. I have a fear of the open sea with nothing to see under your feet (yes you can see your feet), and this game does that alot with depths reaching over 300m. I've only played a couple hours but I can't seem to find any game breaking bugs, unless of course you're in the experimental build. So if you're looking for a well made often updated exploration indie game, then you've found it."
,Recommended,264710,17387063,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,3RAS3R,"Basically it’s a survival game, where you have to collect materials and food to survive and create equipment and such, same as any survival game, but this one is done underwater, the graphics and sound are really nice and well done, responsive controls, and nice easy to use crafting menu, the problem with this game and with most survival games, is that the requirement for food and water are very taxing, at least with the short time I played this game, you need to spend most of your time preparing food and water to drink or food instead of spending your time exploring, mind you the game has a mode where you can explore without the need to eat or drink, but that’s not the point, in real world you can survive without food and water for a long time, why not in survival games. So I request from the developers to consider this, it would be much more fun, other than this, although it’s an early access, it’s worth a try."
76561198056067740,Recommended,264710,21958811,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,B3Wall,"I'm usually not a fan of Early Access games, but I'd highly reccomend getting Subnautica.As a Scuba Diver, this game really gets me at the core of why I dive: the beauty of nature, and exploration.This gorgeous and sometimes dangerous world is full of life and peculiar beauty, sounds and sights that send a shiver down your spine. The world is large and full of things to explore and try out, and with the consistent updates there's always something to come back to.Whether you want a place to relax as you explore the colorful shallows, listening to the sounds of nature.Or if you want the tense, dark, and dangerous deep-sea biomes.This game has it for you.And this game isn't just an idle exploration of a world, there's plenty to do. Gathering and scavenging resources in this game manages to walk to fine line between grinding and a cakewalk. You get to slowly evolve from the scared, slow diver surrounded by carnivorous fish, to the powerful, confident engineer walking the ocean floor in their exosuit.In my non-professional opinion...I absolutely reccomend this game.9.5/10"
,Recommended,264710,33171610,Posted: 3 July,all,👻 aussytitn 👻,"Before I start this review, let me just tell you all now - I amDEATHLYafraid of water (see:THIS b*stard), and I have a veryveryhard time with water deeper than five feet, so this is coming from a dude just trying to somehow overcome a stupid fear.This game is AMAZING. The gameplay feels smooth, the graphics look astounding, and the AI feel like actual fish/sea monsters. The exploration is invigorating and the overall ambience is spooky and intriguing, like there's still so much more to explore. The whole scanning/building system is something I, myself, have not ever seen before, much less thought of. There seems to actually be a story, unlike many many other survival games out there, and I can't wait to see what new stuff will be brought along over time. Overall, I would recommend this game if you like underwater exploration and survival. If you're a pansy like me who can't seem to push through because it's just too scary, then I'd say do what makes you comfortable - be it buying the game and staying in the shallows, or just sticking to Minecraft or something.This game is a masterpiece, this review was all over the place, and the Aurora remains unexplored until I gather some balls to go for a little swim."
,Recommended,264710,35143661,Posted: 22 September,all,Begwhi,"This game is..Amazing, its everything I could have wanted, Underwater, deep sea, alien. spaceits a great gamei hope the performance and clipping glitches are resolved in the release, just as Slime rancher's glitches where.it has great potential here on steam. Although it is already Great, it actually reminds me of a game i played when i was a kid,  i think it was dolphinz petz rescue, for ds"
,Recommended,264710,17675977,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"Ok so i did play this in the early access as of this review.Absolutely amazing atmospheric game, awesome visuals and a very smooth gameplay.» Swam around, found some stuff.» Build some stuff with it» Build my base» Build a few extra gear and equipment itemsthought i was doing good and became overconfident...» swam deeper and found even more stuff...» made anti-radiation suit» went towards the auroraHmm what's in here?» heared a different music .... (hmm ok then)» heared a unknown animal sound....  (uhh, sounds mad)so yeh i still kept swimming» Saw a REAPER LEVIATHAN coming towards me !!!» shet myself, cried in a corner , diedwould die again 10/10Seriously though, this game is absolutely amazing and a must have for almost every gamer out there.Massive respect for the devs making this game so cool."
76561198007367950,Recommended,264710,16629077,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,AquaHoHoHo,"Fantastic game. Scares the pants off of me because the ocean is the scariest place in the world. Great crafting game, amazing atmosphere, cool futuristic oontz oontz music, scary monsters, and a cool robot voice that says ""welcome Captain"" when you go into your bases or your giant submarine. Also, this game is great for an alpha.Get this if you like:-survival games-crafting games-action and adventure-the great blue sea-being scared by giant fish with huge teeth that come out of nowhereTL;DR: 9/10"
,Recommended,264710,22667430,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,windermeer,"I have an EXTREME fear of the ocean... for good reasons... and this game is NOT helping me overcome this fear... but even if i fear it, even if i wanna just stop playing as soon as i hear a scary sound, or something flickering past my seamoth... i still keep going... because deep down there, in the darkness and the lair of creatures that can kill me instantly... or slowly and painfully... there must be something worth seeing...GET. THIS. GAME. NOW!!!!!!!"
76561197995427428,Recommended,264710,20167700,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Keten Kennek,"A fun game with amazing graphics and environments.  The crafting is a bit simplistic, and the exploration needs tweaking.  The 'enemies' are well balanced.  A little low on content, but I expect great things in the future.Cant wait to get a VR for this game."
76561198125451288,Recommended,264710,16044353,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,StormingVoid,I freaking love this game. It's so fun and there's so much to do. i had a problem with it crashing but I was so stupid and didn't install driver for the knew gpu i had gotten five mins before i tried to play it.10/10 would get knocked off escape pod by Aurora blast and get eaten by reaper.
,Recommended,264710,21842578,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Cannibalistica,"Beautiful game with interesting mechanics. For early access they update fairly reliably and interact with the community. Amazing world to explore.However;You need a beast computer. I mean a beast. Your graphics card needs to be the♥♥♥♥♥♥ you need a lot of ram and memory and a new system, just to START the game.So if your computer can handle it I recommend it, otherwise (fair warning) don't buy a game you won't be able to open."
76561198062536515,Recommended,264710,14105685,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,ZeroMatterX,"Extremely atmospheric, beatiful and innovative. Explore an alien underwater world full of wonders all while trying to survive its many dangers. Great art & sound design. (The alien creatures are marvelous). I also love how the game starts out gentle with the nice coulourful areas near the surface and gets more and more terrifying the deeper you go. Already engaging in alpha and well worth the price. Updates also seem to be frequent. If you like survival games or ever dreamed of exploring the deep seas but were too scared to do it in real life, do it in subnautica. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,264710,25350389,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,sshinofield,"It's a pretty fun game, however, it is quickly beaten, I thought. I mean, you spend hours gleefully chasing down new materials and blueprints, enjoying the scenery, and working on fragments of available story, but quickly end up with a decked out base, modded out Cyclops sub, and ways of gettign food and water without too much effort, and the game suddenly loses a purpose. Don't get me wrong, it is a ton of fun to play, and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,264710,20902548,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,LeonDOGE,"I love Subnautica: beautiful environments, a grand diversity of life forms (small to gigantic), many explorable areas, etc.And heck, it's still in-dev!Side note: Thanks to this game, I got pretty much over my fear of the ocean... well, except those times encountering the Reaper Leviathan, when I accidentally♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants.."
,Recommended,264710,22206256,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,The Realist Thing,i like it but it needs mulitplayer
,Recommended,264710,21143363,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Canna,"Breathtaking game, no less.Subnautica is, in my eyes, one of the best early access titles you can grab atm. The game puts a twist on the regular survival game, forcing you to swim your way around a beautiful landscape going from shallow coral reefs to spooky dark depths, which may hold an unpleasant surprise. In the base ''Story Mode'' of the game, you play as a stranded crewman from the spaceship ''Aurora'', somewhere in a not-too-distant future. You start off in an escape pod with limited supplies & some diving gear; you choose what happens next.The gamplay is honestly amazing; you feel like you're in control of your character, and the immersion (in the game, not the water *silence* ok) is very pleasing. The game does suffer from some bugs such as weird noise in loading screens, sometimes loading your game but not letting you use item bar, general AI feels weird when it comes in contact with the cyclops, and the render distance could be pushed a bit. Alot of stuff has been fixed by the dev team, which is pretty active and somewhat transparent about where the developpement is at; props to devs like these. Other noteworthy thing would be the ability to choose between regular survival and ''freedom'', identical to the other survival mode except with no food/water bar for those who dislike that mechanic.Edit: This game is a prime example of how Early Access can be an amazing thing, they add content updates regularly and  publish posts explaining everything they added. Everytime there's an update, you have a reason to be excited because there's almost surely new content to play with, and without having to pay any more money.Nonetheless, this is an amazing title that will catter to fans of diving, but also to those (like me) who would be terrified to go diving in anything more than shallow waters.  I recommend it to any survival fan, as long as you don't mind spending most of your time swimming or simply being under water."
76561198022028547,Recommended,264710,20184486,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,robsarah.wake123,"This game is a breath of fresh air, or you could be gasping for air on survival.!!! Literally. LOL.A beautifully immersive game, stunning visuals with loads to do. The music and sounds are spot on too.Happy for my children to play something that doesn't involve stabbing, shooting, or running over someone, as you really do need to keep an eye what they get their hands on these days. And it doesn't matter how good you are,, nobody is going to tell you your a noob, and call you rubbish.Wish there were more games like this one.Keep the updates coming.!!!!Love It"
76561197977445904,Recommended,264710,15024310,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Moonman,Graphics are spot on 3d realm smooth as ever seen a game that runs smooth this it!
,Recommended,264710,23394175,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,iamgrant07,"I just love it, it's awesome you MUST have the game in your library."
76561198019703852,Recommended,264710,14256752,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,tempestlrd,"Good solid game, needs full controller support for this type of game...I will give this game a thumbs up for now, as with all early access they are liable to ""take the money and run"".  My biggest problem so far is no controller and like most survival games someone thinks its fun to eat 70k in callories per day just to survive.  They have a no food option but thats not what I want either...I just dont want to focus all my day around eating, that gets boooooring and tedious."
,Recommended,264710,13536879,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Elrond Hubbard,How do I swim?
,Not Recommended,264710,26466720,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Gusty Gear,"Honestly, I really do love this game. I've played constantly in the past week or so after buying it earlier this year. So I started up a new survival game. Finally unlocked the Cyclops and, poof, my game now after maybe hardly 30 seconds of being loaded into the game crashes. I don't recall it doing this earlier this year...I don't know what the issue is because I have all the settings on its lowest possible option and I'm running on three year old hardware that was top of the line at that time. So I don't really think it has anything to do with my hardware's performance.tl;dr: Game crashes constantly after getting really far in the game and continues to crash.Please fix this, I really do enjoy this game. :(EDIT;1/28/17Played the game again for a couple of hours and things went fine, thought the updates in these past couple of months fixed it. Low and behold roughly 6 hours in, it crashes after 5 seconds of me going back in-game. So sick of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Recommended,264710,14548130,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Danny Laad,"Fun at first , but then not much more to do after you've built the two submarine. Has lots of potential! would recomend buying when more features are added."
,Recommended,264710,20566618,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Jack The Samurai,Graphics are beautiful and gameplay is amazing
,Not Recommended,264710,28586713,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Big Bird 700,"In the games current state it runs above 60fps on my PC with the new RX 470 at minimum graphical settings. However, the game still had frame rate drops and stutter when moving between biomes.Don't get me wrong here, this is a great open world, sandbox and survival game. But in it's current state it's really unoptimised and hard to run on even a decent PC like mine. I can't reccomend it in it's current state untill the devs optimise this game a lot more. It crashed twice within a 10 minute timeframe once.If You are still really keen to explore an alien ocean like I was then go for it. However, be prepared to be amazed at the first 10+ hours of gameplay, and then watch in horror as the game crashes just because you entered a new biome. It seemed to crash less on reccomended settings for me personally."
,Recommended,264710,22237719,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Cal Umbreon,"Lots to explore in this game and even more things to find. Interesting, filled with unique and even scientifically possible alien creatures, some lore and sharks I find Subnautica amazing.Nothing quite like the feeling when you finally get that submarine, after the time you sspent farming materials.I'd highly reccomend this game, just be wary on slightly slower computers, this game is huge."
76561198151613452,Recommended,264710,16163040,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,meebajeeb,"10/10.I have always been fascinated by ocean environments.  Their beauty, and the many mysteries behind it all.  I first saw gameplay of this game on PBGgameplay on YouTube and since I wanted to play it.  Weeks later I finally acquired the game and played all night long.  The atmosphere, the crafting system, the environment all feel wonderful.  I love to explore the deep blue, seeing wonderful sights and the many biomes that this game has.  On another note, a game has never had me feeling scared like this one.  Whenever I explore I always have that feeling that I am being hunted down and I have no idea what to expect.  All in all, I highly recommend this game, it is beautiful, fun, eerie, and highly emerses you into it."
,Recommended,264710,22130657,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ThePowerOfEvil,"There aren't too many games in this world that have no point but are still endlessly fascinating. Subnautica takes the cake on this one.This game is all about making cool vehicles and bases, to further allow yourself to dive into caves of absolute beauty. You collect, analyze, make, explore, and even fight big scary things that eat your face. I have never been so into one of these mindless farming games. This one doesnt get old, until you have literally everything. But that's not even a bad thing.The other thing that makes this one the best games in a long time, is the early access. The developers have a log, a to-do list, that's public. Oh yes. You can see what they are doing.http://subnautica.unknownworlds.com/#/subnautica/production-trackerWho does this? Literally no one. This is the first time I have ever seen something like this. I feel involved in the process.So pick this game up now, dive into the depths of a very pretty, well thought out, almost real sim game that you will lock yourself in your room for weeks playing."
,Recommended,264710,17767620,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Lstor,"This game isamazing.I had my eyes on Subnautica for a while before I finally purchased it. While my expectations were high, I was awestruck by how amazing it is thus far.Subnautica takes you on a journey through the waters of an alien, oceanic world. You start out in your lifepod in a safe, shallow area. You do a few free dives in order to satisfy your immediate needs: food and water, before slowly pushing further out and exploring deeper in order to acquire more materials and items needed to build vehicles and bases. While you have to eat and drink (in survival mode), survival is not really the point of the game. Instead, the survival aspect is there as a guiding force that gives you incentive to keep exploring through the breathtaking (literally -- watch your O2!) world you're stranded on.From a technical aspect, most of the content that is already there is well executed and actually quite polished. Several of the difficult things are already implemented. The fauna behavior is varied and life-like. Most of the game mechanics work really well, and the few bugs that I've encountered are minor nuisances rather than anything even remotely game-breaking. The devs have included a very easy way to provide feedback, and seem to reallycareabout the product they're making. Although it's early access, this is a high-quality (pre-)release and I'm confident the devs have what it takes to make it into a brilliant finished game.On the downside: Thisisearly access, and obviously there are a few rough edges. While still massive, the content could still be expanded more. A few of the textures are WIP, primarily 3D representation of some items and materials. However, the amount of content, the stability, the balancing and polishing is still better than in several released games.11/10 would be stranded on a remote, alien water-world again. And again."
76561197968619566,Recommended,264710,30417482,Posted: 9 March,all,WizardBlack,Don't let the colorful previews fool you. This game has some serious exploration and eerie/creepy/scary environments. If you like exploration games and working hard for your success DON'T watch any LP's or look up the wiki. This is a very well crafted game in the making. There is plenty to do for the price. You will be busy for quite a while and will have a pretty good mental/exploration challenge to keep moving forward with uncovering the story.
76561198015132325,Recommended,264710,16087281,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,[G] Mark Abrams,"I've seen and played a lot of really bad Early Access Games ....This here is not one of them.The performance is good, very few bugs.The world is big enough to spend quite some time exploring it.The graphics are quite good given that this is an early access title, nothing topnotch but you not gonna get eye cancer in any way.The crafting system takes a few moments to get used to.The only negative part i found so far is the bloody QUARTZ, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥that stuff is supposed to be primary resourceand you run out of it faster then a sylvester rocket of its fuel. But that can get change in future patches.Edit: I'm not sure if smoething was changed, but i find a lot more quartz.In the end it still good little game with a lot potential in a unique setting."
76561198159098684,Recommended,264710,20985924,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Michelangelo,This game is very nice.
,Recommended,264710,23463470,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,DaringVulpix™,"Subnautica is one of those rare early access games. A hidden gem, in a sea of terrible survival games that would probably do okay at a game jam, but terribly in the real world. One where the developers actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about player feedback, and have fully committed to giving us a polished final release.Even though it's not finished, Subnautica is probably my favorite PC game out there right now. I have never felt so much legitimate excitement from discovering new things in a video game. Hell, I've even gotten more enjoyment out of it than many finished games in the survival genre. I think that what helps set it apart from those other games is that Unknown Worlds managed to get the whole ""immersion"" thing right, which you'd think is important to the survival genre. Why would I care if my character survives X amount of days if I'm not immersed in the game itself? However, that seems to have been forgotten in the newbie developer scene's rush to make disposable survival games to make a quick buck or 50. Thank you Unknown Worlds for not forgetting such an essential part of the genre.Much like the real-world ocean, it's an entirely different world out there in Subnautica's waters. There's a huge diversity of wildlife, divided into three categories: passive, defensive and aggressive. Passive species just simply ignore you. Defensive species ignore you unless you get too close. Aggressive species will actively hunt you down with the goal of killing you, or maybe they'll attack and eat other species in the surrounding area. Speaking of which, there are almost no offensive weapons in the game, aside from the knife you get early on. This focus on survival and crafting rather than combat is a refreshing thing in a genre that seems to be more focused on combat than it is... well, survival. It requires you to actually think how to get out of a dangerous situation than just simply running in guns ablazin'. I like that. There's also a wide variety of biomes, each with their own range of native fauna and flora.Also, the game can be pretty damn creepy. Take for example, the reaper leviathan. It's big, it's deadly and it will kill you if you aren't crafty enough with your defenses. But don't worry! It doesn't spawn everywhere, and you can hear its loud, echoing roar miles away, letting you know you're getting close to its territory. Then there's the crabsquid, one of the recent additions. It's what it says on the tin, a crab-squid hybrid, and it makes these loud clicking noises for echolocation. It's also deadly, albeit less so than the reaper leviathan. Just imagine being in a dark, seemingly-empty cave and then suddenly hearing clicking sounds. Yeah.The game also gets very dark at night. If it weren't for the - by the way, beautiful - bioluminescence of the sealife, I wouldn't be able to make out a lot of the seascape. It helps make the game even prettier, too. Speaking of which, the game isn't ugly, compared to most other games in the survival genre. You know things are bad for said genre when this is a surprising thing to you, a game that is actually very pretty. There's plenty of diversity in the game's sights, too. The safe shallows are bright and colorful, with the dunes also being colorful (albeit much less bright), while the sparse reef is very green-ish and the mountains are very gray. And that's just scratching the surface.Overall, would I recommend Subnautica? Yes, I definitely would. It's one of those rare, hidden gems of early access, and I can see myself continuing to play it even beyond it leaving early access. Good work, Unknown Worlds, and keep it up."
,Recommended,264710,14901260,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,DarkMellie,"Stunningly beautiful underwater survival game. Incredibly polished with an ever-growing list of features. Plumb the depths of a friendly ocean during the day, in order to craft the tools you need to survive the deadly nights.Worth your time and coin."
,Recommended,264710,14789686,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,DillyDew,"I saw Frankie play this game on YouTube, and I'm really glad I did. Since I first saw it I knew it would be awesome. This game is wonderful. Especially if you are fasinated and equally terrified of the ocean as I am. I can't wait to see this game develop more, it had loads of potential."
,Recommended,264710,13484754,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,nexionly,"Really neat game, very excited to see where it goes and can't wait for future releases!"
,Recommended,264710,13426347,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,| roguetrdr,"Initally I was going to write a bad review for this game as I couldn't even get into it. Then i was patient and let it load properly. This game has so much potential. Even though there is only a tiny bit of content right now it's so much fun to play, and even just to explore. The only thing I'd like to see added shortly is a chest or storage area in the pod."
76561197960497932,Recommended,264710,13450021,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Aknok,"For beeing an early access this game is totaly awesome :)There is not much to do exept explore and find new creatures and perhaps build a few things...i found it interesting to try and go as deep as possible, she liked it ;)468m and some strange sound.. i will explore this sound futher and not tell anyone, You should find out on your own ;)"
,Recommended,264710,13429503,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Goulderchauf,It's been a very long time since I got excited about any game and Subnautica has my attention! It's very early days yet I'm still having a lot of fun building the basic vehicles and ramming them into the large predators :DThere's a lot more to come on the horizon and I can't wait to see them up close :]
76561198210294417,Recommended,264710,17513114,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Zackaboy,"Subnautica is a gripping, and enjoyable game. The developers have really pushed the boundaries of possibility to give there fans the most enjoyable gaming experience possible. The developers are very hard-working and listen to the fans, moulding the game based on their feedback which, I believe, is how every game should be made. Though it is still in early access, the game is already showing signs of prosperity, which I find very admirable of the developers. I would seriously recommend this game to anyone and everyone who enjoys a creative and well fleshed out survival game."
,Recommended,264710,17411163,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,IdiotSalad,I dont need to say anything but... ITS THA BEST EARLY ACCESS GAME OUT THERE
76561198050661953,Recommended,264710,17516245,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Keklord,"I initially did a bit of a gushing review, so I decided to write a more balanced one!!PROS:Very immersive and beautiful world to explore.Randomly generated, no world will be the same.Tonnes of content thus far, with more being developed all the time.No zombies. Seriously, not one.Leviathans.Extremely customisable bases and submarines; which you can even walk around in!CONS: (Bear in mind that this game is still very much in development, so ""cons"" probably isn't the correct term to use! XD)No ""story"" as such. Not a massive deal but can leave you wondering what to do.Framerate failures. Counter this by having small bases and not too much crafted stuff.Bugs for days. As expected, these will be sorted come v1.0.Leviathans. You'll see what I mean! ;)Can't put it simpler, this game rocks. Very, very hopeful for it for the future with shed loads more content and features planned by the devs.9/10."
76561198017896540,Recommended,264710,16537442,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Frenchie,"This is an open world surivival game. It is comparable to games like minecraft, but is very different.Your space ship crashes onto a water planet, and it seems, thus far that you are the only survivor. Luckily you managed to get onto an escape pod, and must now survive until, presumably, help arrives. This is an early access game, keep in mind, and is not finished yet.THE GAMEThe first thing you will see when you start a game in Subnautica, is your (very large) spaceship sinking in the distance. You start the game on your escape pod, which conviently has basic supplies for survival, but will not support you for very long.So you have to dive in the water, and basically, survive!There are three basic things that you need to take care of in order to live. Oxygen, food, and water. Keeping these things up is relatively easy once you get the hang of it.You will notice as you start to craft things to aid you in your survival, that there are many advanced doodads that won't really help you 'survive' more, but will actually make the game very fun.Crafting is an important part of the game, and I like it a lot more than minecraft. Altough at this time minecraft is a better game, because of things like multiplayer, as an early access game, it is very good. I'm a huge ocean geek, and the immersion in this game is top notch. You can see your mask on the edge of your screen, when you look down you can see your legs with your fins on and your arms helping you swim. The graphics are beautiful, and when you find a mushroom forest for the first time, you will be in awe.But there is also that feeling of uncertainty that you get when you are in your tiny submarine, going through open water, and when you look around, there is only that deep blue.. And it makes you wonder.. What is down there? Am I about to run into something?Speaking of subarines, you can construct a little one that when you eventually build the bigger one that can actually be a mobile base if you wish, you can actually dock the smaller one onto it, and is done very well. And both need power cells in order to function which deplete eventually! So if you want to leave your base behind and go on an expedition, you will need to plan ahead!That is what I love about the game, I actually wanted to explore what was around the corner, or that really deep cave that is rich with rare minerals, or go to that island that is very far in the distance..There is no real end game. You can't beat it, but what keeps me going back is the immersion that you experience when you dive in the water, and I wish that I could play it with an Oculus!THE BADAs this game is early access there are a few things that can withdraw you from the experience. You will definitely run into a couple of bugs, but even if your hard work somehow becomes inacessible, you can actually spawn any object in the game so, it is very rare to lose anything.As far as gameplay goes, I do wish that there were a little bit more enemy types, but they are working on it. They release new things very often, and I can't wait to see the finnished product."
,Recommended,264710,16107254,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Chantaz,"This game is just breathtaking. Not only For an alpha game there tons of stuff to do, it looks great, the sound is very good, but the IMMERSION in Subnautica is just astonishing. If more cool content/machine/subs is gonna be added this is gonna be even more golden and it already is worth every penny."
76561198101229405,Recommended,264710,21916690,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,✔virgin,"If this game was a taco, it would a very good taco."
,Recommended,264710,21829335,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,cRAGGLE_Oz,"Games like this is why I am a gamer.Try to survive on an alien ocean world. Explore. Discover. Establish. The immersion (despite early access bugs) is brilliant, the ambience is incredible and the future looks exciting for this game. Particularly looking forward to the storyline.If you're a lone exploration, survivalist type you especially will love it. Do yourself a favour."
76561197992223767,Recommended,264710,25468240,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,greenmancurt,"I don't often write reviews. This game deserves it.WOW!!Thank you for this game. Still in early access and it's one of the most entertaining games I've ever played. I've been playing since ""games"" went digital. lol. Can only hope/imagine it will get even better.Beautifuly done. Again. Thank you Devs. You really came through on this one. :D"
,Not Recommended,264710,28538674,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ijirving,"Basing the game on its current state, I cannot recommend it. Even with a GTX 1070 there are major FPS crashes, skipping and outright crashes. The game will run smooth as silk for the first few hours, but as you explore more performance will slowly start deteriorating until it literally just starts crashing.There is a fix by deleting the save file cache, but this is basically ""cheating"" as it resets all loot. I shouldn't have to resort to something like this to make the game playable (and even this is just temporary until you rediscover/change the environment).There's an amazing game in here that won't let us play it. If they can fix the optimization, I will edit this review. As of now, the game is borderline unplayable. Do not buy."
76561198242164684,Recommended,264710,25012996,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Markjat,"Initially it may be a little confusing what your goal is when you first start, but eventually you figure out that there isn't really a goal. You can explore various underwater biomes and scan the fish and creatures you will encounter, scan for new tools and builds to make, and eventually build your own base that can house you and the fish you will encounter in aquariums and containments.You will enjoy the stunning beauty of this game.(Watch out for eclipses, they usually come without warning!)"
,Recommended,264710,23282205,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Michigan J Frog,"Honestly,I've only sunk 16 hours into this game, but I really have to crown it to be one of the best Survival games out there. Here are 10 good points I have to say about the game:1) No zombies.2) (very) active developers, with a development timeline on Trello, you can track their ideas and development progress.3) Actual challenging gameplay (at the start), which gets a little easier as you start building a base.4) Massive scary fauna, some of which will actually get your heart racing when you hear them coming for you.5) Interesting Biomes, some with fauna that looks really cute to look at, some with fauna that will mess you up if you so much as sneeze in their general direction.6) Unique base building, incuding different modules, defences, storage modules etc.7) Some semblence of story line (which is being expanded per update), take the crash sequence update for example.8) A pretty diverse range of fauna, from small cutesy fish to massive reaper-leviathans that will totally put a crimp on your day.9) Fish tanks (who doesn't want their own virtual fish).10) You can totally stab an alien shark to death, it's basically like being in the back alleys of Manchester.A few bad (or critical points off of the top of my head):1) No multiplayer / Coop, while this isn't a bad point, it may frustrate some players, not being able to shank alien sharks down with their chums.2) No way to kill a Reaper Leviathan, so once one has you in its sights, you better pray to sweet lord gaben that he misses you and you can get to that giant sea-shell you're so desperately clammering for.3) It feels very slow paced, again this is quite cathartic for some, it may not be for everyone.4) No real objective, the game feels lacking without a major end-game goal, apart from building a base.5) Saves are not compatable between updates.6) No mud crabs, I want the ability to have a mudcrab pet and call him ""citizen snips"", please add this asap.All in all, I give it a 9/10, disregarding all of my semi-negative points (I'm english, I have to moan about something) I find  it to be a good game to come back to every time that they update it. You have my seal of approval."
76561198003093463,Recommended,264710,17457182,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Shylock,"If you have always dreamt of exploring the ocean or having your own underwater base, buy this."
76561198018183996,Recommended,264710,20179580,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mr MaxOut,"This game oh man i love it , not like those order survival game its diffrent and i cannot wait to see the final version of it , do not waist time to get it , i recommend it a 100% . And please people this game is and early access meaning it will have bugs because its still in process of the making , so it will have bugs ,do no complain read the title first and help them finish it ."
76561198316724483,Recommended,264710,24244497,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,krodz6,"This game is great ioceianic survival game Ive spent 10.6hrs playing it and still feel like i just started. The graphics are amazing and the ocean looks beutifull. The survival aspect is great, and if u pick this game up from the steam store i recomend you play freedom mode, to me its better then survival because you dont have to be eating a drinking water evey 15 min. But i do have to say one thing, for some odd reson the game was working perfectly fine for the 10hrs i played and now its starting to aact up. i dont know if this is because of the new update (Power Nap) but its sertenly getting me on edge. Every time i log in and my game loads it freezs. please fix it devs. Other than that i have nothing on this game. remember its an early acces game so their will be some bugs. Thank you for your time reading this review! have a wonderfull time exploring the ocean of subnautica."
76561197990855491,Recommended,264710,24918990,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Kurraak,"I figure after the bit of play time I've put in that I could write a user review of this game.I honestly feel that this game is phenomenal, especially at a price of just over 20 bucks.  The beautiful underwater world really feels alive and encourages you to explore to find more blueprint fragments and resources.  When I first played I wasnt really sure what to do so I eventually made my way towards the shipwreck, and on my way back after filling my inventory with junk for salvage... I came across a reaper leviathan.... I heard it first.  I did manage to sneak away before it seen me but wow, I didnt know what it was at first so I had to google it.  The sense of danger was definitely there when I was exploring and now that I know some of the things that are out there, wow consider that feeling reinforced!The game has a slew of really cool other stuff to do as well such as crafting underwater bases, special suits, etc.  I'm really looking forward to this game's future to see what other great stuff they add.I cannot recommend this game enough!This game was a definite pick-me-up after the disappointment that was No Man's Sky and for a fraction of the price."
76561198023943905,Recommended,264710,15687767,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Fat Frog,"It's been a long time since I've enjoyed an early access game this much. The graphics are really impressive so far. The only issue is the draw distance seems to be very inconsistent, but that can be easily overlooked. I don't know about other people but I got drawn in pretty hard. Lights turned off and headphones on, I found myself turning my head to the dark room around me whenever something made a noise. You find yourself so lonely at times you end up talking to the marine life. Or maybe that's just me again. I will admit this fact, I initially got this game from a place less than above board. After playing it for a while I quickly decided that it was worth the investment."
76561198000206906,Recommended,264710,13438565,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,L O F T Y,"You are alone in the ocean. The hardest thing to find is... Water?Salt is no fun.I've waited for this game for so long and it hasn't disappointed me in this early incarnation. Even the lack of save functionality gives it a roguelike appeal. Of course, there isn't much content yet, but another thing there isn't much of either is gamebreaking bugs.It's likely as cheap as it'll be for months or maybe years, so why not pick it up now? You can trust Unknown Worlds to deliver."
76561198118697312,Recommended,264710,14273862,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,My dudes,I like it.
76561198018952606,Recommended,264710,14283285,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Obi,"UPDATE: Well it's been a few of months and the developers have been releasing large content patches regularly and smaller hotfix patches in the interims between them to fix bugs that arise from the content updates.  All in all, the experience with this Dev and this game has been 100% positive.  I still recommend buying it, this is definitely one of those ""labors of love"" for this developer.  We have left the ""just a tech demo"" stage of this one and are now seeing a game take form.***Original Review***Ok, gonna keep this short and sweet.  As of the writing of this review, there isn't much game.  It is more a tech demo than anything at this point.  With that said, it is one damn impressive starting point for an early access game.  I feel a bit better after dropping the $19.99 required to jump into this.  The developers clearly love their game and this seems to be one of the EA titles to keep a close eye on.  With all that being said, if you are looking for a game to play and get into, look elsewhere.  This title is not ready for prime-time, but if you are interested and want to see it succeed, by all means PLEASE purchase this title immediately.  The more funds these engaged developers get, the more content we will see.TL;DRIs the game worth playing?  Not at the moment.  Is it worth buying?  Yes, if you want it to succeed and want it to live up to all of its potential."
,Recommended,264710,16491751,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Difficulty Tweak,Avoid anything with teeth.Words to ♥♥♥♥ing live by.
,Recommended,264710,15433837,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Shikamaru,Great Game|Wish ther was a multiplayer(with customisations|Must get game?OFCOURSE!
76561198021917510,Recommended,264710,15026413,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Ktulu,"This game is amazing.Very atmospheric, for the first time since many years I rediscover this feeling again.The dev team are very present with their custommer their are working hard and listening to our idea.Can't wait to try this with the occulus."
,Recommended,264710,23226205,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Lil ' Bitch killa,Good game 10/10 would swim again
,Recommended,264710,13538248,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,The Risen,Tip:Don't play Depth and then play this directly afterwards.10/10 nearly pooped.Can't wait to see what this turns into. Props to the Devs.
,Recommended,264710,19969469,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Gandalf the Grey,played this game on another account.<started game<made air tanks<used 125 hours trying to dig away all the sand in the entire map125/10 would dig sand again
,Recommended,264710,21150728,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SteveD219,"One of the better Early Access survival games available on Steam at the moment. Still lacking somewhat in terms of content, although the graphics, world and atmosphere are all very well done. Can be both beautiful and terrifying"
,Recommended,264710,20337597,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Hevvy180 {G4C/CD} #TeamPyro,"Unique.  There aren't a lot of games that focus on underwater gameplay -- and even fewer take it to space.  On top of this, despite its early access status, the game runs relatively well and provides fun and interesting gameplay right off the bat.  This game has powerful potential, and is fairly deep and very entertaining in the meantime.  More animal variety and density -- especially of harmless or helpful animals like reefbacks and floaters -- would be a good direction to move in."
,Recommended,264710,20373607,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Spejs_Invader,"This game is an examle of the situation, when a great idea is combined with stunning graphics and pretty good game mechanics. I can't think of more atmospheric game. The sounds are awesome too.It doesn't matter if the game has a few bugs, it's still awesome.10/10"
,Recommended,264710,17604341,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Saii,"A wonderful game, beautiful graphics and really great building system.The only thing lacking in my opinion is some sort of direction, end-game if you like.Or missions/quests for longetivity.I've got no idea what they have in store in the future, but right now when you've build a base and tried out all gadgets, there's not much else to do.That's the problem in general with all these open end ""survival"" sandbox games, at some point you've mastered the survival and then loose interest. Perhaps with some procedural twists and turns, surprises if you will, they can ensure you keep interest to live another day.In any case a very good game as it is, on which i've not encountered any noticable bug whatsoever.Very recommended."
,Recommended,264710,21015262,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Voidberg,"Admittedly, the game is still in development phases. But it has so much to offer. It has beautiful graphics, different levels of gameplay for those who just want to build and those who want a hardcore survival experience, and a few in between. The different biomes are so fun to explore and I love learning where to find which elements. Also, the building mechanic with the bases... definitely a plus.I think my biggest and only downside to this game, which might change as the game develops, is the lack of any kind of in game tutorial or help. I find myself alt-tabbing or leaving the game multiple times simply to figure out how to do something. Don't get me wrong, it's relatively easy once you've watched a let's play or two. But a little more in game info would make this game completely solid.This might sound like a negative review, but this is a small price to pay for something so fun. I've basically been linking the game to every one of my friends begging them to get it."
76561198159119062,Recommended,264710,28775325,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SG92,"Very Awesome game. Love the graphics, the music, and gameplay. Defanitly reccomend this"
76561197970389712,Recommended,264710,24002202,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Wolf,"I've been somewhat keeping an eye on this  game for a bit. I try to stay away from early access games after being a bit underwhelmed by a few of them. And then the Summer Sale hit and I thought ""Eh, I'll give it a go."" I have been super impressed by this game so far. It's way more polished than is typical for early access. If they did nothing else to the game, I feel like I've gotten my money's worth. Don't worry, from all I've heard, the devs are awesome and add big content updates fairly regularly.As you no doubt know, Subnautica is an underwater survival game, with resource gathering and crafting. It has base building and vehicles (awesome, btw). It is a beautiful looking game, although at higher setting, I had some performance issues on my mid-level system.While it is a survival game, I think it's less about survival and more about exploring. If you are paying attention and don't make any dumb mistakes, survival is not an issue. If you love exporation in a game, then do yourself a favor and get this game now. This game does a great job of dangling that carrot out there on the stick and rewards you for your wanderlust. Also, there are mechanics in place for a story-driven experience. Although there is not really anything to it at this point, I could easily see them adding story without sacrificing the open-world gameplay.Pros:-Very pretty game-More polished than is has a right to be-Scratches that wanderlust itch-base building is generally interesting and doesn't get in the way of the fun of the game-did I mention it's really pretty?-Active devs-SUBS!!Cons:-Can chug a bit at high setting without a beefy rig-may be a little light on current content long-term for those that tend to get sucked into a game like this-no multi-playerHonestly, except for maybe no multiplayer (which the devs have not rules out in the future), the few cons I can come with are minor issues for this great game. Unless this just isn't your kind of game, you should not hesitate on this game"
,Recommended,264710,22164757,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Quail,Thought it was a good idea to build a base near a resource rich area. Turns out it's a serpent monster hellscape. Submarine got crushed by some horrifying creature with tentacles on its face. Got eaten by a roly poly with fins. These colorful sea dragons rub on you like a loving kitty then rip out your intestines. I have an aquarium with a fish called Reginald in it. Fun game. Do buy.
,Recommended,264710,15330534,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,𝘌𝘬𝘴𝘊𝘦𝘭𝘭𝘦,Both the scariest and most beautiful game I've ever played.9.6/10
,Recommended,264710,22012215,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,-Пβ- Ethorbit,"It's a really addictive and fun game which is a survival game in the water!You can:Build,Fight,Eat,Drink,Create,Destroy,Swim...And,die...Yes, don't die in this game, it can be a challenge.Creatures become more dangerous the further you go..Here are the biomes:http://subnautica.wikia.com/wiki/Biomes,Also, if you're going to get this fantastic game, you'll want to view the Subnautica Wikipedia from time to time, or..just watch third-party tutorials, whatever works really.I'm not very informative, since I haven't evenBEATthe game, but it's been a fun journey so far.If this was helpful at all though, please rate this review,if it wasn't, leave some feedback on what I can edit out/in on this review, thanks!"
,Recommended,264710,32956026,Posted: 28 June,all,Gert uit Friesland,"Amazing game.it isn't like your typical survival game like minecraft etc.. it gives you lore and objectives but still keeping the freedom and the mystery.It's a masterpiece and maybe the ONLY early access survival game that is fun and interesting and keeps you coming back for more.It also gets updates quite frequently so trust me when i say this.buy. the. game.(if you don't like water or big seas and if you are afraid of them beware, i have the same issue and i nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥myself multiple times)"
,Recommended,264710,22014669,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Count Chungula,"Even at its current state, subnautica is well worth the $20 price tag.Subnautica is an adventure/survival game with a map that is primarily ocean. And to be honest, it is probably the very best ocean survival game that you can currently buy, even though it is still in early access. Mind you, this is a game that is based on an alien planet, and it still manages to do ocean survival better than most games that have the player survive in the very real oceans of Earth. The water of subnautica is particularly beautiful, and accurate to what Oceans are really like, assuming these alien oceans are similar to the ones we have. The largest issue I could note at the moment is a simple lack of content, which is exceedingly common in early access titles.Subnautica is set in a highly advanced universe, where space travel is possible, and probably commonplace. Because of this, the style of architecture and technology in Subnautica is quite advanced in appearance, actually becoming reminiscent of the style in games such as portal. This sets up the common dynamic of a civilized player exploring an untamed world. Hungry and presumably afraid, this space age individual must survive on a diet of alien fauna and flora. Swimming or gliding in submersibles, the player must continue to explore for what is at the time of writing this, just better chances of survival. the map of subnautica is extremely large, with a focus on exploration. Exploring comes with its own set of difficulties, though. You are not the apex predator of this world, and you will eventually have to outsmart rather than fight these aliens head-on. Most crafting and exploration is not for this, and is instead to further your own ability to explore, and combat these creautures while exploring.The graphics boasted by Subnautica are particularly stunning for a game in early access. The oceans of subnautica are eerily realistic, providing some horrifically nice water and lighting effects. The lighting and sound design in particular push subnautica towards horror game status, especially for those with thalassaphobia. Picture this - you're swimming through open ocean, the bottom unseen to you. You can very clearly hear the agonizing screams of a very real threat, that you cannot spot in the hazy blue of the ocean around you. Paranoia and fear set in, and you so badly want to return to your base. This psychological toll on the player is surprisingly accurate to the feeling that you can get while diving in real life. What seperates this from real life the most, would be the constant stuttering and framerate drops that are still commonplace for even the highest end machines. I still find these to be worth the amazing sights. Hopefully these will be optimized out at some point.And of course, the negative part of this review. The eventual lack of content in any playthrough of this game. I will not spoil the content that the game does currently have, as that would defeat the purpose of exploring on your own, but I will note that most people will become bored within 10 hours of gameplay. Most of these different biomes are criminally empty, sporting basic ecosystems with very few different creatures or reason to explore them besides ""fragments"", which after scanning, usually leave you no reason to return to that biome. Some biomes are home to specific materials which after getting, are rarely necessary to get once again. Features such as farming and aquarium building are fun, but once done extensively, will rarely be reason enough to continue playing.7/10 at the moment. Definitely worth the buy, but it is in desperate need of story and overall content. Consider waiting until the full release."
76561198150721967,Recommended,264710,22048118,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,neo_dynamo,"I bought this game because I was interested in getting a college degree in marine biology..10/10-""Would change college majors again."""
,Recommended,264710,22997560,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Viggelant,This game is awesome and i hope more updates will come in the future because this is a really good game. Underwater adventure.
76561198112241608,Recommended,264710,17454124,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,ethanczar,"Very simply, the best game ive played in a while!"
,Recommended,264710,16977554,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Δ Ł Ξ X,Ocean Man
,Recommended,264710,23912589,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kaffebaronen,"Love this game, it was finally on sale so I was able to pick it up. Hoping for more content, maybe some better ways to kill the annoying stalkers?"
,Recommended,264710,23766540,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Threnody,"The game may say ""Early Access"", but this is damn near a full game. The only thing left to improve on (that I can see) are a few world expansions (more tools, etc) and bug fixes.This game completely immersed me from my first time in - it took a few tries to start correctly, but once I got it working it hasn't caused me any other problems.It's a lot like Minecraft in some ways - you start out with almost nothing, and find raw materials and plants to craft tools and equipment using your fabricator (like a crafting table). You then use those tools to find better materials, and so on. Eventually (maybe an hour if you're taking your time, half an hour if you really rush it) you will gain access to a tool that allows you to build modular homes. They're a bit limited in pieces, but still very fun.Overall I'd highly reccomend it - tons and tons of fun."
76561198058324833,Recommended,264710,33089209,Posted: 1 July,all,Deus caritas est,Finally an early acces game that doesn`t disappoint10/10
76561198121994986,Recommended,264710,13453634,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,*Ableton Live,"pretty much a must play imoSubNautica has very cool spin on the survival crafting genre that so many other developers are missing.you will be hungry, you will be thristy, you will 3D print...now please PASS THE SALT!!!!!"
76561198032411087,Recommended,264710,25016945,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Happy_Jack,"Favorite game for the year, by far.Pretty, very very pretty!I have enjoyed my exploration of Subnautica and look forward to its development. It is still in the find stuff, craft stuff mode. Some elements only craft one thing. I have a AMF 6300, Nvidia GT740 and had no lag issues, very snappy display rate with a high fps. Rare crashes did occur; rate about one every 10 hours of game play, so remember to save.Building a base is cohesive. (use the glass walls) The fish and critters are great. Use of bioluminencence is stunning."
,Recommended,264710,20158812,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,OrionTheGreat,"This is an extremely impressive title for an early access game. The graphics are amazing, gameplay is simple and easy to get used to, and the world feels as if it really is vibrant with alien life. More importantly, the devs are community-friendly and are constantly bringing more content to the table. This is an instant win.If you love survival sandboxes: get this gameIf you love feeling like you're on the edge of your seat when exploring: get this gameIf you love advanced crafting: get this gameIf you love customizing your base and world: get this gameIf you love the deep and mysterious ocean:GET THIS DAMN GAME!10/10"
,Recommended,264710,20159596,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,cruinh,"Loving this game so far.  It's beautiful (especially in ""Experimental Mode"").   The world is enormous.  And every little thing you accomplish opens up more of the world to you.  If you're brave enough to venture out.  I've seen most of the world now I think (at least above the sea floor), but there's still a couple areas I'm too chicken to go into.  You can just HEAR something's out there and isn't happy about you poking around...The game is clearly unfinished (see that ""Early Access"" label?), but there's already a pretty full game here.  And even with the gaps, it's already great at triggering my sense of curiosity, and a need to scavenge just a couple more things so I can build that next upgrade, or base component or ship, or explore that new cave I just found.It's also neat to be able to watch how development is progressing and what the devs are currently working on.  They have a publicly viewable Trello account with several boards detailing their dev, design, and release history.  Updates seem to come monthly from what I can tell.  And even more frequently if you opt in to that ""Experimental Mode"" I mentioned earlier (basically gives you access to their internal testing builds).On the other hand, since the game IS still unfinished, so there ARE rough edges.  For example the the way assets load into the world can cause very frequent framerate stuttering.  Personally, I'm not having trouble seeing past that stuff, but I'm sure it will bother other people.  Hopefully all that will be ironed out eventually.  The devs very clearly have a lot of work they still plan to do."
,Recommended,264710,20635205,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,JeffVaderE,"The ocean is a scary place. You are the last survivor of a spaceship crash and have escaped with the bare essentials. You plunge into the seemingly endless ocean in hopes of finding food and drinkable water to stay alive. The ocean is beautiful and full of resources. It's also full of things that want to kill you. By far, the best part of Subnautica is not knowing what's around the corner, seeing the resources you need and finding out how to get those resources. You'll go from surviving to thriving but never think you're invincible because, like our own ocean, this alien world has some messed up creatures who will mess you up. Subnautica is fun. When trying to explain the appeal to people I say 'It's like Minecraft but underwater' which does the game a disservice. Subnautica has some truly great things that are unique to it. The environment, particularly at night, is beautiful on any settings or rig. The game is about $30 AUD and well worth it."
,Recommended,264710,21860262,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Leahchim,"I've owned this game for a long while and I have loved watching this update and be worked up ever since. Still to this day it's getting updates, great example of a good early access game!"
76561197964097526,Recommended,264710,14504475,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,=]K[= NoArmsNoCookies,"Although Subnautica is in alpha stage it already offers a great atmosphere and motivating goals like the Cyclopse - a massive sub that can be customized with lockers, builders and other components. Being a natural selection veteran, i was sceptical about this rapid change in game style. But i was totally wrong. Subnautica is great and highly immersive. I loved it from the first moments under water. I absolutly trust Unknownworlds to make another great game. They have lots of experience with transparent development are known for delivering on their promises."
76561198017752069,Recommended,264710,16086751,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,DangerMorph,"Subnautica is a underwater survival game. Its start where the Space Ship The Aurora crash landing in the ocean of a Unkown planet. You have to Survive, find matarials and food. Build a base or submarine to get around.The game is in Alpha State ATM. But still getting updated. The updates the release is really good, and comes with awesome new thing to make or even explore.Game: 8.5 / 10graphics: 9 / 10Best of the game is: active Developer(No Multiplayer is underway and TPA)"
,Recommended,264710,24014458,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Señor Cfg ツ,one of the best games i've played! Awesome game!This game should win. Best Adventure game ever! :D A bit laggy sometimes and crash tho last time i played. But 1 update and it should be fixed.
76561198052355405,Recommended,264710,14301210,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,kosmos2040,"Just started to get into the survival/crafting genre, I really liked 'The Long Dark' so thought I would give this one a try. What caught my eye was the underwater/alien theme and how well the graphics looked. It's an early access game and I've had a few bugs that caused me to restart my game, but all in all its a well made game.Like:GraphicsCreature DesignSoundDislike:No tutorial on how some of the game mechanics work: (To be clear I understand that this is early access, and they might put something like this in the final product. Will edit review on final product release.)Look foward to more updates on the game."
76561198095722118,Recommended,264710,14289646,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,DERPY SMOOG,one of the most interesting and engaging games i have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. 10/10everyday now i come home from work and load up my freedom mode save and just pick a direction to explore. the peaceful tranquility in this game is such a great way to just relax. i can't wait to see where this goes and how it developes.
,Recommended,264710,14492985,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,BEEEEEES,"Prepare to have your mind ♥♥♥♥ing blown. This is what I imagined future games might someday look / feel like. Building vehicles and watching them splash down, or docking the smaller submersible into the larger one... this ALPHA has some of the most amazing stuff I've ever seen in a game. You should absolutely support this game it is hands-down amazing."
76561198057008284,Recommended,264710,22384540,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Terminatrix,"I have never bothered to leave a review for a game before, but for this I feel it's worth it.I can't even begin to describe the level of beauty and ""realism"" this game has. Now, I say realism because this game does take place on an alien planet, so the flora and fauna aren't technically real animals and plants, but this game will have you believing that they are. The animators are INCREDIBLE! The entire development team really is.They are still in the process of developing the game, and they make a point of communicating with us (the players), in so many ways. They have a chat room on Discord where you can IM with devs on a virtually daily basis, they have multiple boards on Trello where you can leave cards for them to see, and there's an in-game bug report system as well. They're very responsive to community comments and suggestions. You really feel like you're part of the creation of this incredible game. They update it in small ways on a daily basis (I download at least two small patches a day).At the moment, the game is sort of an open world where you go around and scavenge for resources, use them to craft futuristic technology, and advance up the tech tree to more and more capable vehicles and gear. These upgrades allow you to explore deeper and further from your home base. There are so many different environments in Subnautica, and upgrading your tech allows you to explore them all. There's a multitude of gorgeous bioluminescent plants, titanic creatures, as well as cute little ones that it's fun to swim with. The game will eventually incorporate a story component as well, so it's exciting to see that unfold piece by piece.You start off operating out of a little life pod, but as you gather resources you're able to construct elaborate (beautiful) bases underwater (and you can build as many of them as you want). The views are spectacular out the windows, and there's so many ways to power your base, farm your own food, and basically become self-sufficient. You can even collect your favorite plants and animals from throughout the world and bring them home with you. Fish can live in aquariums within your base, and planters can be placed in which you can grow your favorite plants. This allows for a lot of customization of the aesthetics of your base.It's impossible not to get immersed in this game. On multiple occasions I've found myself diving deep in the ocean and literally screaming at the top of my lungs (and probably♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off my in-laws in the middle of the night) when I unexpectedly run into one of the terrifying leviathins that lurk in the deep. My heart races and my hands shake. It's fantastic.There's even more exciting tech and creatures on the way, and I personally am thrilled to be along for the ride. I'm still shocked this game was only $20. I've seen way worse games selling for $40+.So, in conclusion I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this game. Probably the best $20 I've ever spent. This game offers HOURS of play (I've currently got over 300 logged...I clearly don't have a problem...), and I've found it to have high replay value as well. This team is awesome, and they deserve all the support they can get, so please give this game a try. I promise you won’t be disappointed!Edit: As of late my computer is having a hard time running the game. Not sure if this is due to updates or because my computer is getting old..."
,Recommended,264710,16881736,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Crunch,"This is the best and most imaginative early access game I have EVER played. This game has come so far since I bought it and it will go very far in the future.Well done Devs,You have made a fantastic game!READ BELOW FOR MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL IF YOU WANT TO SEE MY FULL PLAYLIST ON THIS GAME:https://www.youtube.com/user/Mrawesomecrunch"
,Recommended,264710,23954337,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Bort,"There is nothing quite like lying on the roof of your escape pod, watching the sun set/rise over the burning wreck of your starship.Well, part from exploring the incredible underwater scenery while trying to avoid being eaten by one of the many terrors of the deep.I find Subnautica to be an excellent game, providing both 'Wow, pretty', and 'brown trouser' moments in equal measure. Yet, there always seems to be something new to see. Granted, this review is while the game is in early access, so that may be because the devs are constantly adding new features, zones, tech, fish, and so on, to the game, but even now, while they are still developing new stuff for the game, there is already so much to see and do."
76561198036542248,Recommended,264710,14764308,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Troy95,This game has tons of potential. The developers of this game are more open than any other game that I know of. If you're not afraid of a few glitches I highly recommend you join the early access. :)
76561198088635624,Recommended,264710,24013419,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Faildragon,"by far my favorite game, the developers actually cares about our feedback.new things are being added every month - 2 months.if you have not bought this game already then all i have to say is 'go buy the game you stupid.'getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by reaper leviathans is such fun, much wow10/10"
,Recommended,264710,24001218,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Andem,"I really enjoyed this game, especially considering it's an early access survival.For what it is, Subnautica has an amazing atmosphere. I love the underwater alien feel to it. The sound design is amazing, and the graphics/artstyle look really good when it's not glitching out.That is one of the main cons though. The atmosphere is really really amazing, but quite often it can be ruined by the terrible optimization. Apparently this is something that's going to be fixed very soon, but I'm reviewing the game as it is now. Every time you're moving and going into a new area, the game stutters and you drop down to about 1-5 fps for like a second or two. It's really annoying and really bad. It doesn't matter if you have the best computer ever made by mankind, it still does this.going along with that, the game is fairly glitchy. There are a few number of gamebreaking bugs right now. As it is, I had to find out the hardway that the scanner room just flat out makes creature sounds not work if you use the cameras in it, which is really really lame. Like I said before, the atmosphere in this game is amazing when it's actually working. I just wish there was some easier way to find out or the tooltip just said ""hey this thing ruins your sound and doesn't do much else"" or something so I don't have to figure out exactly what the problem is.One last con, and this one probably not going to be fixed anytime soon. A lot of survival games do this, and I just don't get it. Inventory management is an absolute chore and not fun. I don't know who likes to do that. It's one thing to grind all your materials for a bit (subnautica is pretty generous with materials I find) but I hate having to sort them all and make 5-6 lockers full of junk and then needing to take it out to craft some kind of garbage I need.ALL THAT ASIDE though, this game is great for people that love exploring. I am a scardy baby, and I have to say I was generally scared of the deep dark waters of this game. It's really amazing to be exploring the oceans and come across the big and weird and scary alien creatures.Base building feels a lot more rewarding than most survival games. I don't think it's quite as open for you to make castles and stuff, but bases actually have purpose and it feels good to get a good place up and running efficiently.The vehicles are really good too. The seaglide (I don't know if it counts as a vehicle) could use some work I think though. Eats up batteries waaaaaaay too fast, even though it's early on and gets mostly replaced. The Seamoth is great though and you'll wonder how you ever lived without it. The Cyclops is reaaally cool. They're really good rewards for exploring and the upgrade from just swimming around to driving around feels substantial.Right now there's a lot of placeholders and some flatout unfinished stuff, but I'd say this game was worth the price and I'm really glad to have played it. If for some reason this never got updated again, I'd still say go for it if you really like exploration and can get past the horrible loading stutters and know what the cons of it are.It's probably a good idea to wait for more content, but I got 20 hours of enjoyment out of this (I played some offline.) and I liked it all.So yeah, it's cool and whatever, maybe wait for release, but if you're really interested and can't wait then go for it. Just remember the stutter bug and keep the other cons in mind before buying. Thanks bye"
,Recommended,264710,22276758,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ðurple Nurples,One of the coolest games I've ever played.  It also makes me realize how terrifying the ocean is ;-;
,Recommended,264710,31893015,Posted: 21 May,all,Rage,"Never played a game that kept making me leave in frustration only to come back only an hour later craving more. This game induces some of the biggest fears from dangerous creatures to tight closed in spaces and even just the dark and not knowing what lurks in the darkest corners of the ocean. The survival elements of this game balance perfectly to create some of the most satisfying gameplay ever. Fabricating items, vehicles and equipment always makes you feel a sense of accomplishment from the start to the unfound end of your gaming experience with Subnautica. Never written a review quite like this one for a game before. But this game takes the cake AND eats it on every level. To whoever read all the way to this point, you now have a choice. Either play this game, or miss out on a gaming experience beyond your wildest imagination..."
,Recommended,264710,15839657,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Aquamarine,"7.8/10 Too much water. (Joking.)Ah, Subnautica. Where do I begin?First and foremost, this game is beautiful. The art style of this game are enough to leave your mouth gaping multiple times, from the darkest ocean depths, where luminescent creatures and mushrooms lay in the darkness, to the kelp beds infested with creatures that thirst for your blood. This game is simply a joy when it comes to admiring the views you'll be treated to. I find myself using that screenshot button quite often, because of this game.As for the AI, it can be a little clunky. Sometimes predators are easily avoided simply because their AI is a little clumsy. I've seen fish unrelentingly attempting to swim through solid rocks, and right into the path of predators.Crafting, so far, there are plenty of items to craft. Even going so far as to implement sea bases. Sea bases at the moment feel a little bare, but I hear they plan to expand on them in a future update.I also sometimes come across objects in the game, that no longer have a use. I feel that extra seamoth fragments, should be able to turn into something useful, perhaps some extra titanium and such.I've seen a lot of people compare this game to Minecraft, which I feel is a unfair assessment. This game is not about building blocks, and protecting yourself from monsters at night. This game has a physics engine, so floating trees and landscape will only come in graphical glitches, rather than being intentional.  It seems this game is based more on exploration, than actually building things.Now, you are buying a game that isn't complete. Expect a few bugs, play the game slowly while admiring the views, and try not to rush it and you're in for a good time.I look forward to future updates.Pros:+ Graphics+ Exploration+ Diverse Landscapes+ Excellent crafting system+ Unique take on survival game elements.Cons:- Bad AI.- Glitches.This game is worth your time. If you love survival games, give it a try. You wont regret it."
,Recommended,264710,15648559,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Drunk Russian,"If you're big on atomsphere in games- Look no deeper.The feeling of piloting the Seamoth close to the ocean surface away from the escape pod, incredible. The ocean floor hidden behind the darkness of the depths of the sea, only accompanied by the hum of the seamoth's engine, and the occasional cries of the giant beasts that could be lurking just feet below you, to swimming around your new sea base, catching peepers and airsacks, one eye focused at all times, watching for the toxic manatee-esc beasts, or the horrid Stalkers, where the hunter could become the hunted with the swat of a garryfish's tail.Once you get to a point where you can venture near the Aurura, the screams of the reapers will give you a feeling of almost helplessness, yet more of a push to delve further.The environment ranges from the pleasant high-up sand of the platue typically near your escape pod, to the steep sloping stone down to a barren underwater desert of sand, almost void of life.If it wasn't for the noises youll hear within.The giant mushroom forests, to the caves of the undersea vents, the kelp forests, full of stalkers and parasites, but home to easy food and resources.Dependant on your luck, especially mid to late game, food and clean water collection *can* get in the way occasionally, stopping you from progressing for a short while, but it's never to bad.The game, at the time of posting, is still in early acess, and the devs imply it will likely be so well into 2015, and they are heavily focused on the advice and suggestions of the community. Press F8 at any time to directly post a suggestion to the devs, no worrying about going to some forum site, making an account,and posting on some thread where you'll probably never be heard, instead you can either anonymously or with an attached email adress,give your feedback or bug report directly to the devs, give a quick 1-4 rating to attach to your feedback, and go right back to the game.Overall the game is great now and fromw hat I'm seeing, it will only get better. 20 USD is well worth it for the experience, whether you like hardcore-style survival, a more laid-back no-starvation exploration, or ajust typical survival, you can enjoy yourself greatly while admiring the beautiful, yet terrifying, atmosphere.9.5/10, one half point missing because I'm waiting for next April 1st for the water to become parasites, and peepers to fall from the sky."
,Recommended,264710,18898573,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Kauz,A very fun game for me so far! I love the audio.
,Recommended,264710,14790000,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,"I played so many of these types of game zombies,dinos,miners and space,,etc......this one was like like them all put together.It has all the things I like but underwater.The games looks great and sounds great.The controls are soild.Only thing is tho ....save as often as you can...the game tends to crash out once and awhile . The game  runs smooth, The crafting is easy.Just strap on 3 air tanks and swim around and gather stuff to build your 1st mini sub<I have not seen the bigger one yet> and build equipment.Overall the game is fun and when the multipayer or co op thingy they said will be added after they get a soild single player going the game will be even better.I can say the the price tag was a little high to me at 1st....but after 4 hours of playing I am hooked and can not wait for the whole game .Works great on gamepad or keyboard and mouse<gamepad to me seems better> Its a nice break from the norm of zombies and dinos lol ."
,Recommended,264710,25936011,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,wildjwildj,"A lot of people hate reapers, long and thin with a grabbing animation.There is the Sea Dragon, pretty scary, breaths fire.The crabsquid is just ew.But frankly I hate crabsnakes. I didn't realise I could press ESC and launch my headphones at my screen so quickly.Good game, but ♥♥♥♥ crabsnakes."
,Recommended,264710,13464190,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Baked{Łρ},"game is great, and looks beatiful, but dont buy it until they add a save feature...seriously though"
,Recommended,264710,14043835,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,=VGF=Burner96R,This is a fun game. I just made a flashlight.. thought that would make night diving less scary. wrong. I really like setting up my pipes for getting air underwater. I'm looking forward to updates and stuff but for right now it has more content and things to do than many of my other early access games.
,Recommended,264710,29961116,Posted: 16 February,all,EPICA,"Remember this filebatch 14-18-15.bindelete this file in the subnautica game files and it would reduce your lag.DO NOT DELETE IT AT THE START OF THE GAME! WAIT TILL IT LAGS AND CRASHES, THEN ONLY DELETE THE FILE!ps. I made my seamoth and then it started to lag and crash, so I recommend people to then save the game, and quit it and then delete the file named ""batch 14-16-15.bin""hope it helps :)"
76561198047317618,Recommended,264710,15099275,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Vic,"Few games simulate the crippling fear presented by deep open ocean, this one does, and it isn't even finished yet."
76561198073164102,Recommended,264710,19258604,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Tobykenobi88,"I absolutely love this game. I like a lot of games, but this is the first one I've felt the desire to write a review for. Hardly even know where to start! The videos and images are pretty self explanatory. It is an underwater survival, building, exploring game, all set on an alien planet. I'll get my one negative point out the way first. At this stage of development, there is no real story, or objective (besides not dying.) The problem is that once you finish building everything you want, there isn't much to do. Sure, you can explore around and see cool stuff, but the feeling of accomplishment diminishes. That being said however, the building and scavanging before that point is amazing! I usually delete my saves and start over with every new update released. That part doesn't get old. Even though I've done it all before, it is a blast! Again, I absoulutely love this game and would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,264710,19238538,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,thelastzenith,"Even as an early access title this game does -not- disappoint. If you want a true underwater, sci-fi, survival game that puts emphassis on exploration then look no further then this. From the diverse biomes, in depth crafting and base building systems, vehicles and not only enviromental but creature challenges. This game keeps you thinking, moving, and learning from experience as you progress into new territory. I'm -terrified- of the deep open ocean, and I can't put this game down for a minute. Even if I am screaming into a bucket with fear."
76561198207458468,Recommended,264710,21920155,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Senior Krabs,Super game but is there a coöp coming?
76561198116424865,Recommended,264710,14845419,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Zord,Good game. 10/10. It's a little laggy but still playable.
76561198188988182,Recommended,264710,20683307,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,hbrw4lily,"I figured I have sunk (pun intended) enough time in this game that it is time I post a review and recommendation of it.This game has been a great experience. There is tons of stuff to do and tons of places to see. At the time of this writing, I have played over eighteen hours and there are huge portions of the map that I have not explored yet. The game itself is beautiful, especially with the most recent update. I'm using a decent (but not amazing) laptop to play and the game still looks great. Someone put a lot of love and imagination into the design of the sea creatures and landscapes.That being said, it is in early access and there are a few spots which are a bit unfinished as of this writing. For example, there are some hints at a story that you can pick up through your PDA but right now it doesn't go anywhere. I have encountered a few bugs: clipping issues, brief FPS drops, and textures being slow to pop in. None of it was enough to ruin the game for me and the most recent update did a lot to address these. While we're on the subject, I should point out that the developers have done a very good job of releasing regular updates. You can expect one about once a month (give or take). I actually get a little excited with each new update because there is always something new to see. I hope the developers keep up the good work!I could go into greater detail but it would take a while and this review has gone on long enough. In short, this is an early access game that I am happy to support. I eagerly await the finished game.[Update: The story has been greatly elaborated on in the more recent updates and it is really becoming interesting. Also, a lot of the fps drops and clipping issues were fixed once they got rid of the shifting terrain. Massive kudos to the developers for listening to feedback and making fixes as needed]"
76561198163965229,Recommended,264710,16302758,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Bep,This game is really fun and once you get started you just keep on going
76561198012226975,Recommended,264710,13489937,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Elis,"This is one of the most incredible things I've ever stumbled across on in a looong time... heck, I don't even remember being sucked into a game like the way this one has had me have, as far I can remember....Just incredilbe.Have in mind this is an Early Access Game, there is not like a """"ton"""" of things to do at this very point just currently, there are no saving features in the game yet, etc.I would definitely recommend to keep an eye out for this game or just buy it now to enjoy the current content there is and also to support the devs!Game is frickin' intresting, and spooky as !¤%=&?)""(#!"")%("
,Recommended,264710,35445054,Posted: 3 October,all,Sir,Best survival game out there
76561198037073576,Recommended,264710,33158488,Posted: 2 July,all,Titans,From watching it on Twitch a wonderful game that you can chill to and enjoy the water
76561198173503375,Recommended,264710,23197705,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,lunar wolf,this game is great but it should have multiplayer
,Recommended,264710,13489102,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,rose,"so much potential, i love these kinds of exploration games, and the deep sea terrifies me so its pretty thrilling also"
76561198033390696,Recommended,264710,20405429,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Police man,yes
76561198171185939,Recommended,264710,16862250,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,the lolster,i would really really like a kraken like creature
,Recommended,264710,19632751,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Bam,This game is just amazing I love it so much!
76561198279169186,Not Recommended,264710,25194922,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,regallatin2303,"I just want to start off saying that I am a huge fan of this game. I would feel challenged but not in a tense, need a break, kind of way. Its always had a calming feel to it. However, with the new update, its changed that.The PRAWN update came with some cool things like the PRAWN suit, but to be honest, the game developers changed a lot of things that didn't need to be changed. Which is frustrating and irritating. Simple things like the multi purpose room is in fragments???? Something that simple and basic should not be in fragments!The last issue I have is the odd placement of other fragments. When you have made the seamoth, you can only go to 200m which is fine. But the blue prints for things to make said seamoth to go deeper are in the very deep parts you can't get to in the first place! I cannot tell you how many times I've died or blown a seamoth up trying to get these fragments. Putting needed fragments in those odd places is a terrible design choice.  I understand that maybe they want to make it more challenging, which is fine. But may I suggest just make fragments sparce, or put randomly in different places. Not 4 uneeded fragment pieces in one wreck.So as it stands now, I would not recommend this game. However, if the developers just change those things, Subnautica would be the best survival/crafting game ever."
,Not Recommended,264710,30157464,Posted: 24 February,all,Tobias Rieper,"I've played and followed the development of this game for a while, and think it's a amazing game and will recommend that people buy it but not now for the following reasons.One is that the game in recent months took a heavy turn in fleshing out a story for the game, and as a early access player I feel like i'd never get the same experience as someone who gets to experience the story new in its entirety. If you wait till this game leaves early access a blind play will be a much better experience.Second is that over the course of the months I followed this game the demands it puts on system preformance has ramped up considerably, to the point where I'd say the minimum listed requirements is practically false advertising. I went from no framerate issues when I bought the game to booting it up on the day I wrote this and getting 1-5fps. It needs a lot of work on optimsation, dont even consider buying if you are between minimum and recommended requirements: I exceed recommended and the game is already unplayable for me.I personally enjoy the survival sandbox aspect more, and enjoy exploring the amazing environment this game produces but I respect their decision for a less hardcore more story orientated game and would recommend this game once it has left early access for the sake of enjoying the story as a whole and if you have a very modern and powerful PC."
,Recommended,264710,24325209,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Bardyl,"-chose hardcore-spawned and gathered materials-got enough together for a lead suit, fins, scanner, welder, and seaglide-went to fix breaches in aurora-fixed breaches and headed back to lifepod-on way back, reaper leviathan spawns behind me-seek shelter in coral-wait a moment and book it when he isn't looking saying, ""CYA ♥♥♥♥♥""-leviathan said, ""I'mma ♥♥♥♥ yo♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""-Game Over. You have died.8.79/10 would please the leviathan again."
,Recommended,264710,24007419,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,CharredRemains,"The music, the atmosphere, the many, MANY things and places to find... I could go on, and on.This game has captivated me to the point where I've played for 10 hours(in one sitting, on my day off), and thought about it all day at work the next day.Buy this game before the Summer Sale is done, and if you're reading this after the Summer Sale, buy this game for the regular cost. It is well worth it if you're into survival, base building, exploration, under water, being confused by which way is up, etc. Buy it."
76561197984507455,Recommended,264710,19274725,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Bugs Mr Argus! Zillions of em!,"Eaten by a fish monster while discovering new and horrifying depths I didn't even know existed in the game. Frequently updated, gorgeous visuals. Doesn't run the smoothest, but I suspect I under-spec'd my gaming rig honestly, so might be on my end. Still worth the price of entry though, excited to see where else they take this game and its concept."
,Recommended,264710,22362708,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Tabor_14,"Subnuatica is a great game so far with it's story and casual gameplay style of looking for resouce and blueprints, building bases, and piloting subs I have found the SeaMoth the most fun to pilot and the one of the most usefull things in the game. I like how the Cyclops will tilt when you rise or sink into an object or is hit with enough force, aswell as the customizeblity of both subs with colors, names, upgrades, and in the cyclops furnature the lighting and graphics are great for what hardware is needed. Over all I find Subnuatica a fun and at times challenging experince that I wish more games had."
,Recommended,264710,22154808,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,[ _____ ],"The game is great, low end PC's can play it if they go for performance instead of quality, not even done yet and the story is being fabrcated in front of us like out magic fish cooker, and our building seeking generators that somehow don't electrecute us to death. Love this game, would be great with controller support."
76561198055227298,Recommended,264710,19596048,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,MuffinCroft,Keep making cool and new stuff. This game rocks!!!!!!!
76561198043447219,Recommended,264710,19905649,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SuperToaster,"i think this game is really cool, but every time i try to create a new world the game freezes at loading screen and stops responding, if i wait, i hear the sounds from the game, but i can't play it, can someone please help me?"
,Recommended,264710,21795423,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,DanixKm,"This game is quickly taking over my life and I don't regret a thing.Where do I even start on reviewing this game? It has to be (in my opinion at least) one of the best early access games out there. Even without further content additions there are hours upon hours of game time with beautiful graphics and is well worth the price tag as it stands right now.The survival element is real in this game since many items don't respawn/don't respawn often forcing you to venture more in a quest to further progress on crafting or building as well as the fun task of searching for blueprints. Plus certain sea life that want to take a bite out of you.There are different game styles depending on whether you want a relaxing near sandbox game on creative, no worry of drinking or eating on freedom, standard survival on..well, survival and the really challenging hardcore mode where death means death and starting all over again.There are admittedly a few bugs still lurking in this game but it's easy to tell how the developers take them seriously with the many updates in fixing those found which brings me to another point, the developers are very active and put out content updates and fixes often, another reason I see this as one of the best early access games around right now.Highly recommend this game."
76561198110331033,Recommended,264710,22117610,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,TheRealLemon,8/10
,Recommended,264710,22025611,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Basedtribe14,It is a good game. I recomend it.
,Recommended,264710,22945439,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Taydraa,"This is an awesome game, I really love exploration and the ocean all together and while looking at games that take place underwater, I came across this one. Typically, I'm quite picky about buying games and was sceptic about buying this but it really wasn't a mistake. This game has everything it promises and even in early access, it has a lot of content to offer.PROS:-Beautiful graphics-Amazing-looking animations-Plenty of unique alien creatures-A lot of content-Fun to play-Exploration is always fun-Realistic in ways-Good storyline so far-Scary going down into the depthsCONS:-No multiplayer (will probably be added in a later update)-Updates don't come out very often at times (it's early access after all, right?)-Sometimes when I build, there are pieces of terrain stuck in my buildings, as well as when I dig up sand, some little pieces stay floatingOverall, this game is fantastic and I look forward to seeing where it goes and what the storyline has to hold."
,Recommended,264710,19482173,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,NoitaKuningas,"Subnautica... It's A Great ""Open World"" Survival Game. It Has Potential To Be A Really Big Game In Future. Subnautica Is A Game Where You Easily Spend Hour's Because When You Find Something New, You Want To Explore More Of The Sea! But I Would Recommend This Game To Basically To Everyone, Because I Would Say That This Game Is Not A Disapointment! Really You Should Try This Game!"
76561198127488210,Recommended,264710,21599977,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Bastian,It is a very good gameAt first I didn't play it so much but now since  the new updates came out it has become a very good game. And a good thing is that you can play it with oculus rift.I really think that Subnautica will get out of early access.
76561198107247673,Recommended,264710,15486220,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Fighter-Bomber,"There are different levels of experience in games. For Subnautica, It's the ""I. am. in. this. world"" level. Every aspect of the game has been professionally done. It's not a sloppy attempt to cash in on the survival craze; It's an elegant, beautiful, overcoming world! Trust this random player who tells you that this is NOT some half-baked game. These developers WILL and HAVE delivered. Thanks Unknown Worlds!P.s. This may accidentally post twice"
76561197960890739,Recommended,264710,14439406,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,squeeb,"What a neat concept for a game!  Despite being early access at the moment, there is tons of fun to be had.  Created by the same team that made the very underrated Natural Selection 2.  Beautiful graphics and multiple biomes to explore.  Sound and music are both top notch.  The recent addition of the Cyclops is really impressive.  Runs very well, though I recommend putting it on an SSD for a smoother gameplay experience.  I'm able to run the game at 1080 on experimental (high) settings with very little slow down.I will most likely edit this once the full release drops.  I can't wait to see what this game evolves into!"
,Recommended,264710,21958033,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,★Ｌａｄｙ★,"This is a beautiful game! Beautiful creatures and environment, I can't wait to see what they do with this game as production continues! Keep up the great work!10/10"
76561198160703420,Recommended,264710,20023742,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Robin,This game as taken over my whole life. It allows dynamic exploration and pays attention to the tiniest of details.
76561198016975978,Recommended,264710,31617572,Posted: 7 May,all,Hexiron,"I've had a blast exploring this world. I have had no performance issues over the last 3 days of gametime, but I will say they don't make it easy to figure out what you are suppose to do next and finding blueprints for new craftables is a pain, but I guess that's the survival part."
,Recommended,264710,33104848,Posted: 1 July,all,Fil-Amthropist,"A game that perfectly exemplifies the balance between breathtaking beauty, mysterious fear, and glorious adventure.  The best part of this game is bringing the dark unknown into the light of acknowledgement and scientific study.  In other words, overcoming the fear of uncertainty is always followed by the rewarding sense of courage and learning.  Personally, this masterpiece is a good exercise for both the mind and soul.""Fear of the unknown is the greatest fear of all."" -Yvon ChouinardTLDR: Game is 10/10"
,Recommended,264710,22237875,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Chuffrey,"Much beter than i thought it was going to be, very immersive."
,Recommended,264710,32803583,Posted: 25 June,all,majorscud,"I bought this game on a whim during the steam sale, and I can say that I was pleasantly surprised. Great graphics, great atmosphere. The story is interesting and full of mystery. Watch the Neebs Gaming playthrough when you are done."
,Recommended,264710,28481845,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Adolf,"Okay, so, I have played a ton of survival games, but this... it's a true work of art. Amazing graphics,gameplay,story(thats slowy adding together throughout each uptade),and amazing creatures!Heh, this is my first time to ever say best 20 bucks I ever spent (Not because this is my first time purchasing a 20 dollar game) I really never get bored of this game, no matter how long i've played. By the way...im too lazy to check how much time i've spent on the game. But, in all seriousnes, amazing game, I totally recommend it!"
76561198031316382,Recommended,264710,33148909,Posted: 2 July,all,userr3,"What can I say:+ early access+ survival+ crafting+ explorationSounds like another stupid minecraft survival game. Collect Ressources, craft stuff and become god of this world.Well, I FEAR YOU ARE WRONG, here is what I think about this game after playing it for ~40 hours:PROS:+ stunning views+ the athmosphere+ the music+ graphics+ updates are on point and frequentCONS:- might need a beefy computer (I have one, game runs really smooth)- some small bugs (but more playable than some ""finished"" games)"
76561198080392518,Recommended,264710,33173829,Posted: 3 July,all,Luckystrik7,great game
76561198066209632,Recommended,264710,29046199,Posted: 5 January,all,tag en ven der er hurtig,"This game is so beautiful and impressive. With an ambient score and thrilling atmosphere, this game scores top marks! Buy it!"
,Recommended,264710,22217375,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Greenagon,I am afraid of the ocean and this game isn't helping me overcome my fears
76561198122387902,Recommended,264710,16720058,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,wolfcub0505,I have played many games like The Forest and Stranded Deep but Subnautica just blew me away. Its easy to pick up hard to put down. This game shows extreme potential and its only in early access. It has a nice feel to it and creates great imersion. i would recommend this to anyone that has steam... its just amazing
76561198147894830,Recommended,264710,28611059,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Heika,"A word of warning before I begin espousing the greatness of this game, it is in early access, and it can be *very laggy*, but it is still so, so worth it.This is certainly one of the best survival games I have ever played. It is complex, entertaining, and beautiful. The graphics are probably the best part of the game, besides the building of a giant underwater base and creating a giant aquarium.But seriously, stop reading and go buy this game and support the developers."
76561198008334231,Recommended,264710,21011365,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,randal_edwards,"Verdict: SubNautica is fun and has a lot of potential, but is hampered by a lack of content (it is in early development, after all). There's a lot going for this game - graphics are decent, the underwater setting is intriguing, initial survival is fraught with danger, and crafting/designing bases is fun.However! my character had ""maxed out"" equipment and seen all there is to do within 8 hours or so. I am flush with resources, crafted everything I can, explored the entire area, and no fish in the ocean can harm me. There needs to be MORE - more story, more craftibles, more to explore, more danger for endgame characters, more goals. It's a promising start, but it has a long way to go before it's complete."
,Recommended,264710,17075429,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,khaglun,"This is one of the best alien diving game ever invented. Here, the player get many unique play experiences. The game can be played by anyone and is a non-violent adventure game with countless of opportunities. With daily changes and improvements. This one is a must in the play collection, otherwise you miss something big. Run and buy! My best recommendations!"
76561198041011104,Recommended,264710,16691531,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Nicolaus99,"A beautiful gem of a game.  Subnautica has that wonderous sense of exploration that most artsy games try but fail to reach.  The ocean is vast, mysterious and terrifying.  Minecraft is a poor comparison.  You CAN build structures and alter terrain in Subnautica but that is 2'nd fiddle to the heart of the game which is exploration.There is tremendous joy in broadening your horizens from the shirt on your starving back in a cramped, floating life pod to your first tools and equipment, to your first undersea base, to your first submersible, to the gigantic Cyclops submarine that your submersible docks into.  Seriously, that Cyclops sub is BIG.  Finally constructing the beast and seeing it drop into the water before you is like opening the pearly gates.  The choir starts when you climb inside to discover you can actually build all your base amenities INSIDE the sub itself.Google up: ""jacksepticeye maria"", (You can name your sub, name goes the side and everything, he named his Maria) click the first youtube result and jump to the 9 minute mark.  The joy on that guy's face is no exageration.All in all, feels maybe half done at the moment but what it does have is surprisingly well polished.  Hint to beginers: You can push your life pod around; like outside the radiation zone when your crashed colony ship blows the hell up.  The wikis are well filled already but definitely avoid unneccessary spoilers, totally worth it.  You will definitely need to look up some basic raw materials info the game names but does not explain/identify yet.No regrets.  The most fun I've had in a new game in ages."
76561198063202345,Recommended,264710,22166349,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,majorjoshx,This game looked so amazing and wonderful it inspired me and gave me that final motivation to get off my♥♥♥♥♥and learn how to build a computer. I know it's sounds stupid but i've always wanted to build a computer but felt to intimidated to try. Essentialy i spent $600 just to play this game and it was worth it. My only regret would be watching videos on subnautica and not going in blind but because of how much i loved this game it insoired me to do what it did. I love this game it's fantastic and wonderful.
76561198089788216,Recommended,264710,22168664,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,CYBER PUNK,worth every penny spent
76561198055878177,Recommended,264710,32904203,Posted: 27 June,all,CannibalSwine,"Early access done right. Any biology or zoology fans should definitiely consider buying this.One of the few ""survival"" games in existance that I actually enjoy, due to the atmospheric and rich alien world, the ecological interactions taking place all around you, a solid crafting system, gorgeous art style, and constant updates.Looking forward to seeing this in its finished state."
,Recommended,264710,17565522,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,-tmc,im glad i bought this game!
76561198037194982,Recommended,264710,14778748,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,[PC]Roco45,"This game is in early access and probably will be for a very long time, but that isn't a bad thing. Currently, there is a lot of content in the game, between just exploring vast underwater biomes to collecting rare materials and building amazing things. This game shows a lot fo promise and is really impressive for an early access game. The devs are amazing and always comment on the Steam Forums as well as always are working on new stuff every week to add *YES EVERY WEEK! HOORAH AN EARLY ACCESS GAME WHERE THE DEVS ACTUALLY WORK* and are always on time with the schedule they set. Not getting this would be missing out big time on a very amazing game."
76561197975093510,Recommended,264710,15935911,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Rik,"This open world survival gem just doesn't seem to lose it's luster. I've played this game for over 15 hours and it still captures my attention. The enviroments are beautifully rendered, and varied enough to keep the game from becoming too repeatitive or stale.As for updates, the devs are constantly working to add new content, so just when you think you've seen it all, there's something new on the horizon.It would be nice to see multiplayer and workshop support added at some point, but until then, I'm sure I'll be plenty occupied."
,Recommended,264710,15168118,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Maxwell,"A Very Good Game And Really Breathtaking For MeGraphics : 10/10Gameplay : 9/10Song : 8/10Also I really Recommend The Owner To Put COOP On ItBUY THIS GAME, Its worth it"
,Recommended,264710,17951221,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Bandonker®™,Would be much better with multiplayer but still a great game!
,Recommended,264710,22078426,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Abe Cebulski,"No matter what anyone tells you, Submarines can fly and the best part about it is that not only does it fly it turns into a submarine of death and destruction, 10/10 great game"
,Recommended,264710,20245719,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Alrækinn,I've spent $20 to subject myself to one of my deepest most crippling fears.
76561197995557397,Recommended,264710,28540926,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,rickie1980,"Loving it. Good graphics, interesting idea, and not an arm and a leg to craft. Its early access so the crashes are a bit irritating but it helps us help the dev team. Only thing I think I'll really miss is the cancelled multiplayer."
76561198105671103,Recommended,264710,22210487,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Victorian Fury,"Recommend this game whole heartedly, been playing it non-stop since purchase, and simply can't wait to see what else the devs have up their sleeve <3"
,Recommended,264710,20983028,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Saltzmann,"Great game - relaxing and fun to play. Hope on the early access front with devs that are willing to communicate even the smallest plans or slightest changes to their game via steam, their homepage or a trello board where they manage their tasks. Looking forward to the finished game. If you are in to support the development until then - grab a copy ;)"
,Recommended,264710,24201386,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,👻 Spoopy Taco ☭,"I've watched this game develop for awhile now, waiting patiently for the story to emerge enough that I could happily buy it and know I'd get at least a few hours of gameplay out of it. Unknown Worlds has been one of my favorite game companies, after falling in-love with Natural-Selection and seeing what they did to Natural-Selection 2 the development team seems to really love to take things to the next level.When they announced an underwater single-player experience I was a bit shocked, but knew it would be good in their own way. Given, the first concept art and screenshots seemed a bit like a ""diving experience"" that didn't have much depth (pun intended). I believe they knew this and started changing and adapting towards a unique gameplay experience, I mean it used to be procedually generated and I'm glad they didn't stick with this because it would have made things very difficult to find.The monsters, fish, plants, landscapes, just about everything is beautifully crafted and ""awe-inspiring"" to interact with; you're able to take a screenshot of just about anything and have it turn out beautiful. As you develop in your game, you do feel a sense of progression and are happy to continue to the next ""objective"" which is all up to you to decide. An interesting take on survival, as most other games I've played like... aren't like this (if that makes sense). When I got my first knife I was so excited, then I got enough for a SeaMoth and later a Cyclops - and each milestone I make I feel as if I should make a log entry of a sort. ""Day 17, I have enough Bleach for 3 bottles of 12oz water that will last me a few days. I need to make it to the Mushroom Forest to get more Lithium and Gold to be able to build a Cyclops and CPU parts""Honestly, I haven't had this much fun in a single-player game in a very long time. And the game isn't even finished yet, I can't wait to see what else they add to it. Obviously a co-op option would be pretty fun, being able to share in the demise of your fallen ship and to explore the deep sea with a buddy.I give this game a9 out of 10Taco's, thanks Unknown Worlds and keep up the great work. I'll be venturing to the deep sea soon, and if you don't hear from me - remember me and my Cyclops, the Wet Taco."
76561198041609644,Recommended,264710,22026642,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,iankenny2000,"lots of fun, and lots to do"
,Recommended,264710,22068331,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,hub dub,Good survival game with its own style
76561198164448733,Recommended,264710,22171761,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,SorrySaysDelilah,"i see this game becoming really good, i understand its still in development, but i am personally anxious for graphics settings, as i have a low-end computer (laptop pretending to be a desktop) so i average about 6 fps under the ocean and 4 fps above. really hoping that will be the next thing worked on, but thus far i am loving the game :D"
,Recommended,264710,28633782,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Shung,10/10 GET DROWN AGAIN
,Recommended,264710,23225472,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Matayus22,"Best Early Acces ever.Transparent Development, gets better and better and brings more content with every update.If you like water: get it. It´s just so fun to explore this awesome and beautiful environment."
,Recommended,264710,23987841,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[Jon] Flaky,"As far as I have played the game looks gorgeous in VR. I have an Oculus Rift and so far no flaws. Underwater environment looks perfect yet perhaps there are some minor issues while inside the floating vessel with objects messing up. Anyway, it is in alpha state so that is something that can be easily fixed.One thing I want to criticize the game is the lack of indications. You're thrown in the ocean with a world to dive and nothing clearly outlined on what to do, craft, inspect or whatever.Anyway, good game, great price (got it on sale) and nice VR experience.7/10 in my opinion"
76561198278998314,Recommended,264710,21916458,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,jakemon123,1. Start game2.relise your running out of air3.close game and dont save because you dont want to drown4.delete game5.regret every step
,Recommended,264710,17717165,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Ah Ken,"Open world survival exploration is getting quite common nowadays, first you start off with nothing than hunt for food, water and resource for making weapons and structures. But this is different, you’ll get to do it underwater where surviving in the deep pitch black darkness.No one will hear your cries in the depths of hell.But for first time players, you’ll probably be tearing most of the time in the life pod as it will be your most visit haven when you venture too deep and die.Some may be curious or easily agitated when you found a life form calledCrashwhen you get close to it, it is like a homing missile waiting to explode in your face. For players that just started the game will never expect it untill when you notice it is swimming to you.#TearsSurvivingOXYGENWhats unique in this survival game is there is an additional element to consider in underwater survival is oxygen, as you dive deeper into the depths of hell it gets darker and pressure starts kicking in, as you happily explore the seabed getting your awesome loot you notice your SeaGlide ran out of power and forgot to prepare your spare oxygen tanks, or construct your Seamoth or Cyclops before your grand adventure into the depths, you’ll know you are doomed.But do not panic, try to look for aFaunacalledPurple Brain Coral, it produce oxygen bubbles and it can replenish 10 oxygen for each bubble.Another Tool that is quite useful is theAir Bladderactivating it will act like a buoyancy and send you floating back to the surface, it can save you as it is faster than swimming up.FOOD & WATERFood is everywhere, the fishes in the sea can be eaten raw at a cost of decreasing your water. So it's best to have it cooked at theFabricatoror by swinging yourHeat Bladeat the poor fish. But try not to cook too much than what you are required to, as cook food will start to rot over time.Water can be found on fishs when you cook them as well, but to make Filtered water by using theAirsackat the Fabricator which only +20 on your water, i will recommend Disinfected Water as it +40 the only difference is usingBleach(Salt Deposit+Coral Chunk) rather thanAirsack.Pros•	 Animations are quite well made (e.g Bulkhead, Docking)•	 Nice graphics.•	 Gets to build bases.•	 That underwater feels.•	 Aurora EXPLOSION.•	 You get to cry alone in your lifepod or in your seabase in the dark 500m deep.•	 Use Terraformer to build yourself a small cave. Make you feel like an EELCons•There is no random generated map.•	 No multiplayer (For now).•	 Some FPS drops in some locations.•	 Updates are kinda slow but worth the wait.•	 Still not enough content but I am sure it will be a promising game.•	 Minor Bugs (e.g Constructor can't build, Fabricator not working. Just restart the game. Really.)9/10"
,Recommended,264710,25273628,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Frax,"VERY Recommended!Awesome graphics, amazing design and feel, lighting and water is incredible, and physics are nice too. There's plenty more to say about how nice this game looks.Concerning how the game ""feels"", although it is an exploration/survival type game, you do not feel alone or simply ""surviving"" with no actual purpose. Most survival/exploration games out there are boring after a while (even when they're interesting and good-looking) and I'm a person who gets bored REALLY quickly. Somehow, this game manages to keep you wanting to discover more. You feel ""alive"" and with purpose. For example, you'll WANT to find out more about what happened to your ship, where are the survivors (since you receive messages from other life-pods), what's out there on this planet (because you receive messages and discover things related to new areas/islands/caves/formations...), who's out there (because you get messages about people coming to get you)... and I still barely explored anything in this game.Crafting is also very well done and balanced. The items you craft are interesting and useful, and you dicover more as you proceed in your exploration. Items range from cooking fish, creating water, to crafting tools, suits, subs, building underwater bases, and weapons... Furthermore, you've got limited oxygen so you'll feel the urge to find ways to increase the time you can stay underwater to explore intriguing new depths.Resource gathering is also pleasant and sometimes challenging.Underwater life and visuals are very nice and breathtaking.A very imporant thing for me which this game captures well: it not only captures the beauty of deep oceans, it also captures its majesty and scary aspects. Just wait until you're in a not-so-shallow area and the night approaches.One surprising experience that really mesmerized me: I was once diving in shallow water during the day when suddenly everything went dark very quickly, which was apparent that it's surely not the regular night-fall. I quickly surfaced to see what happened because it's kinda frightening when everything suddenly goes dark down there. What I saw was AWESOME! The planet that's orbiting the one you're on (which is large and visible very well at night) actually ECLIPSED the local sun! And the eclipse looked incredibly awesome! Every time I play this game, it positively surprises me with plenty of events and discoveries.The devs are also working very actively on this game since each update has a very significant amount of additions, features, and fixes. It still has bugs, of course, but nothing game-breaking.This game has a very high potential and very recommended.Update: After playing and advancing more and more in this game, it'll get more and more exciting, but the more 'advanced' my equipment got and the more I explored, the more I found the world to be quite small. I REALLY started wishing the ocean was much larger as it feels a bit small now. It still is an AMAZING game, but I simply want a much larger ocean and vast areas to explore."
,Recommended,264710,14686509,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,EnFission,"You've crashed on an ocean planet. Dive for material, build submarines, ???, profit."
,Recommended,264710,22194941,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Spacedad,"The most striking this about this game to me is that I didn't expect it to make me instinctively scared - but it did. Something about being underwater and vulnerable from all sides with foggy shapes off in the dimly lit depths that really gets under my skin - and probably yours as well.  As they keep adding in new kinds of threats to the player in the undersea world I hope that paranoia mounts *just enough* so that I never feel completely safe when I go to the edge of the shallows.As for the whole game: Overall it has a huge amount of potential long-term. It's already got a lot of attractive stuff about it right now.  Building structures is good. Underwater combat works pretty well.  The creature AI while unfinished shows potential for emergent behavior that makes the game more interesting.Also this game is very pretty, and getting prettier with each update - particularly after they gave a huge overhaul to water surface.The game is single-player presently, with the *hope* according to the devs of eventually making it multiplayer.Personally I am looking forward to whenever they put multiplayer in the game.  Wanna make sealab cities and coop against raid boss tier massive sea monsters.I would say 'consider buying this now if it interests you enough from videos you see of people playing it.'  Otherwise you can definitely 'wait but keep an eye on this for when it is finished or close to finished.'"
76561198078892574,Recommended,264710,16899355,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,KoyoKoyo,This is honestly the best ocean open world sandbox game i have ever played. the animations are amazing and the map is larger than I every could have dreamed of. I would honestly reccommend this game to anyone who has either played the genre or who is completely new to it. A fantastic game!
76561198094847056,Recommended,264710,16915760,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Jojojones,"Currently I have played about 12 hoursThis game has captured me in, trying to survive in a beautiful, but hostile world filled vicious creatures who will lunge at you at any momentBut I didn't care, 'cause I'm here to eat fish ,and build sea bases, and I'm all outta titanium9/10 Beautiful, Fun, but a Litle buggy"
76561198056492870,Recommended,264710,17426139,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,stealing shekels since 2007,Subnautica Has Amazing PotentialIv owned this game for some time now and i must say for such an unexplored concept this game shows that a good game can be set anywhere.Its the first Underwater game iv ever truly enjoyed. this game altho in early access has enough content to keep you going for a while and with the Devs working hard to improve the game im sure this will soon become an outstanding game.with more content and the ability to play with friends this game could possibly be one of my favourite games of all time.im looking forward to the future guys
76561198203807536,Recommended,264710,23940302,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CyRocksPC,Great game pls add Co-op or multiplayer
,Recommended,264710,23422242,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Mephisto,"This game is Amazing.  A whole new genre of gaming.  Exploring an alien ocean planet whilst employing all manors of scientific examination.  This is the best pre release I have ever seen, played, and expreinced ever ever ever ever ever.  The developers are adding content on a constant basis to keep you emersed in the evolving universe that is subnautica."
76561198066693345,Recommended,264710,22113006,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Kayfons,"It is relaxing and beautiful in the safe shallows - and yet there are a hundred different ways to die in the deep. I do love this game!A very full game for Early Access. Nearly 30 hours on record and I've only seen one glitch where my lifepod was flickering, I'd put too many storage cubes with titanium in it.It can be a bit slow and death comes easily (though your pod will resuscitate you) but I don't mind drifting around the ocean dodging things with fangs and stingers just to find an obscure item to craft with.I cannot wait till this comes to Oculus Rift!"
,Recommended,264710,31246377,Posted: 19 April,all,FroYoJoJo,"so keep in mind this survival has little to no combat, but what it does have is a vast and beautiful ocean to explore.  also my pee pee is out haha wee wee woo woo"
,Recommended,264710,17610900,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Quoven,"I definitely reccomend this game! It is amazing! I have never seen or played a beautiful, enticing game! The graphics are amazing and you can play it for ages! I mostly don't enjoy survival games but this is amazing!Pros:-Beautiful graphics-Awesome variaty of creatures and plants-Can't get bored by just swimming around and looking at fish-Fun to make bases in awesome places!-Very creativeThe list goes on!Overall, this game is amazing! Definitely worth it's cost! I would buy it if it was double this cost!I definitely advise you to get it!"
76561198119538036,Recommended,264710,20753928,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ShadowPants,it is a great game but for the love of the lord impliment multiplayer/co-op pleasebut overall it is a great game 10/10
,Recommended,264710,23939718,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Íchomancer,"A magical, enchanting water world. Full of awe-inspiring and terrifying creatures. This is survival exploration done right, Subnautica makes you want to explore, as there is wonder around every corner.Very atmospheric and very immersive, the only thing this game is missing (other than just more equiptment and fish, which it already has lots of!) is Co-Op. Something about this game would just be so fun if you had a friend doing it with you.Just imagine you and your best gamer buddy hundreds of metres deep in an abyssal trench, trying to operate a submarine as you are getting attacked by an enormous leviathan.Devs Pls <3"
,Recommended,264710,23591002,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Johnnyonoes,"This overview is based off of the Power Nap build that was released on June 1stI have been following Subnautica for a while now and it has turned into a survival game that I love to enjoy when I am in the mood for some relaxing exploration with survival elements. While not difficult, the crafting, building and exploration is top notch.The player character is a member of a ship's crew that has crash landed on an oceanic world, filled with beautiful flora and wildlife, with a sprinkling of danger mixed in. The world under the waves is split between multiple biomes that provide the player with unique resources to be used in the game's simple but fun crafting system.Strengths:* Beautifully crafted environments give the player something interesting to explore, while also rewarding the player with new technology.* Crafting bases and Vehicles feels epic and worthwhile.* Seamless tiering of difficulty as the player adventures deeper and deeper under the water.* Amazingly transparent team of developers working on the game, taking player needs and turning them into game features. Their last release provided a solution to a long standing player need and their Trello is available for all to see.Weakness:* Look elsewhere if you are looking for a brutal survival experience, food and water are abundant especially when a fully functional base is built. Most predators can be avoided, the rest can be dealt with with specific tools that allows the player to escape.* Performance can be a serious issue to some, lots of pop in and stuttering movement, even with a strong rig.The game is still in Early Access, and the new features the developers have cooking looks fantastic (and frightening!). Even at this point, the game is worth the purchase and I have been enjoying every content release since I purchased the game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ten4JH_gFRA&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,264710,18440057,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,ÜberSonic,"Great take on the Survival Genre. If you enjoy Beautiful scenery & Wildlife, underwater Bases, Weapons and Vehicles & nearly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ yourself when a big♥♥♥♥♥fish sneaks up on you then you'll love this game. 10/10."
,Recommended,264710,32940135,Posted: 28 June,all,Potato,Totally worth the money and time.One of the best game i ever played.
,Recommended,264710,19946518,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,HaloOfNorway,Fantastic game 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,264710,18771624,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Lotion Abuse,"LOVE this game!But...unless your using an SSD, the worldgenerationloading can be very laggy. But on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ late 2012, mac it runs at 40 fps max... so some optimitations are needed.Also the cyclops battery mechanics arn't efficient you may need to cheat power cells in."
76561197998224452,Recommended,264710,28048454,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,wiLDY,Just perfect for people with thalassophobia.
76561198231481104,Recommended,264710,17808385,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,CCN,"FIRST IMPRESSIONI put my headphones on and started the game upI'm in a life pod, now, I'm standing on top of it and hear a loud bass-y honk from deep underwaterI'm spooked by the noise and accidently fall off the life raft into the waterscrambling to get back up and i just hear that noise getting louder and louderDidn't even need to see what was making the noise to be terrified. I think that that is something amazing that is shown here, that set and setting alone can have a great deal on setting a mood, in this case, an alien ocean seeming as dangerous as it is idylic. That is something you don't really see in games anymore.Overall after my first impressions I think the devs are doing something truly original here and I'm going to have a good time playing this game (if you know what I mean)"
76561198060050357,Recommended,264710,15075317,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Wolfamelon,This game is going to be something spectacular!
76561197997748612,Recommended,264710,22818050,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,1stGenGamer,"Don't let ""Early Access"" scare you away from this one. I tend to like games that allow me to explore, build and discover new things and Subnautica is definitely that. The graphics are well done and there are some fantastic seascapes. I play on high settings and the water is amazing. I have had no game braking bugs but I have had a couple minor ones. The music is great too."
76561198007035944,Recommended,264710,17464968,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,KlaatuVerataNictu,"I shy way from alpha releases, but this game caught my eye, and I'm glad it did.  I got about 10 hours of gameplay out of it in it's current state, and am looking forward to new updates.Pros:* Nice graphics & beautiful world* Smooth gameplay* Instant transitions between crafts, bases, & world* Easy to use crafting* Intuitive pretty much everythingCons:* Bugs here and there, but nothing game breaking.  I haven't had a single crash or anything like that."
76561198023116090,Recommended,264710,28537747,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Flupperz,"Oh what's that, that's really pretty. Oh look at that, OH MY GOD, WHAT IS That?Talk about a game that nails the sense and danger of exploration perfectly. While I had some concerns before the most recent update that the game was leaning too heavily towards the survival side of the game. Since this update, it seems my concerns were remedied and they plan to continue their balancing of survival to exploration.After a second playthrough of the game and getting the main content complete, I feel as if I’m just scratching half of the surface of the game. On average it takes around 20 hours for me to reach what I feel as if is the endgame, where the ocean is no longer a threat and everything is mine for the taking. While this statement is mostly true, there are occurrences where you will be reminded that you’re not the biggest fish in the sea.If you’re looking for a word to explore and make your home, look no further than Subnautica. It’s a game that I am eagerly awaiting their next expansion and the full release which looks to be near the end of May 2017. I haven’t felt the sense of awe and joy of exploration that I’ve gotten from this game in quite some time. The game is absolutely beautiful and the world is vast,with essentially a second whole map underneath the base map.(Slight spoilers of endgame content.)With all that said, there is on major caveat to take into count. As it currently stands, the game tends to crash a lot once you start to exceed around 10 hours of play time, or have been heavily impacting the world. While they have plans to fix this issue by removing the terraformable terrain, it has caused quite the headache. Playing the game of waiting 5 minutes as the game freezes, hoping that it won’t crash and you can save just to move 10 more meters forward. While there are fixes for this, the fixes in themselves also cause areas of the game to crash more and others less. There’s a game someone made called Storage Wars that is solely based off your crashing. With all that being said, even through all the crashes, I kept trying to play again and again because I just wanted that little bit more that the game has hidden throughout itself.If you’ve been looking to buy the game, in its current state, while it may have some performance issues I’d wholeheartedly say do it. With the upcoming plans the devs have for it, I’m excited to see the way they finish off the story and the new environments they add.TLDR: If you want to explore a beautiful but deadly world, with a few performance concerns that are being addressed, look no further."
76561198039433492,Recommended,264710,17394871,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,cptKillbot,"For an early access title you are definitely getting your money's worth! Unlike all these other early access games you are actually getting something that feels tangible and is constantly being updated/fixed by the devs and they listen to the community. Reporting issues/bugs or anything else is as simple as a single keystroke and is very quick.The game itself does a very good job of keeping everything to a manageable scale and allows the player to slowly piece together their lab or whatever you want to make of it. Graphics are great, gameplay consistent and you just get an overall good feeling from this game."
,Recommended,264710,18385586,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,GUNSLINGERN7,This is a fantastic game. The graphics are great the UI is intuitive and easy to master. Its Early Access and it looks and plays like a AAA title. I cant wait to see what the Devs have in store for us next . So many possibilities.
76561198216667924,Recommended,264710,19226520,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,AltheaWolf,"Great early access game - gorgeous open world, interesting survival aspects and great building tools.Played a while now and still enjoying exploring, although I am getting a little tired of getting chewed - tried hardcore mode (one life only) and died. Several times.For e.a. - it is remarkably stable - no crashes in 30+ hours of playing, only a couple of minor graphical glitches, but nothing game breaking - looking forward to the finished game and what the developers do with this intriguing, beautifully presented idea.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,264710,21389899,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,XB-7,"I haven't seen a game so well realized and executed like this in several years... well, since Portal 2.This is a fresh take on the survival genre where the trade up of realism for a 3D printer and Sci-Fi ecology feels like an entirely unique experience.  The presentation is so tight, I'm left with the impression that the only thing missing is human.  The landscapes sprawl out and meld together seamlessly; their only barriers are the dazzling light effects that dance down from the surface and surrounding fauna.At night, the world takes on such a different appearance that it requires another layer of exploration. The wildlife lays dormant and ripe for hunting.  At daybreak, you gather resources in the midst of schooling life and continue to devise a game plan.Subnautica is different; it doesn't feel like a job.  Instead, it feels like an expedition where the only stress is how small your starting locker is."
76561197999458837,Recommended,264710,18205817,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Iceman2032,"Outstanding game even in alpha. There are a few bugs, but it's quite polished for a game of this sort. Right now there is no real goal to work for. Yes, you do have a goal of sealing the radiation leaks on your downed ship and make sure you survive on fish products only, but that is it. I am very interested in seeing how they add a content that will keep people playing long after they have built the largest sub in the game. Everyone that has played this game want's there to be co-op and I agree with them. But as it stands the game is extremely fun and impressive.KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK :D"
,Recommended,264710,35245931,Posted: 27 September,all,dagamant,"A bit confusing at times, finding crafting material can be a chore when you don't know what to look for and there is very little instruction given within the game. Progress feels sporadic and repetitive for a long time because the story line consists mainly of you dicking around in the ocean and occasional radio signals.The graphics are incredible but having them turned up, even with a Titan XP leads to occasional batches of dropped frames. I have spent hours just swimming around and looking at the environments and lifeforms in this game and it is really relaxing until your oxygen level gets low or you are in an area with aggrisive enemies."
76561198060810833,Recommended,264710,23354828,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ComicalSkate,"I can't add anymore to what has already been said in these reviews! The game is incredible and has actually changed my life. The open development has actually inspired me to strive for game development and I am taking multiple classes to get there! I highly recommend this game if you like cool stuff, because in summary the game is really just cool. Cool environments, creatures, technology, etc.So enjoy the wonderful experience if you can!"
,Recommended,264710,25008904,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,LXNEWXLF,"Loved Subnautica, racked up over 100 hours of playtime and decided to buy it on Steam because XB1 is a glorified media center.Pros:- Provides hours of relaxed fun with heart-wrenching moments of near-zero oxygen and horribly large creatures attacking you.- The game is beautifully desgined and set.- The level of exploration is surprising and continually replayable.- The crafting system is intuitive and resource finding is well-balanced.- Immediately sets itself appart from the typical open world survival game.- The devs are transaparent about the game, its direction and what's happening.- It is updated frequently on normal and moreso on BETA.- Bug crashes have almost stopped ruining game play and you can easily do 10/15 hour playthroughs without issue.Cons:- Controller support seems dependent on Widows updates being patched.- Frame rate will drop every so often as you cross over map sections but it's minimal and recovers quickly on PC. Barely even an issue but still a slight con.- Texture pop-in can be an irritation.- You will often find wrecks floating above the water and lifepods missing. (minor inconvenience)"
,Recommended,264710,19926422,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,[RX-480] Cyan,"It needs a lot of work, but so far it's great!Right now the main issue I faced was loading times. It timed out a few times, and I had to lower the resolution quite a lot before seeing loading text.Improve the loading times, and it'll be much better.As of right now? I recommend this game, but I also recommend having a strong setting in your computer."
,Recommended,264710,25389535,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,VaeVictus,"Better than No Man's Sky, and it is not procedurally generated!(Frankly, pretty much everything is better than NMS)"
,Recommended,264710,24959342,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Frosty,Buy it. Right this damn second.
,Recommended,264710,14846501,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,HeroesLiM James,"really cool early access survival game, build a sub, go way deeper than you should. encounter underwater volcano, and get eaten by a thing much bigger than you."
,Recommended,264710,21914149,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,jigglybuns,I highly reccommend this game to everyone
76561198043705231,Recommended,264710,14289134,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Chudbo,Gorgeous is the only word to describe it. Teeming with potential. Would recommend buying purely to support the development.
76561198052197201,Recommended,264710,15019589,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Sigfreid,"This game is unique, flavoursome and shows a massive amount of potential, for an early access game it has alot of content, if they develop this game properly and add alot more content to the game then this will be an A+ grade release. Would most definately recommend this game to everyone, I will re-iterate, this game shows so so much potential as long as the devs develop it correctly"
,Recommended,264710,34858991,Posted: 10 September,all,PearlescentMoon,"Although this game comes with a few glitches here and there (which is perfectly understandable, as it's still in Early release), the gameplay is quite brilliant. At first, you can have absolutely no idea what you're doing, but after a time, like most things, you learn how to play properly and know where things are. It's one of my favourite games, and the experiences within it are just gorgeous. From a bit of jump-scares when big monsters come running; to calm, beautiful, biolumiscent light scenes that you could stay in forever... this game was well worth it."
76561198091170614,Recommended,264710,23218372,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Ben Dover,Great Game   11/10-LPN
76561198006867038,Recommended,264710,20420619,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Basilio,"First of all, let me thank Uknown Worlds for this wonderful game, and very special thanks to the world designers - the underwater world created by them is totally stunning, and the atmosphere of the game lets you feel completely submerged and swimming around searching for valuable resources, always looking out for various not-very-friendly (and utterly hostile) creatures trying to bite you.My personal diving experience is not as extreme as depicted in this game, but is quite notable, and I must say that this game has fully raised all of my underwater memories and it seems pretty much authentic to me - all the sounds, and the movements of my character.I'm watching this game for 1.5 years already, and only recently decided to buy it - unfortunately, too much games never get out of early access, and are not worth buying. The Unknown Worlds developers were pretty much active during this period, and although the progress does not seem very fast, but the game is already worth investing to encourage further work.However, I must note several really serious points:- The current food/water system is pretty tedious. Fish around the player's base depletes ridiculously fast, forcing the player move further each day just for the sake of getting food and water. Okay, but that's already done by all the other resources - they are not really plentiful, thus we have to constantly move around searching for them, and doing the same for food seems just overkill.- The current state of the seabase building is rather rudimentary - as soon as you construct the Cyclops, the seabase gets pretty much obsolete. The seabase definitely needs a way to create food - something like a fish tank, and a seaweed farm.- The water filtration machine is brilliant, but definitely needs an external inventory - it's fine if it will be craftable and you'll have to search for the blueprint, but as it is now the machine pretty much useless, as it can accumulate only one bottle of water.- Cyclops really lacks some functionality. Taking into account the technological development of Aurora, it just must have some mapping capabilities - even if will just store the sonar scanning data from the Seamoth, making it possible to review it; also it absolutely must have some navigation (actually even Seamoth should have it), maybe it should triangulate it's position from the beacons placed by the player, but this feature is really missing. Also, why Seamoth can be upgraded with a solar panel, but Cyclops can only work off power cells?- In its current state the game really lacks a story and some long-term goals. Otherwise it takes at most 10-20 hours (even without checking with the online wiki and maps) to get most of the map explored and run into nothing else to do.So, even putting aside the ""early access"" words, after almost 2 years of development we have a stunningly beautiful underwater exploration game with a very good map, rather solid game mechanics, absolutely no story,  and nothing for the player to do after a very short time. Calling it a ""sandbox"" is way too much, as the gameplay is too much focused on exploring, throwing everything else overboard - thus, after exploring all of the map (which is pretty small actually), the players stays wishing for further updates, which will hopefully bring much, much more."
76561197991758597,Recommended,264710,22070226,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Smoka Latté,Cooked me a Peeper...10/10
,Recommended,264710,16839274,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,milkmiester502,"theres really nothing for me to say that others have said so ill try to make this quick.pros:-nice graphics-simple crafting-easy to learn controls-dev feedback optionnow for the cons (not many btw)-not many graphics options (low, reccomended and experimental really isnt a good variety)-the ocean is SCARY AND I MEANT SCARYshould you buy it? yes! this is an outstanding game for early accses and i cant wait for the exosuit.THE REAPER WILL EAT YOUR FACE MAN SO RUUN!!!"
,Recommended,264710,15027807,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,DaddyJoker,"This game is such a great concept, and is beautifully portrayed. I have been gaming for 30 years and rarely does a new game get me hooked so fast like Subnautica. Great for kids and adults alike. A great original twist on the Minecraft experience of harvesting materials, and creating whatever your imagination can come up with. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,264710,15065393,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,triumphion,"I love this game, for many reasons.*1 time pay and whole game is open to you*Amazing graphics*Amazing concept*Amazing for early access"
76561198046259706,Recommended,264710,15009678,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Padwing,"nice game,lots of potential"
76561198000789542,Recommended,264710,14105507,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,wer24,"Amazing! It is somewhere between a building game and a survival story telling game. It is not only fun but I completely lost track of time while playing it. Most importantly you feel helpless in this vast alien ocean. I mean alien btw, its going to scare the crap out of you at times and leave you in awe other times. The developers seem to release content frequently as it isn't finished. Pick it up now!"
,Recommended,264710,16858435,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Ass Is The New Pussy,"At first, this game will dissapoint you. But once you open the dev menus and turn off some non essential things, it at least gets good FPS. Otherwise, Subnautica is a great game filled with the right amounts of terror and adventure. Killing aliens, destroying ecosystems, what more could you want in a survival game? I wouldn't say perfect yet, and that's why it's early access. Don't expect this game to run like the youtubers run it. 4/5"
,Recommended,264710,23873996,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Xanum,"You can give your submarine a name ""( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"".12/10"
76561198023003091,Recommended,264710,25809577,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Pid,"I played 38+ hours but I have a slow pace. Right now there is about 20-25 hours content and it is top notch! There are bugs like memory leaks that show up after 8 hours of continuous play, graphics glitches (rather often I must admit) and the occasional well known bug that everybody knows about but nobody fixes.Despite those critics, this game is incredibly fun, full of drama, action and horror! Sometimes it's even hilarious, like when you do the hero and master all odds only to kill yourself by exiting the seamoth (a submarine-like vehicle) while it still floats ahead and rams you in the back.Graphics are very clean and perfectly fit for this game, sound and atmosphere is thrilling. The models and textures are really enjoyable on maximum settings (GTX-970 and it runs smoothly). They are very futuristic and feel Star Trek-ish sometimes.Just to get in the mood watch movies like: The Abyss, Leviathan or anything on this list, you won't be disappointed:http://www.imdb.com/list/ls004587557/"
,Recommended,264710,32747633,Posted: 24 June,all,panzer,i really love this game but if there was a 2 player multiplayer i would play it alot more it would be cool to explore the sea with a friend
76561198029630377,Recommended,264710,28731804,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bubbles,"Crash landed on alien ocean planet.Start Swimming.Hit rocks.Crafted an Oxygen tank!Goes deeper.Dies to explosive fish.Crash lands again on an alien ocean planet.Hits rocks.Finds Wrecks.Builds Submarine!Feeling invincible, goes deeper.Attacked by levithan sized life form.Dies with submarine.Crash lands again on an alien ocean planet.10/10 Will crash land again."
76561198069880524,Recommended,264710,29159747,Posted: 10 January,all,Aquartos,"VERY DEEP GAME...+ Rich, interesting and non-tense crafting system. Upgrading system for most of all items in game (include submarines)+ Very nice player-buliding system. Diverse energy supply system.+ Rich and beautiful Flora and fauna.+ Scenario with Aliens (!)+ Stylish graphics+ Rich Description for each scanned flora/fauna/items.+ Seadragons on 1200 m of depth...+ NICE MUSIC ! ! ! There are no bad soundtracks, music is very stylish! (Each situation and bioms has got a different music!)+ Nice first person view: you can see your chest and legs ;)+ The voice of artificial Intelligence is supporting you on your way... (comments to situations, descriptions e.t.c.) its very atmospheric!+ larvae that may cling to the ship and pump energy from it, HYPNO-FISH! Stalker-fish that loves metal... ;)+ Thanks for good translation!- Game is crashing sometimes.- FPS drops on GeForce GTX 960M. (Mushroom's biome ! ! !)- 4 days of searching of the blueprints and resourses for ""Cyclope"" and its wasted for 10 seconds... It just stucks on 0 m of Depth [solved by building foundations on Cyclope]Considering the fact that this game in early-access i mark it 10 / 10. Its really interesting and unique. RECOMMENDED !What we can wish to developers?+ Add a new bioms (with new music, and of course with a new comments of the artificial Intelligence), creatures, flora, fauna, new interesing description for it (for scanner).+ Continue that mystery scenario and make it wider!+ More of depth! (after 1500m) and new REALLY BIG creatures...+ New rare and unique modules-upgrades, buildings (which can be built by player), items.+ New really dangerous places, where you should be so sneaky to pass it.AND ONE LITTLE REQUEST... Can you add a new Frame for Screenshots in game, which can make a slideshow! Thanks!"
,Recommended,264710,19283262,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ice_,"Subnautica is a new take on the ""survival exploration"" genre. While the game is focused entirely under water, there's also a little bit of land to explore, mainly a small island so far.The seabed contains different biomes which serves as a home for certain creatures and not all of them are friendly, in fact, a streak of brownish color in your underwear is guaranteed when getting jumped by a colossal sea creature out of nowhere.While the big unknown has a lot to offer, you'll need to build your own base at some point to serve as a sanctuary/production facility and storage area. The base building is surprisingly simple and has decent variety and more building options will be available in the future. The game also have a realistic ""flooding"" feature which basically means that if your base for some reason can't withstand the pressure or if some creature has damaged it (or maybe you're a fool and drove into it with your submarine), compartments will start to flood in a realistic way rendering the base almost completely useless until you've fixed the leaking problem.The graphics are beautiful, the sounds are great, the theme of music is well suited and if you combine all of this you'll get a game with great atmosphere with a lot of depth (depth, get it? huehue).The game is currently in alpha but it feels like a beta. It's very polished and already have a lot of content - and more content is being added with each ~monthly patch which makes you want to completely start over after each big content patch.Multiplayer has been discussed and a lot of players express their wish of having a co-op experience in this game (which would be awesome). This game is primarily focused on being a singleplayer experience so there are no plans on supporting multiplayer at launch - however, this is something that they are interested in adding after the initial launch!The only cons with the game in my opinion is the inventory system which could use some UI work and the inventory is a bit too small. The small inventory is however compensated with an upgrade module for one of your exploration vehicles where you can temporarily store items - I still wish you could carry more yourself though.Do I recommend this game, is it worth the current price? Yes! Buy it already."
,Recommended,264710,16409199,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,nuffy,Simply amazing. It's the underwater simulator I've wanted for a very long time.One thing I appreciate most is that the development of this game is completely transparent. There's a backend that anyone can look at and it's something all early access games should have.http://subnautica.unknownworlds.com/#/subnautica/checkinsYou can easily see what the developers have been and are up to.There's a major update at least once a month. The game is almost unrecognizable compared to where it was just half a year ago. I thoroughly enjoy exploring the alien sea even though the last time I played I got spooked and my sub was destroyed by something unseen. *sweats*The few glitches I've run in to have been patched out. I'll update the review as the game nears completion but for now I recommend it. It's worth full price.
76561198013311126,Recommended,264710,23145182,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Helix,Worth the buy if you enjoy survival games
,Recommended,264710,14307061,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Dr. Feelgood,"Easily the best exploration/crafting game in the mess of them here on Steam.It still has miles to go, but is well on track to being one of the classics of the genre."
,Recommended,264710,16488301,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The Lysdexic Gentleman,"Yes, yes, and yes...I have only played a little bit and there is not a whole lot to do but... There is a lot to explore.In the 7 hrs that I have played I have grinded the cyclops just to have that mobile home, and now I am grinding titanium to build my giant base.The game is still in development but there are few bugs at the moment. I would recommend this game for anyone who liked games like minecraft, exploration with customization."
,Recommended,264710,20365657,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Bill Nye The Methhead Guy,"Good, but rooms lag out then your falling through the universe and breathing just fine, so it never ends."
76561197965060389,Recommended,264710,23004386,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Iro,"Fun and Exciting game, always getting new content and have plenty of areas to explore."
,Recommended,264710,15169634,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,GreyWalker Zero,"In a nut shell: this is one of the finest games I've seen in Early Access yet.  I am absolutely LOVING IT!This is going to become one of those beautiful pieces that offer complete immersion and a real sense of achievement.  It's peaceful in places, offers an entirely non-violent approach (to be perfectly honest, I've found absolutely NO REASON WHAT-SO-EVER to kill anything in the game thus far), and the recent inclusion of the Stasis Rifle makes those more pesky critters a doddle to get away from.And yes, someone will say but it's got bugs in it and that the game crashes a wee bit at the moment; to them I say this:Shut up, ♥♥♥♥♥es; your Mom crashes.The game does crash a fair bit - Solution?  Save often.  Problem solved.  Press Escape, click Save, and you're done.There's the occassional collision issue, but that's easily forgiven since it's not something I see a lot of.My first Seamoth vehicle broke on contact with something or other and I was unable to fix it - stating Welding Percentage = 0% and no matter how much nor where I tried to weld it from it was haviwng none of it... - Solution?  Build another, take better care of it.  Save often...  Seriously.  It's that simple.Pipes for the win.  Flares... meh...Go looking for stuff, build a submarine and rejoice as the game just gets SOOO much bigger...Beacons... dear Satan, Beacons.  Get yourself some beacons and start dropping them about so you can go loot the heck out of that place you just passed with all that scrap...11/10 - because I want to build underwater cities and it looks DAMNED likely to happen... :D"
76561198344433489,Recommended,264710,29213446,Posted: 12 January,all,kennyS,Great game and all but one problem and you can fix it easily. Go into your files which you right click then go to properties angora choose browse all files. Then search up baked-batch-cells-14-18-15 and ONLY DELETE that file and you will then restart steam and go play the game. 😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃.
76561198069597169,Recommended,264710,15101565,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Genetictroop,The game is beautiful and has a easy to learn crafting system. The game has you go around collecting material while trying to survive by avoiding dangerous creatures and eating and drinking. Use the materials to make tools to help with exploration and eventually you will build a home underwater. You can also make a terraformer which you use to form the land in your image. I loved every moment when playing and can not wait for more updates. You can build a submarine which allows you to be able to further explore the vast ocean in the game. There are not that many creatures and ways to defend your self yet but more will come in the future and by the time the game is release it will be a masterpiece. I also can not wait for new giant sea creatures to be added. Overall the game is beautiful and amazing and I would recommend this game to others.
,Recommended,264710,13874910,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,TwoBits,"Superb visual and sound design produce a sublime, eery, and gorgeous experience. I love that this game isn't about driven by death, but rather thrives on atmospheric exploration and construction. While the survival aspect needs some more depth and content (we need base-building and some form of scientific research to conduct), this is still very early into development, and I have nonetheless had a fantastic time. Indeed, I am still reeling from my first encounter with one of the giant creatures alive in the game's alien world.If you're looking for a brilliant underwater exploration game, and want to help with the development process (the developers have made it extremely easy to give feedback in-game), I highly recommend Subnautica."
76561198107238066,Recommended,264710,14138224,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,The Funsized Asian,"Ok, updated review... ITS FINALLY OUT ON MAC! YAY! Just kidding, it runs like im trying to use it on a toaster. The lag spikes completely ruin the gameplay, even when all the settings are on low... I really love this game, but seriously, unless your mac is a computer that sits among the computer legends, or you just messed with the computery bits a lot, you wont be able to run it that all that well."
76561198025137536,Recommended,264710,22399000,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,F8TE,MAKE IT MULIPLAYER PLEASE!!! Thumbs Up This Review if You Agree!!!
,Recommended,264710,15024787,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,♪♫DJ KUSH♫♪,This game makes me so wet...
,Recommended,264710,28566150,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,RoboKast,Make this game multiplayer PLEASE
,Recommended,264710,22041861,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,123,"Subnautica is a game about exploration, survival, crafting, and building. Despite what some people may say, coming from me, who is a very critical person with games, this game is really good. The developers care about their game, update it atleast once a month, and in general I really have faith in this game. After playing for about 13 hours I was only about a quarter into this game. meaning that, yes, this game will literally take about 52 hours to explore/do everything. In summary, you wake up after crash landing desperately on a mysterious alien planet. You look around and just see a never ending ocean all around you and a gigantic crashed space ship that you could only assume you used to be in before you popped out of it with your pod.Graphics: 7.6/10 (Not amazing, but still a REALLY fun game)UI: 7.9/10 (Pretty simplistic, but nice)Animations: 6/10 (Most animations are good, except for the falling)Multiplayer: 0/10 (Not implemented)Singleplayer: 10/10 (Works great as a singleplayer game)Crafting: 10/10 (Simple, yet intuitive)Content Amount: 10/10 (Lots of content)Community: 8/10 (Not a very big community, mainly because no multiplayer)AI: 8.4/10 (Very well done, but sometimes glitches out)Base Building: 9.8/10 (Very easy to understand, and doesn't take many resources)Overall Rating: 8.6/10The reason I gave it this rating is because yes, the game is very well done, but the thing is that it doesn't have multiplayer, and is still in Early Access. I will probably do a revisit of this game once it's released (Hopefully it does release!) I do hope they also add multiplayer or else this game won't ever really have that big of a community.How many hours will you get out of this game no matter who you are? Between 15-160Thank you for reading my review. If you would like to see more of my reviews, check out my profile."
,Recommended,264710,29580987,Posted: 29 January,all,☠CaptainFearless,"Edit: Redid the reviewSubnautica is totally worth the money. This game has probably 2-3 days or more worth of play time, and even more if you don't rush through it. Trust me when I say explore all you can in this game, find every fish, every wreck, every biome. There is so much to see in this game on an alien world, and the biomes and creatures are so creative and diverse. I would give this game a 10/10"
,Recommended,264710,19283267,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ikaros,"Played it for about an hour, I've found I'm dying for one thing,MULTIPLAYER PLEASE DEVELOPERS.The exploration feature in would be on par with Minecraft if multiplayer was added.If the AI was increased and some more horrific creatures were added this game would already have a 9/10 from me.I'm keeping in mind this is an Early Access game.Wishes + Things I like:- If it had an edge of fear from larger and more variant fish types.- Some nasty marine life at night. As in nocturnal life.- Multiplayer. It would increase my hours of gameplay phenominally not to mention all my friends hours who would play this with me.- The concept and room for ideas in this is great.Cons:- It seems a little empty and I wish the graphics options were a bit more diverse. I cant turn up the render distance and its a little odd to suddenly see life spawning in front of me.- Going in and out of bases seems little too instant and takes me out of the game quite harshly.- Switching between weapons has a bit more effort than necessary, making it scroll-able would be a great time saver instead of having to pause and go to your inventory screen and change numbers around."
,Recommended,264710,23576042,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Kazaanh,"Good game but wait until its finishedOtherwise you will get half of the game experience now, and you will get bored of it before they actually finish the game.If you don't mind go for it."
,Recommended,264710,23786481,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,root,Masterpiece.
76561198197282078,Recommended,264710,23599926,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,鮑比塔倫蒂諾,It needs co-op
,Recommended,264710,21248103,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Qi,"Its so awesome, new gameplay, in the ocean, cant predict from usual survival land game. AWESOME. last thing.sips."
76561197970541719,Recommended,264710,13412665,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Strange Loop,gorgeous game
,Recommended,264710,13412231,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Mattman111,"Seriously fantastic survival game, Extremely unique compared to what we have in the market."
76561198157444728,Recommended,264710,21529318,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SpongeGirth l hellcase.com,"Come on guys every review is ""Oh no my computer sucks (no effense)""  But this is an amazing game and buitiful/scary game. Please guys post real reviews."
,Not Recommended,264710,29288018,Posted: 15 January,all,Ericbo,"If you enjoy playing open world survival games, you will probably love this game. This has been easily one of my favorites in this genre. However in its current state I can not recommend it, unless you don't mind unexpected crashes and frame drops. Probably one of the worst experiences I have had with an early development game.All that said, I am looking forward to picking this game back up once it is fully realease. I'll probably change my recomendation to ""yes"" if the game is better by then"
76561198363644000,Not Recommended,264710,30044814,Posted: 19 February,all,bdimaria,"Great fun game for the 1st 20hrs, then the game starts crashing like every 5-10 minutes, seen another thread that said developers are aware of this issue. Had to give up and I am now waiting for the devs to update or patch, impossible to make any game progress if it crashes all the time. Not recommended for this reason, Please update devs so we can give this game the good review it deserves"
,Recommended,264710,15651034,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Brutus,awesome game.
76561197969675644,Not Recommended,264710,29078346,Posted: 6 January,all,Sleepmode!,"Very cool game, for the first couple days I played, now I find it's true that as you spend more time in game you begin to experience awful skipping, lagging, poor fps and downright crashes to the point I can no longer play more than a few minutes at a time without a crash. Initially I had flawless gameplay and framerate. If they fix THIS issue I will say that I would recommend it, but as it is I cannot recommend, sadly. Other than that the game runs great, looks fantastic and has massive potential! I just hope they correct this well documented and frequently complained about issue of crashing.-A word of warning to anyone looking to buy the game, this fps/crashing issue seems to affect most people as time goes by, regardless of their pc build and specs. There are supposed workarounds, but they have their own problems and shortcomings."
,Recommended,264710,30565005,Posted: 17 March,all,Bozoki,gg
,Recommended,264710,17340434,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Friends? Pffffffft.,I just like the whales
,Recommended,264710,28539704,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,DarkKillerz22,I was pleased to find this game to be more than a resoure collector game. There is acually a nice base building and exploring aspects aswell.
76561198120424783,Recommended,264710,16120877,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,dantalily,"Had a lot of fun time exploring, building in this game. The seabase was one of the best features that ever added into this game which made it more sandbox to me. Over all its a great game, hope the team will add more contents in the future."
76561198042554097,Recommended,264710,17456878,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,TheGameRRecon,"Great game, one of the best games on early access! In addition for an early access game there is a decent amount of content available, around 8-12 hours of the stuff if you intend to create every thing in the game and explore every part of the map (which I reccomend you do because it is very detailed for the most part).For the first fully underwater game I've played it just works. Really well. Might I add that the devs hit the nail on the head with the sound design! Really makes you feel you're in an underwater environment with a huge array of alien sea creatures wading all around you.Final verdict: 8/10This score can only improve due to the fact it isn't even a fully released game yet. So with this being said: definitely pick this game up if you enjoy open world survival games!I predict by the time this comes to full release it can only improve to a 9/10!"
76561198106678826,Recommended,264710,14906758,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,UneeK (Hades),"Excellent game, Excellent Graphics, Lacks things to do as some of us are hardcore survivalists considering the amount of them that have came out , so its possible to build everything in 1-2 hours if you know where to look for materials , Looking forward to new content to come out :)( Wouldnt mind the bateries lasting a little longer and maybe the hunger and thirst not so short as its hard to explore when your constantly having to look for food and water )9/10"
76561198288655220,Recommended,264710,25518841,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,B_Snake,You should make the cyclops hold both the exosuit and the seamoth that would make it sooo helpfuland when can the aura explode in creative so i can explore safely
76561197983462171,Recommended,264710,13549081,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Parov,"As far as I actually played Subnautica, considering its early state of development, it is highly recommendable. The last unterwater experience I enjoyed goes back to Aquanox (the first and better part). Of course, Subnautica is far away from a Aquanox like gameplay, but I'd like to compare the environmental aspects.In terms of emersion, Subnautica is yet both genius and genuine. A subnautical world with its own flora and fauna so emersive that you want to stay in the game for hours, even when it's not finished yet.The only questionable fear I have about Subnautica is, that when it is done, you're also done with it. And with 'done' I mean that you simply have enough from the subnautical environment. There are many possibilities for crafting and hunting and so on of course. But let's face it, it is a very limited environment to play in. At least this is what I personally think. But as always I'm quite curious to see what the developers will put into the game and how they are going to enhance the experience.At this point I recommend this game very much. Not only because of Subnauticas unique gameplay and environment, but for the great love and patience the developers put into it.For those who face a phobia about underwater / divings - don't use it with VR :-P"
76561198290675275,Recommended,264710,24225504,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Fireball113,good game
,Recommended,264710,23756041,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Valkyrie,"What a game.If you love the ocean and love exploration, or just love good games, you'll love Subnautica. It's challenging at times, terrifying at times, but most importantly always enjoyable. Whether it's building underwater bases, crafting new items and submersibles, or just standing (or indeed swimming) in awe of the beautiful sights and sounds of a lovingly crafted environment packed with fascinating alien flora and fauna, this game is utterly riveting.Despite being in Early Access, Subnautica feels pretty damn complete to me, and is a thoroughly enjoyable experience even without the story promised in the final release. It feels good to play and enjoy a polished, fun game whilst knowing that even more is still to come - regular updates bring fresh experiences every time. It's got to be said, Subnautica is afintastic game and well worth the money."
,Recommended,264710,23826553,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Chii,this game is cool. needs more spook monsters though
,Recommended,264710,22268739,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Svelting,I bought this game because of my incredible fear of deep and open waters. Needless to say this did not in the slightest help that fear. The beautiful landscapes and creatures are balanced with the horrifying beasts that roam the deeper waters. I am both terrified of and in awe of this game and can't wait to see how it develops.
76561198289978773,Recommended,264710,22325074,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,PurpleBoy_7 | gamekit.com,great all round survival/ story game
,Recommended,264710,22574895,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Cyborgslaser,good game but my monitor contiously crashes when i play
,Recommended,264710,22580888,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,heroicis,"love the game. Just like minecraft underwater, I would recomend this game to anyone who likes games such as Minecraft or stranded deep. Can't wait for future content. :-)"
76561198275529596,Recommended,264710,22598462,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,hedgehogwizard,IT AWSOME
76561198198145159,Recommended,264710,22599144,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,T$money,this game is awesome but when is it going to full game if you can tell me pls
,Recommended,264710,22330503,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Wryn,"An absolutely GORGEOUS game; maybe not a good choice if the idea of ocean survival and swimming around the ocean scares you, but the setting is very gorgeous. It looks like a lot of work went into making the wildlife new and alien, but some measure of believeable, and equal parts beautiful and terrifying. The game play is pretty intuitive, and the crafting system is actually pretty easy to pick up; the thing is, you do have to explore and figure out what biomes contain which resources, but once you understand that, the crafting recipes themselves are relatively simple and straightforward, even for more complicated things like the mobile vehicle bay.Similarly, building and expanding bases is also straightforward and not very complicated; the catch is that you need to find and scan the blueprints for some of the more complicated structures like a dry dock for the submersible (called a moon pool), and power supplies.  But since the game isn't procedurally or randomly generated at all, you can also look up spawn locations for things, if you really feel you must.The controls are very intuitive, and the challenge comes primarily from the survival aspect of the game; as a human on a water planet, you have to be mindful of the need for oxygen (at least, in survival, the main game mode) in addition to the usual hunger and water requirements.The game is all about exploration; you have to explore and discover this strange new world that you have crashed on, and there is a lot to explore. Including the wreck of the Aurora; in fact, exploring the wreck can lead to finding signals directing you to even more interesting locations, which serves as a sort of second phase to the game, and can lead you very deep into underwater caverns and caves with even more gorgeous surroundings.I should mention that it can be a little hard on graphics cards; my Dell laptop handles it just fine, but there are occasional hiccups and lag spikes, and that can sometimes make catching fish a little more difficult.And I absolutely love the new intro that they just added, it is absolutely intense and engaging.I do think that this game would benefit from an option to return to the main menu from the pause menu; currently, the only option is to quit to the desktop and relaunch the game, and if I want to jump between save files, that is a lot to do. Still, definitely worth the price; the quality is excellent to the point where I constantly forget that it is an early access game, even with the current build indicator in the corner of the screen."
,Recommended,264710,22546370,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Not A Lemon,This game is really fun but it takes time to make bases and its a slow game
,Recommended,264710,22571830,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"An overall fun, rewarding, interesting survival experience, with some great crafting and building systems, interesting areas to explore, and countless sea creatures to be wary of.Most impressively, it isn't even finished yet. Can't wait to see what comes next."
76561198204933011,Recommended,264710,22603751,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,mr_khaso,its nice
76561198184750669,Recommended,264710,22627427,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ω Dipo Ψ,"One of the best games on Steam for sure.The graphics,gameplay,everything is just amazing.Really recommend it."
76561198121255231,Recommended,264710,22631330,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Makkapacca5,I love this game everytime I come back and check it's had a new major update the devs are really good at bring out content for the game. The content is beautifully made too which is amazing. 10/10 can't wait for full release.
,Recommended,264710,22637966,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,AwesomeSauce,Probably the best alien survival game or survival game out there period. Their are some really minor bugs but that is probably expected since it is early access.If you are debating between a survival game this is probably the best. I've played strabded deep and the forest (which is second best) but overall this is better than both.If you like water and aliens and disaster and futuristic stuff this is the best game you will find out there.
,Recommended,264710,22023498,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Dacia Sandero,"The first tag for this game should be ""horror.""  Because fear has dominated my experience with this game and I absolutely love it.It must be said early on that this game suffers from performance and framerate issues.  It's early access, so it's forgiveable and will be fixed someday, but you MUST understand that buying this game now will definitely get you a product that does not perform as you hope it will. Buyer be advised.Beyond the performance issues this game is outstanding and only continues to improve itself.  The ocean is as vast and vibrant as you would hope.  It teams with different types of life many of which are not unlike our own underwater horrors.  The terrain is fun and immersive.  It has geological activity.  The day/night cycle is fast, bordering on too fast, but it certainly keeps you alert as night time is... less comfortable.Which leads me nicely into my favorite part of this game - the sense of isolation and fear.  Reaching my escape pod sometimes borders on therapeutic it feels so good. In no other survival game that I've played has the feeling of ""exploration"" been so genuine.  New areas are as fascinating and rewarding as they are foreign and unnerving. My pod drifted out over some very deep water and I experienced one of my first real moments of true fear as I swam out to it.  Looking down into the black...If you like survival and exploration games or if you as a person have the slightest apprehension of the real open ocean then I strongly recomend this game; as it will challenge your senses and illustrate the boundaries of your comfort zone.  The price is excellent given the amount of content and hyper-realistic atmosphere it creates."
,Recommended,264710,22032927,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Captain Halibut,"I should preface this by saying that I own no other survival games, and that in general I avoided the early-access H1ZI-Rust event like the plague.This game is probably one of the best, if notthebest, sandbox survival games on Steam. Not only is the game fascinating, but the devs are probably the best around. They are very transparent with their development plans, updating their fans on the current projects onthis site, as well as getting to know people on thesubreddit.Beyond the fantastic people crafting this game, you have a beautiful game set on an alien water planet. As you swim around the shallows, gathering supplies to begin crafting your new home, you encounter an alien ecosystem, complete with the smallest, cutest fish like the Peeper to the giant, terrifyingReaper Leviathan, whose howls and screams that echo the murky depths will haunt your nightmares.You build power structures, habitats, hunt for fish, scan blueprints, while the sun and moon pivot about your head. The blue skies and deep indigo depths invite you, as you pass mammoth docile giants and fast, scaly sharks. This game will make you fear the deep, but make you also want to explore it.The tl:dr of this is that this game, set in a seemingly untapped locale (ocean), provides some great survival, building fun. The world is beutiful, the mechanics good and improving with every update, and the ocean teeming with a seemingly viable and alive ecosystem. Top that off with an amazing studio and a relatively low price, and I would say this game is a great deal.Please, do yourself a favor. Pick it up, and experience it.I rate 8/8 m8."
,Recommended,264710,22036508,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Sev,"Mostly relaxing, sometimes terrifying, this is a gorgeous futuristic survival game. While it's still in early access, you'll find plenty to explore in the depths."
76561198061835735,Recommended,264710,22041498,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Molynes,"Very fun and overall awesome game. Would only say it needs more crafting. New suits, tools and vehicles would be sweet.I know this game is in early access but I'm looking forward to new updates."
,Recommended,264710,22049102,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,tomjackwack,"Subnautica is one of those games where you can play for hours on end, it is a very good game with lots of potential for the future.The Gameplay in subnautica is what you would expect in survival games. Gather food and water and build later. However with things like vehicles in this game it makes it even more addictive as you search for that one last part that youre looking for for the next vehicle.The building in subnautica is both well executed and satisfying. It is easy to get a hang of and will leave you feeling rewarded after you finally finish that bit of your main base off.However there are quite a lot of bugs, mostly graphical, but i have come accress a few and none of them dampen the gamneplay in any wasAnother thing about this game is the steep learning curve witht he lack of tutorial so if youre not willing to pick up this game and learn how it works then dont buy it because 6 hours in and im still learning.I would really reccommend this to anyone who likes any sort of survival game."
,Recommended,264710,15453745,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,grow your own Saffron,"10/10!I've gathered resourses, built a fancy bathyscaphe, launched it.I happily scoured the ocean...""How calm and peacefull this game is"" - I thought to myself.Suddenly I saw something swam past my bathyscaphe. I got out of my submarine to see what it was.And when I turned my head,ITwas staring at me.Then I died.That was how I lost my first bathyscaphe.But I think that if I gather all bricks that I♥♥♥♥♥♥when I saw thatTHING, I may be able to build another one!"
,Recommended,264710,14687354,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,p1LL,"What a fantastic game. I love it. If you are having trouble making up your mind wether or not to purchase this game, just read some of the reviews. This game is such a breath of fresh air. Literally."
,Recommended,264710,14962184,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,The Butcher,"This game is very good but it definitly needs periodical savings, my game crashed after 2-3 hours of gameplay on hardcore and when I started the game again, I could not continue my game, only start a new one..... Be Aware People!"
,Recommended,264710,19379394,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,FatBird!,"The developers mention that the early acess is the nucleus of the game. And I have to say that that nucleus is solid.This game is extremely immersive and relaxing. The underwater environment is gorgeous and vast. You feel like the ocean has swallowed you up, and you're there to stay. And, the colors of this underwater environment are vibrant.There is an abundance of fascinating marine life everywhere you look. Some creatures look, and are very menacing. Others are docile.You can lose track of time in this game. As I found myself building my underwater base, without a clue of the passing time.The vehicles that you already have acess to are real neat. And I'm sure they'll add more.With more and more additions to this game, and constant improvements this is sure to be an awesome game when finished. In early acess I find it very enjoyable, much more so than games I've spent fifty dollars on."
,Recommended,264710,29939714,Posted: 15 February,all,Fleyx,"so many cool things and its fun exploring the sea , but you can only play alone , it will be so much better if there is a multiplayer"
,Recommended,264710,29300340,Posted: 16 January,all,A-WaY,"All the colleges you knew and hated have now burned to death or been eaten alive during a space ship crash onto a water planet. Now you can spend your days alone at a sandy beach while drinking water made from bleach and eating bricks of condensed seaweed; if someone attempts to rescue you they will be shot down by some massive flak cannon, yay! Your only problem is these crabs ripped straight outta half-life keep humping you and something keeps stealing your submarine away to the depths, and or eating it.Oh but you do have a machine that can make pretty much anything, and when I say anything I mean anything ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)."
76561197986042121,Recommended,264710,21897083,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Bone,"i've only put 14 hours into the game. But god damn is this game exiting! i love the ocean and it's secrets. And this is  by far an extreamly good game. And yes i'll recommend it 100%. BUT!Here comes the but...Pro's: Extreamly beautiful environment (under the surface)Great crafting system.Gameplay.Overall a solid 8/10Con's: Textures that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at several places around the map.Texture loading during the game.The Surface needs way more stuff that surrounds the map. (don't get me wrong, i love the underwater exporation. That's the whole point with the game. And yes i know that The map is suppose to be 99% water. But in my opinion that sounds like something they'd just say cause their either to busy or lazy to add more to the surface.)LAG! (might be my pc but i don't think so...)Lack of weapons. I'd like for say an harpoon gun. A simple harpoon gun, Either one with a string attached to it, or without.Lacking huge enemies. Like Kraken for example! Or just a giant whale, there's so many ideas that could be added!And yes i know that the game is an EA and everything. But the game has been out for around a year. LAG should be fixed by now...Anyways i don't want to be hard on this game cause i blody love it! But some things needs fixin.I'd rate it 7-8/10 A great game with tons of potential!"
76561198267646048,Recommended,264710,30174661,Posted: 25 February,all,SuburbanHydra28,This game is problably my number 1 open world gameand no im not a bot this game is acctually very good.XD
,Recommended,264710,17039469,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,КчoДжин,i love this game and i cant wait for the new creatures and biomes and especially the exo suit and all the new building stuff i can tell this game is going to be great and that even though the sea emperor isnt what it is like in the trailer i hope to see it gracing your cyclops with a killing blow soon and when that day comes thats when subnautica will be tagged as horror more than survival.keep up the amazing work unknown you are doing great.
,Recommended,264710,15742942,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Xekrov,"I recommend this game to anyone with a fear of open waters.On a more serious note, this game is great. Not many pre-alpha games even begin to fall under the 'video game' catagory, Subnautica does. The world is beautiful, the creatures are amazing, and you're always searching for something better then the last.. that's until you meet the Reaper Leviathan, then you just wan't to quit the game and cry. q-q"
76561198167702079,Recommended,264710,28226926,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Uncertainrook84,Great to survival underwater again the Aurora explosion is amazing great work
,Recommended,264710,27338918,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rsource,"If you play this for the first time. Your going to be impressed with the surroundings in the game... the graphics of the ocean and the depth. All the different biomes makes each one unique from the others, some nice and beatuiful, others more dangerous to explore. Creatures of different kind with their special sounds, some which are friendly and others that echo through as you moves through the ocean, making your body chill for a moment. The music is also well made for the game and every biome has is own theme when you cross over.The developers work and adds new features to the game, which means they care for the people who play Subnautica and they have a feedback menu which allows players to report bugs and framerate issues to them (or just giving them good feedback).The good side is that they always keep this game updated and listening to the bugs that get´s reported to them.The bad side, is that when they release a hugh update with something new in it. It can come unexpectedly with the content they have added (in my own opinion) + Any previous savings can become outdated, makes you to start on a new beginning. But it´s not a big issue.In general. This game gives you a nice exploration feeling as you decent in the ocean for scavenging, exploring and survival. All the biomes are unique in it´s own way and the graphics in the ocean makes the game feeling realistic.If your into the game. Your going to notice afterwards where did the time go when playing this?!The only downside I can say is that once you have been able to acquire everything for survival and establish a working base. Your going to be less needed to scavenge and might end up wander around without knowing what to do next. Getting the feeling like you have beaten the game.Another thing is that there is no help or tutorial at the start of the game. If your playing this for the first time. Your going to have a hard time trying to acquiring the resources, crafting and blueprints without knowing how to do it and get you going.You also need to establish a base early on, since collecting more resources forces you to store them somewhere and more resources needed to craft new improved equipments for survival.If your also playing on surival mode. Important factors like thirst, hunger, health and oxygen is important to keep an eye on since it´s going to be hard collecting food at the start and predators hunt the nighttime in the ocean.In my opinion. This game is something I can recommend to buy. Once your getting the hang of the game. The ocean will not feel so big."
,Recommended,264710,16882376,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Protohm Johnny,"Now THIS is an amazing game. I think very few games can really match up to the glory of Subnautica.If you've never heard or played this game, take a look at a youtube playthrough for a little bit to get a taste of the amazing journey this game provides.From there, actually buy the game and go exploring!Subnautica is something that has impacted my gaming experience like no other. Give it a shot!"
76561197993454734,Recommended,264710,24301210,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,SparkyNinja,"I purchased this game on sale for $11.99Let me begin by saying I am very skeptical of early access games. Even if their reviews are loaded with positive reviews.I highly recommend this game if you are looking for a lone survival type of sandbox experience. It's difficult to find anything bad to say about this game. It's worth the full price. The only negative things I can say (and im stretching here) are:-the initial load time takes a bit-the game slows down a tad when there's a lot on the screen to load but to be honest it's probably becaause my computer's specs are not the greatest-very minor glitches so far but nothing game breaking yet in 20 hours (nothing worse than any glitch or bug you'd find in a 60 dollar finished title)-Easy to lose yourself in this game and forget that time and real life is a thingI love the exploration aspect. I love the crafting. When you make the tool that lets you build your own underwater home, appliances and upgrades, ho man it gets fun. Exploring a deep, dark, vast ocean is terrifying and fun as hell.Some people may n ot like this game because there isn't aany co-op (yet). However the game isn't meant to be cooporative. You're alone. The sole survivor. Also out of all the crazy technology equipment that you can conger, I do not believe there are any lethal wepons. However again, it's not supposed to be thjat type of game.Now if you'll excuse me I just finished crafting a Seamoth (single man underwater exploration vehicle) and upgraded it to dive down to depth of up to 900 meters. Time to see what's down in the depths!"
,Recommended,264710,22004736,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Phyrefli,"A great game with a lot of content already in. Has some drawbacks, the stuttering for example, and it can slow down a lot after a few hours' gameplay. However the amount of content and just sheer fun of playing more than overcome them. It's very easy to lose several hours just exploring the different biomes. Wholeheartedly recommend."
,Recommended,264710,15244860,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,JayEatsBrains,"The very essence of our deep ocean is the dark abyss and the natural hazard it poses to us as human beings. We fear the deep darkness but love the idea of exploring strange new things. Subnautica does a damn good job exploring that conflicting dichotomy.A threat in any game is made a million times worse when it cannot be affixed with a face or identity. When what tries to kill you cannot be identified, it adds to a sense of despair and hopelessness. You may adapt and work to mitigate the threat, but you can never eliminate the threat. It is the threat of drowning, the threat of starvation, and the threat of thirst. However, I'll only glance over hunger and thirst because I feel like we're all used to that mechanic by now. However, the threat of drowning is one of this game's prime threats. Drowning in this game is what freezing is to The Long Dark.However, there is a second element of threat: the abyss. You start off in shallow waters with all the bright colors and cute itty-bitty harmless fish aliens. Might I add, the color choice is actually very well thought out. We are naturally calm and relaxed around bright colors for we have learned to fear the darkness. So, the first thing that surrounds us is a bright blue sky, clear waters, pristine white sand, and a butt load of bright blue and purple mushrooms. So, you're at peace and safe while you learn the mechanics (More on that later). Yet, as you move on and on, the depth of the waters grow deeper, the fish grow darker in color (and have more teeth), and the bright blue ocean turns in a pitch black abyss for which there is no bottom. You could just stay away, but if you want to make use of the all the nifty gadgets you have, you'll want to explore further, deeper. So, it draws most people with this desire.However, this game isn't yet without flaws. I wont' address the technical issues as everyone else is doing that. However, I will address one key issue. While this game has threat, it isn't so dominant that it cannot be avoided. As far as I can tell, you are literally given 90% - if not 100% - of everything you'll ever need within 1 to 2 biomes of you. I know that sounds like a lot, but a key ingredient (silver) is found relatively easily in a grassy biome (Of which, after 5 new games in a row, I've always found near me). So, while the game poses what's really an invitation to explore the abyss. Otherwise, you could just technically stay within the 1 to 2 biome range and be perfectly content with unlocking most - if not all - of the gadgets. The question then is whether this is intentional or perhaps an oversight? Would it be wiser to eventually limit the resources? To force players into exploring? As of now, as I said, this is more of a suggestion to explore deeper waters.What I want is for this game to avoid being Salt, where exploration is so forced that it's pointless. Yet, I can't quite say that the game gives me enough desire to want to explore the deep. I'm only exploring the deep abyss because I want to - not because the game makes me want to. Of course, that could be the very point of a sandbox game, and yet, Minecraft - as my age old example, eventually cuts off your resources if you continuously dig and mine in the same general area forever. In Subnautica, as far as I can tell, scrap metal seems to spawn infinitely. I do not know yet if there's an end to the world in this game, but if this game truly is infinite, then there may be a problem. Minecraft is an infinite (or near infinite) world with finite resources. That's why it works.If you have an finite world with finite resources as a sandbox game, the game will eventually became pointless. Yet, an infinite world with infinite resources makes the world pointless. There needs to be a mix up between the two: a finite world with infinite resources or an infinite world with finite resources.I still recommend the game though."
,Recommended,264710,22034450,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Whale,"Personally, this game has about the same amount of content as some fully released games right now and is very pretty for an early access game. The storyline is isn't very long and you don't see too much of it in the game and most of the story is in little hints about other bases and lifepods found scattered around the map plus the signals which can lead you to some places to get more hints about what happened to everyone else. The game does only have one map, but if you couldn't find a certain biome there is little chance of someone being able to help you with the randomly generated maps. This won't be a full review because the game is still in early access and most things said bad in reviews would probably be fixed in the full release of the game."
,Recommended,264710,20671364,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,OtherSyde,"This game is so far beyond amazing, I can't even express it in one review. Deep and ever-growing resource and crafting system, absolutely stunning visuals achieved with the Unity Engine, mesmerizing and situationally reactive soundtrack that just utterly exudes the vibes of an exotic alien ocean (and for usyou older kids, a soundtrack which is vaguely reminiscent of the hypnotically catchy music from the old Sega Genesis game Ecco: The Tides of Time), practically endless (and also ever-expanding) structural building system, imaginitive and brilliantly creative biomes rife with all manner of delightful (and sometimes terrifying) sea life... It's like someone applied all the depth of a game like Terraria or Minecraft with the graphics of the Crysis series, and then set it all in some gorgeous otherwordly ocean with a sci-fi twist! Originality is everywhere in this game, and whatever tropes they might borrow from previous games or other genres are tactfully implemented and work well and smoothly.I've done just about everything there is to be done in the Early Access version as of about late January 2016, and I'm chomping at the bit for MORE! The developers are very actively resolving bugs, listening to their many fans' feedback (which you can send them live while in-game by pressing F8 - which also nets you a Steam Achievement), steadily adding content, and just generally heading in a great direction. This is the first and thus far only Early Access game that I would pay full retail price for when it's released even though I already paid for the Early Access version - it's that good. And getting better all the time. I hope they just keep going, like the Terraria devs have been doing, and just keep adding more amazing biomes, creatures, resources, game mechanics, eye candy, and toys! Major kudos to the devs for doing what so few others have been able to do over the last decade, and thanks for an amazing game! Keep it coming! :)"
,Recommended,264710,21644725,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,knodalishell,"Subnautica, probably the best game. Ever. It is so fun to play Subnautica. The buitiful ocean is very relaxing, the calm lights too. It's creepy, in a way, but really it's intreaguing mostly. Subnautica fills my with this really cool, positive feeling I cannot explain. The devs building Subnautica are really active, and their really good, too. For an early access game, it has so little bugs that it's as if Subnautica was complete. The game is ever expanding and it's great to be with the community on this one. Pros and cons:Pros- everything looks super cool- very well balanced gameplay- you can make submarines that look cool and drive them- you can make under water bases- there are creature eggs that you can hatch in aquariums- hours and hours of content. I am just getting started- all a huge story that's your own- too many more to countCons- the content updates sometimes make things impossible to craft... I don't know there really aren't any cons.Great game. 11/10 it's really fun to play and obsess about. Once it goes multiplayer (targeted for November) it will get much better, too. I cannot wait to get bit by stalkers with my friends! No matter who you are, this is a great game for you if you have the time."
76561197994461718,Recommended,264710,20705096,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Road to 1000 commends? :O,"Great game with lots to do & explore.It was difficult for me to get in to at first, I even gave up first time round (before H2O update) as everything seemed overly complicated with a lot of ""grinding"" (i.e. collecting of materials). You still do but it's much smoother now and if you put the effort in it can be very rewarding.Looking forwards to future updates.Only real problem that I still have with this game though, is that I always have to return to the fabricator to check up on the materials required to create an item (my memory is terrible). Would be nice to see some kind of tracking tool in the inventory interface that shows what one could already build based on the materials that are currently stored in all the inventories. (Don't get me wrong, some item requirements can already be viewed through the inventory/tools, just not all as there are different building stations). However you can sort of circumvent this by building your own sea bases all over the place with additional storage and fabricators so that they are always close by.Also another minor gripe of mine but not a negative review: Having to figure out which material to find in order to trigger the fabricator to actually list the item it can create for you. Sometimes you luck out, other times you may find yourself trawling google for answers :-). However, like I said before, very rewarding if you do figure it out by yourself.On system requirements: I highly recommend this game if you have a decent rig. The scenery (flora and fauna) underwater are simply amazing (above as well, especially for the big celestial body in the sky :O breathtaking). 11/10, for that alone it's almost worth buying this game. See my screenshots or other people's screenshots to get an idea.Also maybe some suggestions for additional content:- ""Secret"" quests/story lines (i.e. relics found from an ancient race or journal entries from former crew members) in order to attain special upgrades. Athough this is sort of implemented by scanning certain fragments, there is no real backstory or lore to it.- A map, although maybe this exists already and I haven't figured out how to do that yet, or there isn't one intentionally.- Improve the combat system. Currently all I do is flail my knife and hope I hit the target. But I guess that's probably what a human would look like trying to fight a creature in its element :-).However, all in all like I said, great game and I recommend it!"
76561198194020862,Recommended,264710,23385964,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Sissy Dino,this game is the bombi have played on all the modes and done all the stuff great graphics and textrues so preety
76561198013718296,Recommended,264710,23110707,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,FearfulCry,"I'm going to start by saying I don't think I have ever played a survival game that's excited me this much, let alone an Early Access game.Subnautica is awesome. I love everything about it. The graphics, the gameplay, the sound, the theme. The first time you stand atop your life pod and look around you at the endless ocean and the hulk of your ship in the distance is astonishing. While the game is certainly not finished, the scale and need to explore the game inspires is what keeps me coming back.The crafting system is rather simple, with the usual ""combine these materials to make this"" mechanic but it works. And the results are rewarding. When you finally get your first sub, it changes the whole way you play and allows you to go much farther and deeper than you could before. The base building is a lot of fun as well. Joining all the different modules together to create something unique is one of the things I love most and I can't wait to see what Unknown Worlds do with this system in the future.At the moment, there is not a huge amount of content and depending on how focused you are you might get through it all in 10 hours or less, plus there are only fragments of a story right now but for $20, I think it's worth it and I personally am very much looking forward to it's continued development."
,Recommended,264710,23216892,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Carpy,Best oceanic survival game ever!!
76561198065934973,Recommended,264710,23213385,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Xavelrie,"The atmosphere of this game is amazing. Especially at night, in which the creepiness definitely takes hold. Of course there are a few bugs, such as the habitat builder not always locking to a position you like...But it is an early access game after all, and minor bugs aside, this is a fantastic game for people who like to be afraid of the environment they survive in."
,Recommended,264710,23913003,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Morally Bankrupt,"I love survival genre games, look at my gameslist, I have a lot.  This is the most unique, refreshing, eerie, aesthetically pleasing game that I've played in a long time.  If you're a fan of the survival genre you owe it to yourself to check it out.So far it's a game that's taken a long time to just get really established.  It's nice because the game takes care of the mundane stuff that every survival game has you do in the beginning, chop wood, dig dirt, make wood pick, build craft table, forge etc etc... In Subnautica, you start with the basics for crafting, leaving you to explore.  The UI is excellent, there is no handholding, but there doesn't need to be because everything is intuitive.  There is lore, mystery and a dark ocean at night is both creepy AF and beautiful.At this point in, at time of this writing, I'm 8 hours in and just scratching the surface what there is to explore.  I haven't really left the shallows, and have just begun to really build a base and get established.   And yet, nothing has felt boring or tedious, there's always something new I'm finding.The devs seem really organized.  They have their development tracked for all to see, so if you have any questions on what they're doing with their time, go check it out for yourself."
,Recommended,264710,20481872,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,haze0,"Ok, if you are reading this view I really recommend reading through the whole thing. I will be listing pro's and con's about this game. Enjoy!Pros of SUBNAUTICA -1. So So So fun and addicting. Not just a game you can only play for a few hours at once. A game you can play all day!2. Lots of time needs to be spent. This means that basically you need to take time to explore and gather resources to build things, still very fun though3. Lots of different ways to survive.4. Different gamemodes such as survival where you have to worry about food, creative you get anything you want for free, and another one I forget the name of but its survival without the food and water that you have to worry aboutCons of SUBNAUTICA1. Some framerate issues but not often2. Some bugs in this game but they are not fatalI hope this really helped you on your decision of buying this game but I REALLY REALLY recommend it! Thank you for reading my review, and I hope it helped!"
,Recommended,264710,22472023,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Caprica,"Oh man. How can I sum up this game without writing a long review detailing how beautiful, impressive, and scary the vast ocean that encompasses Subnautica? There is no way. Subnautica has easily become one of my favorite games.The devs are constantly updating it with new content, both scary and awe inspiring alike; from the tiniest starfish to the most terrifying and long anticipated leviathans that hunt you from the deepest, darkest depths. Though this isn't specifically a horror genre, it brings to light all the fears one might have of large, intimidating creatures arising from out of the deep blue and yet still keep you intrigued and curious about discovering the secrets that the game world has to offer.TL;DR stop reading reviews and just buy this game already! And be sure to play with a good headset ;)"
76561197993701705,Recommended,264710,17294767,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,intrinsic grey.,"Solid with plenty to do (the most so of any early access game I've played). Regular and content rich updates. Easily worth the price tag in its current state and will work out to be a complete steal after future updates.Looks, controls and sounds great. The underwater atmosphere can be serene or daunting depending on how deep you go and what biomes you're exploring. If you're bathophobic, prepare to scream internally."
,Recommended,264710,24019260,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,TheNakedAnt,"Feels very much like a newer, diving-oriented version of that old flash game, 'MotherLoad'.Overwhelmingly the best survival/crafting/sandbox game I've ever played.Highly, Highly recommended."
76561198300586140,Recommended,264710,22645835,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Cap'n Pariah,The best game i have played in a while. 8 out of 10
76561198210085471,Recommended,264710,22897916,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Pidiendo Cacao?,Pretty Cool but you need a very good computer to run it correctly.
76561198036361323,Recommended,264710,22207960,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,SmellyFurryMan,I think it is a great game. It has great graphics and is very fun to play. I definitely recomend this game.
,Recommended,264710,22246212,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Serpynth,10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,264710,22961737,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,BZ | MrTeaBiscuit,"Great Game, Alot of fun.Worth the cash if you've got it."
76561198013947404,Recommended,264710,24737271,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Brentos,"Great game. I would have to say you should wait until the game is full release before buying it. I say this because it doesn't currentlly have a high replay value. ALot of the biomes seem to be lacking in alot of areas. With resources being expensive and eventually scarce like quartz inparticularly, it really made it hard to pick where to move to or outpost at. Also noticed some of the chemicals and items are disabled due to current bug fixes."
76561198011388793,Recommended,264710,23123704,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Fake Taxi,Great game to play but in my opinion this needs to have multiplayer to go one step further.
,Recommended,264710,22748869,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Fear_The_Emotion,At first when I downloaded Subnautica I was just expecting a early access title that was under developed. This first thought was from the early access sticker being slabbed on. After I downloaded and played this game for three hours I came to this conclusion. This is one of the best early access games I have played in a while. When it comes to these types of survival games you should get this. The only issue with the game is graphics (due to texture glitches) and no multiplayer. Other than that I highly recommend this game to everyone who loves survival games. I give it a 9/10 due to it needing a multiplayer update since textures are being worked on. Other than that 10/10.also i have been playing a lot lately and i just got the salami scared out of me by the giant creature that i have nicknamed the sea devil (due to the 4 or 5 horns coming out of its head) when it sideswiped me while i was exploring the Aroura
76561198000054078,Recommended,264710,24868508,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Hirashna,I love this game and I am usually not a fan of games like this. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,264710,17345777,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Dirty Dan,"All I have to say is WOW! This game is by far one of the best I've ever played; and for an early access game, that's really saying something. The look and feel of the game is great, and it's also very well polished. It's very fun, and I would reccomend this game to anyone HOWEVER this game is not perfect. It has its fair share of glitches, bugs, the usual and it is also slightly lacking in content. But it's an early access game so that's expected. Overral however, it's simply a great game, definitely give it a shot :)Gameplay 8/10Graphics 9/10Overral feel/fun factor 10/10"
76561198093339462,Recommended,264710,25092512,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Der_Kommandant,"best early access game, totally worth the money.much content, great performance, beautiful graphics(STORY in a Sandbox SURVIVAL GAME) PogChamp"
76561198102385070,Recommended,264710,25714041,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,action[],"The game has grown so much in the past 2ish years and is destined for success. But it still has problems and aspects that i belive could be persued further. for the building system the large tanks amazing but take up so much of the room that you cant walk around and enjoy the view, i would not say shrink the tank but get a bigger room or just make the whole room a tank that way we just pass through the thing instead of akwardly walking around it. we could also use 45 degree corners. and a major problem was that larger rooms like the moon pool and to a lesser extent the large room will clear a large area around tthem, and i often try to build as close as i can to the coolest looking thing i can find(within reason). other then this the building system is great below the water but above the surface it can be hard to build up because of gravity forcing players to build out instead. it looks amazing, everything this is the prettiest game i have ever seen done on the unity engine, hands down. the monsters are cool and unique however some like the stalker seem too ""hungry"" constantly chasing after any fish or players that wander too clost even during their least active time period. sometimes finding somthing gets hard especially for now players a SIMPLE in game map that is slowly revealed as the player explores would be cool instead of dropping 10000 beacons at every wreak or place of interest like I did when i first played. this is the ONLY ocean themed game i have seen (exept for ABSU) that isnt entirly focusd on horror or survival, subnautica shows wonder and spacific environments that have their own atmospheres and soundtracks(bloody cool ones). I would highly recomend supporting it on early access."
76561198005178408,Recommended,264710,28747685,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,bigbird76,"My first review of a gameSo I picked this up in the steam sale as a friend has this and he told me it was a nice game to play.This is the type of game I like playing where you have to survive the wilderness, There are different modes but i wanted something close to real life if you did crash on a Alien planet. You have your health/food/drink and your O'2 supply which does not last long to think about at all times while playing which does take quite a few trips down to the seabed and back when you first start out. From what I can see though is that the map is massive and very deep which I have not ventured into yet, You need to craft better items to explore down there, The sea monsters are out there also so your always looking at your back to make sure nothing is following you, I have died a few times by being eaten by some nasty fish/monsters.So the more you explore the more items you find and your inventory gets full but you can just build more storage boxes and eventually a underwater base and submarines.I think this game is going to take 200+ hrs to play and explore so its well worth the money.Thanks for reading.Leigh"
,Recommended,264710,30229163,Posted: 27 February,all,MagnificentMan,"I really enjoy this game! In the 5 hours I've spent on this game (so far) I was highly pleased with it. This game is only about twenty dollars and is good enough to be a fourty or fifty dollar game! This open world survival sandbox game is highly unique when placed against others, as it is mainly aquatic survival this time. The best elements of this game are the great atmosphere, the feeling of never knowing what'll happen next, and the need to improve and survive. This game is one of the most addicting games I've played, and I'm so glad I purchased it!"
76561197979846061,Recommended,264710,31699933,Posted: 12 May,all,Spacedug,"Subnautica is a very good survival game. If you like this kind of game, subnautica is a ""must buy"". For 20 Bucks it's fun for a lot of hours of gameplay, if it's on sale even more.Pro's:- very immersive gameplay- a lot to explore- nice story development (but needs more polishing, but hey - its still ""early access"")- nice graphics- a different setting (90% underwater)- in spite of being ""early access"" it's a fully playable and enjoyable game.- tested it on 3 different systems (i7, GeF.980ti, 32GBRam / i5, GeF.1060, 16Gb / i5, GeF.960, 8Gb) and it run playable on all 3. But it's most enjoyable on a good system. On the lower systems you'll experience some hickups from time to time.Con's:- after 1-2 hours it's always on the brinck of getting boring, but then something new happens (new tech discoverd, new story plots, new biomes to explore). For some people this period might be too long. If your are the ""100% action all time type of player"", the you'll have some issues with this game- some parts of the game still need expanding (e.g. more content in the rim-territories, better use for the furniture you get, perhaps some late game offensive weapons to add some more action)- no Multiplayer yetNeutral (could be a pro or a con - depending on your playstyle):- very limited offensive weapons (makes the game more ""survival"")- you have to like water and fishes :)I bought it on sale and i would buy it again."
,Recommended,264710,28609231,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,✪ Nick1441,It Good.
76561198172774561,Recommended,264710,29349637,Posted: 18 January,all,Duckling Tights,"A fun exploration game that gets better and better with every update. A bug here and there and major crashes cause a small amount of frustration, but I can safely say due to the quality of gameplay I feel happy to just redo my lost progress. Saving is recommended greatly though. It also currently requires a lot of juice memory wise. On the worst computer, I was still able to navigate this by setting the resolution to 800 x 600 and the graphics to minor. The FPS is an issue, but I still feel able to enjoy the game with little hinderance. I'd recommend soley on the latest precursor update."
,Recommended,264710,29347951,Posted: 18 January,all,Daywalker { Elite Ginger },"I cant believe the depth and projection this game has acheived. Ive been in love and scared at every new thing all while slowly learning the game play cycle. I have a fear of oceans and dark bodies of water so this game has an extra edge with my self personal. Very enjoyable and can only reccommend, perfect game you can pick up and drop when you need to as well."
,Recommended,264710,18007954,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,RipTide🐺🐲🐟,awesome!
76561198188269150,Recommended,264710,31848798,Posted: 19 May,all,noah1509,"one of my favorite steam games ever, buy it!!!!"
,Recommended,264710,19553612,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,- Yakuza -,Fun hen you got nothing to do but very grindy and can take alot of time to get what you want
,Recommended,264710,30509899,Posted: 14 March,all,[cN] GodOfCharizardz,"This game is the best horror game I've ever played. It starts off, lulling you into a false sense of security. You're in a bright, colorful, lovely ecosystem. As you adventure, build your base, you feel pretty proud. You've even got a few cool vehicles!Then, you travel further underground.First, you reach a dark, lifeless canyon, filled with dead Creepvines.Second, you travel even further, reaching a beautiful, awesome, nice ecosystem again! Albeit it's filled with bones, but, it's still kind of creepy.Third, there's a deep dropoff. You land in a hellish wasteland, filled with lava.You hear a roar.You turn around.You see a massive creature, at first, a silhouette.Then, it's getting closer.It's too close.It's over.BUY NOW!"
,Recommended,264710,17554672,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,✪JesseJames✪,Oi this is the best underwater survival game i'v played :p
,Recommended,264710,21354627,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Brad,"Fun game, there's alot of crafting survival games out there but none are done quite as nice and interesting as this one.One of my favorite features is being able to collect enough recources to build the ""cyclops"",  A full fledged sumbarine that you can walk around in, build and place objects, upgrade, dock your smaller sub, and is pretty much a mobile base of operations.The visuals look really nice especially at night, and the sea monsters can be terrifying."
76561198228868008,Recommended,264710,18016084,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Electron Gaming,"Ok, first things first. This game is freakin awsome, and the recent updating has been great. However, and i think anyone that has played this game will agree with me, THIS GAME NEEDS MULTIPLAYER! Even if its just a two person co op, multiplayer would make this game infinetly better, since, when you are alone in these types of games, you tend to get bored when you are alone. The one thing that im gonna bug the devs about is multiplayer, because this game needs that, and nothing more."
76561198067889393,Recommended,264710,25985061,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Crusader Rabbit,"You wake up, alone in your dilapidated escape pod, groggy and disoriented. There isn't time to react as you struggle against heat from the fire that encircles you. Quickly you reach for the fire extinguisher and snuff out the flames. A light above you breaks through the smoke. It's the hatch! You step up onto the ladder, force open the hatch, and escape your life vessel.You are a castaway. falling from the seas of the skies, you find yourself bobbing in the seas of an unknown world- your ship smoldering in the distance.Subnautica is a beautiful game through and through, and (for me) sets the bar for what you should expect from survival games. From the moment you dive into the waters, you are just amazed at how beautiful the world around you is and at all the varying degree of life surrounding you. There isn't tons upon tons of things to do (explore, gather, study, explore, build, explore, see how deep the rabbit hole goes, explore), and the map is static, but this game is so beautiful that I find myself returning to it frequently when I just want to play a game by myself and have the survival experience and even though it's tagged as early access, it does not have that early access feel that 90% of the other EA games have.Pros:- Beautiful world/ Magnificent color pallet. This game amazes me just as much now as it did when I first set foot on it.- Decent rig= good experience. I haven't experienced any real serious bugs and definitely not any lag or latency when playing. I built a pretty good rig 4 years ago and I can run this game with the highest graphic settings and play fine.- Still challenging. This game is mostly filled with peaceful creatures but there is still enough in the game that can kill you, from running out of oxygen to reaper leviathan (You have a mini heart attack every time you get near them), to the other new dangerous creatures they recently added.- Animations on point. everything from the Aurora explosion to the way the fish move, you feel encapsulated in this world. I enjoy chasing Peepers around and stop playing every time the Aurora does it's thing.- The sea. The map itself isn't very large (large enough for a 1 player experience). But being in the ocean 90% of the time is a unique twist to survival and it gets pretty unnerving when you start branching off from the shallows and enter the abyss.- Unique creatures. I cannot stress this one enough! Everything from Peepers trying to be elusive, great lumbering Reefbacks, sneaky Crab snakes hiding in mushrooms, to screeching bone sharks and intimidating reapers, they all have their own style and feel.-Crafting/Building. While you have an assortment of ready to make technology, there are scattered pieces of tech throughout the deep seas for you to discover. This allows you to build vehicles, new and useful tools, expansive bases, and even gardens!-Exploration. Most of the new technology fragments are scattered throughout the world, allowing you little rewards for exploring new places. Grab a torch and cut open doors on fragments of your ship and explore the tombs of your previous home to find aesthetic items, new power sources, tools, etc.-Updates. The game gets one or two big updates roughly every month and almost always has exciting new content and bug fixes. The developers have a Trello board so that you can track what is coming next.-Single Player. Yes, a lot of people want this game to be multiplayer but I feel the map is too small. It also feels good just exploring by yourself and not having others get in your way. If they did multiplayer, they would have to do it as a separate entity.-Have your own aquariums and hatch your own fish!Cons:- I wish they had a dynamic map where every new play through randomized the locations of each biome. This would add to an already high replayability and keep me from wanting to build in my ""optimal"" build sites.- There are unfinished parts of the map. There will come a point where you will stumble across a large, blank expanse. Nothing in it. These are sections of the map that are unfinished.- I have run into a few graphical bugs that are a bit bothersome (fish swimming through your base, schools of fish clumped into a ball).-Not much to do after awhile. It takes a bit to get to this point but after you've built your base, your cyclops, explored the Aurora and the prison, there isn't much left to do except start over. It would be nice if they added a few more dubious creatures around the map to where you had to defend your base etc.-Story is being fleshed out still. There are plenty of tidbits on the story of the previous survivors, but still has more to come it seems.Ratings:Fun: 9/10Visuals: 9/10Sounds: 10/10Playability: 8/10Development: 7/10Creature models and animation: 10/10Butt pucker when attacked by reaper leviathan: 11/10"
,Recommended,264710,22364792,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,The Entire Population of Canada,"Absolutely amazing. The visuals are beautiful, the game mechanics are mind-blowing, every thing about this game is amazing. I sit on the edge of my seat staring at the section where updates are shown, constantly refreshing my browser waiting for the next update. The developers of this game are geniuses. This game has been holding me back from playing all my other games and I enjoy every minute of it. To be honest, the concept in this game is awesome. Seriously, Science fiction mixed with survival with a little mystery sprinkled on top? Who could have thought of it? But seriously, thank you for making this game and keep up with the development!"
76561198046891058,Recommended,264710,24864937,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,classicshaun,"This is so fun, the joy of bossing around the predator fish that used to always try to taste me is unreal.  Not so tough now that I got a knife are you?"
76561198173220269,Recommended,264710,23637650,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,macgeek12,"This game is amazing at the least. Best underwater survival game, although you do have to have a pretty good computer to run it."
,Recommended,264710,22035428,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Spanners,"I would have to say that Subnautica is one of the most well crafted games that I have ever played.  For me, it's an example of a sandbox-style game done right.  As much as procedurally generated worlds are an amazing technical achievement, they lack what Subnautica has - a genuine attention to detail with regards to the world design.It doesn't stop there though.  The crafting system in the game is really, really well done.  Some folks might find it restrictive if they have come to appreciate building things at block and wall level, but I personally found it nice to build bases with at a slightly less granular level.Finally, it's been a long while since I've wanted to upgrade my gaming machine to get the best graphics experience possible.  In most cases, you will get slightly nicer shadows, or slightly more menacing looking zombies.  I think in the case of Subnautica the experience would be absolutely amazing with all the graphics maxxed out.All in all, a great game to add to your library!"
76561198142703486,Recommended,264710,31235322,Posted: 19 April,all,Jassaf,This is an extremly good deep sea adventure game with each new update reviling more of the story and just getting better.-multiplayer should be added to the.
76561198030779936,Recommended,264710,15493569,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,CaptSpock,"I find the game very enjoyable, much different than the Zed games i've been playing. i still get my looting and crafting fix. and the scenery is beautiful. This is another Early Access game that I find giving me what they promised. Thanks"
76561198202551165,Recommended,264710,30316209,Posted: 4 March,all,Lel,NICE GAME! :D
,Recommended,264710,22054019,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,EvelynWarden,"So I've sunk a few hours into this game, and I'm far from stopping. I've played over a dozen hours since the most recent update (Infection Update), and here's my updated review from the early days (first played over a year ago to today, 3/6/17):First of all, there are glitches, bugs and lag issues. There are game-breaking issues. There are freezes and corrupted save files, but these things are not abnormal for any kind of in-development game, and for the most part, it is not so inconvenient as it sounds. The developers are always hard at work to acknowledge and address any new or old bugs as quickly and as thoroughly as possible. If you want a complete game with no issues, wait a while, but come back. In its incomplete state there is more than enough content that compares with complete games. I appreciate more than ever when a development team remains competely engaged with it's audience, and Subnautica has absolutely done this.I was never concerned that the developers would abandon the project. My wariness was for the game not seeking it's full potential. I was happily surprised that this wasn't the case. There is constantly new things to explore in a vast environment. Take the game as slow or as quickly as you want, with survival limitations. Frustration comes from poor planning and unfamiliarity - seamless situations for an oceanic sandbox. Bright, popping colors lead you into a false sense of security. There's a reason this is often tagged with ""horror"" even though I could consider it more intensely creepy than scary. It's methodical but rarely boring as the fauna and flora keep you on your toes.Subnautica remains, in my mind, at the forefront of early access successes currently available to PC and the general gaming market. The developers are always clearly at work and unlike some abandoned, high potential early access games, Subnautica has definitely not been left in the dark. Daily updates on the busiest of times, large updates periodically and weekly. It's beautiful, it's eerie, it's imaginitive, it's frightening. 10/10 would recommend to anyone who enjoys survivalist, sandbox or simply unique games."
76561198237263000,Recommended,264710,30301428,Posted: 3 March,all,Killberman,"Although Subnautica is still in early access and there are things to improve on, it is overall a fantastic and unique game with fun to be had for a very long time."
,Recommended,264710,30299080,Posted: 3 March,all,Cybernetic,Early Access excellence.
,Recommended,264710,29972951,Posted: 16 February,all,HM1ms,Epic game.
,Recommended,264710,28770594,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Crab Lord,WeeooooWeeoooo... Videogame alert
,Recommended,264710,20623188,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,SpinHinix,This is a really amazing game!!!Its so amazing i love the this game so much!!It would be much fun to play if multiplayer was in the gameAnd i recommend this game!
76561198251638394,Recommended,264710,22869251,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,The Irish Monkey,"Good game but, when will they make multiplayer mode. That will be great."
,Recommended,264710,24895200,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Spongy,"AT the moment it is an OK game, you can get sucked into it and play it for hours... then... your outa stuff to do, i believe that if they add more weapons, multiplayer, and some events... that this game wil turn into somthing more than a pick it up... put it down exploration game"
76561197993608702,Recommended,264710,24881853,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Kaitto ⑨,"An exciting experience, would be even better with co-op."
76561198016675838,Recommended,264710,23417318,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Black Jack,Been playing Subnautica for almost... well when ever it came out and its the one survial game I keep coming back to. Sure you when a cooler survial game comes out they seem to get boring over time and I personally am a huge fan of survial games from the basic minecraft to the ever complex gaming of ARK survival evolved and so on.Im not sure what it is about subnautica but it keeps drawing me back even if its just for a quick 30 min of gameplay it always entertains no matter what you are doing at day or night in-game. The one thing that gets me going is that in the beginning there is a bit of grinding but nothing to worry about but once you got all the high tech toys you feel invincible but when you get to the hidden lower depths of the ocean you still get a bit squemish and hairs tends to stand on your neck because you are not the biggest fish in that ocean by far no matter what you got in your arsenal.
,Recommended,264710,31351868,Posted: 24 April,all,LightJesterr_,"This is hands down one of the most immersive and exciting game I've played. I haven't been this excited when playing a game in years. I've already put in 18 hours and I'm nowhere near done. So much to explore and so much to do, and none of it is boring or repetitive, but instead incredibly engaging and fun. Oh, and that moment when you look down into 200-300 meter depths and see a huge unknown figure swimming below you, is a feeling like no other."
76561198075458133,Recommended,264710,31427184,Posted: 28 April,all,Little Jailer,"Nice game! I enjoy this very much, but in game there is spots everywhere with 1 fps, lags alot also when loading new areas as you go forward.I hope they fix and optimize it better with time and remember its not even finished yet, they will add great stuff more to it.Thanks one of the best game  =.="
76561198019611897,Recommended,264710,25133765,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,eggplantpizzaa,Just keep swimming...
76561198189712558,Recommended,264710,24221538,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Aurora,Hey that's pretty good.
76561198006105206,Recommended,264710,25102262,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,arminty,"Such a great game!  Although with the new PRAWN update, I just found out that my previous saved game can't be fully brought forward into the new update.  So I am not sure why I spent all that time gathering supplies, building things, and hatching creatures just to have to start a brand new game.  Presumably this will be the case with the next update too, so I am not sure if there is a point to playing before it is fully released."
,Recommended,264710,29570410,Posted: 29 January,all,Jo,You can atcually watch plants grow. Its an amazing game.
,Recommended,264710,27935703,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Octave Symphony,"Great exploration and building game, fairly frequent updates introducing more interesting and atmospheric biomes, story is somewhat lacking but there's enough of it there so far in my opinion since the main point is exploration and base building. Both of those functions are functioning very well already and are just being expanded upon with every update."
76561198014322673,Recommended,264710,24071647,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Syth,"Let's be concise upfront before I get loquacious. This game has huge potential but hasn't been tapped much as of yet. There is still a lot here already, and well worth the purchase for fans of the survival genre of games. It's not really Minecraft in water but that's what everyone is going to say and it really sells this game a bit short. This game nails exploration in a way that few games can match, and the underwater environments are both visually breathtaking and wonderful to explore. The use of an underwater environment and limited oxygen make for the best gating mechanism I've ever had to pleasure of using in a game. In short this game to me is a must buy.Now onto the longer review. Starting with both the least and most important thing, graphics. This game looks fantastic most of the time, and has been receiving visual updates from the developer. I would expect that eventually it will look even better which is a joy to think about. The water in this game is easily some of the best, and in VR would probably be enough to make anyone with Aquaphobia rip the headset off. The only real complaint against the water is the transition effect between underwater and above water needs polishing. The boundary zone for it causes some fun glitches but can rip you out of what otherwise is an incredibly immersive experience (pun intended). Now the water isn't everything, although it makes up a large portion of the world. Yet, my favorite things visually are probably the heavy use of Bioluminescence in everything. Both the fauna and flora are amazingly well lit even in the depths of the ocean thanks to this. It feels like they basically took ""The Avatar"" (not airbender) movie visual themes and stuffed it underwater. The end result honestly blew my mind a little of the first night. While you can notice it during the day, the way the ocean lights up at night is near magical. This combined with incredibly solid art assets, and the game is full of eye-candy. However, like most things the art isn't all rainbows. The ground textures could use a bit of improvements and there is a lot of placeholder art still in game at this time. I have incredibly high hopes in regards to what the finished game will look like.Next topic, the gameplay. Now this is the most important part for me, and to me this isn't just mechanics/story but also includes performance. Thankfully this game is pretty decent for an early access title. The depth of the gameplay is enough to last most people for 10-20 hours with what is currently there. Unlike Minecraft, this games tech progression has a huge amount of room to grow. The idea of scanning 'fragments' of debris from the main ship is both simple and piratical as a progression.  Crafting unlocks as you acquire the needed raw material, which is a good thing since it shortens the menus early game, and what is there encourages you to find the resources to make them. There really isn't much of a tutorial in place yet, but I found myself able to get quite far without needing to look up the wiki for anything crafting related. There is still room to grow however, and I found that I struggled to find certain resources due to less than intuitive harvesting requirements. Resources aren't fully balanced yet, but I didn't find myself hating the rarity of anything other than lithium until I found some easy areas thanks to the wiki.Now onto the swimming/exploration. Let me start off by saying it again, this is the single most genius way of gating ever used in a game. I'm not going to comment on the balance of tech to dive depth, but using the tech tree to dive deeper gives you incredible motivation. The fact that you only hold so much oxygen means that your dive depth is less then half of your oxygen meter. This starts a very fun gameplay dance where you try to push as far as you can without dying of asphyxiation. The way this adds tension to every deep dive is enough to sometimes give me a heart attack. I won't spoil your first time through but let me say that if you're like me, the first time you're underwater and watch the oxygen tank hit 0 with 20 meters of water between you and air...I dare say you won't forget it.Late game is where the balance of gameplay really gets thrown off and where the limitations of the inventory system kick in. Nothing in this game stacks, which works both for and against the game design. Early game this limits you in very interesting ways. It forces a balancing act between the things you would want to carry like food, equipment and resources. It also stops you from getting in the ""collect everything"" habit that a lot of people get stuck into. This is because you can't hold it all and storage is at a premium early game. Sadly, late game you are rolling in resources, able to move around quickly, and have lots of toys you want to carry. This makes inventory management tedious, resource gather monotonous, and building a new underwater base a huge pain. While it doesn't quite break the game, it does wear at your spirit while playing. I'm not sure what the best solution to this is, but I would argue for some form of limited stacking to be added into the players inventory, and higher stacking counts to be allowed in storage objects. A expandable inventory for the player wouldn't go unwelcome either.Last and least sound. It's pretty good. Despite being called an audiophile due to researching the sound stage of my headphones, I'm not much into critiquing sound design. Overall I think they really nailed it, with some minor annoyances. The biggest one is probably the 'swim charge fins', which unsurprisingly charge batteries while you swim. The little whirl sound isn't so bad, and let's you know when you're going fast enough to use them. But I feel a charging icon would better serve in the display then the whirling sound. It also sounds terrible when an item dies and gets recharged only to die again and again. Only one devices (the SeaGlide) suffers from this but it's enough to mute the audio until you swap batteries. Otherwise the sound design feels very fitting and generally will save you, as most things that want to kill you have some great audio ques.Final note, mods. This game needs them, though it's hard to think if many mods could keep up with the art style used by the devs here."
,Recommended,264710,24072274,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,DAVID S PUMPKINS,"You know that moment when you're swimming in the ocean or a big lake and you look down and you just see endless black, and every fiber of your body is like ""NO NO NO NO""?This is that, but with a giant, compelling survival game attached to it. And that's saying something because ""compelling survival game"" is basically an oxymoron.(On the con side, there are a bunch of performance issues as of early July 2016. It's early access, so whatever, but still, something to be aware of. If you're covering ground, be ready for giant sections to suddenly pop in and for your frames to go to a slideshow for about five seconds or so at a time.)"
,Recommended,264710,23898296,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,VosDa033,"I love this game already, even though it is only in Early Access. A real recommendation if I say so myself."
76561198200891041,Recommended,264710,23590394,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Warlord22,I love this game its so fun but i wish it was multiplayer
,Recommended,264710,23232170,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Baal,"This is a very great VR game the only problem that i have is lag, so I was wondering if to creators of Subnautica could possibly change that so that it can help and there will be less lag. Other than that it is a great game."
76561198350566367,Recommended,264710,28622057,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BMTizzy,Subnautica is a beautiful ocean survival game. With plenty of creatures to discover & resources to find. It leaves your imagination open to countless possibilties on how to make it another day our there in the BIG BLUE. As you dip time into Subnautica you will find yourself crafting and becoming less afraid of the threatening creatures you first discovered. You'll be moved to search in the most darkest places just to upgrade you underwater base. Dive on in...
,Recommended,264710,28815771,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Baggins,"Everything about this game is good, except the fact that, there is still no Multiplayer?!, i wish there was a multiplayer feature, anyways, very good game"
,Recommended,264710,29263068,Posted: 14 January,all,Karvlok,"I'm not sure I can add anything to a positive review about Subnautica that others haven't already so I'll just say that the only reason I would stop enjoying this game was if it turned into No Man's Lie in the end and collapsed in on itself. This is a positive review, don;t get me wrong, but here are the finer points of the bad so you judge for yourself.- LAG- defending yourself is a ♥♥♥♥♥- LAG- still in development so once you follow the story to its' current build...you minecraft- did I say it yet? LLLLAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGG (can be fixed, but I'm not happy that a player had to fix it rather than the devs)"
,Recommended,264710,29213646,Posted: 12 January,all,zeraphil,"I won't make this sound like a shill post, as there are some definite downsides, so cons first. Early Access, so things like this can go terribly at any time. Additionally, there are bugs, such as not being able to open lockers which drives me CRAZY, or your knife suddenly disappearing from your hand (how is this still a bug guys).Some quirks of the game, such as extremely short O2 capacity in tanks (a minute per tank, tops), is annoying given how SCUBA systems work, but I think it's necessary for game balance and fun, given that you move much quicker through water.However.This is the most believable, immersive world in a survival game. Period. I own 350+ Steam titles, played through most. I've been playing for some 20 years and I've never seen a game that made me feel so connected to it. It is a strange feeling, the way the fish move, and scurry from you, the sounds of the depths, the sheer terror of watching a shallow precipitate into a deep you cannot reach. The game is pseudo randomly generated, but it comes together in a way that makes it hard to believe. The experience is magical. The colors, the water effects, that way light pierces the shallows but then fails at the depths.This is not a game about combat (refreshing to some extent). There are many creatures that want to kill you, and you have very limited ways of fighting back, if at all. This makes for some extremely terrifying sequences, especially when one of such creatures sneaks up on you to take a bite. On occasions, I've been stressed more in this game than most horror titles. But then I find my way back to my seabase, stuck snuggly between coral reefs.The crafting is satisfying and believable, and the focus on the ""science"" part of it makes the game's lore rich and varied. This is a game about exploration, discovery, and the dreading feeling that you may be stuck here forever, so might as well make it your legacy.If this sounds interesting to you, then buy it. There is more game here than No Man's Sky, Rust, or Day Z. You don't need the dreadful player to player interactions that plagues most ""survival"" games. You've had plenty of those already. You need to be transported to another place, and this is a game that accomplishes just that."
,Recommended,264710,30206467,Posted: 26 February,all,Medium-Sized Underweight Pumpkin,9/10 Can make bleach but can't drink it
76561198124503338,Recommended,264710,30220058,Posted: 27 February,all,King Crowley,"Amazing game a game you can spend hours on building in creative or playing in survival exploring in this game is amazing once you get so far down there is awesome stuff to see down there.the developers work hard on this game and listen to the community, this game is still bugs out a lot but what you would expect in a early access game but besides the bugs you encounter sometimes and still an amazing game cant wait tell the full release of the game and see what they do with subnautica then."
76561198260060307,Recommended,264710,29827188,Posted: 10 February,all,_Galatrax_,"Love the game only improvement is a few minor bugs and less lag when loading in, but if you looking for a great game you can stop looking cause you have found it right here its a 10/10"
76561198144621619,Recommended,264710,23276782,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Kaprisun,Amazing game with amazing devs. I just wish that you could change the gamemode in your worlds.
,Recommended,264710,22412551,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,CherryBerry,nice and recommended game
76561198253145104,Recommended,264710,22379934,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Cubix,i just got this game like a week ago and im already loveing it! i recommend this game to inyone with the time/$ for it.
76561197994541417,Recommended,264710,24072744,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,blackshanis,"""9...9...9...9...9...9 hour until arrival.""I decided to write this review after I encountered a new (to me) white snake thingy that was bigger than my current base, and made me say ""Nope. Neeewp. Whole big fat ocean full of nope"" as I sped away on my mini-sub.I purchased this game almost exactly one year ago. I played it then, and it was a beautiful experience. The underwater world held wonder and fear in equal measure. The crafting and survival aspects of the game were entertaining enough that I played until I had my very own sub.But that was pretty much it back then.I picked it up again, wanting to see if the devs were keeping up with the game. I was shocked! Shocked, I say. The amount of content added, the improvements made, the expanded world and a quest system. The pacing has also been improved. No longer will it take only a few hours to get the Cyclops blue print. I've been playing for a while now, and still don't have the pieces. Exploring the crashed ship, the beacons (which lead to some really amazing sights), the sometimes extensive and dangerous cave systems are all a tense delight. And I feel like I have only just scratched the surface.I recommend this game to anyone who has ever played a game with the dreaded ""water level"" that you hate. This game will help you get over that hatred of water. Or it will drive you mad. Either way... Worth it!"
76561198114381164,Recommended,264710,22382631,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,partner1234,"Ventures off to explore the wreckage for the first timeLeaves seamoth to go look at something,turns around to see seamoth carried off by reaper levaithonRIP seamoth #110/10"
,Recommended,264710,24855392,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,fauxset,is really deep underwaterget attacked by a sand sharkscreamssays subnautica is spookyfriends make memes out of it for the next year20/10 would do it again.
76561198046255447,Recommended,264710,24067715,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,That Silver Tongued Bastard,"8/10Pros+3 - Atmospheric AF+2 -Didn't skip on the difficulty, but it feels fair+1 - Did the Ocean Justice, You are always exploring and finding new places+2 - Gameplay is unique and inventive, before this game I used to hate underwater sections in games, but now I feel like this set the standard for aquatic sections in games to comeCons-1 - Can be Glitchy at times, but never broke on me, it was just miner things like clipping issues and physics (How a storage Crate moves an Escape pod and almost makes the thing drown is beyond me)-1 - Honestly I feel like the game could do well with some co-op survival, Completely optional but Truly would be an improvement, because a lot of my friends have the game, but we just wish we could play it together.Final RulingHonestly a good game, It does atmosphere, gameplay, and exploration justice in a setting most games would dread. I highly recomend this game to anyone who wants a new experience in single player survival without subscribing to generic ""Crafting Survival Gameplay"". This game truly made me rethink aquatic sections in games and I hope to see much more of this game in the future."
76561197961226106,Recommended,264710,24076493,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kentageon,"I've not been pulled in this hard by a game in a very very long time. Worth every penny, and then some."
,Recommended,264710,25188582,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[W]orldseries,Better than No Man's Sky and 1/4th the price. Buy this and it wont be a mistake.
,Recommended,264710,21469113,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Your Archnemesis Tom,"Try deconstructing a window.Glitch through wall.End up outside my seabase.Game still thinks I'm inside.Start walking around ocean floor.Looking for a way to die so I'll respawn.Can't find anything.Finally find something at the bottom of the ocean.Game still thinks I'm in my seabase so the thing ignores me.Realize this isn't going to work.Save and quit, hoping to be put back in sea base.Reload.Still in same spot.Glitch through floor.Fall forever.Still can't drown.My only hope for this file is dehydration.Still 10/10 this game is so going to be so good."
,Recommended,264710,21952834,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,𝓜𝓸𝓼𝓵𝓮𝔂  𝓕,Lost contact with friendsBuilt Basebuilt seamothwent to plains to make second basedrowned 3 timeswent to grand reefgot jumpscared to♥♥♥♥♥♥by the big thinglost 6 diamonds and 4 uranium and lithiumcried in base=> Great game 10/10
,Recommended,264710,23911984,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DeadlyLampshade,The Sandsharks sound like lions.10/10
,Recommended,264710,24047994,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[EoD] Lachance,"This game is the first of my 240 steam lib to drive me to leave a review for. I picked it up for the summer sale and I put these 30 hours in over the first 3 days. It is absoulutely amazing and unique. There were a few minor bugs, but nothing that interupted gameplay, and it is early access. The game has a small story built in which is nice copared to other similar genre games. It cetered to my love of base building and resource managment but also scared the hell out of me with some of the creatures, and being stuck way to deep exploring. 800m down and lost in a cave looking for your sub is NOT a good time.. It has a lot of cool customizable options for your base and vehicles which is nice and the progression feels natural, not forced leaving you to do pretty much whatever you want to focus on (base building, farming) and when ready you can try and move to a new zone. Lots to explore, and each zone unique. Soundtrack is very nice to have in the back ground and varies based on zone. Id happily pay more then $13 for this game. No multiplayer, and no set answer on if/when but I still played with a friend just sharing screens as we played so still fun with a friend or solo. You will not regret buying this game"
76561198144692842,Recommended,264710,24027126,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,jamesbrocool,This is the best game i have ever played. It has great graphics and is fantastic at running on my pc. When i play this it gives me a sense of enjoyment. Thank you so muck developers for creating this game!!!
,Recommended,264710,23838563,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,GalaXis-,All it needs it multiplayer.
,Recommended,264710,23656587,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,KEK LF 2v2 gold,Stop reading click the buy button helps get  the gaming moving along! Also we need Co-op play plz!
,Recommended,264710,22150482,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,vortexian,"I'm a fan of horror games, but this game has more jump scares then my entire library combined.10/10 hold me"
,Recommended,264710,22506979,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Nik0lai,The only good early access game in exsistence
,Recommended,264710,25293944,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,chuntttttt,Absolutely incredible game.
76561198200570314,Recommended,264710,24348581,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,TheMissfitTestSubject,"So, Subnautica, ey? If you're reading this, you're probably wondering if you should buy this game, or at least curious. Well, if you've got the hardware, Subnautica is TOTALLY WORTH IT! Now, let me answer some questions that some people might be asking about Subnautica:Q: What sets this game apart from other ocean survival games like Stranded Deep?A: Almost everything, and I could go on and on about it, but, that would kinda be a spoiler for all of the gameplay surprises, wouldn't it? In my opinion, what sets Subnautica apart from Stranded Deep is the Realism factor. SD is based off a real life event that can ocurr, however, because of this, the game can become less fun because of the real life elements that make-believe scenarios help us escape. However, Subnautica has the perfect balance of Real and Not Real.Q: But look at the first picture with that weird snake thing! How can this game be the perfect balance of Realism and Fairytale?!A: Well, it is a survival game, so you have certain needs you need to take care of or death is imminent. You must eat and drink, but instead of just normal food, the game has exotic alien flora and fauna to gather, hunt, and consume! You can even create a fish tank to breed more fish to have at your disposal in your underwater base!Q: I don't know, is there anything funny to the game?A: There's an item litteraly called an Acid Mushroom, what more could you want?!All in all, I highly reccomend this game! In my personal oppinion, it's also really fun to watch a game develop and grow! This game (as far as I know) is updating quite frequently so there's usually new content to explore and experiment with! Totally worth the $20 asking price! :steamhappy:"
,Recommended,264710,19815088,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Tythekingrs47,"Subnautica is a good game but it's TERRIFYING. I mean like never EVER go to the jellyshroom biome at night time. Subnautica will give you nightmares even if you play it in the summer, outdoors, at noon, while surrounded by friends and family. This game is cool if you like being scared kinda like FNAF but easier. It is open world and survival with some crazy looking alien sea creatures so you could see where I am coming from when I say it is scary. And when I say alien sea creatures I mean ALIEN SEA CREATURES. Not like some weird looking sea creature like that weird Jelly blob monster caught on camera in the deep waters of the Gulf of Mexico (search that up by the way). No I mean alien like different planet alien...because this game is set on an uncharted planet. Once again I will say that this game is fun but scary. You just need to watch out for the things that can grab you that are currently in the game such as the Crabsnake or Reaper Leviathan. Also the is a button that you could press to bring up a menu that allows you to enable the console which you could use to give yourself items and spawn creatures and vehicles. I forget which button but I know it is somewhere close to F5 or F7."
,Recommended,264710,27222351,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IsraBrine,"Wonderful game. Updated every couple of months, with hotfixes here and there, extremely responsive developers. It's like a new adventure-or horror game- everytime you dive back into the depth of that ocean. I love the game and hope you do to."
76561197973716285,Recommended,264710,26764055,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Slie,"One of the most beautiul and terrifying games out there.  Can't wait to see it finished, but plenty to do and see now with updates on a monthlyish basis.  Well reccomended."
,Recommended,264710,25219821,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,xFiction,"Absolutely love this game. Simple exploration, not excessively difficult. Hours and Hours of fun exploration, mapping, and simple base building that allows for very cool bases."
,Recommended,264710,27488467,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PineAppleFart,"Subnautica is one of the best atmospheric games I have ever played. Once I pick this game up, I can never stop. One thing I have to say though, I definetly reccommend playing this game knowing next to nothing about it. The real thrill of the game is not knowing what that weird sound was or if this sea creature is about to rip you limb from limb. Eventaully you will learn about everything, yet the devs keep adding more and more, so there is always more to be scared about. Also, the sequences that happen in this game are amazing, and the graphics are the same way. That is why I have nominated this game for the Steam 'WHOOAAAAAAA, DUDE!"" award."
,Recommended,264710,28232896,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,<(:NARUTO UZUMAKI:)>!!!,Highly rcommended for those who love open world games and have the reccomended requerments to run this game as it is beautiful!!!!
76561198123777095,Recommended,264710,29449320,Posted: 23 January,all,TD Defiler,really good game. i would recommend
76561198011942575,Recommended,264710,30591160,Posted: 18 March,all,Bohij,I'm unashamed to admit I played this game for 14 hours straight when I got it. This is an exploration game in the truest sense of the word. It's so unlike anything else in the best way possible. I can't even articulate how beautiful and alien the world of Subnautica is. It's genuinely beautiful.
,Recommended,264710,23890658,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,L E O N E R D I O,"This game is amazing,lots of things to explore,unlock and overall beautiful graphics. It lags a bit for me when loading terrain but its mostly due to me playing on a potato dual core CPU."
,Recommended,264710,31606069,Posted: 7 May,all,Wrell,"This is one of my favorite games!I love the open world feel of the game, and also that it is constantly updated. How ever, they seem to have a big problem with the game not working well on Macs and the issue seems to be from the caching. There is a way to fix it, but it requires you to delete the game caches everytime.If they can fix that issue, than I would give this a a perfect rating. I highly recommend playing this game!"
,Recommended,264710,31633349,Posted: 8 May,all,Venomaxiv,One of best games ive bought.I have insane climate. Awesome graphics. And is reaaly addicting.
76561198028516714,Recommended,264710,14887763,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Aislinn Hema,this game is so cool  fun to swim around  and build stuff      they just need somthing you can fight sea creatures with  more then a stasis gun  XD
,Recommended,264710,29003510,Posted: 4 January,all,16-bit destruction,"Great game, it's fun to see this game and it's community to grow. I think it's pretty underrated"
,Recommended,264710,20362824,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,GalYurr,"Very promising early access so far.  Looks/runs/sounds great.  Updates have been good and added lots of great stuff.  Crafting and building are simple.  Looking foward to future updates and the full release, even without mp."
76561198077350414,Recommended,264710,15456261,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,MrHamSandwich,Died of radiation from a crashed spaceship within first 5 minutes of gameplay10/10 Would Radiate to Death Again
76561197995142404,Recommended,264710,23319961,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Sarxis,"What a beautiful, emmersive, original, exciting world they have created!  The art, the content, the mystery and suspense are one of a kind in Subnautica.  More than fun - it is a true digital adventure."
76561198145863074,Recommended,264710,17274958,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,nighthawk20498,great game it says that my computer is not good enough but it runs without any problems realy good spending of my money
76561198285199613,Recommended,264710,23121144,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,cibonay05,This game is amazing. Strong buy.
,Recommended,264710,23097013,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Equilibrium,"The game is currently in development and most likely will be for some time, yet it is still probably the best underwater survival game to date. If you have a fear of oceans, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,264710,23219167,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,The Creeper Gal Queen,it is a great game even in development you should really play it
76561198105806821,Recommended,264710,19625256,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Summer Kim,"what a nice game!I totally recommend this gamebut if I can make own name of my beacons, it would be betteryes that's my suggestion God. developer :)"
76561198110477365,Recommended,264710,17671810,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Tumnusmusic,"This game is one of a kind. It's everything you wish minecraft/the long dark/everything else was but isn't. Not to say those games are bad I've spent an embarrising amount of time on both, but this game takes the freaking cake. It's terrifying, time sucking, beautiful, and satisfying. The artwork is amazing and the all around quality of the game and its put togetherness makes you trust the developers with their own game, which is not something I can say with many games. There's always that fear that all the people crying out for multiplayer will be listened too but I trust that they'll make the right decision because this game is too perfect. And even if they did, the fact that I can spend 30 hours on a game that's in early access says volumes in and of itself."
,Recommended,264710,30718124,Posted: 24 March,all,Seismic_Warrior,super-fun 11/10 keeps you up for hours. is still in early acess but lag is minimal if your computer is decent. 100% recommended. a great story-based open-world survival game.
,Recommended,264710,31760724,Posted: 14 May,all,ChitterChatter,"Subnautica is a take on the survival genre, although it's still early access, it's seen a lot of polish and finesse.If you don't like deep waters, like myself, you'll still love this game. The desire to gather resources, expand your base and find new blueprints is a great motivator for exploring deeper and more dangerous waters.Things can feel slow at first since you may not be really sure what to do. I went through the same thing not know much about the game, but that adds to the fun as you learn where to farm certain resources and the sense of awe and intimidation when finding a new area.The story isn't finished, but it's there for the most part.The bad thing about this game is that its still unpolished in the optimization for pc. Even with a high end rig you can still expect to get framerate drops. And the occasional bug can plague you from time to time. These can vary from minor to almost unplayable. BUT most of these issues have been buffed out, they just have a small chance of occuring.A definite pick if you want to chill for a few hours, have a drink and soak in the atmosphere of an alien water world."
,Recommended,264710,32919496,Posted: 28 June,all,✪ ScuffyD,played 1.8hrs in the last 10 mintues of that 1.8hrs i pooped my pants after a ♥♥♥♥ING BIG♥♥♥♥♥FISH thing came out of no where hate the ocean not knowing whats below.DO I RECOMEND THIS GAME OFC I DO 10/10
76561198047617975,Recommended,264710,32081489,Posted: 31 May,all,MattyHchrist,"Stumbled across this game in the store and the screenshots alone had me sold. This is truly a special game, it has so much content, especially for the price. This game is about surviving in an alien world but also being a part of it. You don't go around blasting creatures, instead the game has no real lethal weapons. You must hide, sneak, or just outrun the scarier sea monsters. This makes for a very unique playstyle and I'm glad the devs have stuck by their 'guns' and not implemented weapons, as that is what makes Subnautica feel so different. It is a joy to explore the alien world and at times it can be truly terrifying. If you enjoy exploration, crafting, building then there is a lot to love here.*As it is in early access do not expect this game to run perfectly, frame rate drops and texture pop-in are to be expected, no matter how powerful your PC is*"
76561198322620407,Recommended,264710,32860495,Posted: 27 June,all,Edgarky,"Subnautica is something not easily forgotten. Not many games are so memorable, so unique, so immersive and so awesome like this.Nothing much to say about this game except that its a unique masterpiece.10.000.000 out of 10."
,Recommended,264710,25032586,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Mayhem,"／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　　　　　　　　,）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)after 14 days of swimming..."
76561198034887431,Recommended,264710,23850476,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Weaponized Autism,"{{{{{{{DISCLAIMER: ALL OF THIS IS OPINION-BASED AND I HAVE NOTHING AGAINST THE DEVS}}}}}}I can't say I like it, but I like where it's going as a Early Access game. I think it's missing something. maybe it's because I don't have a VR, or maybe it's because there are no guns or some elements are missing. Maybe its the slowness of the potato I call a computer that I own. Either way these things make the game a meh that will forever rest in peace in my Library of 100+ games. I just never got into it as I couldn't craft anything because they don't tell you how. They don't lead you into the game, more or less drop you off with a few tips that they call a ""tutorial."" Of course theres a few sources out there to get your information for the game but it really isn't worth it, because finding resources isn't that rewarding (in my opinion.) You can't play the normal mode nonetheless the hardcore mode (or whatever it's called) due to the fact that, well it's hard without the knowledge.Now to the good things. THE IDEA: the idea of the game is pretty creative. Your spaceship crash lands into the oceans of what I presume is Earth (although with all the alienlike creatures it could be a different planet) and your character must survive off of the supplies of his crash pod and the HUGE ocean that lies beneath him. Movement is fluid (no joke there 0_0) and it feels like you really are swimming in the ocean. As for the graphics, they're really nice. It doesn't run that fast on my computer, but it runs alright on the low settings I HAVE to use. I honestly recommend it for those who love the ocean, and for those who are scared of the ocean and its depths, mainly because it's a way to adventure throughout the deep abyss you always wanted to venture into, but couldn't find the balls to do so (no offense).Although I dislike the game as it is right now because of my knowledge and how it is lacking, and because of how I just can't get that into it, I still enjoy it as a sandbox in sandbox mode (shocker). I'll give it a solid 7/10 when on my good side."
,Recommended,264710,33145018,Posted: 2 July,all,kidwuf,"There are two sides to this game: the good side and the bad. The good side is that it is an ever evolving game thanks to constant developement on it. The bad side is that bugs do tent to show up due to this constant development. But, looking past the bugs this is a really good game for those that love games like Minecraft and other open world builder/survival games."
76561197983110973,Recommended,264710,33012344,Posted: 29 June,all,=7Cav=CPL.Variable.A,"I first got this game for my 11 year old son. He loves it and it got my attention. I must say playing it over 20 hours, this game is simply great. I cant believe I paid under 10$ for it. I had spend 5 times more for games not even half as good. People who enjoy crafting and survival will not be disappointed."
76561198158769373,Recommended,264710,33114763,Posted: 1 July,all,R!SE | SaXo,10/10
76561198326557323,Recommended,264710,33136570,Posted: 2 July,all,Mystic,"Honestly, i had seen people play this game before and it looked meh......BUT!!! when i bought this for myself it is amazing, the music kicks in at just the right moments to make the game scary and you never run out of things to do next! There is so much to explore, the ONLY downside is that this game tends to lag quite a bit, but its in early access( at time of writing) so it may not be so once the game is out."
,Recommended,264710,33037850,Posted: 30 June,all,ZwenktUit,Went to an islandSaw a big teleporting fishSwam away10/10
,Recommended,264710,33039810,Posted: 30 June,all,HrottiPharmD,"The conintual updates have made this game more enjoyable, there are still a few bugs but they are becoming less and less frequent."
,Recommended,264710,33185918,Posted: 3 July,all,Zocity,"Subnautica is simply a great and visually stunning video game, from the first moment where you start your underwater adventure in the safe shallows to venturing deeper into the great dark you are continually bombarded with beautiful sights of your enviroment and the beings that live there.The gameplay is well thought out and the mechanics are very satisfying, and even though the game is only in Early Access the main mechanics feel solid, altough there are ofcourse some parts that can be a bit annoying and frustrating. The base building system in the game looks and behaves great and really let's your fantasy roam free.The vehicles in the game are also very enjoyable to control and the way that you find the blueprints for them and their upgrades is very unique.The story part of the game is delivered to you in a very dynamic way that keeps it from feeling like you're being spoonfed the information, you actually get to figure things out on your own and fill out the blanks in whatever way you choose. The full story isn't done yet but the parts that are done are quite interesting and there are some good twists in there aswell.All in all i think this is a great game with alot to offer even at this stage, as a player you can choose to indulge in the story or you can simply roam around playing it like a sandbox game building and scavenging. What ever way you choose to play you are gonna have a good time!"
76561198124777647,Recommended,264710,24800157,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,"Ok, but this one is a hoot.","-Endless potential-great soundtrack and performance-neat graphics-amazing exploration and beautiful scenery-high quality audioThese are just some of the things that makes this game great. The graphics are simple but are also very detailed (e.g. the metal in rooms, hallways etc. is mainly just white, but it is high quality and reflective which is cool). The scenery takes a whole new level of awesome when night comes though. Everything lights up and all you can see in the dark is glowing corals and eyes. When I first heard a Reefback, I was both terrified but also in awe because it sounds quite real. Overall, this game can be a bit tedious at times, but the exploration is never bland. This game also has tons of potential since it is still in early access but the developers have tons of ideas for what to add."
76561198000404688,Recommended,264710,33153148,Posted: 2 July,all,Emm Pitt,"This game is progressing very well and is a great combination of beautiful exploration, survival and building.  A few minor issues in the early stage do not detract from its playability."
76561198135532054,Recommended,264710,28484690,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Big Smoke,"This game is really good. There are tons of things to explore and there's a lot of scary creatures, but that what make the game great. After the latest update, I keep getting crash, so it would be a lot better if you fix it."
,Recommended,264710,23033584,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Slurgi,"I have never played a game with an ocean that seemed so realistic, it really does feel limitless. And the crafting system for building habitats and vehicles works really well.This is easily the best and most memorable indie game I have ever bought on steam. The developers are doing great things with this game."
,Recommended,264710,16667163,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Lukas,"This game is really good!So much potential!Looking forward to all the funture updates!If the Devs keep up this quality of work.....i have no words :DKKEP IT UP UNKNOWN WORLDS ENTERTAINMENT!(PROUD TO SAY THIS GAME IS GETTING FAR BETTER EACH UPDATE!)(also add trading cards please) :DUPDATE!AS OF THE NEW UPDATE, THIS GAME HAS BECOME ONE OF THE BEST LOOKING GAMES I HAVE EVER PLAYED! PROPS TO THE DEVS!"
76561198060079569,Recommended,264710,15042106,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Nelag,"LET ME WARN YOU BY SAYING THIS GAME IS STILL IN VERY EARLY ACCESS!With that said, this game has an abundance of game mechanics already.  There are many things to craft and many resources to collect.  This game already has vehicles, base building and crafting.PROS -*Good and easy to learn crafting system*Tons of exploration and adventure to be had, at some moments your jaw will hit the floor*The theme and style of this game is awesome*Diverse crafting system and base building system*Natural incentives to keep going, like building submarines and upgrading your baseCONS -*Random crashes*MAJOR FPS drops when first loading a big saved world*Low resolution icons and UI*Some resources can be very hard to findConclusion -I would whole heartedly recommend this game, it has tons of cool places to explore and the atmosphere is incredible.  While there are some stability issues, hopefully that will change as the game keeps going in its development life cycle.  This game is relaxing, awe-inspiring and can be tense sometimes.8/10"
76561198080073556,Recommended,264710,15039110,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Zoltan,"Very refreshing game in the survival genre, really enjoyable at this early stage and very promising for definitive release.I recommend it warmly."
76561198042509557,Recommended,264710,15014055,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,TremendousWall,"Seriously one of the most immersive games I've ever played. Lots of fun, and development seems quick. Great game!I rate 7.5-8/10, buy it now!"
,Recommended,264710,31358756,Posted: 25 April,all,PoopHat,"While I am not one for writing reveiws, I felt the need to after purchasing this game and playing 2 hours of it. I personally would have paid sixtey dollars, unfortunately, I would never have gotten the game, because I have no job and am 14, however if I had the money, it would have been a quick buy because I had no doubts about the quality of this game, I recomend this highly."
76561198049874703,Recommended,264710,31359213,Posted: 25 April,all,Loerpert,"I've watched this game passively since its launch. During the 50% off i decided to buy it. It's not very often that a game makes me want to play more and more, but Subnautica has succeeded in doing this. This game does not have a huge amount of content like for instance ARK has, but the level of detail is astonishing. That makes it atleast as fun to play. You really feel like someone surviving in an alien sea.I'll list some pros and cons:Pros:- Level of detail- Good UI and controls feel nice- Basebuilding and vehicles- nice creatures- Really nice ambiance- Sound designThere's probably alot more on smaller scaleCons:- No multiplayer/Coop (hopefully in Subnautica 2)- Some things are a bit to easy to get- Still quite some bugs- Framerate drops"
,Recommended,264710,15315191,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Adrien Remaz,"I bought this very early on in development. It wasn't much fun then. Not much to do, habitat building didn't interest me very much. But a couple years later I came back to find an amazing game with deep story, expansive world, and varied fauna and flora. It's not a game about killing everything you see, it's about getting killed by everything you don't see. This is why I totally wouldn't mind a lethal weapon or two to fend off the agressive fauna without getting too close.It is a really fun game. The world is semi-procedurally generated meaning it's not the same world every playthrough but the main structures and biomes are always in the same place. This makes it a new experience for every new habitat and a survival challenge."
76561198191266115,Recommended,264710,16527089,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,hamdenoscar,Best Underwater sea game ever
,Recommended,264710,16630832,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Albert Einstein,"Low on materials, I desided to head out over deep ocean to find more lithium and quartz. After about 10min of gathering materials I hear a loud low bellowing cry. I turn around and see a f***ing gigantic squid thing. It appears to be harmless. After looking at the creature for a couple min I head back down to the ocean floor to gather more resources. Looking to my left i see sand being disturbed. Thinking nothing of it i continue to gather materials. 3 sec later All I see are the jaws of a f***ing sand shark. Never s*** my pants as fast in this game then any horror game. 10/10 would go back to kill the f***er. Though bugs are somewhat annoying nothing so bad as to kill your gameplay."
,Recommended,264710,24373958,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Jahveen47,"I really like the concept of how in order to progress in technology, you need better and better resources. And to find these resources, you need to explore deeper and deeper into the ocean. And the deeper you go, the bigger and stronger the creatures get.I think the developers should continue working on this concept. There should be more of an element of fear to exploring. Bigger creatures, more generated structured, abysesses, and more ways of putting fear into the players.Overall, a really fun game and unique to other voxel-based survivals."
,Recommended,264710,29593781,Posted: 30 January,all,BAMps,"awesome game, a must have for sure."
,Recommended,264710,14239164,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,thezorch,"There is another undersea survival game calledFarSky, but there are vast differences. The focus of Subnautic is on survival and exploration, while FarSky is on escape and actually penalizes you for exploring too far from your base. Since you can't reach the surface to replenish your air, you can't explore too far from your first base, and this is where Subnautica differs significantly.You've got full freedom to explore the ocean realm around you. You feel as if you are in an alien sea teaming with life. Content wise there isn't to do other than some crafting of items and tools, but Unknown Worlds has big plans for this game. Its hard to imagine a game this polished is still in Alpha. There is definitely room for improvement, and the game has boundless potential for the future.I've been wanting a game where I can explore the dark depths of the sea, and this is could be what I've been waiting for."
,Recommended,264710,21902975,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Marybelle,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIstCXMMXS0Gameplay footage.I wish I could play more of this, but it genuinely scares me. Atmospheric and well done, with lots of promise!"
76561198099699311,Recommended,264710,29892291,Posted: 12 February,all,Kirisame Marisa Real,"总算是有了一款关于海底巨兽的游戏，虽然他的主题是生存探索，但这并不影响我对巨兽的渴望，优化能好点就好了（7/10）Finally, I find a game which involved the the deep sea monsters, eventhough it has some bug, and the optimization all not very well, it is still a good  game for me to explore those monsters. (7/10)"
,Recommended,264710,15476166,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,n00bmobile,"Amazing Game. Recommended!After playing Subnautica for a while, I noticed that the game is beautiful and extremely diverse for an Alpha. The game has problems, don't buy it unless you have a beast PC. The game is NOT optimized yet! FPS Drop is your best friend when loading parts of the map. The game is still in Alpha, think well before buying it! It has a lot of things to do for now, don't buy the game and get mad about it just because it's crashing and blablabla, It's Alpha and you've been warned several times.P.S: The developers of this game are amazing! Count on them to help you."
,Recommended,264710,16780917,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Huntrag94,"I'm not the best at doing reviews but I'm gonna try my best....Subnautica is a game that does Early Access correctly for the devolpers give a crap about this game I mean the updates take a while but that's how it should be with an Early Access game for and this game has some of the coolest looking fishes I've ever seen such as bonesharks, Reefbacks, and the Reaper Leviathan's are probaly some of the coolest and creepiest looking fishes in game anyways I'll update this after a few updates have been added to Subnuatica"
76561198149530002,Recommended,264710,21907640,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Lord_Willis,"A bit buggy, but a good game"
,Recommended,264710,25424248,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,J2310,"I fairly recommend this singleplayer game to anyone who loves exploring and creating and is a huge fan of Open-World games. The flaws of this game are few and this is only because, in this period of time that i'm writing this review, is in early access. It also makes the player feel frightend at times, mostly when starting playing this game making it a nice kind-of horror game. I've played this game for like 12 hours and I'm already loving it and would love to support the developers make the game better untill the exit of its early access phase, and if more people do so it will become a work of great quallity. Totally worth the 20 euros."
,Recommended,264710,17396336,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Nick15104,Subnautica is probably one of the best games i've played it is very realistic and you can make really awesome stuff as well as the awesome submarine (cyclops) and the cool mini sub that guys inside of it is a really cool feature exceapt there could be a bit more stuff to build without needing blueprints other then that this game is AWESOME!
76561197980523260,Recommended,264710,21285378,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Stone_Templar,"I like survival games, so I may be biased, but I can't help but have dreams of building sea habitations. This game is fantastic in so many ways. From the moment you are tossed out into the ocean the survival ticker starts off. I find hardcore thrilling. Every cave is a risk, every hunting trip the potentially last one, every meter deeper a meter further from the air above.It grips me like other survival games do not. I get a huge, nasty sunken pit in my stomach as I go deeper into the dark, as the lights dim, as the blackness swallows the view of the surface. This game is half the time not ""fun"" to play, it is engrossing, it is nerve wracking, and constantly throws my adrenalin through the roof. What more could you ask for in a survival game?It is early access, remember that. Lots is missing and will add so much to the game when it is put in place. There is no end game yet, no ""win"" and there is no spawning loot so there is only so long you an survive afaik. Even still, it's a gripping, thrilling ride, and well worth the money.I can only assume with proper workshop support the number of lifeforms, biomes, and tools could become really endless.It is lacking co-op, which I understand the difficulty of, but at the same time, feel it will add an entire new layer to the game, though also remove some stress. There is something quite disturibing about being down there all alone, perhaps why I want co-op so bad, haha.All in all, if you like exploring, surviving at all. Get it. If the ocean, the deep, or thallasaphobia disturbs you, get it. It's an extremely fun, intense way to push those fears without actually drowning.Graphic quality: 8/10Art Style:           10/10 (wow)Story:                 5/10 (Early access - little can be ""done"" on the crashed ship, or to rebuild and leave, etc, mostly a sandbox)Pacing of story: n/aCustomization: 6/10 (subs can be colored, upgraded, would like to see more items/buildables/coloring tools for bases)Mod ease:         1/10 (no workshop or mod support at the moment, afaik)Gameplay:         9/10 (actions, ships for the most part very smooth and fluid, some wierd bugs still re; flying subs)Good Ending:    n/a (still early access)Difficulty of game: 7/10 (For non survival vets this could be more difficult)Voice Quality:   8/10 (nice robotic base voice)Music soundtrack: 7/10 (could use more tracks, but the quality of them is high)Sounds: 9/10 (big part of the experience, hearing the rush of water around you as you scramble for the surface)Price of game: 9/10 (great time to get it early access around $20, well worth it)Fun: 10/10 (I love it, it's so captivating when you play, you are no longer here, you are down there)Replayability 6/10 (once you learn to survive and explore it all you are left wanting more, mods will help this)"
,Recommended,264710,24282135,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ImHelping,"The Survival game where ""No traditional weapons"" does not mean ""Ineffectual constantly starving victim""The fact the Devs are openly saying ""Nah, you should be able to make predators stop ****ing with you.  It's a bug they keep chasing you after you electrocute/gas/Physics gun them in the face"" even while in their mindset of no spearguns or tridents does a lot for my optimism in the overall design.I have been consistently pleasantly surprised to see all the little bits that are clearly favoring ""This is a video game"" over ""Realism = Tedium"". Which is more impressive for a game holding ""No undersea rambo"" as a hard design choice, as usually you'd expect that kind of mindset to bleed over into making you an ineffectual constantly starving victim as long as possible. I'm not usually one for the sandbox survival genre but I'm glad I got thisSo my only real concerns for the game are if it gets proper optimization work instead of a ""Good enough for a small team"" pass over it. The Cyclops turns tanking FPS bug has just killed my enthusiasm for setting up extra bases or exploring for the hell of it, now that I've gotten everything (except all the furniture I'm not allowed to scan) unlocked.A lot of the playerbase will talk up how ""You are not at the top of the food chain"", or even finger shake at newbies over having the nerve to kill a non edible fish while starving (I wish that was an exaggeration).But when your answer to the Apex predator biting your mini sub is to electrocute them, fly out of their mouth, and shoot them in the face (maybe you'll hop out for some Stasis gun insult to injury)?  You are not at the bottom of the food chain, you're not even IN their food chain once you get going.Right now, if you can deal with the fact they haven't finished putting in all the content (Such as, you know, all the story mission stuff) and in some serious need of optimization work still slated for ""Later"", this is worth a buy.If you'd rather wait until they smooth out the edges for when launch happens in the coming months, that's also understandable.  But even for a guy who normally does not like ""Sandbox survival"", I'm glad I got this.Worst part of the game outside of the optimization is the playerbase who will practically kill you over screaming how nonviolent they and their game is, but then when has ""Sometimes the worst part is the playerbase"" never been true for most games?"
,Recommended,264710,31390740,Posted: 27 April,all,Alias_lives,Its epic and all but it would be a lot better with procedurally generated oceans
,Recommended,264710,28805521,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,???,you need multiplayer
76561197995231562,Recommended,264710,21578161,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Lanceo90,"Subnautica is a refreshing take on the survival game genre by taking place not just underwater, but on an alien world in the future.  It opens the field for a lot of creative ideas from the developers, which they deliver on well.  I recommend thsi game, but he's my list of pros and cons of it, as of the time of this review in early access of course.Pros:Very Polished Feel - For the most part all the features implemented are actually fully integrated.  It's not like most Early Access games where you'll just get grey blocks with the words 'dur plant"" scribbled on.  For example Farming was jsut added a few days ago, there's multiple plants and they all have growing cycles, fully modeled out.Great Graphics - It might be that I'm using the experimental high graphics setting bedcuase I figured my computer can handle it, but the game looks beautiful.Fun Gameplay - Right now the alien world survival genre is pretty small, what ones there are just assume oxygen atmospheres, which I think just dodges an attempt at some interesting game mechanics.  Subnautica's world is an oxygen world too, but since most of the game takes place under water, you still have to manage that along with hungry and thirst.Cons:Bad LOD Distance - Might be caused by the high graphics experimental build, but things only appear like 10 meters out.  If you're moving fast, or have been playing a while it might drop to 4 meters.  And also if you've been playing a long time when it does load it might take up to a second or two.Key Missing Features - There's no compass or map.  There is a beacon for the escape pod and you can make mroe deployable beacons.  But maybe realistically so, is super easy to get lost.  In desperation to get some sense of direction for example I tried to go straight east by my guess and drop a beacon, and go straight west and drop a beacon.  Instead I ended up putting one northeast and one north.  (You might say that a feeling of being lost is what they want to do, but remember it's the future, sci-fi, the escape pod replicator actual says it's programmed to make things you need for your environment - a compass at least should be something you can make.Strong Reliance on RNGesus - Since it's hard to navigate, and certain biomes are the only ones to spawn certain blueprints you just have to hope you find the right ones.  For example I only got 2/3 of a basic workstation upgrade, but I probably found 50 blueprints for a nuclear reactor.  I realize this is a tricky one to balance, because some RNG is fun and engauging.  Something like blueprints you already have not showing up anymore, or blueprints you need glowing on screen.In a nutshell, this is one of the best survival games I've played with a very cool setting.  It needs optimization pretty bad on load distance, and really needs some options to help with navigation"
,Recommended,264710,24414959,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,dogplayschess,"-friend recommends-have been playing rust and getting frustrated-looks like a peaceful game that i can relax with-playing for a bit-playing for alot-decide its time to go deep in mini sub-letsdothis.jpg-hear roar in distance-""this game hasn't been punishing nothing could be that bad""-goes deeper-sees monster in distance-no worries im in sub-gets really close-ohshit.jpg-gets grabbed, sees mouth of doom ready to kill me-alt f4'sTo summarize 10/10 would get so scared i forget to save and lose everything again."
76561197994263286,Recommended,264710,22464805,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Clinic,"I enjoyed this game, however I don't know if I would recommend it in early access.  I was curious and wanted to check it out, but there really isn't a lot to do.  You start out, build a small base, complete research, get your seawasp, do more building and research, and then get your cyclops.  After that...there isn't much else to do.This unfortunately is the nature of a lot of early access games.  I am positive that this game will absolutely be worth playing on release.  But right now?  That really depends on what you look for in a game.  Support the dev, but don't be surprised when you put it down in a couple hours for something else."
76561198123650010,Recommended,264710,20682202,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,TheLegend27 |,Really fun but still im looking for that multiplayer uppdate but keep on going guys really good game :D
,Recommended,264710,17677503,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Crescendo's Domain,"Now, I have a fear of open water, so when I'm deep under the surface looking for rare resources, I'm literally shaking. But it's hard to care when your attention is focused on the beautifully-modelled fish flora and fauna. For an early access game, the graphics are stunning, and not only that, the music is great too. Each underwater biome has its own unique soundtrack, and that, coupled with the varied terrain, can be really distracting, and often leads me off-task. Basically, this is one of the games that I'm glad I found out about, and I love it."
76561198056883240,Recommended,264710,17908908,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,10E Venomancer,"This game is amazing. Graphics is great, sounds are outstanding, makes you really feel like you're in an alien planet ocean.Very frequent updates, however you have to start a new game to avoid losing stuff / see all the content. That makes me play a lot less as I don't like to start from scratch every month or two.Resource gathering is a bit tiresome because it always takes one to six slots of your inventory. Same type resources do not stack into one slot, so you're fairly quickly forced to return to your base. You also need a lot of storage to store everything you have. However, once you get a cyclops submarine and place some storage cases on it it's a lot easier.One thing i'd really want to see in this game is some threat to your base. Once it is build it can only be damaged / destroyed by you. If there was for example some nighttime life form that could damage it (just a little is enough, make it flood) it would be a lot more interesting.You're probably going to need a decent pc for this game. I had to replace mine to run smoothly (was quite outdated tho). As it is early access game performance is expected to improve.I rate the game in the current state 7.5/10. Every update adds a lot of awesome stuff and i'm really excited to see all the content that is to come."
76561198021172526,Recommended,264710,20536353,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Noncreative,"With H2.0, This game has become stunningly beautiful, and has reinforced my fears of deep water.  If you enjoy exploring around things that make creepy noises and want to eat you, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,264710,25501918,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Spoopy Snek ™,"[UPDATED 26/08]TL:DRBeautiful, fun and immersive game. Has a lot to do and great replayability 9/10 [EARLY ACCESS CURRENT STATE]--WHY IT BECAME A 9/10:The game improved a lot since I posted this review, and it still IS getting improved.The FPS lag is disappearing every update and I've never had any immersion breaking pop-ins since.For an early access, this game deserves all of you guys' love.I always had a fear of open oceans, not being able to see anything but water. Well this game just made me even more scared of it.It is so beautiful when you first see it, the fishes, the water, the flora, everything.Just you wait until you have to go deeper and find new ores and areas, juuust you wait. You're going to be so scared to descend every 50 meters, it gets dark, scary, you feel alone in there. Well, alone until you hear a ♥♥♥♥ING SCREAM COMING FROM YOU DON'T KNOW WHERE. So you look back and there's a ♥♥♥♥ing giant wyvern-type fish grabbing your submarine and trying to destroy you.That's where you scream and start loving the game even more.I've never got so immersed in a game like this before. I applaud Subnautica devs.I'm so excited to see what they are going to do with this game."
76561198006130906,Recommended,264710,17471822,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Graeves,After finally recieving the Habitat update this game is even more amazing than before.Even for an Alpha/Early-Access game this is a really good survival/exploration game already!Never regretted buying this game for a second :)
,Recommended,264710,29937471,Posted: 15 February,all,JiK,"I would've stumbled over this game i Jacksepticeye, and even though i have not spent that much time on the game yet, I have seen many hours of gtameplay and know quite a bit. Here are my thoghts (- is bad and + is good):-)THE FPS DROPS HOOOOOLLLLLY HELL+)The story is one of the best i have ever seen. Cant wait to know how it ends.-)Even though this is still in Early Acces, the bugs and glitches should be removed.+) I dont know if this is just me, but the looks GORGEOUS+) the world is HUGE+) the ways of travel are very cool, BUT, (again this might just be me) I imagined the prawn being different.-+) This one dosent really matter, but I think you should include the song from the trailer into the game.Overall, this game is GUD and I suggest you go and buy it."
,Recommended,264710,23916957,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Surtursfire,"Little problems here and there but for early access this game is fantastic.Couple of bugs, mostly visual (missing textures, which I reported in game), only one gameplay related bug but luckily I had a recent save.There are performance issues (pop in, fps drops) but the game is very playable, and these issues are most likely optimisation issues that will be done when content is finished.I would still buy this game again knowing about these issues, and I am excited for the full release as so far the game is already excellent."
76561198002281339,Recommended,264710,29351736,Posted: 19 January,all,Jagar Tharn,"""What Was That"" Simulator"
,Recommended,264710,29654513,Posted: 2 February,all,✪Ale,"I onessly LOVE SUBNAUTICA!! But my friend wan´t buy the game becouse it hase no Co-OP aka Multiplayer FUNCTION.So please add an Co-Op if its possebly, that would be AWEOSOM."
76561198321921325,Recommended,264710,25056635,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,corjay,"Great, addicting game. There is always something to do, and it is very beautiful. Even with a limited map, there is always something new to explore!"
,Recommended,264710,29368856,Posted: 19 January,all,SmilingShadows,"Yes, this game is still in development and needs some tweaking to the lag issues, but if you're willing to overlook that then you're in for a real treat! Subnautica brings a whole new meaning to the word, ""survive"". It's one of those games that has the players teach themselves how to play rather than hand them everything on a silver platter. The game also can get pretty terrifying when encountering hostile beings or when it turns to nighttime on the planet. Overall, I'd give this game a solid 8.5/10 for limitless creativity, beautiful sound composition, unique and well-designed creatures, and a challenging yet highly addicting and enjoyable premise."
76561198067430667,Recommended,264710,29253608,Posted: 14 January,all,Valrossen #TF2Center,"This game got me wet, and that´s not just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pun. This game isamazing.Yes, It´s early access, and some of us have a code not to buy Early Access games, but this one is already taking form to become a true masterpiece.You´re a crewmember on a spaceship called ""Aurora"" when it (for unknown reason)crashesonto a planet covered in water. You wake up in your lifepod which is floating nearby the burning wreck of the Aurora, Now it´s up to you tosurviveand eventually get rescued. Dive down into the dephs of this gargantuan ocean and discoveralien creaturesand unique marine life, while asking yourself the question: ""Was i the only survivor?""This is anopenworld survivalgame with a story starting to take form. Build bases, Submarines and tools, to travel deeper and deeper in search for wrecks and information about this planet. It can be scary at times, Especially at night, and it includes some BIG creatures roaming the ocean floor.I recommend this game if you like Survival games, Basebuilding, Big creatures with great sound design, Sci-fi and exploring.Pros:Great basebuildingExtremely cool veichlesInteresting storyUnique creatures (And BIG)Great sound designGood graphics, along with a beautiful world.Cons:Apperently alot of people got problems with the game running badly and crashing, i wouldn´t get too affected by this since it´s a common occurance for Early Access games.9/10, Im so excited for the upcomming updates."
76561198355301603,Recommended,264710,31240375,Posted: 19 April,all,GT84Maestro,Really looking to play this a lot. still in early access but it looks to be going down the road with a added story line maybe ? just what i had looked up before getting this game. on sale so yip great time to pick up a game. very keen to see how the building mechanics is in the ocean and also the new addition of the exploration of more ocean and land adventures. so lets see how the game comes about when i get into it.
76561197993750096,Recommended,264710,24061314,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ManBehind,Amazing game! I haven't had this much fun since playing GTA V and SkyrimThe game is huge !
,Recommended,264710,24085040,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Adylise,"An incredibly satisfying and even sometimes scary gaming experience (depending on how being underwater and hearing things roaring off off in the distance causes you to react). The base building is quite relaxing and the feeling of slowly improving your situation amongst the alien coral reefs (or even the much strainger bioluminescent plants that are in certain deeper areas) is quite exciting and relieving!It currently has some nasty pop in issues, but they're planning to remove terraforming in the next update (which is a huge reason for why the pop in is so bad), so that should be greatly improved afterwards.They've consistently been adding great content to the game since it entered early access. So I'd say that it's definitely worth a purchase if you like survival games that  have a lot of content and an interesting setting. :)"
,Recommended,264710,16059716,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Literally Billions Of Bees,"Behind all the Bug Nests and Gameplay unbalances, the game has an extremely large amount of potential. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who loves the ocean or just likes exploring vast, endless landscapes."
,Recommended,264710,17939454,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Lobstag,"Despite the game being far from its official release date, and my fear of early access disappointment, I took the PLUNGE with Subnautica. The prospect of underwater survival was just too mouthwatering to resist, and having been obsessed with submarines from a young age, could not turn down the offer. I'll also do my best to review this without spoiling the game, because it's the mystery that makes it fun.Subnautica is beautiful in every aspect. The visuals, the variety of biomes, flora and fauna, and the sound effects are spine tingling. The ingredients of the game allow for exploration, hardcore survival and a huge element of creativity. From prepping deep sea dives, to creating lavish sea bases, it's all there.What's more - it's horrifying. Once you go beyond the familiar start-of-game biome, you'll discover there are more things out there to kill you. You go from apex predator to bottom-of-the-chain prey in split seconds. But you'll only ever find out once you get too close, and by then it's too late. It's a quick learning curve. Bone chilling growl? Teeth? NOPE.In a way it's like Minecraft, meets Depth, meets Silent Hunter. You have the harvesting of resources like Minecraft, the fear of predators like Depth, and the claustrophobia of Silent Hunter. Maybe throw in a bit of Amnesia: The Dark Descent too."
76561198072939265,Recommended,264710,32000370,Posted: 27 May,all,DAJÚSí,Really fun :)
76561198155273816,Recommended,264710,27761513,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheTrueSergie,"This is such and amazing game with a cool atmosphere and intresting story, more is being added and everything that is being added is so cool! So... if you haven't gotten this game, get it!"
,Recommended,264710,17782919,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,★ OldSchoolGamer Ð,"What Can I Say About Subnautica....I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!About The GameYou are an (Advanced) People, who are Traveling to a[New] Planeton a (Terra Forming)Mission. When something goes Horrifically Wrong, and your Space Ship (Aurora) Crashes into the Planet.Only to find it's Completely covered in Water. You Emerge out of your ""Escape Pod"" to find your the Sole Survivor of the Expedition...So now your on your own trying to Survive in this new Hostile, yet Beautiful World.The AwesomenessA Unique Game, Set On An Alien World!A True (To) Form, Underwater Survival Experience.> No (Missles, Guns), or any FPS Clone BS.Very Soild, Crafting System. & Resources.A Beautiful Underwater SeascapeInteresting Sea Life, and Terrifying Creatures.Explore the Depths.. & Dive Deep, into your own Fears :/Build Your Own Submarine! From a Huge (Cyclops) or the Small (Seamoth)No Multiplayer... (Yay), but #1 ""Troll Requested Thing""Build Your Very Own (Underwater) Base!> With (Rooms, Doors, Passage Ways, Fish Tanks), & theNEW Moon Pool""Docking Bay for your Seamoth.The UnknownBut this is Early Access, so its Subject to Change later, they are always Updating.It really lacks ""Furniture"" like, (Beds/Cryotubes, Seating, Lighting).Lacks aStable Food Source, like a (Organic Garden), or Ability to Create/Do so.Lacks aDeep ""Back Story"". Was that your whole Civilization? Or will there be a % Chance of a Rescue Expedition?It's Void any real (Sea Life, Plants, Objects) past a certain Depth...My Final ThoughtsI will continue to play this wonderful game off and on. Each ""Update"" they introduce new Content & Places. So only time will tell, if it moves from (Awesomeness) to (Legendary)!Normally I love Ocean Games, & Space GamesPandoWooSetti's Game List. So at times i can be a little ""To Excited"" but this game really does Shine... In the Sea of EA Games :)"
76561198351599705,Recommended,264710,30044094,Posted: 19 February,all,Marcus Analson,"Before, this game was catergorized as a small peaceful survival game with minimal story. Now it's a huge, amazing game with stunning graphics, a immersive gameplay experience, a wonderful concept, and a rich story game. I'm so excited for the full release of this game, and I'm looking forward for more games by Unknown Worlds. They truely have so much potential. Keep up the great work. For such a small team, you guys are incredible!"
76561198117223163,Recommended,264710,33013551,Posted: 29 June,all,SpilledFool,"When it comes gameplay, it's endless. I wish I passed the bar minimum ram so I could stably. Even in an extremely unstable state the game is amazing. I was barely playing at 15 fps and having a blast. Then again Im used to insability. If you get motion sick I wouldn't suggest playing it.  Each update makes the game feel completely new. Most times the updates are extremely positive but I have only one problem, the hud is terrible. I liked the previous hud better. If they could put numbers where the bars are I would be much happier. If you saw anyone playing Subnautica and wanted to try it then go for it this game is one of the best I have ever played."
76561198201878161,Recommended,264710,23211342,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Juiced Eskimonster,"I'm going to try my hardest to keep this short and concise. (I didn't)Subnautica, as you know doubt know if you're coming to read reviews, is a survival game where you survive on an alien planet's ocean. From the start, the preface for this game is already pretty fresh, I don't see many ocean survival games, let alone oceans on other planets. This game has managed to keep me hooked for as long as it has for several resons, the feel, the gameplay itself, and most importantly, the devs.Very few games that I have played have managed to hit this level of feel. For me, feel is usually a mixture of gameplay, music, ambiance, etc. Subnautica is one of those game that hits home in every single part.The gameplay is really unique in the forms of the ocean exploration, the exotic species waiting to be found by you, the dangers that lurk within some of said species, and much more. While some aspects are a bit buggy, that is to be expected with an Early Access game. I can honestly say it feels like I'm playing a totally new game every time I load a new save.These are the best devs I've ever had the pleasure of playing a game for. They are always on top of the game. They are constantly sending out experimental mode* updates, you can directly send them bugs (a majority of ones that I have read about or sent have been fixed almost immediately with what I like to call micro-updates),  they actively converse with the community, and if I recall correctly, they will take suggestions into consideration.This game is worth the twenty dollars and then some. I recommend this game to anybody considering buying this game, just hearing about this game, or just one of you game surfers out there.There is a lot that I may not have covered, feel free to write a review or comment of your own if I missed anything."
76561198044071847,Recommended,264710,17362007,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Cynical Patriot,Its fun but its incomplete. I love the art style of the game. I approve of how its an underwater survival that takes place in an alien planet. I like  how you can build a large submarine and build your own bases. I just love the game period. But the game is incomplete.If your someone who would like to help the devs by pointing out all the glitches and give feedback to them while they improve the game. Go for it. They update the game every few months or so that really improve the game as a whole.If your someone who wants the full experience right then and now. Best to avoid it until this game is complete.
,Recommended,264710,28889030,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Artek [General],"9/10 - Absolutely amazing project with big potential and ambitionYour spaceship -AURORA- was myseriously and heavily damaged during sling-shot maneuver near a distant planet and crashed onto it as a result.You are one - if not the only - survivor out of ~100 people that were on board.Your lifepod has landed in relatively peaceful shallows of planet's ocean, filled with alien wild life.Your lifepod is halfbroken. AURORA's carcas is burning in the distance.With no better idea in mind you do the only thing that you can do - you go out there and start collecting all the essentials for survival: resources, minerals, water, food.Thankfuly your lifepod's fabricator is still working... You don't even have to do anything - just bring the materials needed and the thing will combine - or even cook - them for you.TECHNOLOGY IS YOUR WIFE NOW. GET USED TO IT.GOODAmazing visualsImmersive world and amazing atmosphereGameplay never gets old - you will always have stuff to do, even when you think you don'tWARNING: HEAVY DEHYDRATION DETECTEDWARNING: HEAVY STARVATION DETECTEDWARNING: 30 SECONDS OF OXYGEN REMAININGWARNING~- I KNOW, KAREN. I KNOW.Story and gear progressionSometimes it feels like you're playing a horror game. Because ocean is a scary place.ESPECIALLYalien one.NOT GOODIt gets very spooky sometimes. I hate oceans.Game is not finished yet. There's going to be a story with final goal, but for now - its just a sandboxIt's an early access with all the things that come out of it: bugs, performance issues, unfinished and/or half-baked contentEach major update kindly asks you to forget your old save file and start the game from the beginning. All the progress you are going to be making - remember that you will have to abandon it and start from nothing again.BETTER USE YOUR TIME WISELY.Conslusion: its like Minecraft.But better."
76561198016829255,Recommended,264710,33213154,Posted: 3 July,all,Ullysses Omega,"Just wow.It's very immersive, even without a VR setup.  Creepy ambient sounds but not for the sake of sounds, something is making the sounds you hear, and that's the creepy part.Fun progression, intriguing story, a sweet remix of explored mechanics.All in all, I got my money's worth in the first two hours; the rest has just been whipped cream and cherries.It *is* Early Access, so there are some issues but nothing game breaking.  Good framerates, no crashes, all bugs I've found have been small and inconsequential; this is what all Early Access titles should aspire to be like.Just wish multiplayer was on the feature list..."
76561198103029374,Recommended,264710,33132267,Posted: 2 July,all,Spyro_2010,"Awesome!!!The most interessting and versatile game I played in years!!!The survive-system is well made, not unfair-hard like in hardcore-survival-games but also not easy!The world around seems super large, so much to explore! And you NEVER feel like: ""oh yeah, thats a bit different but somehow still the same..."" when exploring different habitates. EVERY HABITAT IS A NEW WORLD! with new unique flora and fauna!You can build your base like you want, as large you want, everywhere you want! Funny gadgets like the funktional coffee maschine or the (also funktional) snack automat sweeten your day!And besides the survival, building, exploring and collecting technologie, there is a STORY!!! Not a ""you are stranded here, have fun and farewell!""-story. A realy fascinating story about the planet, a dangerous virus and aliens and you discover the connections between these things.So on, you do have missions! But you could just ignore them... but you wouldnt ;) the story is worth it!While exploring and building, you will see: the leads you to build reaserch-bases! you are able to catch and hatch the most creatures in the game, and watch and work (!) on them in your giant aquarium-tanks! you can play around with the infection ;P and will find some (still!) unfunktional Lab-Tools. I think, it´s clear where this is going XDDDD And im suuuper curious about the future!!!Fazit:A great game! Great gameplay! Fascinating Story! Beautifull views!And it´s not even done yet!!!"
,Recommended,264710,22864008,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Knut,"Most games on early access are not worth the money in their current state. But this game stands out as the beautiful underwater adventure it is. Even in it's current state the game is worth the 19,99€ it costs.  The trailer and videos show the true nature of the game, no overexaggeration of the gameplay what so ever.I am the kind of player who likes games with a little mystery in it, and Subnautica definitely fills this criteria.TL:DR This is a great game and i'd buy it again in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,264710,22876619,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,+2,"One of the best early access games out there. Very good survival mechanics and the option to turn them off if you just want to explore. Has an exciting story that's developing as the game is being developed. There are only a few bugs here and there, and it isn't very well optimized yet, but I'm sure they'll fix that. The main reason I'd buy this game right now is for the story development. It's not done yet, but it's coming more and more together with each update."
,Recommended,264710,20239157,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TheUnknown,"I truly love this game, Best survival experience i had in awhile. I hope there won't be too many gigantic monsters in this game. There's only one that's called the reaper and omg he is scary, I cannot wait for new content! :)10/10 would get scared of a giant manta ray again."
,Recommended,264710,23741542,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Doyi200,"Hope the developers get more love than this, even in Early access this game is amazing.Good graphcis, interesting updates, good mechanics but a little bit laggy but is an early access game so what do you expect.Best early access game i ever played."
76561198040629491,Recommended,264710,26249696,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Sepherene - Probably in FF14,Really Fun game but dont play in VR yet. There is a major disconnect between movement and your view and it will make you feel very sick fast.
76561197970943208,Recommended,264710,23426298,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,robertschafer,"My entire family of five is completely addicted to this game after just two days of owning it!  Beautiful graphics , challenging (but not too challenging), and endless exploration!  We wish we could all play together in multiplayer like we do in Minecraft.  I would also like to be able to name my saved games.  Other than that, game is extraordinary!  Keep up the good work creating more creatures, stuff, and abilities!  Love it!!"
76561198272974272,Recommended,264710,31793492,Posted: 16 May,all,Sarge,"Fantastic.This game is very fun, very addicting. You explore a vast ocean, building underwater bases and adventuring out in your submarine in search of resources. There are many diverse biomes, from deep trenches to underwater caverns, each one has a unique feeling, as well as alien lifeforms.The game does a fantastic job at giving a creepy feeling in creepy places. A scary, deep, dark trench feels like a scary, deep, dark trench. You don't know what is behind you, or below you. It is easy to lose direction in the darkness, to find yourself lost and running out of oxygen, with terrifying monsters all around you.Another great thing about this game is the Devs. Update come out regularly and they allow you keep a real time report on thier progress. If you want, you can go and see what they were working on today, and what they plan to do tomorow. Updates are regular and add cool things to the game. If you stop playing for half a year, it will have tons of content to play with and give you plently of more playtime.All in all, the game is fantastic, the Devs care and  work hard on each update, and the game itself is very fun, I highly recomend this game to anybody with a taste in survival or adventure games."
,Recommended,264710,32823105,Posted: 26 June,all,OctetSlim,"I never write reviews, but I really felt this game deserved one.Beautiful and challenging, Subnautica is the best of the survival/crafting games I have played so far.I started during the 2017 steam sale and began my game pretty much blind - after playing for a while and reading back through previous wikis or watching a few let's play's - it seems that the devs have pretty recently added a lot of content to the game that really puts it over the top in my opinion.This game is masterful at progressive disclosure - slowly the game pushes you into new crafting recipes and you learn new ways to survive and advance by simply exploring the world around your crashed pod.As you get better tech, the game pushes you further and further out of your starting place through the use of signals - and getting to some signals requires that better tech, creating a meaningful feedback loop as you learn new things and figure out what to prioritize building. I've played a lot of open world survival/crafting games and I have never seen this kind of 'mission' and 'exploration' based progression done so well.Another thing that sets this game apart - quick progression without a grind. This game wants you to explore more than it wants you to mine/grind. It equips you with new tools to explore faster and deeper and the exploration is super rewarding. The planet is beautiful, the creatures are interesting and 'realistic'. The ocean is completely ALIVE - never did I feel that it was barren or lacking content - it feels very real.I've found this game to be extremely immersive - I get nervous moving through deep water, scared and curious when finding new alien fish, and elated and surprised when discovering wreckage or habitats or technology.On top of everything, this game has Vive and Oculus support. I've been so sucked into the normal game that I haven't even tried pulling out the Vive yet to experience it in that way.The biggest CON in my opinion is the lack of multiplayer or co-op. I understand that multiplayer wouldn't fit into this carefully crafted world as it stands today, but I want to see Subnautica 2 or an expansion that's bigger and let's you team up. There are just no other challengers in the market right now on the level of this game and I would absoutely love to experience it with my friends."
,Recommended,264710,18120300,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Khan,"The game is really amazing. A massive underwater world for the player to explore, build, conquer. The entire game is based around survival, and once life vs death isnt an issue anymore- it becomes a game based around completing man's dream to excell and create an easier way to live. The game forces you to discover, to test, to observe. There is no tutorial, and you are literaly dropped into the world clueless (which is sorta the situation of your character). A massive survival-sandbox game that will make you want to board a spaceship and crash into a random ocean planet. Eat, drink, breathe, build, or just do nothing. Honestly the choice is yours and the possibilities are endless."
76561198057324166,Recommended,264710,14159328,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,StovetopEMU0,Damn nature you scary
76561198003087849,Recommended,264710,14634096,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Wrong Way,"This is one of the coolest games I have played. I have a lot of games and experience and I am finishing my degree as an animator. The graphics are beautiful. The mechanics and gameplay are enjoyable. There is a ways to go on this game but that is fine as this is fun and immersive.If you like 7days to die, planetary explorers, minecraft and like minded games then this should hit your sonar as a solid blip. I don't comment on games often, this one deserves it."
76561198089214469,Recommended,264710,14659843,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Bon,I played this game for few hours and it was worth buying it. But i hope there are more better updates and improvements :)
76561198067111156,Recommended,264710,14097638,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mr.bass,Great concept can't wait to see more features.
76561198048440987,Recommended,264710,14112787,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,SIRIUS,"Хорошая,красивая,необычная игра)Я перед покупкой посмотрел на скрины, и понял что нужно рать) и не ошибся.Игра затягивает.но есть и свои проблемы1.нету коопа2.С разрешением экрана, такое чувство что прост о накидали.К примеру нету моего разрешения.  приходится играть в оконке, а это ой как неудобно и неприятно. думаю исправят3.И как покзаалось. мир не настолкьо огромен, хотя возможно и это исправят)Все таки это ток альфа. так что .разрабы молодцы"
76561198075588658,Recommended,264710,14137346,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,ReverendPeaches,"If you like abject terror, constantly trying to make sure you have food and water, and sometimes finding resources to advance, this is the game for you. I can't play anymore, too scared."
,Recommended,264710,14155979,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Bargingo,"Okay so...Subnautica is, to me, the scariest game I've ever played. And my fear of water definitely doesn't help the fact that this game is meant as a fun, exploration, survival game. I'm not saying it's bad, dear god it is beautiful and fun, but I am horrified by these underwater creatures and the thing that scares me is when I go into very open areas and I see and hear this giant tentacle creature just swimming right above my head. And no, there isn't just one of them...there are a dozen of them...But, overall, this is a great game and I would recommend it to anybody who likes survival games."
,Recommended,264710,14174181,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,kin,"One of the best early access games on Steam.I am a fan of early access games and have put money into quite a few, lots of them falter and do not become what we hope for them or are just abandoned by their developers, but sometimes one comes along that proves early access is worth throwing money at, Subnautica is one of the good ones."
76561198015834427,Recommended,264710,14659246,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,shacklewolf,"Love the game. Will just say that first off, however...... can we have the moth fixed so it doesnt despawn when its docked.  Early days i know , and look forward to see whats to come."
76561198041336081,Recommended,264710,14133002,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Grilledchicken [nachos],Unique approach to the sandbox survival genre. Great visuals and solid feel to UI and enviorment interaction. Looking forward to future updates of this.
,Recommended,264710,14176588,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,S0VIET_RUSSIA,Ate purple mushrooms and dug sand10/10
76561198049038867,Recommended,264710,14664527,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Kucing Lebah Imut,"I love this game... It's really unusual for underwater non-horror survival game. Unique crafting, survival method, and awesome vehicle. Can't wait for further development."
,Recommended,264710,14217593,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Philip Stache,Subnautica is off to a solid start.
76561197960343278,Recommended,264710,14665398,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,dahoon,"This right here Ladies and Gentlemen is what Early Access is all aboutNot only does Subnautica progress nicely, but the developer has both the normal Early Access (EA) branch and an Experimental branch you can opt-in to (It doesn't get more bleeding edge then that. Things will break, a lot). You can even see what commits/code changes they make in real time on their site if you so please, see the (anonymised) bug reports and if (when) you encounter a bug, you can submit it in-game with a nice graphical user interface that can add both your exact location in the game, a screenshot, some text, and your e-mail if you want them to be able to contact you about specifics. Every game should take a hint from this.As every EA game it has bugs (pun intended. EA, gettit?), but in the normal branch it is actually surprisingly stable. I have only had one crash in ~6 hours play-time and it was while using experimental graphic settings. The bugs range from small stuff in the normal branch to the occasional huge game breaking bugs in the experimental branch.If you stick to the start area it almost feels like a real non-EA game for quite a while. Really pretty and polished compared to many full Indie games (heck, even some AAA titles don't do underwater as good as this). You can play it as a survival game, with the need to find food etc., or you can play it as a sandbox and just explore. Both are fun, though the food stuff isn't quite advanced enough yet to be fun for long and outside the starter area it gets strange-looking and empty-ish quite fast. There's also a hardcore mode with permadeath if you have a death wish.If you like supporting early access and see the game grow, this is in my opinion one of the best ways to experience that. If you just want to play, well it is quite fun too!"
,Recommended,264710,34078982,Posted: 7 August,all,Ronndog,"This game is truly beatiful and scary at the same time which makes it unique. There are countless things to discover and loads of beatiful places around the map. If i owned a VR headset, this game would be truly amazing but is still amazing never the less."
76561197970756459,Recommended,264710,29038970,Posted: 5 January,all,Creydin,"After years and years on steam, this will be my first review. Spoiler free.This game blew me away (and still is).  I had a very rough idea of what the game was about, so I didn't have high expectations going in. ""Oh, it's yet another open world survival game, in a market saturated with open world survival games.""However, the moment I jumped into this world, I knew I had found something special.Pros-*Atmosphere.  This game has the most immersive and satisfying environment to explore.  Night and day cycles change how the whole world feels.  Finding a cave system to explore, not knowing whats around the next corner.  The distant glowing aquatic life in an underwater forest.  The list goes on.*Controls.  This is a HUGE pro.  The controls feels smooth and right, and I never felt like I was fighting with them at any point.  In an underwater, all-axis, first person exploration, this could have made the whole experience terrible, but they got it just right.*Pacing.  There is a steady flow of new things to do, which is given to you via the comms system.  New blueprints to unlock via exploration of wrecks, and mystery of what's actually going on in this world.*Crafting system.  I don't want to say much about this as it's best to figure it out as you go, but it's deep and vast, and satisfying when you hit certain milestones.*Sound. Nailed it perfectly. Extremely immersive.*Graphics.  Superb.*Updates.  There seems to be a steady flow of new updates, including new places to explore, new narrative and story and mystery, blueprints, etc.  The developers are heavily invested and working on this beautiful game.Cons- (only minor, what I feel could be fixed with relative ease)*The blueprints overview in the PDA is currently all in one long scrolling list, unorganzied, listed from oldest to newest discovered.  I imagine this will be worked on more soon, with an easier way of locating what you're looking for, possibly with a search function?*Opening a chest can be finicky.  It can be hard to find the sweet spot in between ""Open container"" and ""Edit container label"" leading to slight frustration.*Some optimization should be worked in over time.  As it stands (for myself anyway) travelling at any decent speed can cause some major drops in framerate as the game struggles to keep up with loading everything around you.  Not game breaking by any means though.There is no multiplayer currently (although it would be extremely badass to see at some point)  As it stands, it works amazingly as a single player experience.  What are you waiting for?  Pick this up and get lost in this gorgeous piece of art."
,Recommended,264710,17546090,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lion,"Already got all the achivements. 10/10By the way, DEVSADDMULTIPLAYERPLAZ"
76561197964592463,Recommended,264710,22855537,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Meeturmaker,I'm actually taking the time to write this because they have come a long way and I really like what they are doing with the game. I recommend this game.
,Recommended,264710,34940736,Posted: 13 September,all,Just_313 S>5 Unu,"Been playing since like 2k14 no kidding back then everything was a cube, this was before the utuber invasion.So the game is repetitive but I think getting ~100 Hours of pure amazement is worth the price. I have had alot of fun, especially the first time encouting a Leviatahan, The Hospital emergency room was the next thing I remember.Like a good 8/10"
,Recommended,264710,34440609,Posted: 23 August,all,♛𝕶𝖎𝖓𝖌𝕽𝖆𝖒,"It's fun I love the ""story"" they have added into it. The game is all over really fun to play I love being under water and exploring everything I can and it feels like the game with every update is getting better and better I have high hopes for this game"
,Recommended,264710,23383468,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,TheeWolf,Extremelly impressed so far!!!! Only wish could play with others. But for a singleplayer survival its EPIC!!! Would definitely advise others to buy and enjoy for themselves ;) I really enjoy the level of detail and amount of grind needed to get tools and equipment. I get a sence of accomplishmenet when i complete tasks and progress. Keep up the great work looking forward to whats next ;)
,Recommended,264710,23777647,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,𝕭𝖚𝖌𝖘,"This game gives me the worst damn nightmares but the best damn time. The game is so colorful and bright, at the start. As you go on the game becomes creepier and creepier. You first spawn in a reef close to the surface, everything is so pretty and nice. Then you move away from spawn, wanting to explore this vibrant game world. Then you see seaweed, bright seaweed and you're like COOL new biome! Then you see a barricuda lookin♥♥♥♥♥and you're like oh♥♥♥♥♥♥Imma cut this hoe. Then you get closer to it and it whips its head showing its teeth but you're not scared it's only a game. He reaches you and takes a little of your health and after cutting him up so much and thinking about the amazing sushi you just ruined, two more appear and kill you. Then you realize that your knife is♥♥♥♥♥so you look at the weapons you can make. They can't save you, they arn't ment for fighting. They are ment for surviving. You realize you arn't on the attack, you're on the defence, you need to survive. After respawning at your escape pod, you climb the ladder out to the top of your escape pod. Then you hear a countdown and the main ship explodes into a million pieces. In the comms you hear ""radiation"". You crawl back into the ship and see what you can craft in the fabricator. Tons of option that you have no clue how the hell to make. To you get out and start collecting reasorces, a hole♥♥♥♥♥♥ton. You come back and build tools and electronics and food. Then you see that your inventory is jam packed with titanium, so you take out your handy building tool and build an underwater base with sprawling corridors and huge rooms. Then you build a mini sub. And you go back to that stalker and you ran the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him and you get the cofidence to go out and explore the world. Then you go out, staying close to the surface, not going too deep. Then the comms, ""radiation poisoning"" you turn around and head back to base and build a radiation suit and head back out, back the the radiated area and you notice the ship is close, it's not just a background but an object, you head closer and closer to the mothership and then the music stops, and you hear the ship let out a moan, a cry for help. The sound of metal falling and fire and then a...scream? A growl? You turn around and see nothing then your screen is jerked down and you see the biggest creature you have seen yet, it throws you out of your sub and you're left out in the open water. After picking up your headphones off the ground from jumping, you get jumped again killing you, and any sence of confidence you had. That is why this game is a horror survival game that does it better than any other.9.6/10. Worth every penny."
76561198074323038,Recommended,264710,31242319,Posted: 19 April,all,4pizzas,"10/10.What is better, Sea or Overworld?Of course its Sea."
,Recommended,264710,24244655,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Davis,"Great game. Only survival game i've played on steam that i said ""Wow thats cool"" Or ""Hey thats a monster"" i've only played 15 some hours at the time of this review. i would buy this game if its on sale i paid 16$ for it and i think its worth the money but if you have a fear of deep waters then i would pass"
76561198087130301,Recommended,264710,28531278,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,EvILDudeMeow,"Have to say really fun game! A little tough finding the pieces to the underwater crafts, but fun none the less. i would recommend if you want a fresh breath of air with exploration and crafting. being under water is a plus as well. Compared to other survival games it is different but fun. Can't wait for another update ... granted i havent done al i can yet by any means. For an early access game it shows a positive outlook. Would recommend if on sale or as a gift. the price seems to be right but it all depends on where they take it, who knows?"
,Recommended,264710,28522715,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,KeywordConfidential,"THIS IS AN EARLY BUILD OF THIS GAME!!!!Keep that in mind when reading this, as things could change and get better. The players of this game and I are all working very hard with the developer to find and report bugs so that when this game releases, it will be flawless.That being said, this game does have a good number of bugs, some of which are recurring and some of which make playing the game difficult, if not impossible. The game, however, is in a state in which, if you don't mind running into a few bugs, it is playable. Fixing game breaking bugs is as easy as leaving the game and coming back sometimes, as well, so it's not like you're going to lose anything.The game has a compelling story, and at one part, it ripped my heart out of my chest and stompped it into the dirt as I realized that I wasn't going home. Hat's off to the developer for making such an extraordinary thing. I can't wait until the game is fully released.TL;DRIf you play Elite: Dangerous, it's kind of like that, only underwater, and there's no one to interact with. You complete long, drawn out, but incredibly simple tasks, and try to survive. Overall, it's fun and I recommend it."
76561198040655440,Recommended,264710,24889768,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Sense_Impression,"I think there's no scarier feeling that being deep in the ocean and alone. This Game is MIND Blowing , The world the'yve created here is Phenomenal. Some of the sounds of the creatures scared the living daylights out of me, and having my seamoth eating by a reaper was probably the penultimate scary moment. I love this game, and I hope it continues to evolve organically like it should."
76561198097641296,Recommended,264710,23795557,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,VAGENA,Very amazing and cool game I must say I really like the graphics overall and how the game is improving all the time and how the developers are improving it and that they listen to the community and the youtubers great game overall I suggest you to buy if you like exploration games like Subnautica.
76561198258074277,Recommended,264710,34728594,Posted: 3 September,all,NoahMcDank,Got this game a few months ago and have been keeping up with development ever since. Cant wait for full release and would recommend this to anybody.
,Recommended,264710,25475798,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SoulS,give us multiplayer!
76561198253319136,Recommended,264710,30361360,Posted: 6 March,all,Bla247,...you don't own this? WHAT ARE YOU DOING??????
,Recommended,264710,18431192,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Peacemaker,"Awesome game! If the devs continue to add new content regularly, like now, this game will be loads of fun. There is a lot of potential in this game and I hope that it turns out to be an amazing game once it is out!"
76561198000033451,Recommended,264710,19914074,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Black Donkey,Awesome survival crafting game with scuba diving!
,Recommended,264710,20160960,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Father Time,"This is by far the scariest video game I've ever played and it's not even advertised as such. Others may not have the same experience, but as someone with a paralyzing fear of the deep ocean, I can barely even play for too long at a time before my nerves start to get to me- at the very least I have to retreat to the safety of my base. I love it, though- the crafting is simple, logical and provides enough tools to do pretty much everything you'll need to explore deeper in the ocean. There is one exception and that's weaponry- offensive options are fairly limited in Subnautica as an intentional design choice and I think it works well. Something would feel kind of wrong in this game about going around mowing everything down with automatic weaponry. It is a bit rough around the edges here and there, as expected for an early access title, but the developers are transparent and regularly release new updates, as well as allowing the option to play daily experimental releases. Great stuff."
76561198011352808,Recommended,264710,20525915,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Chaka,"This game is visually fascinating.For an Early Access game there is plenty already to explore.Crafting system is smooth, it's futuristic, it's colorful, it's dangerous.I recommend this game and look forward to seeing how it progresses.The new h20 update is awesome :)"
,Recommended,264710,19940957,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Samoopy,"Take my hours played with a grain of salt; I spend a healthy chunk of my time playing offline because of my current internet situation and Steam doesn't log those hours.Subnautica is an early access♥♥♥♥♥early access game, meaning it has bugs, lacks a number of features, and could definitely use some quality of life improvements in places. However, as of December 2015, there is certainly enough content here to warrant purchasing the game on sale, and unless you REALLY hate the core gameplay mechanics (watch some Youtube videos to get a feel for the game if you must), you can get a solid first playthrough of at least 10 hours with the content that is currently available. The game is gorgeous, plays very well, and is impressively stable (I've yet to see any game-breaking bugs or crashes). I don't normally recommend Early Access games because I don't believe that buying games based on a developer's promise that they will someday be playable and fun is a great thing for consumers to be doing in an industry where a lot of games come out of beta playing like total garbage, but Subnautica is different. I make the exception to my EA rule for this game because right at this VERY moment, Subnautica has enough content to fully warrant a price of <$10, and even if the devs never updated it again, I wouldn't regret my purchase. That said, the developers have a fantastic track record and HAVE consistently updated the game with meaningful content for the last year, so I have no hesitation recommending the game to anybody that's interested in survival games and/or doing battle with giant fish armed with only a knife.It's a good time."
76561198257872882,Recommended,264710,20016697,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Chris,"very good, worth playing - good value game."
76561198095073390,Recommended,264710,20120964,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gary Lunar,"I love this game! I have allready put in almost 16 hours to the game and there are still things I have yet to do. I am not sure if the large sea creature is in the game yet, since I haven't found it. But there are more things to find after 15 hours of play time. I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,264710,20179449,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,WireBug,"This is just an awesome crafting and explorer game. the devs have been providing solid updates that have really added to the game play and enviroment.Atmosphere is great, when you go deep it is SPOOKY. This game really sets the mood and can have you swimming away in fear as you are being chased by something that wants to eat you.It's a dangerous world, take a plunge and explore. This game has been evolving at a good pace. Kudo's to the devs for not loosing sight of their goals."
76561198104493857,Recommended,264710,20509096,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Builderx12345,Still in development...? Can't wait to see how amazing it is when it is fully developed :O
76561198035426078,Recommended,264710,20050557,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Shinohebi,"If you think you may suffer from a fear of deep water, or perhaps fear what you may encounter within water you can't see through, then this game may not be the best solution to a quiet Sunday gaming night. Unless you feel like torturing yourself, or are just a sucker for a great exploration game with great graphics, then by all means; Play this game.In Subnautica, I feel it puts the very essence into what I felt at the beach, or at an aquariam when I was a child into incredible perspective. That fear of the deep, the fear of the unknown, the helplessness in the water. Not only does the game have breathtaking graphics, and incredibly well thought-out creature designs, but everything from the topography to the Fauna has been designed thoughtfully and exectued well. It honestly feels like you are hopelessly stranded on an Oceanic alien world, with seemingly no hope for rescue.Of course, most people in this kind of situation would begin to adapt themselves to this new environment, and that's exactly what this game is about. Find rescources, catch fish and build better ways to protect yourself and survive. All whilst avoiding the largest dangers the vast underwater map of Subnautica offers you.The soundtrack is nice, but it's quite constant, and sometimes it spoils the mood, although, if you are like me and get terrified very easily to the point of wanting to completely surrender and quit the game, then the music doesn't spoil the mood as much as you might expect, or want. In addition, many of the denizens you will encounter in your various underwater journeys make noises befitting of what they look like. These sounds however, sound as they should underwater; muffled, echoed and slightly distorted.Gameplay is smooth and well designed, but the Subnautica world is constantly changing, with patches to the Experimental client being made up to 3 times a day, however of course due to demand and developer stress, the time taken for large updates to be released is mostly unpredictable.In conclusion, if you want a constantly changing underwater world with nearly limitless possibility for adventure, then this is a game you should buy. However I will not be held responsible for any sleepless nights or for you being terrified of the ocean from now on. Thank you for reading my review."
,Recommended,264710,20530174,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ariyanna Moon,"I am hesitant about jumping on board with most early access games but the devlopers working on this ROCK! Updates so far have been fantastic.  It's definitely worth it. The graphics, audio, and game mechanics combine to make it an amazing experience. There is so much to explore and do, it's cool that it has different modes you can choose to play also, such as survival, casual, and 1 death mode. I chose survival and found it to be just the right balance of a challenge and exploration. There are plenty of reviews, guides, etc to tell you more about the game play and what to expect so check them out if you still can't decide :)"
76561198061126546,Recommended,264710,34701587,Posted: 2 September,all,remax08,"Fantastic! Even though the developer is still ironing out bugs, the game is regularly updated with new content. The game is addictively fun. A must buy for people who love crafting, surviving, and exploration."
,Recommended,264710,20009730,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ninjassassin911,"I absolutely fell in love with this game. It is so addicting. I think the game has so many great ideas put into it and has so many possible opportunities yet to come. The only thing I have to say that needs work would be the fact that you can get the achievments in creative mode. I think in creative, the achievments should be disabled, because they should be earned in true gameplay. Just a thought. But is not a big problem. LOVE THIS GAME!!"
,Recommended,264710,20532097,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Runhildr,"Subnautica is a first of its kind, and adds new things constantly. The experience of this game (the good and the insanely good) is something everyone should have. Trying to make this random planet hospitable for us, you crash land and have to deal with the fact that you're the only one left (unless MP someday? XD ). Find salvagable parts, make your own home the way you want, and eat the...yummy....fish (or be eaten). Face your fears, and face the depths of Subnautica!"
,Recommended,264710,20557025,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Lettuce,This.Game.Is.Fun...........:)
,Recommended,264710,19910643,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,tianbas csgohandouts.com,"Pretty good, I would recommend it to others"
76561198053058479,Recommended,264710,20054454,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,GooseBelly,"Game is gud, I like where its going."
76561198055324461,Recommended,264710,20548454,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Xevandylreth,Bought the game and played for three days straight. Would recommend.
76561198171096438,Recommended,264710,20530481,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ted Cruz,"Subnautica is first off, Absolutely great. a bit buggy but it has great potential. they have added so much into the game allready. One of the bugs is that it says I dont have enough memory space, yet i have a whole Terrabyte of storage on my computer. Some lag here and there, but it is a big game. Otherwise, I would totally recomend this game!"
76561198043756707,Recommended,264710,20052806,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MANN-eating horse,Having thalassophobia (fear of the ocean) I can assure you its well worth the money and night terrors.
,Recommended,264710,20528719,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,The Shekel Collector 9000,"Beatiful and amazing. I game a can definetly reccomend, requires quite a PC to run nicely, but still, the fantastic enviroments created with are fantastic. Still rather buggy tho."
,Recommended,264710,20535331,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Beonu,This game is going places fast. They have left room for some very strong story on release. The map is large and has extreme depth and beauty. The crafting system is expanding with each patch and the bugs are minimal.This game is well worth your money and the dev team is very hands on making me feel that the money I spent will soon create a finished product unlike other survival titles which seem to spend their whole shelf life in early access or alpha.Oh and VR coming soon!
76561198035822756,Recommended,264710,20550835,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,slayer_627,"This game is awesome i have recommended it to all my friends and family most have started playing it and think it is the best , that even though there is so much to do that it is peaceful , that with each new update it blows their mind haha .So Epic Job on this hope for many new and interesting updates to come."
76561198037963529,Recommended,264710,20106893,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,STAR,"It's so beautiful and well made, I went into this game and got everything I had hoped for from it, i highly recommened this game"
76561197971455070,Recommended,264710,20195471,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Qau'lthir,"Borderline hydrophobia? Yup, still bought it though! That tells you all that you need to know."
76561197974605146,Recommended,264710,20535324,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,warren.hodgkinson,I really enjoy this game. So much potential with an alien world and cool tech. The new H2.0 update really looks amazing too.
,Recommended,264710,35092814,Posted: 20 September,all,Waeno,"This game rocks!I have been terrified so many times. I'm not huge on the terror genre, but this game is great fun!Its what No Mans Sky should have been like.As this isnt a finished game, i cant wait to see where they go from here.The zones are beautiful and rich. The creatures are diverse and scarey.So much to do, so much to see so much to build!8/10i feel like they underused the music. the music is actually quite good, but it rarely activates.sound is great especially with headphones.visuals are excellent.mechanics are good, not too glitchy, although i have found a few bugs.great bug report system."
76561198005656306,Recommended,264710,22876286,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Gromtae,i love this game but being an early access game there are a few bugs but its still a lot of fun
,Recommended,264710,22874383,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Sindro98,"SubnauticaThis game is one of my 2 second favorties games I ever even played to be honest for most epople have been dreaming an underwater world minecraft creativity game like this. This is so far one of the only games I would play for hours but not all the time, This for those who are looking into this please buy it. I pretty sure people who are willing to get this game your won't be disappointed. :)"
76561198211738685,Recommended,264710,35211691,Posted: 25 September,all,Johnald,VERY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD :D
,Recommended,264710,33036911,Posted: 30 June,all,Addy,"Subnautica... under the water... bah, that doesn't sound too bad. Sure I need to make sure I'm fed, hydrated and get air from time to time (if I choose to play survival). How hard can that be? Alright, let's do this. Hah! I have seen let's plays of this game and always thought that it's silly how scared some people might be in it. Oh boy was I wrong. This is not really a horror-game per say but I'd be lying if I said Subnautica hasn't made me chew my lips and shriek in fear when something suddenly bites me in the pitch black waters. I have very mixed emotions about this game as my biggest fears are drowning and sharks. Yet at the same time I have spent hours on end watching people play it and also played it non-stop for like six hours unable to put it down.I love this game, I hate this game and it's really worth playing!"
76561198312598300,Recommended,264710,25096932,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Alyce,This game is absolutely amazing. The graphics are beautiful and it's just an overall great experience whether you just want to chill with creative mode and build a killer base or try your hand at survival mode. The best way to describe this game in my opinion would be an underwater Minecraft on Red Bull infused with steroids.
,Recommended,264710,15526820,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,jeff,"Where do I start...This game is amazingly immersive, to the point where even without using the oculus I was scared at times.Great balance of survival and exploration, beautiful graphics for an early access.The devs give you ability to report bugs at any point and will almost defiantely fix it straight away!Amazing customer service!Gameplay:You find yourself crashed, after your mothership had a fatal error when flying.You play as a man tasked with the mission of terra-forming planets so humans can someday live there.You now have to survive your time there, build boats, bases, materials, gear and more!I highly reccomend this game! 8.5/10 (For the early build)"
76561198029781422,Recommended,264710,25789708,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Davidleblanc20,"Bought this on September 3 2015 and racked up almost 1000 hours, even some AAA games dont give you as much fun as Subnautica, although the amount of content is lacking compared to some games, the amount of ways each piece of content can be used makes it seem like theres 10x more then there actually is, this game WILL give you chills the first time you play it, although not a horror game it sometime feels like one, yes it has bugs, it freezes, it lags, its an EA game. yes this game does involve a fair amount of grinding but unlike other games, even the grinding is fun as it takes you to other spooky places. the game is content complete all beit a game ending which will be implemented closer to V 1.0.And for £14.99 its a steal, get now before the price goes up, but the devs have said that the price will NOT double like others."
,Recommended,264710,18210805,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Galaxy [Magenta],"Although it does recommend to have a such beefy computer to runSubnautica, I almost have no trouble running it with only a maximum of comfortable 18 Frames Per Second without crashing or overclocking. The ambience and the enviroment is absolutleystunning. You can almost do anything insideSubnauticafrom chasing Peepers, to getting chased by a Reaper Levithan. This is one of the most popular underwater sandbox you will set foot-(Er, Flippers!)in. Most people do show off their seabase or vehicle creations inSubnautica's Community Artwork section, From building a base inside theAurorafull of giant monsters, to building a base on a island, surrounded by unusual trees (and probably wildlife soon!).Do I recommend you this game?Of course as long you can handle it's hunger for computer power!"
76561198067606860,Recommended,264710,29658550,Posted: 2 February,all,NinjaBeest,"This game really needs multiplayer, eventually the game gets boring after completing all of your tasks to survive. For example, building a base and killing sea life. Overall the game is good, if it had multiplayer though. This game would be a  lot more successful."
76561198201989488,Recommended,264710,35252267,Posted: 27 September,all,Marcus,if oyu didnt evne think of getting this thne leave my sight.
,Recommended,264710,32830946,Posted: 26 June,all,Detox42,amazingly fun game with a challenge of something always to do...
76561198271574446,Recommended,264710,23660745,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,HyperDoomForce,"Great game, good graphics and gameplay but I wish there was multiplayer."
,Recommended,264710,32233516,Posted: 6 June,all,Skitty,I love this game to atoms it is the best horror (and the only horror) I have ever played to be honnest it doesnt scare me because I watched people play it since you could explore the bad graphics of the Aurora (back then the graphics where bad) None the less I would HIGHLY recommend this game to EVERYONE and I have.
76561198136148457,Recommended,264710,16465344,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,donkey_says_quack,"Brilliant game all round, especially for an early access"
,Recommended,264710,17828479,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,DodemansNL,"Stunning graphics , huge freeworld and lots of dangers to find!a Amazing game and happy i bought it!Hopefully a multiplayer soon :)"
,Recommended,264710,19968297,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Aeltgen,"Takes a bit to figure out, still trying to decide if i like it. My 6yr old really likes it though, mainly for swimming around lol im still trying to figure out where to gather and how to build. it's ok."
,Recommended,264710,21003663,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Th3Cap3,"Hey Everyone! I see you are checking out Subnautica reviews! Well I hope this review will be helpful in some form or fashion.As I am sure you are aware from the Subnautica store page, this is a survival type game based in the ocean. What you may not be aware of (and the reason you are probably looking at reviews) is that this game is awesome! The devs are extremely active and posting new updates to the Experimental branch of the game seemingly daily.Also, for an early access game, it feels quite polished already, the graphics are beautiful, sound track is awesome, and the crafting system is fairly robust I would say. I also like that the way you get more advanced equipment and structures is by scanning fragments, which forces you to explore the ocean :-)Something else I would like to mention is the different biomes they have setup, so many awesome and wonderful things to see on the ocean floor, just watch out for some of the things that tend to live in the deep ;-)Definitely a game I would buy again if I didn't already have it! If you guys want to see some gameplay, I have a Let's Play series on YouTube and there are many others as well."
76561198159892048,Recommended,264710,28672823,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,i like what you got|hellcase.com,"Great game, always loved to watch it on youtube but it CONSTITENTLY CRASHES for no reason."
76561198115642559,Recommended,264710,31464881,Posted: 30 April,all,Mr.Mango,this game is really good and it still in ealy access but it so good you can bases and submarines and fun stuff do do withi say buy this this is good!
,Recommended,264710,21920656,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Terijaki,"Exciting underwater exploration! There is a nice mix of calm diving and thrilling danger of the deep dark. Although the game is still in development, there is enough content available to justify its price."
76561198011345885,Recommended,264710,23079922,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ryancboshell,"Superb game, getting better with every update"
76561197980350336,Recommended,264710,23098633,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Miss Vera,"I got this game quite awhile back, but didn't really get into it until recently. They implemented a lot of changes that really helped the game come together, and now it's ridiculously fun. It's considered early access, but feels complete. I've played several ""finished"" games that were riddled with bugs, but in this game i've found none. Not only is the gameplay smooth and decently optimized, but everything is absolutely gorgeous. I've never put much stock in things like graphics and scenery, but when every moment you spend in a game is surrounded by gorgeous scenery, it really changes your experience. Great artistry, gameplay and music. A game definitely worth trying."
,Recommended,264710,23108892,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ech (°□°),"Ten oudda ten! Best Ocean survival game on a alien planet ever.Good job Unknown Worlds Entertainment, you made one of the best games on steam :DProsConsVast Ocean enviromentMaterials don't respawnGreat GraphicsSome bugsCool NPCs"
,Recommended,264710,31466980,Posted: 30 April,all,admiralnlson,"Great ♥♥♥♥ing game.Very immersive survival/exploration. Smooth gameplay, top notch quality overall.Still in early access, but that's only because the devs seem to be really committed to their roadmap, finishing the exploration ""end game"" and getting everything to where they want it.No need to wait though, anything else's gonna be cherry on top at this point.If you have thalassophobia, face your fears and play this game!If you don't have thalassophia, you will. :D11/10Tempted to buy a VR headset just for this."
76561198124971899,Recommended,264710,22576014,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,💣 Jihad Rebel,"Probably the best early access game I've ever played. Beautiful, fun, and has developers that are active in the community with at least 1-2 decent or major updates monthly. There's a pretty good amount of buildings and blueprints to build things so far, especially if you use the developer code (cheats) so that you don't need to spend hours farming resources. I've spent 90% of this game using cheats and I've still managed to enjoy almost 50 hours of the game. The only negatives I've had so far are that the game is still in early access, so occasionally a reaper will spawn very close to you if you are in a few specific biomes, and that the game is very time consuming to find resources if you don't use cheats (Plus resources and fish don't respawn without cheats).Great game, worth at least $30 in my opinion even though its priced less."
,Recommended,264710,23270198,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Mehdrescher.,"This game is absolutely awesome, one of the few single player (!) games that absolutely tied me since oblivion.I can only recommend this, awesome feelings guarenteed!The sound track of this game has to be noted, too, due to it's absolute athmospheric and game-supporting character.Whew."
76561197996662585,Recommended,264710,25348677,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Legion,"The only Early Access game I can endorse.Here are some of the pros:  The dev's are constantly and consistently updating the game.  Pretty major updates come on a monthly basis more or less.  I start a new game and play through the content everytime a new update hits Steam.  The environments, creatures, technologies, and sounds (omg the sounds are fantastic) are very imaginative and immersive; the dev's do an amazing job at bringing this whole other world and ecosystem to life.  My personal phobia is the deep ocean, particularly water I cannot see through, and I have to tell ya I get so immersed in this game that my fear actually manifests more than I would like to admit while playing this game.  Sometimes resulting in me having to take a break and walk away from the computer to calm my anxiety haha!  For that to happen in a game that focuses on immersion and exploration I would say the dev's freaking nailed it and to me makes this game a solid 9/10 for it's genre.  I would most definitely give it 10/10 if it retained all of it's current charms once it is finished.Anyway, it does have a downside or two at the moment.  A recurring, but by no means game breaking, one I have ran in to is wreckage spawning above the waterline and floating in mid air.  It typically happens in specific place on my map (not sure if it is different for other players or if it even happens for them) but it is an area that I usually do not use so it doesn't cause me any issues.  It just generates a laugh or two when I surface my submarines and see it off in the distance.  Another thing I can see causing a little bit of frustration for players is how slowly the game draws, renders, and frame rate especially if you do not have an SSD and are using an HDD.  I recently upgraded to an SSD and it worked wonders for the draw speed and framerate issues I was having.  Now the hard terrain pretty much renders quickly and as expected (some tearing between textures at distance and sometimes even at close range); however, the detail and a lot of the time lifeforms are delayed in rendering... even if they are just a few meters in front of you.  This tends to be most noticible when you change your direction and field of view quickly.  Noticible... but not too distracting for me.  I kind of got used it.  Lastly, as you are aware it is an Early Access title so naturally it is unfinished.  But that goes without saying when it comes to EAG titles (I reiterate that the Dev's constantly release major, and free... I am looking at you Ark, updates).In conclusion I bought this game some time ago, over a year I am pretty sure, for $15 and it was no where near the state it is in now.  Even then it was worth every single dollar of the $15 pricetag.  Now in it's current state it is really, REALLY worth it's $20.  However, if you still have reservations about spending $20 on a EAG title lucky for you this game goes on sale all the time!"
76561198183465601,Recommended,264710,31471788,Posted: 30 April,all,Billy Bob Joe,Amazing Game. If the Multiplayer Comes out it will be a Blockbuster.
,Recommended,264710,17633457,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Unix,"I have owned this game for a while now, and I must say, it has to be one of the best early access games I've ever played. The graphics are spectatular, and the creatures are creepy as ♥♥♥♥. If your looking for a horror game, this is it."
,Recommended,264710,16829706,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Kooshination,Wonderful game. Congratulations to Unknown Worlds Entertainment for making such an adventurous and scary game. Only problem is that a glitch of walking happens when you teleport from biomes.
,Recommended,264710,25983569,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,jr2,"Amazing game, it has quite captured my imagination.  Well worth it.In a word: Immersive (no pun intended).Amazing gameplay, devs constantly working on updates.  Got me hook, line, and sinker (ok, that joke's intended ;) ).If you need help, post on the Subnautica forums (http://forums.unknownworlds.com/categories/subnautica)"
,Recommended,264710,28635772,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,JUDGE BREAD,Highly recommend this game to anyone/everyone! Especially during the sales when it is 50% off! Bargain for such an enjoyable experience. Most suprising is the fact that its an early access game but everything feels so polished.
,Recommended,264710,25004921,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ChRoNic EniGmA,"Fantastic game!I have a fear of water and an awe of water, so this fulfills both.There is so much to see and do.This is alot like no mans sky in a sense of scaning alot of stuff and cataloging it, which I love. But the building and survival and the whole consistantantly under water thing is all so well done. UWE does it again with another great game. NS2 was great, so is this one.I've sunk in 40 hours into this game and havent even seen 50% of available worldspace, or built 50% of the craftable items either. With more updates coming out and an actual story planned, rather than simply ""survive""; I'm really looking forward to 1.0."
76561198105298631,Recommended,264710,16829034,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Dry | Cooker,"I think this is by FAR the best survival game becuase of its creativity and aslo beucase it is not reppetitive. The developers have done a very good job at fixing all the bugs and adding stuff every week. I, as a person who is scared of the ocean beucase of sharks and other creatures, did not hesitate to explore and adventure beyond the bounderies. i recoment this game of people who like games like Stranded Deep and Mincraft and those who want to have their own adventure.P.S please give us a way to store the cyclops into our bases and add the sea emporor!"
,Recommended,264710,16835817,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Cosmic Isle,"Beautiful Game.  The graphics, sound and visual design really come together to make this alien ocean feel alive and real.The biomes are varied and fantastic.  Exploration on its own is rewarding because of how much variety there is.  The crafting system is not overly complex, and does not get in the way of the exploration.  The sound is spot on, the sounds of the ocean around you only add to the immersion(submersion?).It is early access, so there is not a ton to do right now unless you enjoy building bases and endlessly fiddling with them.  I managed to craft the cyclops(largest sub, like a mobile base) after about a day of gameplay, but even then maintaining the thing gives you a lot to do as well.  You can find and craft upgrades for it and being able to dock your small submersible inside it is also really cool.This game is pretty polished visually already, there were occasional glitches but nothing too severe.  Another thing worth pointing out are the animations of the sealife, they are really well done for the most part and lend personality to all the different organisms you will encounter.8/10 Lots to see in this deep blue sea."
76561198043546247,Recommended,264710,35445445,Posted: 3 October,all,Sullenfrost,"amazing graphics, great gameplay, scary creatures,"
,Recommended,264710,35475095,Posted: 4 October,all,TAKTICAL MAVERICK hellcase.com,awesome game love it i cant wait to see what it is going to be like when its done
,Recommended,264710,29476976,Posted: 24 January,all,Claus,"I don't give good reviews usually because lets face it, games are often rushed, half arsed or simply incomplete. In a sea of crap there may only be a handful of games that really appeal to you and i have found this to be one of them.You can just tell when someone cares about their work and not, subnautica is updated so often sometimes i can't even get my download finished before the next update (experimental) is here.If i had to nitpick and i always do, i think the depth of the map is rather lacking with 4000 meters, exploring is really what this game is about and i can see myself doing it for a long time as long as there are new things to explore, randomly generated maps would give us this.I will update my review as the game progress, but it will always be on recommended."
76561198104052985,Recommended,264710,35425895,Posted: 2 October,all,✪NoSoundGGardul,The scariest game i have ever played
,Recommended,264710,19539286,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Cat(amaine)y,playing this game made me learn a lot about myselflike that I have a huge fear of the ocean
,Recommended,264710,23826639,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Anonymous Player,Awesome survival game
76561198095879503,Recommended,264710,24715343,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,slepshet,"9.5/10 Awesome game, great graphics, but bugs need to be fixed"
76561198048034277,Recommended,264710,19643214,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Aburn,what a great game! cant wait for the finished product just wow
,Recommended,264710,15259605,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Cotton Picker,I like turtles!!!!!!!
76561198140526067,Recommended,264710,29281810,Posted: 15 January,all,Childish Sadbino,"Karl Tanner does not own this game but somehow he is♥♥♥♥♥♥at it, why does this occur????"
76561198151066948,Recommended,264710,28367281,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TheMysteriousMrE,"Great game, can't wait for Multi-player!"
,Recommended,264710,22487778,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Bar Cal,To say this game is amazing is an understatement.  The graphics and world quality are truly a work of art.  Be warned this is a game that will eat productivity and complete hours without you being aware.  If that isn't a recommendation of high entertainment I do not know what could be.
,Recommended,264710,24898669,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Hyporcite,10/10 thalassophobia simulator
,Recommended,264710,25546426,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,monsternazz | Ecks Dee,"An amazing game! Very origional idea, I just can't stop playing! And i cant wait to see what the updates will bring!"
,Recommended,264710,25155657,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Cyrotechnium,"-Went down to a really ♥♥♥♥ing deep biome (Won't spoil it)-Heard a Reaper sound-FPS dropped all the way to 0-Can't move or look around-Can hear Reaper in background-FPS goes back to 56-Gets eaten11/10 Would get killed by FPS againBut seriously, buy the game. You can get a pet by buying the Early Access version."
,Recommended,264710,27438325,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pedophile,greate game to♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants at night
76561198305741403,Recommended,264710,25913351,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Scifiwriterguy,"Subnautica is one of those games that seems like it has to be derivative of others in the genre until you play it -- then you realize that this is the next evolution.Survival games are a dime a dozen now, but Subnautica manages to make it a fresh experience through the addition of a lot of saltwater. Unlike other, similar games like Stranded Deep, Subnautica completely divorces you from your comfort zone: solid ground. It's also unique in that it practically lets you play as you choose. If you want to be safe and avoid dangerous wildlife, you can; if you want to take some risks in return for some reward, you can do that, too. There are no tasks, no quests, no defined path you are ""meant"" to take. Your job is the same as someone in the situation of the game: survive.It's a game that requires thought and finesse -- there's no way to ""tank"" your way through Subnautica. Base-building, which is an integral part of the same, is well-developed and easy, making it a great example of how base-building mechanics should be.Finally, even though it is early access, the developer is extremely active and interacts with the playing community wonderfully. This isn't the typical early access; the difference between Subnautica as it is now and a final-release version from a AAA game company is so slight as to make no difference.So it's well worth your time and a little coin to get this great game. And, don't worry, thalassophobes: there's some scary deep down there, but you'll do just fine."
,Recommended,264710,19337992,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,CooperEdits,This game is just amazing! If you like a game underwater exploration and surviving is this perfect!!
,Recommended,264710,14945399,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Lucky,"glorium 1fps, died by spooge XD 1176342534566666george"
,Recommended,264710,29059460,Posted: 6 January,all,armadaxster,"Launch from a falling space ship on a life pod.Survive in the life pod as it hits to the ocean.Explore the area.Gather resources.Build a base.Collect blueprints.Gather strategic resources.Build a submarine (which is op and most fun btw).Go 1000m deep in the ocean.Unveil the mighty ancient alien civilization.But then, out of nowhereGet killed by a cave crab...10/10 would get killed by a crab one more time."
76561198113393671,Recommended,264710,20583649,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,xX$RaptorDeagon$Xx,This a great game and its  been awile since i played a underwater survival game
76561197983373520,Recommended,264710,14983337,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,ManRammer,"Water = CheckStronk = CheckStronkest game EU = Check10 out of stronk.Summary: H2O, scary, amazing, stronk. Also, sea monster stronk. Me not so stronk. Me swim. Stronkest won. Me food."
76561198062480113,Recommended,264710,33189509,Posted: 3 July,all,FairyWishPrince,"Very good, Can play for hours"
76561198170894182,Recommended,264710,33158311,Posted: 2 July,all,smeagolfan,this game is so good...at the start u kinda get thrown into the game with no explenation but once u get by that it is so much fun
,Recommended,264710,14583268,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,|NOV-ST|Rayheat ✅,As child I always wanted a game where I can adventure the deep blue in my own submarine. And get out of that said submarine. Unkown worlds has gave me what i wanted. After looking at lets plays and other reviews. I came to conclude that this game. Even in its earlist form. Is the best game I ever played. Its crafting system is easy. The monsters are unique and change from the places you have been. But in its buggy state. I would reccomend this to people who enjoy playing early acess games. The devs are really open to stuff they have been doing.And this community is full of people who want to explore the deep blue too! So hop in your lifepod and press that little button that says eject!
76561198337486540,Recommended,264710,29261363,Posted: 14 January,all,cajcork,this is one of the best games ever
76561197970328600,Recommended,264710,31234210,Posted: 19 April,all,Tribu,As ususal i keep this short.Very nice base building exploration game. Frequent updates and solid gameplay. Only thing id really miss with it is the multiplayer mode.
,Recommended,264710,33747658,Posted: 23 July,all,Macky,"This game is by far the best £15 you will ever spend on a game in the current years. It isn't in any way tedious at all but very time consuming (in a good way). This game makes you play more and more, it constantly gives you options on what to do. You will be gathering materials for one thing and something else will branch off onto something else. To say this game is still in early access, it is filled with enjoyment and you feel a sense of achievement when finishing either a personal quest or a story line quest, something that most triple A games don't have these days. The best part is that you aren't forced to do anything, everything is your decision. Even the story doesn't tell you exactly what to do, it gives you a brief idea like ""More exploration of the Aurora may help the understanding of..."" - something like that. It's never like call of duty ""press F to repair"", etc. You have to do it all manually, it's glorious. Another good part of this game is that, nothing glows on the sea bed, you have to look for everything. Nothing is dumbed-down in this game, it is about as difficult as it looks but wants you to keep playing. The emersion in this game is absolutely amazing; I genuinely feel scared when a reaper leviathan comes out of nowhere and jumps onto your seamoth, shaking the sh*t out of your screen.One disappointing factor about Subnautica is that there is no real consequence of dying, you just respawn and go back to get your seamoth if it is left where you died. Another disappointing factor is that this game can be a little boring if you're not doing something at the same time. For example: listening to music, talking to friends or commentating. I do find that listening to music ruins the emersion a little bit but there are other things to do along-side. It's different for everybody, but I personally feel that it's slightly boring when just playing this game and doing nothing else.My final complaint is that this game is screaming for co-op, it really is. Maybe this will be added in the future but in my personal opinion, this game was almost built for co-op. This may or may not change - there is a lot of people asking for this feature to be implemented."
76561198000067842,Recommended,264710,19603612,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,SoloS,Imaginitive in ways no other survival game can match. Truly immersive.-Game is being updated regularly with a good combination of bug fixes and new content.
,Recommended,264710,22907834,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Valkyrie,I wanted this game ever since I saw EMD play it ages ago. Finally bought it and it's amazing. Totally unique and many hours of fun come out of it. 10/10
,Recommended,264710,15633115,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Tigroon,"Short Version: The only Early Access that has not turned to regret over time. And with that, it gets a 10/10 golden review. Beautiful game.Long Version: Here's the lowdown. I'll pass a bit of a summary past you guys, and then get to the meat and bones of this review.__________________________You're the lone survivor of a ship designed to retrofit planets for colonization for other humans, in the year 2XXX. As your ship approached the planet, it gets hit with an unknown energy pulse, crashes, and you are ejected unconcious in a survival pod. As you awaken, you find yourself on the planet within your small pod, surrounded with water. Who woulda guessed the planet was simply one big body of water? The designers of the ship, of course!In the event of a catastrophic faliure resulting in the death of pretty much the whole crew, your little life boat was equipt with three Energy Cells, and a futuristic workbench capable of creating most of what you'd need for survival. The only issue is getting what you need for survival. That requires going beneath the waves of a beautiful, yet hostile alien ocean.And so you decend into the depths of the sea, to both locate supplies for survival, and hopefully, in further updates, the reason of the crash._______________________That summary said, may I say this is one of the most immersive, and as /v/ says, comfy games I frankly have ever played. As someone that has gone deep water scuba diving, it hits the mark. The creatures around you are alien, yet familiar, and just as diverse. The waters around you are lush with life, and resources. Many of the creatures, while they can do damage, are not hostile. It is clear that some of them simply protect their nests, and their territory, simply seeking to chase you out, or attack you out of competition. Others, simply see you as a food source, and will happily gnaw on a leg while you try to swim away.The flora in this game are absolutely breath taking as you continue to other biomes outside of your comfort zone. Large stalks of glowing fungi in deep, dark caves. Trees of Coral further out, with large glowing jellyfish like creatures, without the jelly fish cap. Islands, floating on stationary creatures. Large predators that suddenly come out of the blue yonder without warning, to grasp your small vessel, and thrash it about like nothing else, simply to get at the tender center inside the hard shell ( You. ).It's frightening, and yet peaceful at the same time. The creator found a balance rarely found in games in this era.Moving on to the nitty gritty from this, due to early access, there are bugs. But, there are also bug patches every night, as the updates go to show, and there are large updates every three to four weeks, five if it's a massive update that's about to hit, which usually adds an hour or two to game time. The recent release of the new update, featuring your crashed ship, the Aurora, has added a multitude of new features, and content.Simply put, this game is steadily developing, the creator listens to the community, and it shows no signs of stopping soon. To be frank, this title is highly promising.Still, Early Access is not without risk. That is for you to deem whether or not it is worth buying. But, in my opinion, this is one that you won't want to miss out on.I give this my gold star rating. It runs well, plays well, and is probably the best game I've played in years. I look forward to many more hours playing this game, and delving into the depths with the future updates."
,Recommended,264710,22083890,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Hope-,"Buy it. Its good. I promise.EDIT:This game is amazing, i can't say it any more than i already am. Ive seen alot of people complaining about the game crashing, im not sure if its their computer, or their game thats the problem, because ive never crashed in my lifespan of playing subnautica.EDIT 2:11/10"
,Recommended,264710,24872863,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,toktorill,Swam a bit.  Collected some stuff.  Built some stuff.  It was fun.
76561197991962805,Recommended,264710,14171259,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Slick Willeh,Doesn't suck
76561198083155034,Recommended,264710,29573203,Posted: 29 January,all,Little Beast,"For someone who is SCARED ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of the ocean, one would think this game would only make that fear worse. And that is exactly right. Holy hell this game is creepy. But I love it nonetheless."
,Recommended,264710,19043460,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,TipsyWaffles,i would recomedn this game to any1 who likes survival games and aliens
76561198210234963,Recommended,264710,18832857,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Music = Pootis,Simply amazing. If you like Stranded Deep then I highly reccomend this game.
76561198384286586,Recommended,264710,34400055,Posted: 21 August,all,Derelict Mind,"You probably won't enjoy this game if: you ignorantly charge into things, suffer from thalassophobia, or suffer from xenophobia.Unlike many of the other survival games, this one actually gives you a reason to explore, it gives you purpose; one you will find out as you play.I personally get anxiety when I play this game, and I LOVE it. Look, I understand thatit's just a gamebut I play to experience. 25 hours later I still can't get over the sensation of horror when I look around me and theres nothing, and below me... an abyss.The game isn't about slaughtering everything you see, even when you reach the end-tier you still will be like an ant to the monsters that live below. It's reassuring when your PDA warns you of ""leviathan class"" fauna located all around you.I don't feel the need to mention all the things you can do in the game, simply because it's more enjoyable when you discover it all for yourself. The developers are hard at work on the game, consistently pushing out large updates that are flooded with content and bug fixes. As an early access game, it has it's flaws, but it's wonderful compared to other early access. At it's current state, it's worth the $20. If they stopped all production, I'd still be pleased with the game, but they won't. They aren't finished and this game is made with love.If you feel like challenging yourself, fighting off that brooding fear that some leviathan will devour you, then buy the game, support the devs, they deserve it."
,Recommended,264710,24581441,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,EleventhHourSuperPower,"Welcome to The Deep EndSubnautica. Its fun, intuitive, interesting, scary and downright awe inspiring. Let's look at some specifics.ConceptUnderwater Survival. Your mining/science vessel crash lands on an ocean planet. You're the only survivor. Use the planets fauna, flora, and equipment found on the ocean floor to overcome your lack of supplies. Eventually, create your own home base under the waves and head out into the deep ocean for better treasures. SCIENCE!GraphicsDepending on your Rig, the water can be almost life-like or it can be a choppy mess of wobbly textures. At high power, the game is devistatingly beautiful. Clear shallows make you feel safe and cheerful during the day as the sunlight dances through the water and reflects on the sandy floor. At night it becomes awash in luminecent colors and lights as the vegitation flows in the current and the fauna dart away from noises that might spell danger. Murky kelp forest give you a sense that a Stalker may be hiding behind any vine and deeper still water is a plummeting void; an open maw that will fill and man with visions of terrifying gigantic creatures.It's super pretty. Really. Very cool art design.SoundAquatic bloops and laping waves fill your ears above and below the surface. Futuristic machinery hums and articulates believably. smaller flora click and whine when you draw near. Bigger predators still roar and warn you of an incoming butt-munching. Make no mistake, every creature has a different call and when they see you, you'll know. I had to throw out the short I was wearing when I met my first Reaper Leviathon. Its call is haunting from far away and downright terrifying when it's got it's toothy maw near your ears.UpdatesThese developers love their game. It's easy to see. They constantly strive to make the gameplay, sound, visuals, and everything in between better. They love it and I know you will too.GameplayGameplay can be summed up pretty easily. Dont Die. Build stuff to make not dying easier. But there are plenty of things to build and all of them are worth the time. The first time you watch a submersive being phased to life in the air before dropping into the brine with a splash and a groan of metal, it will put a smile on your face. From planting life saving trees and resource rich kelp to finally building the collosal Cyclops submarine, every creation is a treat.There are three modes of play: Exploration, a mode based around getting out into the ocean without the pesky risk of dying of dehydration and starvation. Though you can still be eaten and you still have lungs. Watch those gauges. Survival: The meat and bones of the game. Survive. Exist. Thrive in your new habitat. Eat weird fish. Drink water that comes from a suit that cleans and sterilizes your own bodily fluid. Hardcore: Perma-death, baby. Be careful. One slip into the maw of a hungry alien shark and its bye-bye cruel water world. It has a little something for everyone. Those craving a challenge, to survival junkies like me and even into the more casual players.It is worth noting that there's very little in the way of lethal weapinry in this game. Big predators are best evaded. A bevy of futuristic tech is at your disposal, thankfuly. From the time slowing Stasis Rifle to the shotgun like Repulsor Cannon. Even your hand-made submersible torpedoes are equiped, not with explosives, but a gravitational vortex generator that will pull in and hold most things as you make your get away. you will be able to defend yourself, but its alweays best to not pick a fight with angry, toothy fish in it's natural environmentOverallI love this game. That's all I can say. It's a fantastically made product. Even if it is still being put together. It's new, it's siny and it's addicting as hell. In my opinion, it's the best survival games made to date.Get your flippers and jump in. The water's great!"
76561198034670185,Recommended,264710,34460370,Posted: 24 August,all,Alpharius,"One of the best games I've played. Ignoring the bad optimisation and bug issues, this game is incredibly immersive and will have you literally holding your breath as you dive into the unknown depths. Slowly piloting your sub through the vast, deep darkness is a thrillingly horrifying experience that I certainly did not expect coming from a game with arcade-ish graphics."
,Recommended,264710,15029761,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,ROBEЯT,Needs co-op. Gotta build those giant seabases with friends.
,Recommended,264710,15028766,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Trackpad Hero,"Watched 2 videos and bought it the next day.  Definatly not a dissapointment.  If you are looking for a game that you can have a relaxing time playing then this is the game for you... well unless you♥♥♥♥♥♥off a bone shark, then all I can tell you is run. Other then a few things here and there that are a little glitchy (what do you expect, it's an early access game) It runs quite smootly.  The graphics look beautiful and even with low graphics the game looks wonderful.  This is one of those early access games that is better then some full games, and it doesn't even have everything in it yet.  I can't wait for whats to come. Oh, and one last thing, the dev team for this game are one of the best, always talking to the community and listening to what we want.  Fantastic, absolutly fantastic"
76561198009349112,Recommended,264710,17577778,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Igniteous,"One of the most immersive and beautiful games I have ever enjoyed playing.  I seriously can't wait for more content... I wish it were done now.   I want it now, now, now.  I know it's still early accesss and not done yet.  But when you play it...  It feels like a completed game while playing it."
,Recommended,264710,34450425,Posted: 23 August,all,DaxB,Buy this game because everything about it is good. No negatives in my opinion unless you have the constant need to be with another person in game. That would ruin it tho because the secluded feeling of this game is so special. Super worth $20
,Recommended,264710,30981968,Posted: 6 April,all,VERY VERY LOUD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"Not the most optimised game I've ever played, but definitely one of my favorites! A surprisingly large amount of content resides in this very colorful game. Can be quite spooky at times, especially if you were to have any water-related phobia. I recommend to buy this game at any time between now and afted the game releases."
76561197972145358,Recommended,264710,28606639,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ZieOmega,"If you love survival and being released into the unknown then you will love this game. I've been a minecraft fan forever and it's nice to experience a different approach in this futurist oceanish survival world. Granted, its early access but the bugs are very minimal with minor larger fish colliding but that's rare from what I see. I'm like other Vive VR owners and hate BS cr@pware demos here but this is a nice find for a small $10 with sale.My specs:i7 6700 3.4ghzSSD OS (64bit) 1T sataGeforce GTX 970 4G16G RAM DDR3Graphics @ max (local PC) = 9 out 10Graphics @ max (Vive VR) = 5 out 10 (video studders and need to run @ lower settings)Gameplay (PC mode) = 10 (Game modes are like Minecraft. You can play survival, hardcore, creative etc.)Gameplay (Vive VR) = 7 out of 10 (the vive controllers are not used but you can use gamepad or mouse/keyboard)Cost = $10 @ 50% off (well worth it!)Story line = 8 out of 10 (You really feel like you're stranded and trying to survive. Keep in mind I have not finished it so I may bump this up)Crafting aspect = 8 out of 10 (not bad but I've been spoiled with other games. Has great potiental if it goes multiplayer)Game crashing = I have yet to see it crash in 4 hours of gameplay....Bugs (Vive VR) = go graphic low setting to resolve graphic tears. High settings will glitch like crazy. Larger fish will collide and flip around. etc. As for other bugs, I have yet to see more.Sound Quality = 10 out of 10 (wow, the sound...ummmm wow!). Give that sound editor a raise!All in all, I will say this is a game to buy for folks that love playing a survival solo open world game. You really have to think and manage your inventory when you first start. The devs are doing a super job and bringing the experience to a personal level when it comes to at your own pace.Hope this helps others!"
76561198042074091,Recommended,264710,32009595,Posted: 27 May,all,the haha gamer,i freaking love this game right now i have over a 100 hours and i recommand this game alot
76561198056301315,Recommended,264710,33231328,Posted: 4 July,all,tritodd,Could you please add multiplayer in Subnautica?  And you don't have to work on the face or the head.  And I bought subnautica as a gift for my brother for multiplayer.
76561197999430446,Recommended,264710,14842288,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,All Might,Awesome game you just need to see to appreciate.
76561198039862379,Recommended,264710,17292887,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Merc.A | KING,"The best early acces game ever. Money well spent, perfect price."
,Recommended,264710,14062954,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,FrankenPC,This game has GREAT potential.  As of 1/18/15 this is still an early alpha.  Looking forward to seeing this game mature.  The underwater landscape is already great.  Very colorful and full of a wide variety of objects and life.
,Recommended,264710,14516166,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,jbb060,"One of the most evocative games I've played, perfectly captures the feeling of being underwater with a vibrant and engaging world.Had to stop myself playing as I don't want to see everything before the final release, but I've had more than my money's worth already."
76561197974999426,Recommended,264710,18034434,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Black Death,"This game is an example for everything that can be done great in terms of the execution of a fresh idea. And exploring a alien planet in the first perspective is something that only video games, or interactive entertainment, can deliver so directly. It's a game I have been wating to be made for many, many years. And these fine ladies and gentlemen delivered like a Sir.This game is fresh, fascinating, well designed (especially for Early Access), the presentation and sound design is solid, it has a lot of content for e.a., is already relatively polished and it is refreshingly non violent. - Although it does have some combat that is just enough to fit into this world of atmospheric exploration and amazing discovery.It is also a game children can enjoy and their parents. Aswell as scientifically interested teens. And considering how many more or less badly executed products are out there for this target audience of family entertainment and education, this makes this game stand apart. Because you may not learn that much about biology, but you might find yourself ingrained with a love for life, nature, the sea and the exotic habitats our own planet can offer. Because after all well done science fiction also makes you see your own planet in a new light.When I played Subnautica for the first time, the sense of wonder and the atmosphere could almost be compared to my first time descending on an alien planet with Samus Aran on the SNES. Also there is also a relatively good amount to do already and, which I really like, you can turn off food, drink and energy demand, fully concentrating on the crafting and exploration part. A feedback function is directly built in, the developers are working quickly and thoroughly.After all is said and done, I'd really like to see a game like this as a representation for the diversity of interactive entertainment and not a view reduced to Mortal Kombat 23."
,Recommended,264710,19925447,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SwedeGodx,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing and i ♥♥♥♥ing love it
76561198089033700,Recommended,264710,24927059,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Horizon,"As of 11:50 on August 14, 2016, 19,000 people liking this game can't be wrong.Its fun, plain and simple.Well worth the twenty USD. You won't regret it.Obligatory Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,264710,34987577,Posted: 15 September,all,Long For...,"这一次评测只为一个人，吃喝不愁的live，一位国内的汉化补丁制作人，他的补丁优秀，更新速度快，翻译准确，整洁，很舒服的汉化补丁。这么优秀的我们国内的制作人朋友，于2017年3月15日因胃癌晚期及转移，永远的离开了我们。缅怀这位伟大，奉献的朋友R.I.P OUR BEST FRIEND, He's free to translate for Chinese players，real warrior, brave fight against cancer, his translation patch updated to February 5, 2017, died on March 15, 2017, his name is 'not worried about food and drink`s live', real warrior."
76561197980569989,Recommended,264710,14301468,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cutter,"Even though it's early and there's not a ton to do, I enjoy what I'm seeing so far.  This isn't so much of a game as it is a 'chillaxin' simulator. Yes, you can play survival mode, but so far I've been cruising around with survival mode off just checking out the beauty of this ocean world.  It's particularly beautiful - and somewhat spooky - at night. It reminds me of Scooby Doo's ""The Ghostly Creep from the Deep"". I also like to hum the Little Mermaid's ""Under the Sea"" as I swim around.If you're looking for a underwater sim to relax in this is the way to go. For 20 clams I don't think you'll go wrong.Edit: As the updates roll out this keeps getting better and better with more stuff to do. Giant subs, sea-bases, etc. I like where this is goin'!"
76561198154261526,Recommended,264710,31934187,Posted: 24 May,all,YAM1111,good game:steamhappy:
,Recommended,264710,14628623,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,seaofthesky,"If you are anything like me and you are fascinated by the ocean depths, this is certainly a game for you. It has an immense amount of potential, as depths have been discovered of up to 3000 meters and plans for the Sea Emperor have been made. The amount of content that this game could contain is huge. Definitely an Early Access game worth buying."
,Recommended,264710,33146460,Posted: 2 July,all,Uraniusderpy <3,very amazing the graphich is just awesome  xD
,Recommended,264710,14537723,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,RODE_85,This game is beautiful and fun to play. I recommend for sure. I watched a 30 minute video of gameplay and decided I had to buy it right away.
76561198075088602,Recommended,264710,25607247,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,SanPaï,Without a doubt the best exploring survival game. Solid 5/7
,Recommended,264710,19319549,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Thunderstar,"Fantasic! So many hidden dangers, so much to explore, and theres more coming! Love this game!"
,Recommended,264710,29509156,Posted: 26 January,all,Wince,"last full playthrough:power nap update june 2016 following the progress on a regular basis since via the forum""Remember: Subnautica, is a work-in-progress. This is the fun of Early Access, shaping a game over time rather than just throwing a finished product at people and hoping it works.""imo slowly translating from what could have been a very unique title to something more standard and classic.mixed / melted earth locations encounter poetry of the devs feelable a few month back is slowly fading away.A good title, but i m currently a bit dubitative regarding a few specific gameplay balance headings:explo//survival//story//contemplative//grind//base building"
76561198085573274,Recommended,264710,14641489,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Armada Devinshi,The game not full yet BUT! the game still worth it. I do recommand it if they keep giving us more amazing updates.
,Recommended,264710,29319698,Posted: 17 January,all,"2,4-DNPH","I got fascinated by this open world survival game. It's like minecraft, so do I love it.The only bad thing about this game is there is not many guides or walkthroughs. (I really don't know what to do!)"
76561198029932876,Not Recommended,264710,29435495,Posted: 22 January,all,dballr530,"* GAME CRASHES AFTER 15-20 HOURS AS OF 1/22/2017 FOR EVERYONE*I generally hate writing in caps but in this situation, I believe it to be warranted. Outside of the MAJOR issue which I listed above, this game is utterly fantastic. It is beautiful in almost every way. The game feels balanced. The artwork is fantastic. I feel the perfect balance of serenity and fear. Towards the end of my last save, I made it to this area called the ""Grand Reef"". I won't give anything away but It was daunting. It was stunningly beautiful but filled with danger. I was equal parts excited to explore and ready to get the f' out of there. I could feel my stomach sink as I reached about 500m in the Cyclops. Very few games have made me feel this way without VR.I think the game could add a ton of new content which the Devs have... but until they fix the game crashes it's not worth it. Other commenters have already explained that there are work arounds but those are temporary at best. I work as a System's Administrator and the last thing I want to do is hack away at a fix. I'm not upset or frustrated because this game is in Alpha but it does stop me from recommending this game. I've had steam now for over 6 years and have never written a review before. I love this game so much and I hope the devs fix the crashes. It's been known for months now and it's time for them to set some priorities. No more content should be added until they fix the crashes. Once they do, I'll not only change my review but I'll buy a few copies for my friends. The game is fantastic and it deserves to shine."
76561198294029951,Recommended,264710,23721891,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Tita914,"-plays_""forgets account passowrd""-1/2 years later gets account back-""opens subnautica""-screen is black and nothing happens-:(its a good game when it works"
,Recommended,264710,28195828,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,viri,Pinnacle of survival games on steam
,Recommended,264710,14398521,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Htimez2,"One of if not the best crafting survival game I have ever played and the cherry on top It's Under Water! Amazing graphics and regular updates and tons of content you never get bored of are just a few reasons I definitely recommend getting this game. If you buy one game this year, Subnautica is the one to buy. Best dev team I have ever seen on an early access game, which honestly has more then enough content to keep you busy while they finish. Been playing this game for a long time now and it has not bored me yet, alwasy something fun and new to build/craft/ or Explore. BUY THIS GAME NOW YOU WONT REGRET IT!"
,Recommended,264710,26672140,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,themaelstorm,"As someone who enjoys the survival-builder type of games, Subnautica has been an amazing experience. The game presents a very unique environment: It is underwater, which can get very alien and also takes place in a fictional environment.The animals and flora seem well-thought and not random, evident by the in-game encyclopedia that explains evolutionary or functional insight into the creatures.In addition to that, the game doesn't give you the easy way out: You don't just find a strong weapon and shoot things. You find alternative tools (such as blasting enemies away) and have to make use of the raw materials to craft such tools and more.While you face vibrant colors and a breathtaking setting, the game is also very tense and bleak: You are stranded, alone and you need to survive.I'm only <9 hours into the game and I've already had a lot of fun and I realize I haven't really seen anything yet.Obviously the game is in Early Access at the moment and has a lot to improve but the developers ask for your feedback and seem to be pretty into it. I'm pretty sure I'll get my money's worth even at this stage of the game, but I also have trusted the developers.I advise everyone interested to buy the game to help its development. I guarantee you, if you like the concept you see in the pictures, you won't regret it.Edit: After about 150~ hours and several versions, my love for this game has only increased. Subnautica has definitely become one of my favorite games of all times and it's not even 1.0!"
76561198048813101,Recommended,264710,20509622,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Crowaca,"> Swims near the Aurora> Sees Reaper> I swim away> After 3 minutes of swimming, I look back> Reaper's face is at my feet10/10 Would ♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥ my Pants and scream like a girl again."
76561198088460031,Recommended,264710,28109400,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Classic,thalassophobia but the graphic cure my eyes!
,Not Recommended,264710,27926713,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Black Bean White Girl,"I don't know whether or not it's my computer or the game but when l first played this game l was getting 60-80fps. After taking a break from the game (1 day break), l came back, opened the game and l was getting 10-30fps. Something went wrong and l don't know what... so until the game has better optimisation or the game mysteriously runs better, l can not recommend this game."
76561198309612194,Not Recommended,264710,29408547,Posted: 21 January,all,~[MAD]~Brewski,"Honest to god, with a save that has 24 hours put into itTHE GAME WONT WORKthe game crashes every couple minutes from extremely bad renderingI have a gtx 1060I-516gb of ramand the game is on an ssdThe game wont function at alland I always have my settings on the lowest possibleThey need to fix thisThe More You Explore, The Worse The Game RunsOther than that, great game"
76561198037965871,Recommended,264710,19285549,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,titusmamet,Get this game now!  You will not be disappointed.  The artwork is beautiful. The glitch factor is pracitically nil.  The scare factor is through the roof.  I about knocked over my computer for the first time ever gaming and I've been gaming since Rainbow magazine.  This game is good now  and is only getting better with regular updates.
,Recommended,264710,30614838,Posted: 19 March,all,Dimensional Reaper,"I shouldn't have gotten this game. Not becuase its a bad game but because I'm terrified every moment of playing this game. There was this one moment where I had got up and went to the bathroom to ""clean up"", and my mate spawned in 8 reaper leviathans. And this game doesn't have a kill or disable command thus the only way for me to kill the guys are to shank them with a knife. But other than that this game has a weird waypoint system. I know this is a game of exploration but if you going to have waypoints on one thing and not the others then why bother. Here's a tip for those who read this far and are scared of the ocean stay near the bottom of the ocean it helps with your fear"
76561198309272858,Recommended,264710,30067241,Posted: 20 February,all,Milk Dud,Great game but im gonna give you the pros and cons of subnaticapros!~ ok first off subnatica is great and if you want it you should get it!~ two it has a good story!~3 ok this one is in the middle because it my review darn it! ok so just let me point out that THIS GAME IS VERY SPOOPY FOR SOME PEOPLE! I at leased♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my self once when playing this gameok now the cons~1 this game has some bugs. ok ok i get it some people out there are going to be mad at me well i have a mac first of alland it can get real annoying when im tryng to play then boom just crashes on me! and I have been waiting all day to play this game to get said NOPE you cant play~2   wait (looks at paper) i guess we are done here sooo um how are you guys...... i guess i will just end disthanks for looking at my stupid opinon now have a nice day and remeber buckle your seatbelt!
,Recommended,264710,21226538,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Spexxkri Shwrapcheff,Amazing Just Amazing
76561198250143100,Recommended,264710,22519492,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Hokage,it looks like it is going to be a really good game but its a big to early for me and not that much to do yet.
,Recommended,264710,22599228,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,[LAST] Rēpāribaiasan,"This is by far the best game I have ever played in my life.  The game is so real, it feels like it's actually happening to you!  The Fauna are amazing and the mechanics of the game are great!  Keep at it guys!"
76561198169107602,Recommended,264710,16981345,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,★Wannabe★,"Its Amazing it gives you a pretty good experience of whats its like to crash land in a alien world! You have to find food, survive, and get purified water! I recommend this game! Very good early access game! Everyone should play this game its great! :D Thanks for making this amazing game creators!"
,Recommended,264710,28723165,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ƸӜƷ Ğємнєαят,Underwater exploration w/ survival at the mix dodging GIGANTS of the sea that eat you in 1 bite.....  WHERE DO I SIGH IN?
,Recommended,264710,13477133,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Drafty Backpassage,"As a thalassophobe, this is a very challenging game."
,Recommended,264710,17677873,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Red,It's fun being a fish that needs oxygen
,Not Recommended,264710,28112276,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,lahmeh,"Earlier I would have recommended this game 100%, but in the past few updates the game has really gone down hill very quickly and it's simply just not enjoyable to play anymore.The reason it isn't anymore is because the game has gone from what used to be an amazing exploration/survival game filled with discovery, excitement and immersion to what is now a game where all you do is grind all the time and CONSTANTLY have to worry about battery/fuel for your vehicles and tools...Another big thing now is that everywhere you go there's always predators surrounding you and attacking you for no reason while you have basically no way to defend yourself, which makes it impossible to actually explore without knowing exactly where you need to go to find what you need and being extremely catious the entire time you're looking for it.So basically the way you play this game now is you have to use the wiki all the time to know exactly what to do and where to go so that you're less likely to die from the hundreds of things attacking you, only to find the item that's going to allow you to find the next one and make you do more grinding.TL;DR: Unless you enjoy doing nothing but grinding and not being able to go a mile from your safe zone without running out of power and food/water and then dying because you either starved to death or got killed by a predator because you had no way to defend yourself, don't waste your $20 on this game."
76561198170182559,Recommended,264710,19105703,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,[G💀R💀I💀M] PhantomFapper,fun and almost perfect  after you strat to understand the machanics but would be much funner if i could play it with my friend so in my opinion multiplayer would make this game better
76561198010693962,Recommended,264710,19969062,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,S.T.R,"I've bought this game after seeing a couple people play it on the youtubes, decided to buy it on a sale, and by the Great Beard of Grouchy Odin, I've enjoyed every hour of playing this game (even when the stalker killed me through 15cm of steel), I can and will recommend this to anyone, but don't expect this to glitch free, (early access), the amount of swimming you can do, and the satisfaction you get after crafting so many things to make your life easier! DAMN. This game is stunning, I've played it for a decent amount of time (All hours on hardcore, which I would recommend to anyone since it makes you really not want to die.), but all in all it lacks content. Sure it is early access so we can expect more  to be added, but it seriously needs more creatures (There aren't that many. Don't let the sounds fool you.) The biomes seem to repeat themselves a lot too. In my opinion the content needs to be tripled for it to become a fully fledged game.Small pros and cons list for the sake of it:Pros:- Beautiful game (with VR support)- Very atmospheric- Lots to explore- Surprisngly satisfying crafting system (imo)- Terra former gun (for making rock gentials. Get it!)- Supposedly will get better- Resources don't respawn! (YOU HAVE TO EXPLORE!!!)Cons (Mostly related to early access):- Needs more content (creatures, biomes, crafting)- Crafting needs better explanation (In regards to the Pro: Yes its fun, but lacks proper explanation)- Buggy as hell- Unstable- Its early access.Its a mastapiece. A buggy one, but a masta piece."
76561198033918306,Recommended,264710,32657811,Posted: 22 June,all,Greg Hegler,"Underdevelopment, but is great to play."
,Recommended,264710,33139156,Posted: 2 July,all,DarkEvilgenius769,Just a good sp game
76561198088251147,Recommended,264710,18560678,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,00110001,"Subnautica Is A Cool, Amazing, Fun, scary Game. I Love How There Are Some Many Different Monsters To Eat Hide From And Fight. Also All The Building Features And Different Creative Things To Do Kill And Build.So I Support Subnautica All Of Its Updates, And Upcomming Things To Come.I Rate Subnautica 5/5 Stars And Its A Fun Great Game."
76561198054688203,Recommended,264710,20586056,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Magic Goo,water u waiting for? buy it.
76561197971096266,Recommended,264710,13737858,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,-=[DaN]=-,"Amazing game, if this was co-op it would be the best game on steam!"
,Recommended,264710,26256679,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,jPck,"i love this game and it is probably one of the best early access games i have ever played, and i know im gonna get lots of mixed reactions from this but i would very much love to see a multiplayer version in the future, i think that it can function well as a multiplayer game without any major adjustments to gameplay and story (some minor things like the base saying that someone has entered would be cool, things like that) but anyways on to the reviewTHIS IS MY OPINION SO IF YOU HAVE SOMETHING TO SAY YOU CAN SHOVE IT UP YOUR ***PROS:-the story (so far) is pretty cool and there are some cool little things that you can notice if you listen closely-the gameplay is very well done and varied, there is so much to do in this game once you get to a place where you arent starving to death, from exploring the depths of the (sometimes scary) ocean to building your underwater fortress i am never bored-the graphics for this game are astounding, especially for an early access game. so much detail goes into every little bit. just looking at the animal life even at the start of the game is incredible (at least to me)CONS:-there are many glitches (as to be expected with an early access game) specifically with the terraformer but im sure it will be straightened out in the future-many of the entities have weird hitboxes or seemingly no hitbox at all and this, as you can imagine is a big problem, it also may have been straightened out in the new update but i havent had time to check-long load times and, at least for me i dont know if anyone else has this problem, but corrupted saves happen pretty frequentlyPlease buy this game it is totaly worth $20        7.5/10Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,264710,25191978,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dexios S. Divine,Funny how the NMS flop turned into a boon for Subnautica. One mans trash is anothers treasure lol. Subnautica is everything NMS isn't. Worth your time and money if you want a real exploration game.
,Recommended,264710,19957724,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ziad10a,OPEN WORLD - UNDER WATER - RESOURCE MANAGMENT - BUILDING - SURVIVAL - CAPITAL LETTERSGREAT
,Recommended,264710,31737577,Posted: 13 May,all,Dilly Dingus,"Subnautica is one of those games where no matter how much you play it, you keep coming back to it eventually cause you get cravings to play it.It's a game about a man who crash landed on an alien planet thats entirely ocean, it doesn't take him long to learn hes not alone.The best part of subnautica has to be its sound design and level design. It brings out a primal fear inside you that I've never even felt playing horror games. I suggest turning off music completely and swimming around without it on. You get a sense that you are in some alien planet documentary instead of a video game.Another thing is the life itself. This game is brimming with so many alien flora, and they all seem to be so life like that you forget you're playing a video game. They all act like fish instead of just random coded npcs which really suprised me the first time I played it. The world feels so alive its amazing what they did to it.The game has so much content in it its unbelievable how much you can do for such an early access game. Also every place you go is new and fresh so you always want to explore and find out more about the strange planet you landed on. Theres tons of vehicles and items to help you traverse the world too.The game locks progression not by invisible walls, but with what kind of tech you are equipped with at the time of exploring, which is an excellent mechanic for progression. I didn't once feel like the game was forcing me back, but it was the lack of items I had on me at the time which felt real and not fabricated. It also forces you to explore the world, so you find new and unique things that would have never have found if it didnt have the type of tech progression it has.There are only a couple things that were actually negative about the game for me.One was the fact that movement on land is really choppy and unbearable. It feels like you are sliding everywhere instead of actually walking.The fires on the crashed ship seem like they are put out, but you still take damage cause the fire particles actually recede under the metal where you can't see it so you take damage until you keep using the extingusher to fully put it out.It has HORRIBLE terrain loading issues even areas that you've been. If you leave and come back, the game will choke for quite a while until the terrain has finished loading. This happens everywhere and it's really frustating having to wait for everything to load.These are all issues that will eventually be fixed I'm sure but at the time of me writting this it currently is an issue.The only thing this game left me, is wanting more. If they ever made a sequal to this game I wouldn't even be mad if it was the same game, same world, but with just more life and areas of the planet. I honestly HOPE they make a sequal like this.It's a game where finding new life and finding new areas is actually fun cause its interesting to see how the life reacts to each other.If I had to say this game is shaping up to be a masterpiece, and I can't wait to see what else will come out of this game."
,Recommended,264710,34855602,Posted: 10 September,all,Oce,Best Florida simulator 10/10
76561197967918496,Recommended,264710,13413682,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ӇƛƝƝƖƁƛԼ,Pretty dern cool so far. Excited to see how this shapes up through early access.
,Recommended,264710,22396827,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,.♔ Brandon Maas♔,This game is a realy good game ... still an early access game but not like .... DayZ SA ...8.5/10ALLAHU AKBAR !!!
76561198096705459,Recommended,264710,18559015,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,grapefruit technique,"I think it's good because of the thought and devolpment put in. I can't wait for the new fauna,flora,and biomes that will be put in"
76561198295880309,Not Recommended,264710,29678799,Posted: 3 February,all,Perseus,"I love Subnautica its a great game with a great concept, however though i can not reccomend this game to anyone yet. This game is fun at times and sometimes beautiful, but the game crashes far to often. I cant go 2 minutes anymore without crashing. The prblem is not my pc either. My specs areIntel core i5 6500 3.20 gzgtx 1060 3gb and 8 gigabytes of ramSo my pc is not the problem its just poor optimization. So therefore I cant recommend this game yet. When the game is more optimized I will rewrite my review but until then cant recommend."
,Recommended,264710,21896145,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Code_Monkee,"For those that see Subnautica and are tempted to write it off because it's still in it's pre-release stage, let me say this now. You have never played a game quite like this. I was introduced to Subnautica through a note on my desk and a steam gift that said ""You need to try this!"", and that was all. I had never heard of the game, nor watched any footage. However, curiousity got the better of me, and I dove into it. After a decent chunk of time with the game, I am stunned. There are very few games that take my breath away, but Subnautica, you've outdone yourself.It starts out rather simply. You, an escape pod that's on fire, and that's it. There are a few supplies that are stuffed into a locker, and a lowly fire extinguisher, but that's about it, and those supplies run out before you know it. As I climbed out the top of my escape pod, I glanced around. Water, water everywhere. My mothership burning brightly in the distance, I took my first plunge into the ocean.To completely talk about what I've done on Subnautica would almost be to spoil the wonder of the game. It's like seeing color for the first time, or hearing music that moves your soul. Subnautica provides staggering amounts of detail, and even more exploration into a massive ocean world that lives and breaths around you. You'll scavenge for supplies, struggle to keep ahead on supplies as you work to build your first underwater base, and eventually will move to building vehicles and exploration devices to move you further into this spectacular enviroment.It's the little details in the game that truly get you. For instance, on my second night cycle, I had climbed onto my escape pod to use the fabricator, and as I finished, and climbed back out, I looked around and realized... I didn't know where I was. I couldn't see the bottom anymore, it was a deep murky blue, and I could hear something large below me. I looked around, struggling to get my bearings, and realized that the escape pod was slowly drifting with the ocean current. There's a very real sense a fear that sets in as your only fabricator floats further and further away from the shallow reef you were at before. My once quick trips back and forth were starting to become arduous swims, and my food and water were starting to run dangerously low. The race was on to find solar panels before my escape pod drifted too far out of range to be of use.Later on, while swimming around the depths, I discovered a thermal vent, and almost cooked myself as I raced to get out of the steam jet.There's so much to do and explore on this game that it's almost overwhelming. There are massive cave systems that stretch for what seems like forever. I made the mistake once of venturing in one without a dive reel, and almost drowned after I couldn't find my way out.Have you ever wanted to swim through massive kelp forests, or want to know what it's like to swim through massive coral tubes? Do you love aquariums, or have a love of exploring? Then this is the game for you. It's a magical experience that words don't quite justify. Just when you think you've seen it all, you'll find something else to explore.If you get subnautica, play it on Survival. It's how it was meant to be played, and really helps with the pace and feel of the game. I absolutely cannot recommend this game enough.It requires a fairly beefy system to run it currently, but if you've got the power to run it, you won't be disappointed."
76561198148372501,Recommended,264710,30377638,Posted: 7 March,all,noonesmith,A fantastic game where you probably play yourself stranded on an extra terrestrial planet if you are not prepared this game will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself from the unexpected jump scares and deadly fish
76561198235441456,Recommended,264710,30382880,Posted: 7 March,all,zaimoku001,"This game is really fun to play and definitly worth your money.  The story behind it just makes it better.  It could be a little more optimized for preformace sake, but it is still in early access so i cannot complain.  By the time it is ready to be released as a fully optimized game, I think it will be really popular on YouTube, and in the community.  I would definitly recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,264710,30386466,Posted: 7 March,all,"RandomHobo, Inc.","A great survival game, even in early accessPros:+ Creates a sence of wonder and excitement in exploring the world when you play for the first time+ Good graphics+ Keeping up stats is fun instead of a chore like in some games in this genre+ Lots of hidden wrecks to discover and explore+ You can create cool vehicles and bases+ You have to explore to find new technology and rare resources+ Good comunity+ Responsive devs that frequently give updates, listen to the community, and produce bug fixes and new contentCons:- Eairly Access- LOTS of bugs- Story isn't finished- Inaccessable areas that are a wip- Game unbeatable because of unimplamented story events- Sometimes hard to find points of interest without a guideConsidering this game is in alphaOverall rating:8/10 - Highly recomended if you can deal with the bugs"
76561198252658854,Recommended,264710,30408941,Posted: 9 March,all,Shaden15,"Jaw dropping, horrer, survival, story, = this game."
,Recommended,264710,20248471,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Spooky Scary Spiral-Spy,"Alien Fish Simulator 2017: Finally a coherent story editionIn all seriousness though, this game is fantastic and I love every bit of it.Except the numerous Early Access bugs, ♥♥♥♥ those."
76561198221941456,Recommended,264710,29751319,Posted: 6 February,all,Enclave Lizard,"Awesome game, its like no mans sky in the ocean and even has base building. In terms of space ships when comparing yhe two you have lots of subnuatica vehicles, in terms of bases and space freighters you have huge subs that you can dock any vehicle in and the bases also can have docking pads"
76561198082004318,Recommended,264710,21313391,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Dorian Wolfe,its a great game but perhaps some surface ships would be nice
76561198227916708,Recommended,264710,21334524,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,1337Cl0wN,"Unbelieveable how one game can bring such interesting adventures and loving atmosphere.Why you should buy this game?1.Because you have almost infinty space to explore.2.The look of the game is amazing.3.The ""animals"" and other creatures are really interesting and you may not survive some of ' em :D4.Just buy it already...~About the Game~1#First you'll might get scared of going down to lower depth ,but hey there's other loving creatures there like Reefback(i think thats waht they called :D)2#There's so many option for you to build since they added a big ""living"" room and the observatory.3#There's a submarine and a little seamoth :D you are going to love that little thing . You can customes the name of the submarine and the seamoth. You have the option to explore an island. ( i wont tell ya where you can find that :D figure it out by yourself.)4#There's a few biomes that inclueds more monster and little fishes :D~~~~~~The game is still in early access tho ,but still there's so much cool things already in the game. Have fun my fellow surviver friend :D ~~~~~~~Negative~You'll need a nuclear reactor to run this game on full high ultra options and shi*. But if you have a slow computer ,you can play it in 800x600 windowed or you can play it in 1024x768 fullscreen,but IG you have to set the texture graphisc to 1 and other things to the lowest :DHave Fun !The Reaper is coming to get you ♥♥♥♥♥♥! <3"
76561198371756093,Recommended,264710,30706440,Posted: 24 March,all,lazyd0001,Its fun but always start in survival and enter in consol if you want to play in creative to save your world otherwise it loses all data.Still 10/10 would play again
76561198050507530,Recommended,264710,30697108,Posted: 23 March,all,Invizabledragon,"Awesome game, highly recomend for chilling out with this game on a lazy day!"
,Recommended,264710,30697046,Posted: 23 March,all,gameboard19,this... game... is... amazing! a definite buy for those who like that to feel unknowing!
76561198346074091,Recommended,264710,30705369,Posted: 24 March,all,Pootis,Best game by far
,Recommended,264710,16897465,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Phantom Thief Dante,"If you love survival, and aliens. Get this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Break out dat wallet, and purchase it."
76561198074081178,Recommended,264710,21427684,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,music.3.life,This game is great! Multiplayer capabilities would improve it only further
76561198058145481,Recommended,264710,15245584,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,castleburg1262,"Love the Game !!  It just feels like I am always trying to find salt to make water or cooked fish. There doesn't seem to be alot of it out there.  Maybe you could make something like a garden for the sub or the seabase that you could grow your own food like kelp or something, so that you are not always looking for food.  Or some kind of aquarium to breed fish. Maybe make salt more readily available.  Graphics are awesome.  Maybe some kind of furniture for the seabase chairs, table, bed, computer consoles just to make it more lived in. Keep up the good work !! Can't wait for the next update !!"
76561198302190090,Recommended,264710,30171755,Posted: 25 February,all,dgamblin24,Subnautica is a really good game but there are a lot of ways to improve it like being able to scan the warper building table and being able to make your own type of warper or other spieces of sea creature or maybe being able to eat hostile creatures after killing them but other than those things off the top of my hea I can't think of anything else that could improve the game except less lag! So yea keep up the good work
76561197992667552,Recommended,264710,30171740,Posted: 25 February,all,TitanKitana,Great option for people who want a completely different world. Well done DEVs
76561197970467519,Recommended,264710,25732444,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SMelly_wv,A really fun and addicting game. A steal for 20 bucks. Great graphics and smooth survival gameplay. Put 12 hours into the game and I can't stop. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,264710,24787834,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,vintron2,"Spent several hours building up materials. Died a few times. Live and learn. Searching for silver in kelp forest. Game begins crashing. Small graphics card, so it happens. Screen freezes, audio contines. Gentle siren noises start. The computer AI starts talking to me. ""Hello surviver. Swim closer now. Swim closer Swim closer."" Siren noises increase.PanicRapidly click screen attempting to crash game. ""Swim closer"". Siren noises increase. Heart racing. Clicking intensifies.Game crashes.10/10 would swim again."
76561198114969651,Recommended,264710,15299901,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,YoshiHD,tbh this game could have some changes but still it is one of my favourite games. Once i got this i cant stop playing it. They should add multiplayer in it but it is still AWESOME. 9/10
,Recommended,264710,20654513,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Grent Hobkins,This game is EXTREMELY FUN and I completely recommend this game!It keeps your on the edge of your seat when you explore because you don't know if your going to see a fish or a monster in your face!There is a lack of building and glitches at the moment but it doesn't mean its unplayable because this game has hours of gameplay for the adventurous type.
,Recommended,264710,18273061,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,TheMcSalt,"I've always liked games that involve different creatures from other planets and survival games, this is both combined. This game may have a few problems every now and then but I say this is still worth it."
76561198176912577,Recommended,264710,18256156,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,danixmason,I love this game and once all of the creatures and vehicals are added in then they might start working on multiplayer and i cant wait for the most reacent update and further updates.
,Recommended,264710,22911015,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Zararule,"I can recommend this game, but I have to say something first. If you got this game for a nice survival game, its a horror game in disguise. I got this game when it was new, and I made a big mistake. I went near the Aurora after it blew up when I first got my seamoth, unknowing that the reaper would spawn infront of me. It was a giant jumpscare. I rarely play it, but it is a good game."
76561198036412587,Recommended,264710,16926736,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,˻˹ALI˺˼,awesome game full of adventure and exploration highly recommended from me!
,Recommended,264710,20575866,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,captain knots,"Surprisingly entertaining. Purchased this on sale just as a game to play when I was bored of others, but it has resulted in one of my main games I play. Would recomend this product to anyone 10/10."
,Recommended,264710,20939065,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Lanik,Best Water simulator I've played.
76561198102482467,Recommended,264710,15679938,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Akhaive,I hate oceanI hate creatures from the oceanI hate deep sea10/10 would recommend this game
76561198259712816,Recommended,264710,25675155,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,465tornado,"This game is awsome and very very challenging. It will keep you on the edge of your seat every moment you play it and it ia fun trying to work up to the top.10000000 out of 10get it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,264710,21883116,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,KINGFLIPPYNIPS,bought right before the sale but im not salty because it was worth it15 hours in 2.5 days of owningfun as hell. needs a little bit of optimization to help with pop in and what not..
,Recommended,264710,24345328,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Wagasez,"The potential of this game is unbelievable - and it has achieved so much already!There is so much to this game that makes it insanely fun and addicting that I couldn't even begin to decribe it.What I'll say is this, though:There's about 20+ hours of stuff to do in this early access stage. There is so much to explore, and the sense that you are discovering something new every hour that passes is really present in this game. Don't spoil yourselves with wikipedia searches or gameplay videos - you'll thank me later.When you get into biomes so deep into the ocean and you start to fear for your life: that's how immersive this game is.That is it, I found the word to describe this game: Immersive.I'd recommend a good PC for this game, though. At least for now it's not that well optmised IMO."
,Recommended,264710,23836435,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Catharsis,"I learned about this game via YouTube and when I got bored of the other games in my library, I finally got to buying the game.I'm a fan of crafting and exploration games, and Subnautica really takes the cake. The graphics are amazing, and even with my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer, I can still enjoy the beautiful and immersive world this character ended up in. Hard to believe this is an early access game because of how good it's running so far. Yes, there are a few bugs like when the PDA from the Jellyshroom base fell into the sand and I couldn't find a way to recover it, but those can be fixed.Creatures can either make you go 'aww' from how cute they are like the Peeper or make you swim away in tears because wtf is that sea dragon even doinG BESIDE MY SEAMOTHWhenever you see a new biome, you get this exciting and satisfying feeling. And then some ♥♥♥♥er shows up and kills you. :^) I'm looking at you, Sandshark/Boneshark.Music and sounds are on point. Whenever I go way too deep, like say more than 200m, there's always this creepy music playing in the background and I love it. Deep, dark abysses that may or may not lead to something, unique landscapes, flora, fauna. Man, what else could you want out of an exploration/survival game?I wish this game had co-op, it'd be so much fun playing with friends. I undertand that's a lot of work to be put into the game and the devs have to make sure everything is polished and as perfect as it can get, but that would make the experience even more enjoyable. Wish I had oculus rift now for VR.10/10, worth every single cent."
76561198129291597,Recommended,264710,28497697,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tskuno,"A fun seabound exploration game, few bugs but in general it's quite fun"
76561197998296349,Recommended,264710,25406805,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Ardail,"This is one of those early access success stories happening and we should vote with our wallets to support such behavior from the industryThis is the exploration game many of us have been wantingYes I would HIGHLY recommend buying this game.Either get it now while it's early access price, or wait until full release so you don't have to wait for as many updates and can support the devs a bit more.This game delievers it's core gameplay VERY well. All about exploration of the unknown. Sure we all want even more after so many hours playing the game, and the nice thing is that the devs are still adding in even more to explore as of this review.But it's current content will keep you interested for quite a while.Over all it's a very well polished game, the planet feels alive with personality where ever you explore.It may not be a grand scale size. But I feel like it's quality over quantity. You can tell the devs put a lot of care into this game.This is the intricate exploration experience we were promised from no man's sky.I am very excited to see how the story will end for this game. Very well done to the dev teamSIDENOTE: The one minor gripe I do have with the game is a bit of lagging from loading different biomes in if you're traveling too fast. There's just so many plants, animals, and terrain that it slow down for a bit.Nothing gamebreaking but hoping they might be able to smooth it outAnd of course always wanting more biomes, animals, locations, items and it would be really cool to have a few more vechicles"
,Recommended,264710,20060702,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Adrian858,Mark Watney Space Pirate Simulator 2.0 (Aquatic Edition)
,Recommended,264710,26271117,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,RED Floyd /(Weber)\,"From what I did play this game is shaping up to be a Early Access success story and I hope that remains true, because subnautica is exceedingly fun, it's more than just a survival game it's an exploration game too."
,Recommended,264710,20249764,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kage,This game is worth every penny!!!!10/10*Great graphics*Lots to do*Ton to build*Give a decent challange*Plus you get to help a game develope into something great.*Feedback option directly in the game. (If something is buggy report it. If you have a great Idea for something to add submit it.) They put this feature there to hear what the player have to say so they can keep improving the game.
,Recommended,264710,20242487,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Afe.Rena,Better than Stranded Deep
,Recommended,264710,30759467,Posted: 26 March,all,wrswizz,fun game
,Recommended,264710,22448140,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Silver,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome and most of the time it scares the skin of me xD
76561198243522578,Recommended,264710,21832712,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Pavilion,IT IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE GAMES! BUY!!
76561198016880157,Recommended,264710,21447676,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Riik,"A beautiful exploration-based survival game set under the sea, Subnautica is definately a lot more streamlined than some of the other recent survival titles that have been coming along recently. But what make this game truly enjoyable are the stunning visuals of the aquatic environments, which you get to explore in your own submarine!Don't get me wrong, though, this game isn't just about the looks. There's some definate signs of progression in the works and plenty of dangers out there in the open sea. And whilst after a time, the game world might start to feel small and the options limited, I fully expect that to no longer be the case upon release.So... the features... base-building, submarine construction, power management, resource management, equipment crafting, exploration, sea monsters, spectacular glowing fungi and plantlife, environmental dangers, terraforming... the game already has all the concepts it needs to be great, though some areas still need some fleshing out. The only real downside is the lack of multiplayer, but the game has enough single player content to be fully enjoyable for a good few hours (maybe more if you're a completionist or the explorer type).Personally, I enjoy playing Subnautica whilst listening to podcasts and the likes. It's one of those games that you can play casually if you want to, but can also be engaging if you want to focus on it in a more hardcore manner.So yeah, a fun game to pass the time - but give it a while, and I'm sure it'll evolve into something fantastic."
76561198090668211,Recommended,264710,21353228,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Destroyer of THOTs,"This game is brilliant. A familiar concept with a new setting and originality thrown into the mix is what makes this game one of the best of the survival game genre. The central thing this game needs is multiplayer. GET ON IT, DEVS!7.5-8/10"
,Recommended,264710,30715784,Posted: 24 March,all,BigRedWood,I like this game. It's my most played out of all that I have.
,Recommended,264710,16098621,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,admplusone,"i pirated this a while back...to see if it would run at all..few days ago bought it...really glad i did, a vast amount of content has been added...brilliant, words cant really explain how much im enjoying this game...even while running TWO gig of ram...the pain of barely even 2 fps, yet, i cant take my eyes away...AMD Athlon(tm) 64 X2 Dual Core Processor 4800+NVIDIA GeForce GT 610and 2gb ram lmaoreally, this game is epic...(hope the spoiler tags work)i met the leviathan today...first time ive wanted to retreat from an encounter in any game for a long time..."
76561198288543389,Recommended,264710,22214516,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Nuff,"Always Fresh!Subnautica is the type of game you would want for many reasons, but the most obvious one is that it never gets boring! With all the new updates coming out and new features to try and places to see, Subnautica has that special feeling each time you start it up.With the new ""Lost River"" update coming out soon, I think it is safe to say that you might want to try it out and get that special feeling too! The game is constantly being updated and made better in every way possible, and the Devs are always keeping us up to date!Honestly, there's no reason not to try it out, it is a very special game in my opinion, even if it is in ""Early Access""!I'd give it a 9/10(By the way, it says I have 0.4 hours on record... this is not true. I play offline most of the time, I used to have 56 hours on record.)"
76561198040307723,Recommended,264710,17957113,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,H.E.L.P.eR.,"Great game if you fancy open world and survival games. And if you like 20k leagues under the sea, then this is also a good game for you. You're crashed down on an ocean planet, with nast alien stuff swimming in the sea. This is much better than modded games I've seen with the same premise, because it's mostly seamless and immersive."
76561197972679619,Recommended,264710,17993645,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Grobzilla,"Holy smokes is this game addicting.  The Survival mode makes you eat and drink and make sure you have oxygen or you will die (you respawn in the last base you left when you die except in Hardmode which is one and done).  Then they throw a wide variety of native fauna that wants to eat your face and it gets to be quite challenging.  I was going to play this for just a few hours today and ended up playing it for 15 hours straight.  I can't recommend this game highly enough.  Absolutely beautiful land/sea scapes, amazing nighttime illumination from a lot of the flora and fauna, innovative crafting system that will keep you busy if you just want to make stuff to get along, or if you want to build an underwater mansion fit for a king, deadly creatures that can and will sneak up on you when you are busy trying to do other things; this game has it all!"
,Recommended,264710,20735928,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Promethean,"I'm really torn. Everyone has covered the pros and cons so well, I will cover the part I'm merely torn on.As of right now, it's a solid early access single player and absolutely gorgeous game. I'm terrified of underwater situations in the game, but once you get the nang of it in the beginning, it's not that bad... in the shallow. I immediately got to the deeper area and went ""Nope, f**k this* and went back. But since doing more requires going deeper.. It won't really happen anytime soon. There's one thing that could fix this and that's multiplayer.I'm recommending it because this game has potential, it's solid so far, and I surprisingly enjoyed it, but I hope that multiplayer is really brought in as well as a bit more variety being brought into it. If this had been a negative, that would've been enough to make it a positive."
,Recommended,264710,22125192,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Jacky_My_Boy,"It's a simple, beautifull game. The only problem it has for now is early access and theres not much to do besides exploring, other than that, this game has a huge potential. 9/10"
,Recommended,264710,22195472,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ghotep,"Game needs some work to do, but even at this stage of dev game is amazing.Hint for devs: multiplayer, inventory management, early game tweaks like water, etc."
11929799995183334,Recommended,264710,20829262,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Sneak n' trick,"Better playing, than watching! Game is beautiful, and awesome!LOOK AT SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS BEFORE BUYING!"
76561198010412431,Recommended,264710,15797334,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,wolfgirl1842,played 6hrs so far  its going to be interesting to see where it goes.
76561198227669964,Recommended,264710,22319793,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Battington02,"this game is one to enjoy, one to inspire, one to explore"
,Recommended,264710,23816599,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Awful Citizen,Be your own Jaques Ives Cousteau.
76561198121665443,Recommended,264710,21067158,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Spelunkadoodle,This game is freakin awesome.Graphics are insane.Sound quality is amazing.Updates keep making it better and better.Would definitely recommend.
,Recommended,264710,24080159,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Liio_,"This game is so incredibly creepy and immersive and I love it, but it's also deceivingly buggy and not a fun experience a lot of the time.If it interests you and you are prepared to play for an hour or two and then wait weeks or months until it is in a playable state then get this game now if thats what you want. However like I say i doubt I'll play this again until its gold release (Supposedly this fall/autumn)That being said, I'm incredibly excited to play this game when it's finished."
,Recommended,264710,27463283,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pilkie,"Subnautica is one of my all-time favorite games. Ever since I was young I've loved marine biology. I can tell you the state fish of Hawaii in their native tongue (humu-humu-nuku-nuku-apuah) and got my PADI and SSI scuba licenses before I could drive a car. I know, and expect, quite a bit when it comes to anything fish and ocean related and subnautica takes the cake for me.I don't quiet know what it is about Subnautica that makes me feel the way I do, it just does such a good job of replicating the emotions I feel when I dive myself. Of course, you're on an alien planet with alien creatures, but it still feels so... real in a way. You are awestruck by the great blue expanses, curious to explore every expertly crafted cavern and crevace, fearful of the unknown, yet driven enough to search anyway. You can swim alongside goliaths or scoot your sub along the reefs before delving into the dark and mysterious depths. These are the emotions you SHOULD feel when you're exploring an Ocean, and Subnautica does an amazing job of making the player feel immersed in their game.Of course, in order to convey these emotions, the game has to look good. The game features a large variety of bioluminessent and colourful life, not something you'd find in any ocean on earth, but necesary to keep the game looking and feeling alien, especially at night and in the darker depths. Every biome has been crafted to feel unique and every species in them has a purpose. If you find large schools of low-on-the-food-chain fish, you can expect that a preditor of that species is going to be nearby. The only problem with the game's graphics that exists thusfar is that the rendering can get a little messy in louder more clustered parts of the ocean, resulting in large formations popping into view, but this seems to be improving with everypatch.I can't say enough good things about subnatuica. To try and describe what it FEELS like to play this game would be impossible, it's something you have to try for yourself to truely understand, and if you get the chance to buy this game, I would absolutly jump on it. Especially if you are looking for a fun, exploration-driven survival game."
76561197979536987,Recommended,264710,24899904,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,{NFC} Wampyr,"So, First review of anything and all...I am not a methodical grinder, or a pro at 'inventory management games, as this has been smugly referred to in a few reviews, so I spend a lot of time just trying to figure out things like how harvest creeper vines and collect stuff needed and keep alive, etc.And - I LOVE this game.The world is procedurally generated - a new one every start - and I've restarted five or six times (last time because I built myself into a corner with a needlessly elaborate base) just to see what different surroundings will be generated.  the environment is (literally) immersive, the different creatures have very different species personality, and learning those, and trying to figure out even how to survive freaking stalkers and go around those damn' gasopods has filled hours for me.From the community page and even the trailer I know there is a huge gameworld out there for me, once I figure out how to get there, and I'm looking forward to figuring it all out in, say, the next six hundred playing hours orso...10/10  out of 10/10"
76561198096201691,Recommended,264710,17079964,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,dolphin109,pretty fun
76561198127473438,Recommended,264710,24414272,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,OMAE WA MOU SHINDEIRU,*finds courage to leave escape pod*hears scarry noise*returns to escape pod
76561198026398393,Recommended,264710,28718698,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SilverWolf,"A very beautiful and what feels like almost complete game for a Early Access. Majestic biomes to explore and creatures to deal with. This games turns resource grinding in to a fun experience, with new things waiting for you behind every corner.Pros:• Beautiful graphics• Vast world to explore• Fairly big tech tree, unique specialized tools and buildings• Bases and subs to build• Music• Diverse plants and animalsCons:• Game might crash as you progress, but theres solutions to that posted in the forums, runs very smooth most of the time• The great Silver shortage of 4546B"
,Recommended,264710,24950914,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Mr. Oat,"Cheaper And Better than NMS, one of the best survival games i have ever played"
76561198077733314,Recommended,264710,17366183,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Optimus Magnus,fantastic
,Recommended,264710,20356594,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Berzzerkk,"The game is great aside from the fact I have to use my mac to play it, 64-bit is required, and the HUD doesn't show while I play on my Macbook. Please make for 32-bit."
,Recommended,264710,20612995,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Quinndalin,"One of the best games I've personally ever played. Could become much more if the map was much bigger, and multiplayer. I wouldn't suggest on weapons, but some sort besides terraforming mission ones XD."
,Recommended,264710,28582798,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Warden Ⅱ,"Well, this game is certainly an emotional journey if you get into it....SPOILERS AHEAD...After being stuck on the pod few a few days and barely getting by with the fish I was hunting, I recieved a comms message from a ship that was coming to pick me up.  I was so happy.  They told me they would be there in 2 days, so I was sure to pack up food and water and make a seaglide to go to the drop zone, which was the only solid piece of land for miles.  At a half-day left before the ship arrived I was off on my seaglide to the strip of land and made good time, I had 5 minutes to spare before the ship got there to rescue me from that rock of a planet.  When I got to the island, I noticed a large man-made structure. I had no idea what it was, so I went inside of it to have a look-see until the ship got there.  My built in computer was telling me that if I were to shut down the structure, I would have to reach the control room in the center. I thought to myself ""why would I need to do that?"" The hip was going to be there in about a minute and I walk back outside to listen to the ships captain's awestruck voice that someone actually survived down here.  Then, I turned toward the structure, and a lump formed in my throat.  The tower-like end of the structure extended into what looked like an Anti-Air cannon.  I immediately sprinted back into the structure and ran through multiple halls and rooms as fast as I could, only to find that the main control room was blocked off by an energy field.  The ship's captain started to sound uneasy as he question a red light on the surface of the planet.  Then I felt the structure shake, a loud popping noise, and then static as my rescue just got blown to bits.  Now I'm on my way back to my pod to attempt to make contact with any other ships."
76561198092299367,Recommended,264710,28176166,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ThunderGoose,"An amazing game filled with fun things to do and explore. It runs like a bucket of horse turds though. Frequent crashes, terrible optimization, and fps drops. Make sure your PC can handle said bucket, or youre gonna have a bad time."
,Recommended,264710,17886229,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sir Prize,"an amazing game, but i too lazy to type out the pros and cons"
76561198160120519,Recommended,264710,20359963,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,silica,keeps crashing< on my computer dont worry still good game played it on other computer
76561197963618836,Recommended,264710,23866821,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Leucrota,"Okay, I'm sort of new to survival games, yet I've played a bunch.  This by far, has to be my favorite.  Even though it's still early release, the concept and design is superb.  The intensity of the deep ocean really gets my blood pumping, and when you get the different kind of vehicles, it's very rewarding.  That being said, it could still use a lot more, such as more building options, more variety and uniqueness.  In that regard, I think it'd be beneficial to opening that up to the modding community, where it can really take off like skyrim did."
,Recommended,264710,25183472,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Chat Off,"Subnautica is a game of beauty. It has great potential to become a multiplayer game, which I hope is coming in the future."
76561198219796341,Recommended,264710,20366275,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Amoeba_lord,I thought I saw a fragment. It was a reaper. I poked reaper with knife and hopped into seamoth. bad idea10/10 would become coleslaw again
76561198120435900,Recommended,264710,20366228,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Eranimus (V),"If you dont want to read the post and are just looking for a rating, I rate this game 8/10 if you are interested in my review, keep reading.The game is an early access game for sure. Dont let that deture you though. I have enjoyed playing this game for hours but havnt gotten tired of it yet. Even in creative mode, (dont have to worry about health, air, food, water, temperature) I have spent the better part of 12 hours plaing it and still was finding new stuff.Also the game is very astetically pleasing. The underwater scense are very beautiful and creative. Not to mention the sounds.... Ahhh the sounds! So amazing. One second it is all serene and tranquil and the next you hear a loud roar off in the distant murkey depths and a feeling of dread and terror fills you as you realize you are not by any means at the top of the foodchain.The controls are easy to use and the base building system is simple. I would like to state that there are not many pieces you can build, But the current inventory for building is large enough that you can spend hours constructing a base and still have different ideas to try out.The crafting system in the game is for the most part simple. Some objects in the game are much more difficult to find. you will need to craft new items and equipment in order to reach a good share of the harder to find resources which keeps you busy looking for items such as titanium quartz copper and silver.All in all, i think when this game is finished and is actually released, it will be an outstanding underwater open world survival game. My rating is currently 8/10"
76561198307214142,Recommended,264710,30739789,Posted: 25 March,all,RealNovaYT,"This is one of the best games on steam. Do you know my reasons?Well here they are! 1. Its open world do whatever you want to do! 2. It has somewhat of a story to it! 3. It inspires the future!Those are my reasons! I recommend this game to anybody who either loves the ocean or loves the future.Signed, Happy Customer"
76561198005291012,Recommended,264710,21868057,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Aramaril,I have played alot of survival games and normally tend to gravitate back to minecraft for my fill of survival. This game has captured my interest in ways i didn't even know were possible and it is still only in early access. Great game with awesome content that shows up rather frequently.
76561197978351646,Recommended,264710,21449228,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mr_Benn,"Great game so far, looking full of promise and I hope it gets the support it deserves and gets finished and polished. These kind of games, from these kind of developers, are what will save the PC games industry.What I really love about this game is the concept of being stranded in an alien world with this advanced technology that can create things from raw materials and blue prints. This an idea I have often dreamed of every since I was a kid  - it's just such a cool concept.The game has great potential - and I do hope the developers keep the free roam feature, because my four year old son can play it in that mode and he finds it equally fun as I do."
76561198010069478,Recommended,264710,22068787,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Watchmen,"It was a mistake to wait until the game was on sale before buying it. This game is worth every ♥♥♥♥ing penny. The game revolves around a few themes themes; underwater exploration, survival, discovery, scavenging, crafting and building. The world is beautiful, thrilling to explore, brilliant, filled with interesting and strange creatures(no exaggeration) and vividly colored. Game mechanics are very smooth with few glitches.Before buying i reccomend you watch the videos on the subnautica youtube channel and a few lets plays to get an idea of how to get started. There are no guides and personally i don't find learning to start playing without help very unintersting(my brother who bought the game earlier helped me). There are actually many things that you have to go quite out of your way to acquire which are not even told to you exist, so its a shame so much content has to be unlocked secretly(like the vehicles, base building and islands)"
76561198054587231,Recommended,264710,21898090,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,gamer1159,"THIS GAME IS WORSE FOR YOU THAN CRACK (but i love it)One of the most graphically beautiful games you will ever play and suprisingly one of the better optimized early acess titles ive run across, having played dayz, rust, stranded deep, reign of kings and so on in their earliest stages.The game is easy enough to jump into and learn without looking stuff up on a wiki, yet challenging enough to still make you feel rewarded each time you figure something out, or build something new. Equipment in the game along with the way the inventory system is managed is fantasitic and should be a industry example on how other survival games should model themselves after. There is a direct feedback and bug tracker built into the game for the devs and i really love seeing this, the devs openly wanting users to submit bugs and issues, to help development, that again should be how every early access title operates, but nonetheless its still great to see. Lastly the biggest element and draw of this game is its exploration, the amount of time you could literally spend just swimming around and exploring the beuatiful scenery and cave systems, and other dark mysterious depths the game has to offer is simply outstanding.The real only negative ive found with this game is every time you die on hardcore mode, (my preferred style of play) you literally have to re-launch the game in order to play again, kinda reminds me of the olds school cartridge sega days with some games, so if when i  die on that mode if i could be just plopped on the main menu again that would be great. All in all solid game with a bright future and I actaully feel bad only having paid ten dollars for it. 9/10"
,Recommended,264710,21952436,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Ashinos,Good
,Recommended,264710,17670705,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,OinkythePig,"My Subnautica Journal:Day 0.5: It is the year 2232. I am a waiter on the Aurora, a large spaceship sent to colonize and terraform 4645B, a distant planet. The only food there is a repulsive brown ""nutrient block"", a dense rectangle of processed food. Our craft is struck by a large biomass, and chaos ensues. Running on pure adrenaline, I make my way to an escape pod and frantically spam the ""eject"" button. I am one of the few survivors, maybe even the only one. I black out from excitement...Day 1: The lifepod's emergency CPR administrative device revives me. I am no longer in freefall. I look around. I have very little in the escape pod: A fire extingisher, 2 storage compartments, one of which is packed with supplies, a fabricator, and a broken analysing machine that no longer works and is sparking all over the place. I never got a good look at the planet as we passed by, but I remember one thing: blue. As I climb the ladder upwards, I gasp. Bird-like rays soar overhead with wings of membrane. The world is filled with water. I see the Aurora very, very far away. A bioluminescant neon ray breaches, and- I am so hungry...TO BE CONTINUED..."
76561198119915058,Recommended,264710,16355477,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,GeniusGamer,"I would totally recomend this game. Although it still has some glitches to work out that is what to expect from an early access game.In the not to long time i have played this game it has had so much stuff added i am never bored when playing. There is still so much potential to keep adding stuff to this game and it is already very enjoyable.100% recomended for those who like water, survival and crafting."
76561198103902875,Recommended,264710,19740736,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Xychrone,"This is an awesome game full of suspense and action, I recommend this game to anyone that loves adventure and any kind of oceanic scenery."
76561198045234318,Recommended,264710,21913497,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,(G.O.D.S.) SteelHorn,"Subnautica, Subnautica! WHAT A GAME! Diving in the big BLUE SEA!!!  Kelp Forests, Lava Caves ,Reefs ,Giant creatures, fish   and it goes on and on. As well as swimming around you craft materials and equipment from elements found around this big sea. Easy to craft. The exploring Wow, the Devs keep adding area and enviroments both awesome and inspiring to the imagination ( it is an Alien sea after all). Ill try to do no spoilers but id just say Avatar Underwater. The deep glowing mushroom cave blew me away. Crafting you can build Bases and craft (Submarines) . Theres some fearful creatures, but they are not hard to avoid or swim around. As a Game its complete as is but its expanding all the time. Im trying to think of something to complain about, but what, i dont know. I just love it. Think Blue Planet and Avatar with the Deep or Abyss. Think about these films and you have SUBNAUTICA!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,264710,17629820,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Mr. Worldwide,awesome adventure game 10/10 only con is that it takes the longest time to get anything and you gotta wait alot i mean alot of time for the cool stuff
76561198007321058,Recommended,264710,22036592,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,D13,A beautiful and interesting game.
,Recommended,264710,21914421,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,OneLonelyEagle,PLEASE READ! - Hopefully the developers... I would like you guys to post multiplayer! That would increase the play rate by like 25% (Wich means how many people will play it) But It's a bit lagy... Anyways... It's an awesome game!!! 5 Stars
76561198124427696,Recommended,264710,20730435,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Bigby,Amazing graphics and fun game but I think they should add more biomes like on the other side of the Aurora. But it is early access so I cant blame it fot that.
76561198133188164,Recommended,264710,16099052,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ShadowHellion,I absolutely love the game but it takes forever to load or create a game please fix
76561198082829379,Recommended,264710,17235931,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Goldennite11 (・ᴥ・),I love this game but for some reason i don't have the experimental build.
76561198056890692,Recommended,264710,21862878,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Nautilisk,"+Magnificent visuals and aesthetics+Well tuned mechanics+It's got everything you need in a survival game (Except multiplayer)+Exploring is great and unique, I hope devs add more although it's by no means small-A little light on content (It's new and there are regular updates)-Expected more spooks-Surprisingly little amount of kraken releasing+++All glory to Cthulhu9/10"
,Recommended,264710,21954299,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Necro,"At first I thought, ok... Another Survival Game... meh. But after seeing it played by a friend, I bought it. You feel, it's not finished, but it's already in a very fun state. But as I built the Cyclops... Oh boy. No Spoilers, but this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing gold! Sooo addicting."
76561198180153783,Recommended,264710,21956317,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,RubixBound,-Has cool creatures-You can build-Survival-Randomly generated-Awesome spaceship-Storyline-Great graphicsEven though I'm scared of the ocean I love this game! 10/10
76561198017228313,Recommended,264710,21955865,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Loup Garoo,"So, after about 30 hours playing this game, in various different ways I'm ready to make my review.  Now, it's woth it to say the game is not finished yet but, based on what I've seen, it's going to be hard to make this a bad game.The game looks colorful and there's certain things like the design of the food/small fish that puts you at ease and that is very much a double edged sword.  On the one hand it allows you to feel like this is just a normal survival game like ARK or Minecraft where you can overcome nature and build a fantastic underwater base and it eases you into this world where you're going to be underwater the vast majority of the time (which is a brilliantly stressful limiting factor by the way).  What is not immediately apparent is that this is very much a survival horror game.  The easy bits where you get the basic building blocks of survival are fine and all but you'll soon start running out of the basic materials and start to need more advanced things.  That's where the insidious nature of this particular horror atmosphere comes into effect:  Explore or Die.  And make no mistakes, whomever said ""All the ugly things come out in the dark"" wasn't lying.  Most places in this game are dark.  I'm not going to spoil anything because, like most survival games, exploration is incredibly important and I'd hate to ruin the wonder.  Suffice it to say the visual side of this game is beautifully and masterfully done.As for progression, I feel like this is how games should be set up.  Egoraptor made mention in a sequalitis episode that what should fuel exploration or progression in the game is the player genuinely wanting to see what's around the corner, not being told that he has to go around the corner.  And I can say this game carries it off beautifully.  I have a big phobia of certain things that make this game great, again no spoilers, but the thought that, with the limited light filtering through into the depths and the limited sight range, that one of the things I'm terrified of might be less than 100m away might be enough to make me put the game down, not so.  I am terrified of what I might see, but when I see them and get used to them, with a couple notable exceptions, they don't scare me quite so much anymore.  And each time I go out in search of materials that gnawing fear is in the back of my mind.  I've seen most, not all, of the threats in this game and they are stunningly beautiful.  Not graphically necesarrily, but in aesthetic.  They are well designed and well presented.  And I, as a player, genuinely want to go explore, to see what's in each cave and what is out there in the map.  THAT is the strength of the game to me;  I'm terrified but I want to see it.So, developers I say this:  Keep it comming.  I want to know everything about this fantastic underwater world you've created.  But don't get lazy, you've made such a grand structure but it can easily fall flat if you overdo it.To prospective players I say this:  In the arena of survival games this is singular.  ARK, Rust, Minecraft, Don't Starve, all of these games give you the means to overcome adversity, to triumph over the nasties and that's where the fun, for me, usually ends.  I like being under the gun in a survival game.  This game keeps you under the gun.  I haven't explored it all but there's things I can't beat and I either have to run or I die.  But I'll keep doing it because when those are the only two options then it makes the rare moments of respite, when you see light shining up from the bottom of the ocean, or you look over vast reefs of beautiful alien flora and bright luminescent fish that much more relaxing and stunning in it's contrast."
76561198025434777,Recommended,264710,20023669,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,C. H.,"Subnautica is basically everything I've dreamed of with regards to an underwater-exploration-adventure+scifi game.  In other words, it's amazing!  The content already employed is very impressive and enjoyable.  The mechanics of the game also work very well which is something that I more than appreciate -- everything from crafting to maneuvering.  And, while this may seem like a small and unrelated thing, it is still something to note that is indicative of good developers.  The fact that you can report bugs and give feedback through a simple push of a button in-game is a very positive thing, for everyone involved!  Makes it much easier for the player to report things and makes it easier for the developer to find out about things.Back to the game...seriously, it's extremely fun.  If you've ever wanted to explore a vast underwater ecosystem full of both wonder and horror, this should be next on your list."
76561198081781415,Recommended,264710,16833503,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,DutchDuk,Really immersive and fun but requires a computer the size of a truck to use so if you wanna test your computers power get this game but if your in to the ocean like great looking games lots of immersion and fish you'll love this game thats why I love it and it's an ENTIRE OCEAN of exploration I mean wow thats huge so i give this game a 9/10 just because it requires a super computer to run Edit: now optimised so still 9/10 because sea emperoers and mechs arent here yet along with ♥♥♥♥ reapers theyre scary FURTHER EDITING ok this is my survival game of the year permanintly (woo spelling) with the farming add and exploration at hand its a perfect 10 something thats only been givin twice by me some random guy on the internet to hotline miami and valve in general so yeah this game is great buy it play ot love it and have fun. P.s. dont go near the giant mushrooms
,Recommended,264710,15085036,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,peanuts and soap,Found myself physically holding my breath many times10/10
,Recommended,264710,21695088,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Frosty Phoenix,id like to start off saying that this game was ALOT of trouble to get going. at least for me. however i was able to get the issue resolved after about an hour and a half of messing around with my GPU settings only to discover it was simply out of date. lol. once in the game i became completely enamoured by the sheer detail the creators have put into this environment. from the shading and liting to the texture on every surface it was clear they really cared about what they made. I would HIGHLY recommend playing this if you have ever enjoyed any type of exploration / sandbox style games.
,Recommended,264710,21356015,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,DixieFire.,"The games fun and all that it should be, but you get to this point where you have everything, most people would think, ""Oh, I have everything I will ever need, guess ill just never play this game again."" But this game... THIS GAME!!! Is not like THOSE GAMES! If you build a base. get tired of it. MOVE IT! probably to a place very, very, very, deep. OR in the sky. (Like I do.) Get this game if you like building bases. maybe fighting stuff, big explosions, and yes, water.   I am BatMan. And I approve of this message. (Please swim resposibly)"
76561198069090701,Recommended,264710,17537692,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Manly Astronaut,I can be a fish!
76561198162146416,Recommended,264710,28510414,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,arrowalan12,good game some bugs but over all very good game
,Recommended,264710,30676560,Posted: 22 March,all,[CPC] Kwaio,"I had this game hanging in the depth of my wishlist for a few month now and i fell on the most recent trailer recently.20 hours later I do not reget the €€ i've spent so far.This game really is as great as the trailer makes it look like. Very enjoyable exploration, You have to discover all by yourself and it's coming to you at a regular pace without noticing. Tools, vehicules, then a base, then a better vehicule, then upgrades, animal breeding, farming, but this isn't Rust, don't be mistaken. It's mostly about exploration, and it's well made.Although it is theorically alpha, it doesn't miss much to be in final version. It only lacks a couple item models, and has a few bugs left, but none of these are problematic."
,Recommended,264710,22297305,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,bub,"Subnautica is a beautiful game. I can immerse in it (pun intended) for hours and completely lose myself. It's very relaxing, at least in creative mode. If you want a challenge, you can try the other modes. You'll fall in love with it."
76561198281981855,Recommended,264710,22325413,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Penguin8356,It's very good
,Recommended,264710,22960720,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Marty!!!11!!1!,This game is incredibly immersive and highly addictive. Every time I play on it i'm finding new things and the devs update it regularly. The Reaper still terrifies me every time I see it and I have heard there are going to be much worse monsters in it in the future which I cannot wait for. This is looking like it's going to be one hell of a game when it's finished.
76561198080408538,Recommended,264710,17239471,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,r4million,Attacked by giant red snake in my seamoth 10/10 would die again!
76561198083327857,Recommended,264710,22815426,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,DarkBird,"This game is brilliant, when nightfall comes round, it is like Avatar, trust me. Absolutely amazing and beautiful. Searching kinda gets boring or frustrating but that depends what you are trying to find or how far the object is. IE silver is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥to find. A few bugs here and there but nothing major that spoils the game.But overall, 10/10 would recommend."
76561197992784758,Recommended,264710,22828379,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Mathias Kade,I admit I put a pause on playing this game after realizing that the Creatures did not respawn or repopulate BUT due to a recent update they have added that VERY feature in the game! Look forward to playing it again! Its always good to see a great game become greater and a game where the DEVS listen to its community! Good job Devs on a great game so far!
,Recommended,264710,21865099,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Webeonecks,"Swam around in ocean, got some good gear.Needed some fragment, went to aurora.Nearly pooped me pants.10/10"
,Recommended,264710,22875653,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,The Cyborg,"amazing game, reat experiance and every update brings this amazing early access game to greatwr hights and just.. wow"
76561198272410315,Recommended,264710,22885255,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,willmurray,this is a great game if you like the survival crafting games but overall its a realy cool game
,Recommended,264710,22885937,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Scrobbeh,"Ever wondered how it would feel to have that one sick underwater base you always dreamed of in multiple sandbox games, or just in general, how cool it would be to have an underwater base and to see the beautiful (and dangerous) creatures that linger in the deep dark sea?Well then this game is for you. Right from the beginning you get dropped into this unknown ocean filled with creatures that are amazingly scary and astonishing. The game runs really smoothly and the graphics are top notch. Especially the water, with a nice sunset is.. AMAZEBALLS.So TL:DR:Like making your own base underwater with sun panels and all? Buy this game!Like discovering a deep ocean filled to the brim with unknown and EPIC creatures? Buy this game!If you're not a fan of being underwater, or sandbox games. Then do not buy it :) I personally love it though! And the Devs are actively working on it. And it shows, with all the amazing updates. Surely reccomended!"
76561198006102884,Recommended,264710,21087578,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Dakumi,"A fun early access game that needs more content to get you past the brick wall you hit when exploring and realize that aside from a single well-made story mission, there is nothing distinct to drive you forward. Well, aide from exploring the many varied and distinct underwater biomes that hold plenty of weird alien sea life and natural wonders. Most of which want to kill you, hooray.Pro's:-Underwater vehicles are fun and customizable, the current largest can have furniture placed where you want, allowing for storage-city or an aquarium behind the driver's chair.-Swimming around feels natural with easy to handle mechanics to move yourself about, with a few small modifications to your gear and craft-able ways to explore further and faster and deeper.-The sea life looks good, with their designs being creative, if a bit obtuse, and the noises they make helping to use 'echolocation' to assist in telling how much danger you might really be in. If you have to ask if that noise was the single current sea monster in the game, it's not. However-Gripes:-I sure hope you like bio-luminescence, it's freaking everywhere. I don't hate it that much myself, but it's getting overused when adding a sense of 'wonder' to things. But, this game tones it down enough that most of the creatures who sport it only have it in reasonable areas and depths. And, honestly, it does help FIND things.-If you ever surface from the ocean to explore on foot you're left slipping about like you were walking on ice, every little pebble in the path stopping you sharply. This happens rarely enough (unless you make an island) that it's not a huge issue.Cons:-If you want a lot of directed content, maybe wait till later. There's little 'real' story given so far and only one big 'mission' that does anything. You'd have to be content with building the decent sized crafting pool and then just exploring till the updates come.-Aside from a dinky knife and stun gun, and a few reasonable upgrades for the smaller sub, you have no way to really defend yourself from the biggest aggressive creatures and the current single sea monster that's not just stunning it, before letting it resume trying to kill you like a horror game monster. I might be a touch too violent, but letting us actually slay the huge one-shot-kill monster would be nice. Especially since you placed it right next to some of the best loot in the game. And the only story mission.Overall:Enjoy exploring and the short mission, be wary the brick wall, wait for updates or don't, worth the price of admission if they keep adding stuff. And oh GOD THE REAPER'S  COMING BACK."
76561198002587688,Recommended,264710,22884555,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Jericho,"Really good game, I love the ocean. +1"
,Recommended,264710,25171461,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Prime8,"It's what I wanted No Man's Sky to be, except it's underwater and cheaper.Honestly, I never should have spent a dime on the overhyped space game of the year...this has everything I was sort of expecting/hoping for. I gladly traded in the ""infinite procedural worlds"" for the single ocean of Subnautica. Both are gorgeous and teeming with life, but this game's ocean is packed with plants and animals that actually serve a purpose. You can eat them, fight them, craft items from them (and other things. No spoilers.) On NMS, you just look at the random animals...which gets very boring after an hour or two.The building system of Subnautica is pretty polished. It reminds me a bit of the Rust system, with snapping structural parts for the base itself and furniture-type items that you can then place within your structure as you see fit. Very nice, although I've barely unlocked the potential since I've only been playing for a couple of hours."
76561198128667984,Recommended,264710,25025317,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,myopic77,This game is Amazing!!!!!!! at first it might seem like any old survival game but as you explore the creatures and plants are just beautiful!! I recomend this game to kids and adults alike!
,Recommended,264710,20563075,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Daxalax,"I'm usually not one for survival games, but this game takes an interesting take on the entire thing by placing it all underwater. Complete with all sorts of razy creatures, biomes and things to explore. Not to mention being able to build a really rad looking base. All it needs now is multiplayer with at least 4 people!Looking forward to upcoming updates for this, the new H2.0 update already is a great improvement!"
,Recommended,264710,14472586,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Ivan The Remover,Glorious scuba fun time! Win by collecting all sand in one spot before being eaten by gluttonous capitalist shark!
76561198277585012,Recommended,264710,24805968,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Mkthbb55,Scary As ♥♥♥♥ Got A Refund At First Because I Was So Scared But I am Going To Reinstall And Keep It
76561198129849456,Recommended,264710,22666449,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Your Worst Nightmare,This game is just awsome their's nothing I don't like about this game the graphics the detail the behaviour of the fish the animaions everysingle thing is just freaking awsome if you are looking for a real good very very fun game this is the game for you everything about this game the way it works how fun it is just everything blows my mind out of my actual mind!
,Recommended,264710,23012715,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Necrodemus,Love the game. Devs are active and trackable goals via Trello. Love the survival horror aspect of being fairly helpless.
,Recommended,264710,15325358,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Pulse,Beautiful and terrifying. Can't wait for future updates!
76561198217687367,Recommended,264710,25099429,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,thelastprodigy,Words cannot describe the wonderful expeireinces I have had when playin this masterpeice I look forwords to the full releas.
,Recommended,264710,22892762,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Ozhound,"Beautiful looking, fair survival game. You cant play with your mates which is what stops it from being truely great. Devs made a decision early in the development to not include MP as it would stall further development. Now it seems half of the community wants it, and im guessing they have lost thousands of sales because of this oversight."
,Recommended,264710,25024725,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,hotziggity,"A fun, nice looking survival/basebuilding game.PROS:Absolutely gorgeous graphics.Base building is fun and intuitive.Lots to explore, and more to come.CONS:It's obviously an Early Access game, so a lot of areas are unfinished.The map gets very bare when you go too far in one direction.Gets VERY hard and complicated in the later stages.Overall a good game, but I would highly suggest you get it on sale.7/10"
,Recommended,264710,15797046,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Johnekaiser,"went in to freedom modeturned on cheatsabled nodamge ,oxygen (no need for air) and nocost cheatswaited for the giant ship to go boomwent to the ship and found a mound of sand to stand onspawned in 250 reaper leviathans which flew alover the place but returned to their spawn spotwent to youtube and played a 10 hour sound clip of the mine mine mine Seagulls from finding nemo10/10now for the real reviewthe game so far is really good the update with the crash site turns the game in to a horror survival then you go to the ship knowing that there is a kraken type thing swiming in the water is scary as ♥♥♥♥ if you are in a seamoth or swiming alone in the cyclops your save from its wrath i cant wait to see more updates in the future such as maybe an even bigger creature that can rival the reaperoh and one more thingRARE SPAWN MY♥♥♥♥♥if you hear roars when you are near the ship then it has spawned but its location is unknown unless you see it swiming ontop of the water some times it likes to spawn near the border of the spawning zone for the Leviathan so if you try and look at the reaper you will see it despawn and respawn if you go in and out of the spawning zones"
76561198072772892,Recommended,264710,14434718,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,H4N5,Fantastic game and some of the best developers I've ever seen; this game is a very unique mix of crafting/survival with exploration and is second to none.  Definitely a game to keep on your watchlist presuming you don't purchase now.
76561198070416527,Recommended,264710,22756936,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SeargentMouse,"I really like this game and I do recommend it, bt there is one MASSIVE glaring problem that bugs the hell out of me, fish do NOT respawn, not really anyway. So lets say you build a base surrounded by fish and it looks stunning, breath taking at times, then you start needing fish to survive..... you literally start killing the beautiful graphics of the game, you go from staring at packs of fish and really nice green resources, to staring at an empty gray sandy dead erea.... which is boring...."
,Recommended,264710,24805112,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Cold Fear,"I spent 12 hours on survival learning the game and getting chomped on by a plethora of sea creatures before the game was no longer a challenge. Death, it would seem, was not permanent. So I decided to play hardcore mode. Then I spent the better part of 16 hours getting everything i had on suvival mode, on hardcore mode. Built a huge base in the safe part of the sea and worked my way up to getting my beautiful submarine back. Once I achieved this, all without dying, dodging sand sharks, bone sharks, stalkers, crab snakes, and crab squids i finally got the cyclops submarine. It was now 14 hours in and I decided that a change of scenery was in order to celebrate this great achievement. I decided to build a seabase deep beneath the waves at around 413 meters. I packed up my base and put it all on the cyclops and found a suitable location. I  built a terraformer to make the ground better suited for base building, got overly excited, and then drowned. This, was my experience playing subnautica so far, and the game isn't even released, yet I find it to be an awesome change of pace from the typical survival by murder games. This game actually had me terrified for my characters life, after all, in hardcore, you only have one. I plan to start another hardcore game and see where the waves will take me."
,Recommended,264710,15255425,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Toast,Amazing!
76561197960281570,Recommended,264710,16037098,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Combat Gorge,"I really enjoy Subnautica, though a little lacking in content now and hopefully more objectives will eventually be revealed other than ""survive"" which gets a little boring. Subnautica shows real promise to be a very beautiful adventure game of exploring an ocean full of mystery.Next up, Sea Monsters. I hate you.From my own experience of being easily scared I did not want to go out and meet the sea monsters but when I did, I ran like hell...they are scary.The current game difficulty is pretty low for the most part which I enjoyed, and hopefully the developers will allow each player to determine how punishing they want their game play to be rather than just go ""do or die"" like a lot of survival games.So what I suggest is if you want to just mess around for a couple hours, pick this game up. You will not be disappointed if you are not expecting a full game. However, to the rest of the players I suggest a more wait and see approach to see how the game develops before making the purchase."
76561197993146518,Recommended,264710,24029637,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,peterski1,"It's a gorgeous looking sandbox game with a couple of really nice ideas - although don't even dream for a minute, that it is in any way realistic.It is early access and there's only enough content for maybe 12-15 hours of gameplay (and some of it only because the resource farming system is a bit of a grind).It is enioyable enough, although once you build your big submarine, there's nothing you can really do with it, since you probably explored most of the zones...The developers have made an interesting choice and the game has no lethal weapons, other than a knife that can kill smaller creatures. It makes no logical sense whatsoever, although at the same time it does make the game a bit more interesting and challenging.Done for now, seen most of the stuff to be seen but I will definitely come back to this once another major update is released or when the game leaves early access."
76561198088146969,Recommended,264710,30431849,Posted: 10 March,all,Ellie016,Amazing game!!Best survival game that i played!! xD
76561198108157852,Recommended,264710,20598153,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Cancer,"Totally awesome game I love the sea and if you like it too certainly you must get this game, thank you developer and crew for making this epic game :)"
,Recommended,264710,26585160,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,SuperTrash,"A great early access game. The environments are rich in all types of ocean life and it has a mystery and horror-behind-charm that leave me wanting to play more. However frequent crashes upon loading new areas have left it almost unplayable on my only and longest running save. I am completely sure that I meet the minimum requirements, in fact my build exceeds them, though almost every time, upon moving a few meters past my initial starting point, it crashes without fail. To reiterate, this is surely one of the best, if not the best, underwater-survival-horror- (because ya' know, crabsquids and leviathans, need I say more.) building-exploration-games you can possibly find on any game selling website or application, but remember where your money is going. Probably some hard-working super creative devs that simply haven't had time to optimize their masterwork, hence, early access is an exceedingly correct title. Please use your money wisely, if you don't want to experience a few crashes and bugs along the road, don't buy. If you are willing to tolerate them, buy. Buy because it's an amazing visual experience not tailored to those who fear the ocean, or those who fear the risk of early access."
76561198073465987,Recommended,264710,21896236,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Pod,Was I the fish in this game because you got my hooked right in this game.
76561198121943199,Recommended,264710,20436912,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,jjwin_969,"This game shows great promise. It is still early access and, as such, it has its shortcomings. Two things that I think would complete this game.1) Some sort of story or perhaps missions or objectives. Just a goal to work for.2) Co-op.The only issues this game has are general problems like bugs. Other than that this game is already on the right track.I highly recommend this game!"
76561197983196805,Recommended,264710,25124221,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,greeneggsnham,I bought this when it was on sale at the start of last month. Some of the best gaming money I've spent. If you like crafting/survial/exploration games this absolutely should be in your library. Even though the game is still in EA it is very refined and well done. Absolutely a must buy.
76561198052331460,Recommended,264710,28213658,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,DestinKitty,"Ah, where to begin that others have already covered.I won't go into how it's still in development (that's already abundantly clear) and how they're still adding things to the game (and taking things out); the news releases should be clear on that point.First things first - Subnautica runs off the Unity engine.  Love it, hate it, it's a flexible tool the developer uses (for the most part) quite well.  I'll say for the most part because there are still some interesting graphical glitches (for example, I found that when piloting my Cyclops submarine that some items in bases will render, and from QUITE a ways away, occasionally causing the game to crash).And, as others have noted with the recent updates, the cache files do tend to grow in time, and the memory management not entirely the best, so the game will eventually grind to a halt if you don't quit every now and then.  Quitting to the main menu, deleting the cache, and reloading the game WILL stop the issue for a short time, but if you dropped anything, it gets deleted - AND that process respawns all the PADs you've picked up thus far.  With some other fun, if minor, glitches.The user interface, fortunately, is pretty simple - they follow the 'two level deep' rule to make it easy to find things to craft / create at the fabricators once you have the blueprints.  Click to interact / pick up or use.  I haven't found any real glitches with that, other than some minor graphical issues.Exploration?  It's a very big map (about 1.25km radius), and several layers deep.  The lack of an in-game map does make things a little interesting, especially when going to the new, deeper zones which only the Cyclops can easily take you to; there is a lot of winding through crevices and tunnels that slope downwards, so you'll find the camera system something to get used to.You CAN get around the lack of a map by placing beacons to mark important landmarks (a wreck you want to revisit, an opening to one of the deeper zones, that sort of thing).The progression is pretty straight-forward.  Search in the shallows for the plans to the seaglide to extend your range, search in the mid-range for the plans for the seamoth to go deeper, and use that as a platform to find the plans for the Cyclops.  You'll pick up some other items along the way, necessary to visit the irradiated area around, and inside, the Aurora spaceship to unlock additional blueprints AND progress in the storyline.Weapons?  Well, they're limited.  For in-universe reasons, the most 'dangerous' item you can fabricate is a knife.  But the things they consider TOOLS ... are fatal if used right.YES, you can kill things.  NO, it's not going to be easy outside of the fish you kill for food (and some enemies are still invincible at this point).  You'll have to get ... creative.  The one most folks will be familiar with is like HalfLife's Gravity Gun.  Small creatures you can pick up and smash against a wall.  Larger creatures - pick up something heavy nearby and lob it at high speed.  Using it like that uses 5 points of energy, so carry ample batteries if you're going into a truly hostile area.  As for using it against leviathans?  Uh, no, run.The stasis gun also makes an appearance, which (naturally) freezes targets in a sphere, allows you to get their library entries, then (hopefully) get back into your sub before they decide you're tasty.  You can only freeze one area at a time, though; launching a new stasis bubble negates the previous one.Torpedoes mounted on the seamoth minisub / PRAWN will either hold them in place, or make them recoil from a noxious cloud.  The PRAWN suit (essentially a small mech), in addition, has customizable arms that can be used offensively, but the thing's limited to walking, so you have to let enemies come to it... which, depending on the enemy, isn't fun.  It has its own version of the Gravity Gun, but that's not the only thing you can use.It promises to be even more fun to explore, as they add items and patch... and hopefully, a conclusion to the storyline they've introduced."
76561198315517191,Recommended,264710,27693761,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GeedieGirl,"Subnautica is unique in that this kind of underwater survival game has not been done before and when it has it wasnt done well. This game is a breath of fresh air (no pun intended) in a time of sequals and re-masters. Subnautica is truely original in its own concept.The game is set in the far future in an underwater alien world. Not constricted to our own oceans gives the game much more potential for further creativity. Such as new species and technology aswell as story elements.The game itself gives it a look of a more comedic and enjoyable atmosphere with the occasional threat popping up to try and kill you. But under the skin this games overall story is much darker the deeper you delve into its depths.I cannot recommend this game enough, the developers at Unknown Worlds put time and care into this game and with every new update and touch of detail it really shows compared to more AAA titles which are constrained by deadlines and market releases.This game may not be for everyone true, if you are the kind of person looking for all out action then this isnt the game for you. While this game has its fair share of threats and unknown dangers more often its about thinking your way through the problem rather than going on the attack. This is a game where time must be taken. Explore, build and survive all at your own pace while traversing the deeper depths to unravel this worlds more darker story elements.So sit down, relax and take a deep breath while you dive into the world of Subnautica!"
,Recommended,264710,21925219,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,BlaZZeReD,"Exploring a whole new world. Sorta brings new meaning to the whole ""I don't wanna live on this planet anymore"" phrase."
,Recommended,264710,24034461,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Gooby26,"I don't think a lot of people here understand what ""Early-Access"" means. People, when you see that tag on a game, it means that the game isn't completely finished yet. So yes, that mans there are going to be bugs and the occasional crash (Although the game has yet to crash for me!) And for the idiot that is complaining about getting 5 FPS,1) Go and get yourself a better ♥♥♥♥ing PC and quit whining.2) Read the 'System Requirements'.....it's there for a reason.And for everyone else, Enjoy!"
,Recommended,264710,23993755,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[SeL] Fly,"Yet another survival game. Well... yes. And no. This time, no zombies, no radiactive waste... ok, radiactive wasteland, but only as a side note 'til you repair it, not as some sort of plot replacement.The plot? You're on a space ship, something goes belly up, you manage to jump into an escape pod just as the thing goes boom and wake up in a burning, floating pod in the middle of an ocean on a strange, alien planet. Here's your PDA, now find out how to survive.The learning curve is quite nice, the interaction with the surroundings logical and you're given just enough information to be able to connect the dots so you can survive in this incredibly beautiful under water world. You build equipment to dive longer and faster, some (very limited) tools to defend yourself against the hostile fishes and to catch the tasty (and juicy) ones, a while later you find out how to build your own little under water home, then a cute little exploration shuttle and finally a big a.. submarine. Plus tools, pools, materials and gadgets to modify and enhance your base, equipment and submarines.Only one big black spot in this awesome experience: The devs already told us that this is probably not going to get multiplayer support, at least not in its first incarnation. Is it still worth it? Well, given that I have clocked about 30 hours in so far and just now started to build my big sub and I haven't even seen that elusive dry land that allegedly exists somewhere, I'd say that you get quite a few hours per buck spent out of this."
,Recommended,264710,14873711,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,VladmirTheVelociraptor,I love this game but it is very hard to find things so you can craft things when u run out of oxygen so fast and if u dont have another tank ur screwed but u used to be able to use the developers console to make it easier i think they should add in a creative mode or add back in the developers console because now i cant make anything and i always drown when trying to get parts :(
,Recommended,264710,16290988,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Dusk Eclipse,yes its in early access but its really polished and the devs are always updating it and it runs very well and looks good as well as it is so fun to play
,Recommended,264710,15110368,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Heavyrain,What are you doing reading this!? Get your *** up and buy it already!
76561198018684726,Recommended,264710,13522495,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lucan,""" BRILLIANT "" This game just pops right in your face and says ""Play me"""
,Recommended,264710,17050930,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,aswitz87,"This game is awesome.  Even more so when they get further along.  And they clearly listen to players, even watching youtubers who play the game.A word of warning though, if you are afraid of deep water... you might need to play in small doses.  There is a lot of deep water, and those fears are legitimized by some of the critters in there.Also be aware that at the time of writing this, there are still many bugs.  But every patch a few get fixed and they have a very simple bug reporting tool in game.In short, if you get only one early access title, this is definitly a top contender."
,Recommended,264710,17062138,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,billibillib,"This game is really awesome,but I think it would be better if I can play with my friends^-^"
,Recommended,264710,17087462,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Slobugsy,"I really love how indepth and beautiful the game is. it has amazing graphics and ideas, though there are still problems (which is to be expected, it being early access) the major thing I hope will be added is rooms for your base, tubes are a little inconveniant and there is usually alot of wasted space. One more thing is i hope you add in an update that allows you to wear a radiation helmet and your rebreather at the same time or combine them, but mostly, it is an amazing game and i hope you keep up the amazing work and I am excited to see what comes next!"
76561197968167449,Recommended,264710,16872489,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,TheZomBlivion☆,This game is the one of the only survival games i've played and actually its my first its a beatiful game i like the looks of it the controls and the scary your all alone feel to it when i saw videos of this game i was like i need to get this game so when the steam sale started i got 50 dollars to spend spent it on a few games and then still had enought to get this and i was with a friend looked at the game and was like i have enough money and then i said F*** it and bought it and i have no regrets there still are a few bugs and glitches and if i see any i'll send a report about it can't wait for the full relase of this game can't wait for it to be 10x more awesome then it already keep up the good work  and when i see a reaper levithan i vertiually ♥♥♥♥ myself and i lost a seamoth to one of them and if you were thinking you could train them to be a killing machine thing again they will swallow you whole and may even give you nightmares   12/10 would lose a semoth to a reaper and get eaten again
,Recommended,264710,15433344,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,CzHuska,"Its just like being on an alien planet, only bad thing is that if i had occulos rift i would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself in this game.But... just buy it, there is no game which delivers the same feeling as this game. H20/H20"
,Recommended,264710,16678968,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,PenguinsWherever,"Subnautica is truly the survival game we've all been waiting for. With new and exciting game mechanics, objects, creatures and biomes being added constantly, it's hard not to check the updates list every time you enter steam for this game. It is an absolutely beautiful game, with shafts of light that blaze into the depths below. As of June 2015, the only 2 things Subnautica lacks at the moment are MASSIVE monsters found in rare biomes, and multiplayer. It has 3 major ""big"" monsters at the moment being the Reaper, Reaper Leviathon, and the Reefbacks. Apart from that, Subnautica is an ideal game to follow through development and have lots of fun with. I HIGHLY recommend this game."
76561198031235256,Recommended,264710,16690911,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,scott1,The game is Beautiful and has a lot for you to explore in the early access. To put it simply get this game and explore I just can't wait to see the finished product!
76561198268908121,Recommended,264710,26408472,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Rocket Man,"Totally amazing and super fun. an incredibly visually stunning game. i can feel like i am helping through feedback and cannot wait for new updates. a ton of fun. i would reccomend it for anyone who enjoyed stranded deep and games like it, and who likes underwater games. However, it is incredibly laggy. Lately, I have been getting about three frames per second, then the game crashes. However, if you wait for 10-15 minutes when it says it is not responding, eventually it should load and will run perfectly, as was the case for me. Beware of spoops. (And nausea when playing for a while in VR)"
,Recommended,264710,15292615,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Jopte,"Many survival and exploration games have a very unimaginitive world which can make things rather 'meh' and cause the crafting/building element to feel more like a grind. Even in Early Access the world in this game feels very vibrant and full, and begs you to keep progressing."
76561197970638165,Recommended,264710,15084048,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Stinger [CH],"The game just gets  better and better, regularly updated.  Beautiful, immersive, and very fun!"
76561198071757139,Recommended,264710,20540669,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Floranox123,I absolutly love the game. The whole exploration is great and i was really starting to make progress. I say was because with this new update I am no longer able to play the game. When i start the game 4 out of 10 times it freezes before I even see the main menu. And if I get to the menu and select New Game. The game also freezes and I have no way of fixing this. I really like the game. And if anyone could help me with this problem or if anyone else experiences the same as me. I would like to know this. I still recommend the game. But if someone could help or if this is a bug in the new update I really would like to know this.
,Recommended,264710,20455733,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Skiddok,"enjoyed this game very much, alot of fun mechanics. A little buggy but thats kind of what you would expect from an early acess game."
76561198051505726,Recommended,264710,20592416,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,DAED Icegiant,"Subnautica is an underwater game where you are forced to survive by going from biome to biome to get better and better materials, but always returning to your escape pod until you are able to build a base. At first the game seems like a hassle with the oxygen meter, and when in the midst of farming for materials along the seabed, the hunger and thirst meters can also become very annoying. This game gets a 9/10. It has fantastic graphics, mechanics, and with its story line and vehicles, it is very unique. However when the AI fish die, most of them glitch out, and you will constantly go to the wiki to try and find the biomes you need for the resources you need. But be careful when exploring the dunes, aurora, or mountains because a reaper leviathan can spawn, i have killed one using the stasis rifle and a hardened blade, it took 96 hits, and there are no ranged weapons that do damage. Make sure to check out at my YouTube channel: DAED Icegiant, or just look up ""Killing a reaper levaithan."""
,Recommended,264710,17637365,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,BREAD,it needs multiplayer PLZ
,Recommended,264710,17147490,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,RabbidSquirrel7,Really fun game. I know it's early access but once you get the cyclops there isn't much else to to which is a bummer. Really look forward to all the updates they add!
,Recommended,264710,20639883,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Robi Tribal,"Pros:* The water is so good, you'll would probably visit the toilet more than often, especially after a drink.* the sharks have more teeth than usual. Makes the megladon look like a pushover.* tons of shanking action. Probably 95% of survival is actually stabbing everything that moves.Cons* No military-esque tools. I want to blow alien sharks up to alien bits, not subdueing them in a harmless whirlpool.* No Co-op. I want to see some one else get eaten. Mainly that♥♥♥♥♥who broke my base.* Only two drivable subs, right now. Hopefully we could have more in the future.9/10 best game since visitng deep sea world."
76561198110800034,Recommended,264710,20721748,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,TGIF,"Fun game, it really is about discovery. The game is very stunning (even before last update) and offers loads of content to play for hours and have fun. The only thing i am not sure about is the terraforming, i see no use for it at the moment.The game offers somewhat a story line and i hope they will expand this in the comming months."
76561197964968133,Recommended,264710,30710547,Posted: 24 March,all,FoxMulder560,"Pro :-Sound ! (This is the best asset to this game and by farrrr)-Survival open world  (craft ur gear,build ur base and more)-Immersive-Story Line  (still not finish yet,but almost)-Fear  ( o yes, u gonna be SCARE ! XD )Cons :-Optimization  (Few lag-freeze spike here and there)-Bug  (its early acces keep that in mind)-50 hrs game top ?  (u will see a lot of ppl with 50 hrs.Reason is after 50hrs i already had all item,upgrade and ship)U wanna try to survive in a ''water world'' ?I recommend this game."
76561198121727883,Recommended,264710,21432908,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,King Korblox,It's 1 of the best games I've ever played but I hope they add multiplayer
,Recommended,264710,20858748,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Secksi_Craqer,"I have a proposal that I hope the developers will hear me out for this. My name is Jared Fishel and I play Subnautica quite often. Subnautica is a survival based game where you have to, in this case, ""live off of the ocean to survive."" Here's what brought me this idea to you all. I was playing Subnautica fairly recently and I realised the oddly familiar textures of the corridors and rooms. I had a little bit of backgroud knowledge to know where I have seen this layout. I recently watched a movie called, ""The Martian."" It came to my attention that these bases, bulkheads, hatches, rooms, and corridors look like a base that would be constructed on a different planet! So, here's my proposal, DEVELOPERS! Please take into consideration a game that runs the same way as Subnautica, but call it SPACENAUTICA! I don't want to push the developers any harder than they're working on Subnautica, but please help me get this out to them! A Subnautica in space?! How awesome would that be? You could possibly replace the Cyclops with a manned rover, and replace the Seamoth with an RC rover that can drive into the belly of the big rover! Please help me get this out to the Developers everyone! Thank you all so much!!!"
76561198272063190,Recommended,264710,30141249,Posted: 24 February,all,Extke,I really like this game but I have to use my step bro's computer to play so I just want you guys to make it less laggy somehow
76561198077977271,Recommended,264710,17233810,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,TacticsOgre,"Potentially the BEST game of its genre/type & the immersion level sends chills up my spine.  The strengths of this game are many...1.  Best Ocean Graphics I have ever seen, I wish they released a Screensaver App so I could show my base on my desktop somehow! (An Animated style, like the seascape screensavers from 3rd parties.)2.  The audio is creepy as heck, the deeper you go the more intense the sensation of vulnerablilty and creepiness.3.  Easy to use items and storage is not too cumbersome, it could use some tweaking like auto pulling crafting mats from nearby chests (IE: H1Z1's Materials Crafting Proximity Collection)4.  The Equipment works well overall & is easy to use/understand.  (Utility belt would be nice instead of the Inventory, but I am sure the Dev's have this kind of stuff on the drawing boards)5.  The Flora & Fauna are simply amazing, you guys did a GREAT job on this aspect, near Perfect.6.  SIngle player is ok for now and even if it's never mulitplayer, the game could add Alien Colonies perhaps or lost civilizations maybe?  (ie: XCOM 'oldschool' style...what Terror from the Deep could of been in a new modern gorgeous engine?!?)7.  Vehicles work well and its rewarding to craft/build them, the attention to detail is great!  The difficulty of coding a water -based game must be just insane?)8.  The Dev's actually work hard and provide professional methods of tracking the progress.  This was the reason I bought yet another EARLY ACCESS Game despite saying I would never buy another ALPHA game.  (Kudos Devs, you got me hooked afterall?)9.  The community is not nearly as jaded and bitter as the other survival games discussions have become.  Maybe single player is the key to this...if you're having a bad game in single player it mostly your own fault or the occassional bug.10.  As cumbersome as the code is for my new PC to handle, it's still Quite smooth & well polished.  The recommended settings look great & the FPS is not bad.  (H1Z1, 7dtd & Robocraft have much bigger problems and have been out longer in most cases, so good job dev's!!!)*  If the game was crap I would say so, this is not an attempt to kiss the devs butts.  It's just  my honest 2 cents about a great game thats unique & immersive beyond most games I play.  Such a good game, just simply brilliant.....IF YOU ADD EVEN A 2 PLAYER OPTION, I WILL BE HOOKED COMPLETELY!!!Despite the occassional crash here and there, I can play for hours on my OEM HP Tower with an $400 - AMD A10, 12GB RAM, Radeon Integrated 8750D ... so even a crappy HP tower can run this at about 30-40 FPS.   I have a new tower I'm building just to play this game & I can't wait for the NEW BASE UPDATES!!!!Just stunningly good example of a professional, thought out Early Access game among a 'SEA' of ""STEAM""ing turd EA(early access) titles here on STEAM.EARNS A SOLID -  4/5 Only due to a lack of multiplayer, everything else is gorgeous!  It can get boring :steambored: , but thats just normal this early in every good games development, the next update should add hours of playtime to this game :steamhappy:5/5 score would be a perfect game rating, not many of those around at the moment anyhow...  :steamfacepalm:"
76561198110945688,Recommended,264710,17232259,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,🅱️elinda 🅱️reeze,super awesome
76561198014690443,Recommended,264710,17517776,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,myrm,"I have been playing this for about 23 hours so far and though I realise it's just a vary short time, I wanted to give my thoughts, so here goes.  I don't normally by alpha/beta games as so many of them are just about playable and sometimes they even get abandoned by the creator even though you've paid money for them.  The first thing I noted about Subnautica was the beautiful graphics, they are a joy to behold.  The sounds of the underwater creatures and environment is quite atmospheric, and the scenery really is eye candy.  The gameplay on the whole is smooth though every so often I get a bit of stutter as if the game is loading in another area.  My labtop is custom built with the following specs:Intel® Core™i7 Quad Core Mobile Extreme i7-3940XM (3.00GHz) 8MBMemory (RAM) 32GB 1600MHz SODIMM DDR3Graphics Card NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 680M - 4.0GB DDR5 Video RAM - DirectX® 11Memory - 1st Hard Disk 750GB WD SCORPIO BLACK WD7500BPKT, SATA 3 Gb/s, 16MBCACHE (7200 rpm)It’s a meaty machine and so I don’t think the machine specs are too little for the game, besides it runs games such as Far Cry 4, Skyrim, X3 and Elite Dangerous with no lag, so I am guessing it’s the way the game loads areas up that causes the slight lag.The game is vary easy to play; you need to search the seabed for various natural and man-made items to enable you to take them back to your pod and use the machine inside to craft various items for you.  These range from small pipes, flippers, extra oxygen tanks, right up to underwater habitats and submarines.When playing you really do have the sense of shallow and deep water exploration.  Initially you only have about 40 secs of air but you can craft for yourself more tanks giving you more air.  I currently have 4 tanks which gives me 225 seconds of air. Then there’s a rebreather thing to help you use less oxygen on deeper dives, and I guess the submarine (which I haven’t built yet) will give you a much longer air supply.  Plus there are plants that give of air bubbles which you can swim into and fill up your tanks.Some of the creatures that live in these waters are friendly and some attack you. So carry a knife with you and be aware of your surroundings.So far I have built a Cyclops submarine, that has loads of room to move about in and to create lots of store lockers, and I have a sea moth which is a mini-sub that can be parked inside your Cyclops.  The Cyclops has a safe depth of 100m but between 100-200m the hull is weaken and can start to take damage, and below 200m then you’ll like to have hull collapse.I have also built myself an undersea home with observation dome about 200m down.I have also found some really deep seas in which I went down to about 800m and still couldn’t see the bottom.  I am going to have to go right down and build another home there.If there were a few tweaks I wish the creators would make they are: an on-screen compass to better enable you to get your bearings and the option to turn the underwater music off.  It is atmospheric music but in games I prefer to turn the music off to better hear the background sounds. Oh, and there’s a bug where the sea moth will not recharge its batteries when docked in the Cyclops, which it is supposed to do, so once your sea moth battery dies, it becomes a useless piece of junk.So, on the whole a great game with so much potential. Good work to the creators, but please iron out that sea moth bug."
,Recommended,264710,17569773,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,anancı,"Great game with a great concept, buy it if you like exploration and building. Even in early development has much to offer."
,Recommended,264710,15212768,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Shy Guy,Great game so far. Only immediate problem I find is that it does not seem like most essential resources (quartz and salt mostly) respawn which makes it extremely difficuly to survive especially when your heath and huger are ticking down at an abnormal rate. Other than that the game is amazing so far and I can't wait to see what progress will be made in the upcoming months.
,Recommended,264710,15799773,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Xander 120,"Excellent game so far!Really happy that the developers work hard to release updates quicklyMakes me glad someone's taking Early Access seriously for onceThe gameplay is brilliant, very immersive and funSome awesome things to create and find, and the devs add more all the timeCould still do with a lot of work, but if you like to see how things change and progress though the production of game, and actually help and give feedback, this is greatA tap of the F8 button and you can type a message to the developers, add a screenshot if you wish, and give a ratingGreat system and the first I've seen implemented decentlyWould recommend this game to anyone who likes Minecraft, Stranded Deep and other survival gamesIf you're not sure, check out reviews and gameplayDefinitely worth the £14.99,I've paid a lot more for a lot less"
,Recommended,264710,15518937,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Italian Peasant,pretty decent early acces game even thoug its an alpha its one of the most impressive alpaha games ive ever seen like stranded deep
76561198054301203,Recommended,264710,30514259,Posted: 14 March,all,NakNak_The_One,"alright. I think its time for an old sea treader to throw in his 2 centsi fckn love this game first of all. it is a huge open world underwater survival game set on an alien planet with really cool and unique sea monsters, that to some extend all have specific attributes like say, nocturnal hunters, light sensitive, echolocation and so on. I dont know if my hours say anything to you, but ive been playing this for about 2 years now regularly. If you:a) hate the ocean and everything about it then it is by far the best game for you to get if horror has anything to sayorb) lover/respect the ocean or if biology is anything you fancy (like me) then this game is absoulutely amazing and facinating unlike so much else.the devs have really put ALOT of work into handcrafting the world, its creatures and the ambients of the whole thinghowever it is still very much a work in progress game that needs alot of polishing (though it has been worse)So after my years of playing im fairly certain that i can throw in a good idea of what this game entailsPROS:-sound work is amazing-the world is handcrafted and not randomly generated-the devs are very active in trying to improve the game-the story is almost fleshed out at this point-th graphics are pretty good but not hyper super realistic. (just bear with me but it looks a bit dark cartoonish, however just pretty realistic. as stupid as that sentence may have sounded)-the creature A.I is for the most part pretty good-the biomes are incredibly varied-base building is increadibly easy, simple and satisfying-the game features pretty good underwater vehicles-the survival aspect of eating and drinking can be turned off but honestly its not the worst if you know where food is plentyfull-the story is not half bad so far-its perfect for people who like the ocean or hate it with a passion-cool communityCONS:-A.I is not perfect in any capacity and will ned some fixes-like most alpha games this one has its bugs too-theres always the limiting factor to your exploration in the form of getting oxygen all the time-some of the creature patterns and behaviors feel pretty similar which can be sad-this game is definately not optimised for low tier system, and even high tier wont run a perfect 60fps (not capped at 30 but it has alot of load spikes)-there some factors that can be annyoing atm, like the need for radiation equiptment in certain areas.-the submersibles in this game, both small and big are pretty annyoing to keep repowered, its do-able but not that needed-food and water CAN be that annyoing thing that you always forget about when packing for cave spelunking-the devs love to change things, however some of those can be frustrating at times. (minor spoiler like 5m in spoiler) finding out where they move around the fragments and scanables that one needs can be a massive pain. i get that they want to keep it mysterious for the new players but like really? just add a list that says: ""btw mod staion fragments got removed from the dunes, they in sparse reef now have fun!""-buying the game at an awkward point where the story is half fleshed out could be a bad choice-(personal annoyance/minor spoiler): stop devs! no. the cyclops is perfect as it is dont add a way for creatures to destroy it! its made of plasteel for christ sake, can we just not have any more threats thrown onto it? going below crush depth is good enough-the upgrade system in terms of what you the player can recieve is pretty limited compared to what your vehicles canAll in all id say its well worth the price IF your system can handle it and if survival is up your alley, its definately one of the better ones"
,Recommended,264710,30516933,Posted: 14 March,all,§Pug'sWorld§,Explore is the main point of this game
,Recommended,264710,16637078,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,eisiger,"You build submarines, commit nautical vehicular homicide, and cook the roadkill with a thermal powered knife. The gadgets are fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥and deep sea diving gets pretty damn spooky, but it's really missing a lot of content this early in development."
,Recommended,264710,17725554,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,RazzaGameZ,"This is a game like no other! :D It's fun, immersive and bloody darn good I see very high potential in this and I hope to see what it the finished game will include :DIs this the game to end all games? I bloody well hope so as I would be happy to play this if it was the last ever game! xD"
76561198046038582,Recommended,264710,19461732,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,MythN7,"This game is very polished even though its still in early access.There is quite a bit that still needs work, however this does not impeed playability as of the time I wirte this.The only things that I find an issue are the unballanced food and water needs, as well as the very unballanced enemy strength vs player / ship health.Almost every fish that is not cookable is agressive and there is no way to fight back other than a small dagger which breaks very quickly.   There is no point in fighting mobs as they have no loot or harvesting factors, nore can you even destroy there corpses.A crash powder fish will explode doing only a few percent of damage to the player, but yet it will totally make a seamoth at full health with 4 hull reinforcement modules into rubble, with no ability to salave.Other than the moth, the other vechiles have no health making them invincible, and I have had some fun taunting and pushing around what I would consider to be end game boss level mobs.On the side of crafting, its very well setup in terms of blueprint access, how ever, nothing stacks and the storage is very limitied, so sorting and managing your supplies is very cumbersome.The game is setup to know rooms or bases type of user housing, so it would be nice if all the containers in the same room / corridor as a crafting station would be counted in available mats.Or even a special room that is designed for crafting, so it would have the fabricators built in, with there own storage grid that has alot of space or stacking instead of big grids.My final point is that I am sure it is yet to come, but currently once you have found all the blueprints and built a base, there is nothing left to do other than just farm to make more bases or explore the sea on finding beautiful areas to sit and admire."
76561197983699067,Recommended,264710,16153456,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,etherseraph,"I freaking love this game. its beautiful, fun, a wonder to explore and build in.My computer isnt to top notch, but still looks marvelous, and just the slow exploration while gathering resource and equipment is great, a nice even pace...And then there are the creatures, all of them beautiful, and quite a few horrifying.  I hadnt really read the wiki, and while had run into some of the smaller monsters, like the screen shots show... This happened.http://imgur.com/gallery/wBS1gYeah. I cant wait for more updates, but i do patiently, knowing that each one brings more and better stuff to play around with."
,Recommended,264710,15468862,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Jeo,"A great game with great concept and so much potential, all thats lacking would be a story (though it would be hard to interprate in a game like this) really addicting to those who enjoy survival games, and has an amzing horror feel when exploring the deep unknown. And for early release, their are little to no bugs, except for some minor details that i think only someone paying extreme attention would notice."
76561198015164398,Recommended,264710,17731469,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Harken,"9/10This game is beautiful, visually so appealing that I've taken more screen shots of the diverse biomes in Subnautica than any other game I've played. In my book, Subnautica is up there beside The Long Dark in reinventing the survival and crafting genre and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys exploration games. Open, dark water populated by unknown monsters, is terrifying to most people, but when you have a sturdy sub, a full stock of food and water, there is something liberating about diving into the darkest depths just to see what's there. My thanks to the developers for creating such an awesome game, I really look forward to what you guys come up with in the future."
,Recommended,264710,15276125,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Legion,"Unique survival game in a underwater enviroment. Scavenge to survive in a beautiful yet hostile ocean. If you survive long enough you just might manage to make your very own under water utopia and even create your own submarine. Early Access game with a solid foundation to start with, anda  huge amount of potential."
,Recommended,264710,19552541,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Freefall1984,"You see all that very beautiful looking promotional art for this game? yeah well those are screenshots and that's how this game looks. This game is utterly stunning and on the way to becoming a spearhead of impending VR movement. Although it could do with more endgame content (I know it's early access and it'll probably come soon) and it suffers the occasional lag spikes and some difficulties drawing in the terrain when you're moving really quickly. It's utterly mindblowing how well they've managed to capture the experience of scuba diving within this game, you actually feel like you're 50 meters under the water looking up at the surface, and when you build a base you actually feel the warmth and safety it offers. Just when you think you're getting used to the world you dive several hundren meters down through the pockmarked seabed into a cathedral sized cave network where the only light comes from the bioluminescent plants and again you're suddenly blown away by how pretty everything is.I know they crafted the world manually, meaning there is only a limited amount of things to see and do, but the world you can explore is huge, and its so carefully and convincingly crafted that you'll be thankful they didn't just use procedurally generated terrain, like so many other games these days. Without a doubt this is the most convincing alien world I've ever visited in a game.10/10 will play again, and again and again and again and again."
,Recommended,264710,17530649,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,OddShot,"One of the best early access games ive played. Content is coming out almost monthly or bi-monthly. A couple of hours of things to do at the moment, far from a fully fledged game but not super buggy or laggy.Really beautiful world to explore and build in.Developers are pretty transparent and you can follow their brainstorming and what they are putting in the next patches on their trello board.Overall good game! Looking forward to future updates!"
76561198147036038,Recommended,264710,17312456,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Zombie_Collin,this game is worth the $20.00 right now because when it comes out as a full game who knows how much it will be because i know there will be 10x more content they have for it now.
76561198069181476,Recommended,264710,15907162,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,BluFlare,I love this game a lot. It is full of colorful things to explore and lots of cool things to do so far! I don't even really like survival games but this really changed my mind. It has lots of cool species to explore and it even has biomes. I highly recommend it!
,Recommended,264710,15163316,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,CoryBuster,"im mixed on this game it has alot of good things about it and alot of potential. On the other hand, it is buggy, but these bugs (atleast for me) are pretty bad.  these bugs arent even small ones (though there are some like that). The bug i have crashes the game every time i try to actually play it for more than 20 min. Once they get this huge gamebreaking bug fixed and out of the way it'll be a definite buy/ reccomendation from me. until then, buy at your own risk. i hope this bug doesnt happen to you"
76561198068705330,Recommended,264710,16138136,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Frosty,"An awesome survival game, only thing that puts this game down for me is that its not multiplayer, surviving with a friend would be alot more fun, hopefully this can be an added feature."
76561198108841355,Recommended,264710,15370594,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,I-I need healing...,"Sadly its 2lags4me but its an alpha so I forgive them for thatseems really cool, can only play at 60 fps with annoying 10 fps drops"
76561198216674324,Recommended,264710,15324487,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,AALSA830,This game is awesome except for one thing I wish you could explore the big ship
,Recommended,264710,15429828,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,ckmeister,"Absolutely amazing game here. Not flawless (beta), and not complete, but for $20 you really get what you pay for. Very different from other survial games, and while it's not suppoosed to be inherently scary, it can get very erie sometimes, especially with the kick♥♥♥♥♥3D sound design they have.I would really really suggest thaat you not pass this game over if you're looking for something that stands out from the rest of the sub-par/ okayish pile of survival games that have come out recently. If the Dev's keep on going the way they are, this will easily be one of the best games I've ever played. I'm eagerly awaiting the next update! I've done all there is to do so far :pscore 8/10 purely for bug's/ not finished. Again, obviously it's in beta still, so this is it's score for it's ""as-is"" condition."
76561198033511426,Recommended,264710,15289694,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Chazbazwaz,"Fantastic and incredibly immersive. The sense of wonderment and going into the unknown when diving are incredible aspects of this game. I'm very excited to see where this game goes once it has been fully completed, especially if a co-operative mode were to be implemented. 9/10"
76561198005628333,Recommended,264710,15288586,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Nexus007,Great start to what could be and amazing game.
,Recommended,264710,14579824,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,SnowVersio,"So Subanutcia is a game where your spaceship has crash landed onto a planet full of water that has alien life below the water. It is a very early access game, but it does have some great stuff hidden inside it. Good Graphics, Good Functions, Rareness of objects is balanced, overall I would rate it a 10/10.I am looking forward for more updates on Subnautica"
,Recommended,264710,15193750,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,[TDS] Pneuma,So far it's a fun game however on low-end computers it has a tendancy to freeze up and crash so make sure to save often.I lost 3 hours of gameplay lol.
76561198300843950,Recommended,264710,30502226,Posted: 13 March,all,Creative Name,It's just terrifying to be stranded in the middle of the ocean and this game just gives you that feeling.
76561198085765221,Recommended,264710,15220030,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,MykeyRM,"Subnautica  9/10-Overall 8/10Addictive. Ive been so hooked on this game, Ive done 17.6hours in a matter of 2-3 days of having the game.Its a crafting survival game but with so many creatures to catch, kill or run from, scenery to discover and oggle, toys to play with, and base building to do its truely fun to go looking for resources. I fairly sure most people that are into adventure will love the game.- Gameplay 8/10Controls are good. mechanics a good. crafting system is easy to follow.swim, ride, submerge, hack, collect, dig, construct, and die repeatedly from diving to deep to suface in time.so much to do.-GraphicsAwesome. I wouldnt say realistic, but beautifuly done. Looks great.-PerformanceSave Save Save!Runs really well but on occation will crash out of game without warning.Save whenever you hit an important milestone in your adventure.-just get it."
76561198042634495,Recommended,264710,15222715,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,WilliamNiira,"I have only played for a little while, and I love the game so far. The atmosphere is amazing, the ambience is superb and the controlls are really smooth. I found it weird that when you climb up the ladder and down the escape pod you just teleport there. It would be nicer to see some kind of animation for it. Other than that I would recommend this to anyone who's looking for a beautiful and entertaining game.I haven't met up with any sea monster yet, to be continued.."
,Recommended,264710,15193443,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Sneak,"Subnautica is a very unique game. It is a game that will inspire so many different games and it is a perfect mix of fantasy and survival. In order to survive you must build bases, submarines, other tools. There is so much potential to this game and I completely look forward to what they will add. I've played 3 hours of the game before writing this and I already have encountered very few bugs, if any. I have not tried the base building yet but I am completely in love with the Cyclops and the seamoth. Currently the only two vehicles in the game but both extremely useful in their own ways. The cyclops is the largest vehicle, able to suck in the seamoth as to bring it along with it do discover and explore new areas and creatures. Personally I believe that the game should be a little more complicated in the sense of different resources and requirements for building. I like a tough game but some people do not. All around I believe this game has amazing potential, I look forward to future updates and upgrades, and also I would absolutely LOVE to see a multiplayer feature! Just saying!"
,Recommended,264710,22870061,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Mikasa Ackerman,Great game! Even for Early Acces it has already enought content to fill hours of your time! Huge map to explore with your little seamoth! But since i want to look a bit more serious here you got a pro and cons list.Pro:+Huge map+Many many creatures to study+Nice crafting system+Multible gamemodes+Multible Vehicles (Currently 2 that are usable. Exosuit still in development)+Basebuilding+Updates are allways coming ALLWAYS!Cons:-Some biomes not finished yet (Deep down in the lava castle)-A few bugs-It still takes a bit longer until we get more creaturesAfter all. This was all that came to my mind right now. I love the game and would really want to play it more and explore the deep sea of this alien planet. Yet my Thalassophobia keeps me from going below 100m. ._.I really reccomend this game! Buy it now when its still cheap!Have fun playing! And remember. The Reapers are allways watching!~
76561198025452660,Recommended,264710,16780582,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Jeffires,"Even though this game is still incomplete, the content that it already boasts is amazing to say the least. I love where this game is going. It does have a few bugs here and there, none of which is game breaking. I highly recomend this game. Also go into is as spolier free as possible, it makes the experience that more awesome."
76561198148600321,Recommended,264710,16864824,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Magincia,"This game is INCREDIBLE! The fish and plants in this game are all incredible. The atmosphere is great as well. Swimming through caves and walking through the Aurora alway keep you on the edge of your seat. The amount of things you can do are incredible for an early access game and it runs pretty well. I got this on the OSX update because I have a MacBook and it runs perfectly fine on it. Unfortunately like every game it always has it's downsides. The graphics on the Aurora are not the best but keep in mind The Aurora is brand new. Some of the resources are hard to find when they should be a little easier, such as quartz. It seems like you need quartz to make ANYTHING but it tends to be very difficult to find."
76561197993449517,Recommended,264710,15235017,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,En9a9e,"I could ramble on for quite a while about how much I enjoy and appreciate this title as an amazing game and as early access done right, but I will try to keep it conscise. Yes there are bugs and yes there are some crashes but this is early access and you should understand that means this title is very much a wip (work in progress) right now. This is a talented team, with a succesful game series under their belt, who stay very connected with their community as they develope.If you are intrigued by the notion of exploring a mysterious, sometimes tranquil and sometimes dangerous, beautifully realized, ocean world - full of unique and amazing biomes and creatures (with much more content coming) +If you think you might enjoy crafting futuristic tech, terraforming options, building futuristic submersibles and customized bases (with more content and options coming) +If you love themes of exploration, discovery, research and creative survival - while diving into the challenges and wonders of alien aquatic environments...Check the system requirements because this is a game for you! Join in the fun (and sometimes the pain) of watching and participating as it developes and grows into an even richer experience.Early Access Support:- Active steam and official forums- A Trello board where you can see exactly what the team is working on for the next big update- A Trello design board where you can see concept pieces and mechanics being brainstormed for   possible inclusion (with commenting options)- A chat room where developers and players hang out and discuss the game- Easy in game bug reporting and feedback systemEarly access games are a mixed bag and a gamble by nature. I have definitely had my share of dissapointments. This game and this early access process is hands down the very best I have taken the plunge with."
76561198082906069,Recommended,264710,15341310,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,❄Mɮ❄♚100$BILLS♚,"To the developers of this game,Ok so, I have had this game for a few days now, and I am in no sense a professional at this game. However, I do love this game with all my heart, it is probably the best game I have ever found on this planet. Now obviously this is not a complete game yet, first of all it has bugs, glitches, and a few major hiccups. For example what has gotten me very aggravated in the past is the disappearance of my Seamoth, now I know there is probably a way to stop that or fix it, but i wasn't going to spend hours searching YouTube for a guide. Another big issue i see in the game right now is opinionated (idk if i spelled that right or if thats even a word.) I do not enjoy the fact that every tool in the game that uses batteries or power cells (seamoth, cyclops and the seaglider) uses the power WAY too fast. I think that i'm not the only one who thinks this because i have read a few ""comments or discussions"" on the official Subnatica web page and i saw someone discussing this. Other issues that are very small things that I do not believe are major: no animation for entering hatches and the subs or even going up ladders, when building a base you can not turn the corridor into the upright position, there is a bug where you glitch into the base and the game thinks you are still in water (BTW if anyone has this problem just go to where you entrance is to your base and press it, the game will make u enter the base and u will be safe from drowning), some materials that you need the most, besides titanium, for example quartz is SO HARD TO FIND after a while of playing the game. These are MY (again, just my opinion) top dislikes of this game. NONE THE LESS, I love this game, it is the best game in the world in my opinion, it is highly addictive, ONLY 20$ which is a good price for a game with so much potential, and it HAS F****** AlIEN FISH THAT WANT TO KILL YOU, HOW COOL IS THAT? And yes, IK what u might be thinking, you think that i have so much criticism toward the game that i shouldn't play it. NO! that is not entirely true, I do criticize the game harshly, BUT I only do it because i see the potential in such a great early access game. So all in all, this concludes my review on Sabbatical in early access. My major points: fix the bugs which do exist, keep updating the game so people don't get bored of it, and just keep up the good work! I dont actually know if any Subnatica developer will read this, but if they don't then at least i shared my thoughts on this awesome game to all of you who are indecisive of whether you should buy the game or not. TX for reading this, it has been a pleasure writing this, sincerely ♠ℳℬѦ♠ ♚100$BILLS♚.PS, I forgot my major thought to the developers of this game: PLZ, ADD MULTIPLAYER WHEN THIS GAME IS FULLY DONE, the reason why I ask this is because my friend and I bought this game so we want to play it together (I showed it to my friend and he liked it right away) I told my friend to buy the game because i want to support the makers of this game so the game is awesome when it comes out fully finished. So yea tx for reading this and if you know any way to get this letter to the developers copy and paste it and send it to them so they can read it, because I want them to see this and keep in mind what the players want. TX for reading again. XD"
76561198195584090,Recommended,264710,17775405,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,vansposterchild,This game is absolutely AWESOME! It also makes you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants and makes you hesitate going into the actual ocean.
,Recommended,264710,18090787,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Ludicity,"Awesome game so far, and the fact that it's only in early access with many more things that'll be added in the future makes it that much better. Definitely a change of pace than other survival games (not only do have have to worry about hunger and thirst, but now you also have to worry about oxygen and a few other things, adding a whole knew aspect to the game). A must buy for anyone interested in a survival/aquatic/adventure type game 9.5/10."
76561198050897345,Recommended,264710,15029037,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Matt,Really fun game
,Recommended,264710,15286115,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Minoxs,"A game with A !!LOT!! of potential, even tho you don't have any kind of achievment or goal, making your first sea base and small submarine feels like an acomplishment. And when you create your Cyclops you get a giant feeling of acomplishment, it looks so baddass, it is a Sea Base, that moves.Devs, don't let this game waste away like Infestation did, use all the potential you have.Even with some issues and bugs, i don't regret spending my money in this game."
76561198167864040,Recommended,264710,30498346,Posted: 13 March,all,Silver_Ranger54,"I'd just like to say, this is one of the few games that I have bought and haven't gotten board of after awhile.  This game is amazing and is continuly being updated.  For $20 this game is perfect.  11/9 would buy again."
76561198089660440,Recommended,264710,15287372,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Chris,I am in absolute love with this game! It's slow going but im getting it! I look forward to all of the amazing things you guys will do with this game :3
76561198108232301,Recommended,264710,15236671,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,savage babies cause 9/11,BEST GAME IVE PLAYED IN A VERY LONGTIME !!!!
76561197970028730,Recommended,264710,16255387,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Radonsheep,"I really like dipping my toes into the alien oceanic waters of Subnautica.  Great survival game with all the trade mark things to do, as in get water, get food, keep warm and build stuff - oh and swim away from that big farting fish!Great game highly recommend it if your into survival games."
76561198134194510,Recommended,264710,30494723,Posted: 13 March,all,Guthixbomb,"Subnautica is an amazing game, even in early access mode. It's visually stunning, the game play is brilliant, and the ocean terrifying in all new ways I haven't thought of before until playing this game. It's a humbling experience to play this game, it's so complex you can get a great understanding for the biodiversity and the ecosystem is very immersive. I rate 8 out of 10.My only huge huge suggestion would be to the developers to make lower graphic level settings for people with older or cheaper computers play. And I'm not talking about a chrome book but any humble 300$ recent laptop. You can easily get this by allowing the player more graphical options outside of the debug consoles and toggle able limits to the memory and frames. Also, the option to toggle certain LODS outside of the debug console would be nice. The final suggestion to the Devs would be to add paint for the player bases, the white color gets very dull after a while.Note to players interested in buying this game: run away from very distant large monster sounds until you know what they are :P there are some big fish in this game and they love to cuddle with their teeth! Also, you can't ""kill"" any large creature in this game so I wouldn't try, there are no ""weapons"" as its explained in lore that humanity has evolved to ban weapons to preserve peace. (Questionable idea but ok)."
,Recommended,264710,24587111,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,dumb idiot,"This is one of the most entertaining games I have ever played. First off, the price is outstanding. You can spend hours and hours on this game and you always seem to find something to do and it is still in a very early state. I also love the fact they always seem to update it. This game gets updated every two to three weeks give or take and every update brings tons of new features that make you want to jump right back in. The developers are amazing and actually listen to the community. From the time I bought the game until now, I have seen countless problems that the community has complained about fixed. The devs even respond about topics the community is curious on, like multiplayer, and they have a website where you can see all completed updates, updates they are currently working on, and updates they plan to do. This game is cheap, has an amazing community and developers, and seems to only get better and better with each update."
,Recommended,264710,28457020,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,t a n k b e e t l e,"Very amazing game. Great audio, great designs, and most of all, the world is more explorable than any other exploration game I've played. Remember Minecraft's massive and procedurally generated infinite world? Yeah, ♥♥♥♥ that. The amount of love and detail put into this game's world is ridiculous, and you never run out of things to see. Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ 300 meters down is deep as hell, right? THERE'S ♥♥♥♥ING MORE.This isn't procedurally generated terrain and I feel like that's what allows the game to be amazing. It's quality over quantity.On a side note, this game's optimization is complete ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. I have a fantastic PC with an i7, 24 GB RAM and an R9 270x. This game lags 24/7 and, as of late, has been crashing a lot, rendering the game unplayable. This should absolutely not be happening.I don't want that to scare anyone away from the game. I'd buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥for 40 bucks. I'm sure the devs are working on it."
,Recommended,264710,13563666,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Poloforfido,Great atmosphere + mini-subs!
76561198172781851,Recommended,264710,17229335,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,AwesomeDavid,Amazing game! Great graphics and game play! Love everything about it!
,Recommended,264710,28457853,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[Draco] KillerCoventry,This game is very fun it's still in beta but the devs are awesome and get the job done it is also to play survival and creative mode.
76561198216294888,Recommended,264710,21841001,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Bepis,Really fun game but IT NEEDS MULTIPLAYER
,Recommended,264710,21158455,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,DesertVenomViper,"This game is the golden example that all other Indie/Early Access games should follow. The devs are not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, the community is wonderful and creative. The devs actually give a crap about the game and don't just walk away from it. Wow imagine that! A game that isn't a scam!"
,Recommended,264710,30446297,Posted: 11 March,all,Just A Fruit,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,264710,30446201,Posted: 11 March,all,SherderDergen🐉,Amazing graphicsAmazing diversityAmazing everything!3spooky5me though..
76561198301144007,Recommended,264710,22836278,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,TheCrafterGaming,Best Game Ever!
,Recommended,264710,30439952,Posted: 10 March,all,FexyXster,Very nice game to play
76561198095148344,Recommended,264710,13754940,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ava FTW,"This a great game, very ambient and makes you fee; very diffrent"
,Recommended,264710,13656943,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DarkMyth,Glitchy but I like the game concept and it seems off to a good start.  Can't figure out how to put my swimming fins on yet.
,Recommended,264710,13557913,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Crab Person,I love it its was butiful and amazing but sort of laggy
,Recommended,264710,18496224,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Rick,Possibly one of the best survival games i've played and its so new!
76561198164673545,Recommended,264710,22401485,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Oldcanine,Fun game everyone go buy it!!!
76561198200747865,Recommended,264710,24757149,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,beacuse im Batman,really good game i just wish there was a workshop
76561198004392392,Recommended,264710,17569447,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,TMATO,An amazing game. Buy it.
,Recommended,264710,30639842,Posted: 20 March,all,Spycrab101,"This is a great game! It actully may be one of the only good early access games i think i have ever seen. It adds updates quite often and it's just fun to play and explore in general. YOU COULD SPEND HOURS APON HOURS JUST TRYING TO BUILD OR FIND SOMETHING WITH OUT IT BEING BORING! So worth the money, do recommend 100%"
76561198180167785,Recommended,264710,30383778,Posted: 7 March,all,Darkness_Your_Old_Friend,"MUST READ!!! I totally reccomend this game because it is such a good experience of exploration, survival, and sandbox! It is so fun to just explore the depths of the ocean. If you have a fear of the ocean, dont play any mode but creative. I get frustrated a lot in survival but still fun. ***** 5 stars!!! {***** means 5 stars, I wasn't cussing} xD :steamhappy:"
,Recommended,264710,29945111,Posted: 15 February,all,Skyhawk,"Amazing game with so much depth! (No pun intended hehe) Stunning, cute and awesome."
,Recommended,264710,30624107,Posted: 19 March,all,♠Oberst Wilson♠,I personally love this game. The story is very intriguing I can't wait for it to be completed and will hopefully answer alot of my questions.
,Recommended,264710,27874161,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ุ,"It's a really good game, but a bit laggy on my computer"
,Recommended,264710,29713740,Posted: 5 February,all,MackLe,"Nice game, still many bugs but hopefully they'll fix them :)"
76561197989409752,Recommended,264710,30621017,Posted: 19 March,all,maarne,"I both love and hate this game. I love it because it's so immersive, the detail is amazing, and the storyline, although not quite complete yet, is awesome. I hate it because I played it for a long while yesterday and that god-forsaken leviathan showed up in my nightmares. I ran into it twice yesterday, once when I was cruising in my seamoth, and it appeared out of nowhere right in front of me. I thought it didn't see me, so i high tailed it in the other direction thinking I could outrun it. Spoiler alert: I didn't. It showed up front-and-center and proceeded to eat my seamoth. I did the only thing I could do. I exited the seamoth, and swam as fast as I could. I looked back and saw the leviathan shake my poor seamoth in it's jaws and I heard the explosion. Thankfully I got away, somehow.I was passing by the area later, ever watchful, and I saw a stalker a few yards away near the surface by the aurora. I looked away from it and my entire screen was filled with red and white as the leviathan bit into the stalker from below and flew through the air like some kind of special on the discovery channel. I sped off and didn't look back. RIP stalker, you saved me and my seamoth.This game is amazing, and terrifying. I'm already afraid of deep water and this game has not helped me overcome that fear. I love open world games like this and it's one of the best games like it I've ever played, and it's not even complete yet. Keep up the great work, I can't wait till it's complete."
,Recommended,264710,30627381,Posted: 19 March,all,ReubenOnRye,"Good game, needs a harpoon gun. I know the devs were making a statement making a game with no guns but rlly I am not going to sit there and slice a giant sea monster with a little knife. add something"
76561198033481946,Recommended,264710,19328492,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Violetsky,"Very cool, really awesome i don't have words to describe it..."
76561198022618618,Recommended,264710,19776086,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Astray,I want multi - player in this game :]
76561198077902796,Recommended,264710,27586842,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Platinumsoul493,Really good for an early access game.
,Recommended,264710,15686885,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Devin,I absolutely love this game. I saw frankies video on it and INSTANTLY grew a love for it. I would defintly recomend you buy this game while you can. Best game possible right now.Early access is amazing.
76561198054255944,Recommended,264710,15786711,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Coll-Adderall Society.gg,Amazing
76561198148527376,Recommended,264710,15470040,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Fysh the Broken Farmer,"This game is great. It honestly is fun to play around with even when you aren't bored. I enjoy it thoroughly despite the saving but this group of devs is very curteous to their players which i admire. There is so much mystery and things to find and explore in. Volcanic trench caves, Giant bioluminescent mushroom grottos just below a trench, even vast fields of red seaweed teeming with wildlife. Hostile and passive alike.I'd definetely rate this game a 10/10 when it's finished but the bugs right now and being Early Access 9/10 is still really good :D Keep it up and i'm interested on what all you are going to add to the game!"
76561198077651204,Recommended,264710,17544499,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Butter Boy,"This game does a multitude of things right. The visuals are stunning, beautiful and haunting. The sound design and music really shows they're true colors when entering a vast open ocean and encountering new and mostly massive sea creatures. The survival and crating systems are simple, easy to understand and tightly designed. This game will have you asking yourself questions from the moment you start playing to the moment you stop. What was that frighteningly loud roar I heard at 200 meters deep? Why did the Aurora crash? Who am I? These questions and more importantly, the answers, or rather the lack of answers, give this game quite an atmosphere, and that brings me to what really makes this game shine. Its atmosphere. In the beginnig, this beautiful alien, underwater world will leave you breathless. Later, when you dive deeper into the ocean,you will be breathless again, only because of fear. The game is'nt purposely scary. I dont want that thought to deter from buying this game. Its the non-scariness that is frightening. Because as you get deeper, it gets darker, quieter and nothing happens. You are truly alone. Ocassionly, you'll hear a roar or a moan and soil youself. Thats what makes this game great, the unkown... No game has truly captured an under the sea enviroment this well. Sure, you could argue that Stranded Deep captures the sea quite well, but the Earth's sea isnt scary, we know whats down there. Not in Subnautica's ocean. The unknown makes this game."
,Recommended,264710,20959508,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,kwasaznik,"Subantica is a beautifully detailed game produced by Unknown Worlds Entertainment. The game is opened world, sandbox, survival (It also has a hunger and thirst system to keep you on your toes!) and based in the ocean. For me this game was a blast to play when I first got it on February, 1. I had trouble deciding on if I should get the game or not. So I posted in the discusses asking if the game worth paying full-price? I got responses within the next day saying that my computer could run it, the money goes straight to development of the game, and that is a really unique and interesting game. So on that day I bought it and because of the hype I had for the game (I previously watched a little bit of gameplay on YouTube before I purchased the game) I played it for 6 hours straight. I couldn’t believe that the game was that addictive.I myself I have good computer for running games, but for Subnautica I didn’t have a high enough graphic card. The graphics had to be reduced to minimal (would you rather have reduced graphics (50-60fps) or have recommend graphics and run the game at (20- 40fps)). But for my resolution it was at the max thankfully. I have no complains about the graphics, its my fault for having a high enough graphic card. Aside from that, the gameplay is magnificent and everything looks realistic as can be. But the game is still in early access which means that there is room for many unsuspecting bugs to appear here and there in the game randomly. But I haven’t come across major bugs in the game itself, but that doesn’t mean that there isn’t any present.The game I pretty sure will still grow even more spectacularly, also the developers are very active and the updates impact the game positively. Also from reading numerous articles about the game it seems that the developers have a plan for implementing a multiplayer section in the game, but the game in its current stage is not yet ready for this kind of big update. Sometimes I freak the heck out when I hear random sounds in the game and when I swim alone at night.I myself occasionally get scared when I go deeper into the ocean because I never what I may find…...My Overall Score 10/10 – Simply Outstanding"
,Recommended,264710,20565783,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Nerds do it rarely,Great game that breaks the mould of most survival games. Beautifal graphics and entertaining gameplay.
,Recommended,264710,17114320,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,dot,.
,Recommended,264710,18846360,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,😂🔫,"It's a really good game, the ONLY thing missing is multiplayer. When they add that my life will be complete. AND I SAY WHEN BECAUSE THEY MUST ADD IT OR ELSE!"
,Recommended,264710,21927987,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,[Cabul Air] Captain_Cabul,"Very relaxing yet terrifying when i go too deep. At least it cure my phobia of deep sea, somehow. For an early access game, this game is amazing. I hope game dev keep working hard on updating it and polishing the game."
,Recommended,264710,30739177,Posted: 25 March,all,IMA PIGEON,So fun i Love it!!!
,Recommended,264710,20984245,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Vlue (Trading),I have megalohydrothalassophobia and I still play this game.
76561198116237356,Recommended,264710,15428363,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Vionnat,Definitely the best space travel human stranding ocean diving alien finding home building wreck pillaging action adventure exploration survival submarine simulator I've ever seen.
76561198176327189,Recommended,264710,30763142,Posted: 26 March,all,SilverPhantom,"What a game!!!There's so much I could say about Subnautica, I almost don't know where to begin. From the vast underwater vistas, to the mysterious story, there is so much to view and do in Subnautica.It is a beautiful game, first of all. The devs really out-did themselves in creating a realistic and beautiful world to explore in. Everything, from the fast-swimming Peeper to the dangerous brine lakes of the Lost River, has been carefully placed and implemented in such a way as to create a wonderful and dangerous world to explore in.For a game that is still in development, it is wonderfully complete. Nearly the entire world is fully implemented into the game, and while there are still a few bugs and some story left to implement, you can still spend hours upon hours in the game and still not uncover all the mysteries Subnautica has to offer.The one thing I wish, though, is that it wasn't so GPU-heavy. My little laptop can't run the game very well, unfortunately, so I experience plenty of crashes and loss of saved data because of the fact that my laptop simply can't handle the massive amounts of data being generated by the game. It's an unfortunate reality to the vastness and beauty of the game, though, and I wouldn't change Subnautica in the least."
,Recommended,264710,22898092,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Royal Cheesecake,Such a good beautiful game and its only in early accessplayed it for hours on end and still not tired of it and if yousome how get bored of it experimental mode will fix that!
,Recommended,264710,22097090,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Donut,"Watched some gameplay of the game and decided to check the game out for myself. I'm so glad I did! It's a very great game that allows you to explore, craft, and build unique bases underwater. It can be a bit grindy at times getting materials, but for some reason it is very relaxing. There are some bugs, which aren't game breaking, but this is to be expected from an early access game. Very addictive! I give 5/5 stars!"
76561198067166860,Recommended,264710,22688430,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,DeeHypest,Sacriest freakin game there is.10/10
,Recommended,264710,22871685,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Blunder,"I don't have a lot of time on this game, so you may not take my recommendation on this game.With that said, BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!I got tired of the whole survival genre because there are too many games that just seem like clones now, but this game is a whole new experience. There has not been a single moment where I have htought I was not progressing, I don't get bored of trying to survive because there is always something that can kill you, and it is just so damn beautiful looking.8.5/10"
,Recommended,264710,24269116,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Thomas,EPIC GAME
76561198014815575,Recommended,264710,24300218,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,warpig,this game is absolutly perfect for anyone who wants a solo survival adventuing game. but this game would be even better with a coop. dev team please put a 4 player coop in the game.
,Recommended,264710,24306570,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Kidscribble,For 9 hours or so that I've played I'm still constantly discovering new and awesome things. The dev team is constantly updating and fixing the game. Its the best Early Access Game I've ever downloaded. Tootally worth the money I spent and I plan on playing till the full game is released.
76561197965474251,Recommended,264710,24308663,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,nullptr->play(),"I like the great diving feeling. Building a home deep below the sea, going on expedition to map the environment, finding and scanning beautiful or scary beings, searching for needed resources that are distributed over the different regions - there is much you can do.The fact, that you can play in different difficulty levels (i.e. ignoring hunger and thirst) gives you the possibility to reduce a little bit of the ""survival stress"" if you want to.A clear recommendation from my side."
76561198104448535,Recommended,264710,24512645,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,◕ Green Chilley ◕,"I loved this game. I've been always wanting these types of games. Exploring, finding secrets, creating awesome bases and underwater. It's amazing. I look forward for some new updates and developments. Great game!"
,Recommended,264710,23887404,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,UmutTheMuz,Can play on lowest♥♥♥♥♥♥available.Still fun.
76561198105751098,Recommended,264710,23378022,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Ephaeton,"It's like flying over alien landscape. Time's flying by as well. And once you got your base/seamoth/cyclops, you ""just quickly have to collect [this or that]"".It's a visually beautiful game and a totally mesmerizing experience. Dive in, right now!"
76561198110039295,Recommended,264710,23119082,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Mad_phoenix,"This is a great game. There is a vast terrain, lots to do as in building your underwater fortress, lots to fear, lots to love overall. The only problem with the game is that you have to own a pretty good GPU to play it, so the game might cost you alot to play."
76561197995628594,Recommended,264710,23492890,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Provek,This game looks pretty good as an early acces but the developement is slow.  I would still recomend it to any one who like the survival style of gameplay.Buy it when it comes out if it comes out.
76561198122522245,Recommended,264710,17586427,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,northboundwolf,Lot's of fun the first time you play it. You stop playing it after 2-5 plays or so. Frequent updates needed. Multiplayer is a must.Good game though
,Recommended,264710,21586981,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Minibongo,9/10 IGN Too Much Water
76561198000904437,Recommended,264710,23323787,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,[HK]GN Wong,"Crashes for me, like no reason:("
,Recommended,264710,22915362,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,=SCI= Dert26 AKA Snickers,"This is probably the BEST survival game I have ever seen, it is definitely worth 20 bucks to buy it. It is just such a great game! It may have it's bugs, but you got to remember that it is in Early Development still, this game is also constantly updated with new monsters, items, parts for your sea base, and other things like story plot. The Developers have also stated that they most likely will be adding Mod Support (With the Steam Workshop) and Multiplayer in the future, but not so soon that they can't fix bugs or add new stuff.Now I'm going to get into the pros and cons of this game.---Pros---1. This game is completely different from any other survival game, rather than spawning on land and chopping down trees, you start out in a escape (life) pod that jettisoned from a (I think) mining ship while it was crash landing on this alien planet, and for most of the game, you will be under water.2. It's not like Minecraft where you have to go and chop down trees for resources, you have to gather alien resources to help aid you in your survival.3. There's more to it than just surviving, there's also a story line to this game, as you explore the map, you'll find abandoned sea (and land) bases with PDA's in them, which tells a story of another ship that crash landed on the planet and tried to survive under the alien ocean. You don't have to follow the story line if that's not what you're into, but for me, it gives me more to do in a survival game, unlike in Minecraft, where all you do is mine blocks until you get bored. (Nothing against Minecraft, but this game is way better.)4. It's difficult, it's not an easy game like Minecraft, because in Subnautica, you don't know what will, and will not kill you. Unlike in Minecraft, where it's pretty self explanatory, spider and zombie = bad.5. It's constantly being updated with new stuff, now I'm going to be honest, Minecraft is a good game, but the problem with Minecraft is, when they updated their game, it was inconsistant, or they added too much stuff into one update, Subnautica on the other hand updates regularly and so far in every update, has offered new stuff, but not too much stuff, to where it would be a completely different game.Now for the Cons.---Cons---1. Bugs, it is an early access game, which means bugs, and a lot of them. Before the machinery update, I wasn't able to build a med kit fabricator, even if I had all the supplies for it (They fixed this though, so don't worry).2. Graphically demanding, it's not as demanding as games like GTA V, but it does still need a somewhat beefy computer in order to play the game, I'm playing on the reccomended settings (And I meet the minimum graphic requirements to play it) but some times I get really bad lag spikes, UWE, please fix.3. Frustrating at times, when you're trying to build something big like the Seamoth Mk3 depth (Thingy), you'll realize that it gets extremely frustrating and repetitive trying to find scrap, or if you go down in the kelp forest to try and grab some silver ore, you'll realize that sandstone is annoyingly hard to find, and when you find it, you'll have the chance of getting gold or silver (And for me, it's mostly gold...) Something I would suggest to UWE is to make different outcroppings (Like Limestone and Sandstone) different colors.I couldn't think of any other Cons, mainly because Subnautica is just such a great game, but I hope that this comment helps anyone making the decision to buy this game. (YOU TOTALLY SHOULD!!!)"
76561198146151730,Recommended,264710,23097294,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Helix,very fun game and very expansive. i had a great time playing
76561198261712329,Recommended,264710,23174993,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,xX_Dr_Dank_Xx,This is a very entertaining and creative survival game. I have and will continue to enjoy it.
76561198113074230,Recommended,264710,22988640,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,formanekdaniel09,"Overall I really think its a great game! One of the bugs I noticed was how I was unable to scan most fragments I come across, in order to get the seamoth I had to find wreckages, which wasn't a big deall, but it would be nice to just be able to scan the fragments. However that is really the only problem I have with the game, can't wait to see what else you guys do with!"
76561198201878223,Recommended,264710,23368398,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,nicktheyoda,10/10 must havethis game is probably my favorite game ever so many good ideas. it has filled my life faster than 2 sandsharks fill an aquarium so support the developers and play until you have everything in the game (the legit way)
76561198274690426,Recommended,264710,23262768,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Proskillzness,This game is amazing please buy it. It's worth every penny.
76561198089409679,Recommended,264710,23128786,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,AKRID,needs a online gamem mode like ark or the forest
,Recommended,264710,23296777,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Darkmalice,"I'm not going to go into detail, there's other reviews for that. I just want to say that this is by a long mile, my favourite exploration/survival game bar none. It's peaceful, exciting, beautiful, interesting and just lovely all around. My only grudges are that a) there is no co-op (this would be amazing to play with your significant other) and b) I have to force myself to not play it again until it is finished!Buy it, you won't regret it.*Please note, my game time is far, far longer than Steam shows."
76561198035132947,Recommended,264710,23361250,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Arex,Fun single player
,Recommended,264710,23360744,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Nadness,"An early impression - minecraft reimagined to an alien world under the sea. As a relatively cheap early-access game, the developers deserve every single penny. Undeniably, there are glitches here and there but it's easy to look past considering how they're developing the game rapidly and bugs are quickly fixed.It's always difficult to make a review based on a large and successful game like Minecraft. Nevertheless, as a first time player, it's safe to say that the game is very intuitive and gives an enough degree of challenge without it being to overhelmingly frustrating. This game features an expansive and unchartered ocean where it is filled with digging, exploration, crafting and even monsters at night which will require your full attention throughout the game.It's exciting to see where this game is going as an underwater sandbox exploration game and is highly recommended~"
76561198107364528,Recommended,264710,23385293,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Sloth Man,I LOVE THIS GAME I WOULD REC IT AND PLESE ADD CO OP
76561198260119195,Recommended,264710,22870182,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,somekindofmonster8994,I love this game! It's a remarkable idea. The imagery is so fantastic and so detailed. I can't wait until it's finished but at the same time I don't want it to ever be finished. Such a great F'n game.
,Recommended,264710,23321766,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Kazoomie,"It\'s a amazing game however when you have to find all the parts it becomes much slower and I had a harder time motivating myself to play with some of the glitches and bugs just getting in my way. All the gameplay and everything that did work absoltuly astounded me with how fluent and beautiful it all was. Money well spent, 9.5/10"
76561198117733442,Recommended,264710,23329905,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ryanonymous,This game is great! I love the creepy atmosphere. The graphics are nice and clean and the sound and music are done well also. One of the best early access games on Steam and it keeps getting better.
,Recommended,264710,23339445,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Purotekutā,I would rate 8/10 and I hughly recommend that you at least LOOK INTO buying it.
,Recommended,264710,23341988,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Jazz,This game is awesome but need little bit more time for better than.Good job devs.
76561198015715276,Recommended,264710,23341235,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,NoBackStab,This alpha game is probably the only one of which I can say; Totally worth it. They keep coming with updates at a pretty steady pace. Base building is getting better and better and they have created an extremely exciting world to explore!
,Recommended,264710,23135627,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Nova Koi,"A super game, interesting, spooky (insert lenny face here) addictive.This game can be superior but it has a big weakness: only single player, if the devs add coop to the game it will be perfect.(sorry for bad english i'm hungarian)"
76561198271687059,Recommended,264710,22440094,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,5757,this game looks asome but i cant play it at all becuse the speed the game runs at is to much for my little computer to handly
76561198306173220,Recommended,264710,23213705,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Galaxy Gamer 59,this game deserves a 10000 out of 10000 stars. even better on windoes
,Recommended,264710,23230333,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,MelonLady,"Short review on this game? As per the date I am writing this review, it's as followMeet Subnautica, a vibrant, vast, diverse ocean, filled with its stunning marine life. Corals, Fungus, Pisces all fill this ocean to life. Absence of storyline does not hold back this game's selling point.Don't buy this game if:- You are expecting this game to be the same as all other sandbox suvival game. It's just simply not ""same dish, different sauce"" kind of game- You have 2 GB of VRAM and expecting a constant 40-50 fps throughout your journey. Trust me, it will NOSEDIVE the more you play- You are expecting to survive, then retaliate to kill all the creatures that bites your♥♥♥♥♥♥in the early game- You want storyline- You think it's amazing for VRBuy this game if you have done the Don't Buy this game checklist and you passed all of it."
,Recommended,264710,23232051,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TheMaster101,"Great game! Play it all the time. The only downside is that on Mac, it is very laggy."
76561198077781600,Recommended,264710,23235075,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,shockchargeIV,"Subnautica is, simply, a great game. Probably one of the best survival games I've ever played and definately in my top 10 games of all time. The only problem i have with it is that it is a bit of a grind at the beginning, but after an hour or so of gameplay it picks up. BUY THIS GAME AND SUPPORT THE DEVELOPERS because its totally worth the price, and supporting the devs will only help make it better. This game is a 9/10. And did i mention that it has some of the prettiest graphics and best art style of almost any game I've ever seen? Yeah, it does. I can't wait to see what the developers add next!"
,Recommended,264710,23162880,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ThinMint\,Beuatiful graphics and very open gameplay.
76561198042027077,Recommended,264710,18515727,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Dr. Assistant Homiside,"A very fun game, dispite it being in early alpha, I find it fun.Pros:+ Ocean Simulator 2015+ Survival+ Amazing GraphicsCons:- No sound or graphic settings- No mission/quest guidesOverall:8/10 (Early Alpha Review Score)"
76561198275795882,Recommended,264710,23750805,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Master A.D.,"Pros:Amazing level of creativityGreat graphicsCool musicReally well designed creaturesGreat gameplayCons:I don't care, this game is awesomeOn personal note, a very well crafted addicting game. I always like games with great level of creativity and I love this game.One moment I was looking at something tiny and cute looking, next moment it grabbed my arm and started sucking my blood.10/10 will get my blood sucked again"
,Recommended,264710,23764948,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,samua.cherry,i fell in love with this game the moment i got it it would crash alot but that did not stop me from playing it countless hors playing this game i just hAVE ONE QUESTION can i use the steam gamepad
,Recommended,264710,17235160,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,TheMrNavin,"Hey dev guys... i bought tihis game cuz i liked it , but new updates are taking long time... so now there is no motive me to play it since there isnt anyting new coming. The game is just sleeping since i already crafted everything... i have nothing else to do in the game ..."
76561197994285610,Recommended,264710,17949527,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Aardvark Lord,"Simply put, this is a game entirely about the exploration and discovery within this alien world.  I absolutely adore this game and hope to see the truly finished project sometime soon, because as things stand I have already fallen in love with the experiences this world provides.  There's a legitimate sense of wonder as you explore the various biomes within and often times I don't begrudge any dangers I discover just because of how strange and unique they all are.  Some of my favorite moments in the game have been scares, though these are few and far between, and sometimes aren't even caused by actual threats; for example the Reefback (which is this world's whale equivalent) scared the bejeezus out of me when I first saw it simply because I somehow hadn't noticed it until it was right on top of me.  That said though, it is very much in beta right now, as there are more than a few glitches and the Aurora feels a little barren, considering that it's what was once your home.  Also, the depths that some of the ships can go to seem a little... restricted, as the most vibrant areas I've seen (from a distance mind) exist below crush depth.  Still, the game is very very enjoyable even in its current state and I would heartily recommend it for thos who enjoy exploration."
,Recommended,264710,26575202,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,scubidoobie,Wow.... Just... Wow.What a fun game.Played for about 20 hours. Really enjoying it and I can't wait to see what they do next!Well done Devs. Well done!
76561198074771693,Recommended,264710,26582004,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,budge49,After the recent updates the game runs like slug.Also its turning into a grind .eg battery life and to aggressive beasts.is the game being optimised for xbone now and not the pc ?
,Recommended,264710,27320667,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Inathero,Do you like water? Deep undersea exploration? Have a fear of the depths? Hate experiencing the crushing fear of being lost in a dark underwater cave and oxygen's running out?Then get Subnautica. It's great :D
,Recommended,264710,18958021,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Redundant,WE NEED MULTIPLAYER!
,Recommended,264710,17970527,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,spryyyte,"Still in Early access, but non the less a very beautiful game. Sounds are amazing, ambiance is perfect. Can become scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Very entertaining. And it gets better and better with time. Give credits to the developpers and buy that game. Best survival around here. No doubts."
,Recommended,264710,21121129,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Sir Rose,"People told me, ""Don't fear the Reaper"".*see's it coming straight at my seamoth*♥♥♥♥♥♥s pants**ALT + F4*i hate u all ;-;3/0.1 would♥♥♥♥♥♥again."
,Recommended,264710,28209485,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,elistoned,"""The ocean is scary and everything in it wants to eat you simulator 2016."" Fun game, the building part is fun, resource hunting can be tedious, enemies can be infuriating (more so since the latest updates added the ""teleporting claw your eyeballs out nope"", and the ""gigantic omg it shoots fireballs at your face nope"".) Placement of some of the tech items is absurd but with practice and a monstrous amount of planning and patience they can be obtained. True the game has gotten substantially harder over updates but for the atmosphere, gameplay and especially the graphics I can still honestly recommed this title. I would however suggest tying to grab it on a sale though."
,Recommended,264710,23893307,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,colethelion321,best game ever-10/10
76561198055548452,Recommended,264710,20665659,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Durzo,"I spent 13 hours on one of the earlier releases, and I had a blast the entire time. The graphics were great back then, but they just keep making them even better. Since then, I haven't played because I want to wait until the full release just for discovery purposes - I love playing for realism/immersion. If you enjoy playing games for immersion purposes, this is definitely the game to do that with. All the small things are there - your character running out of oxygen, splashing sounds, great music, almost a never ending supply of new and interesting species, technologies, biomes to discover, no loading screens, the list goes on. I honestly couldn't ask for more in a game except for one thing.... Cooperative multiplayer.But hey, I get it that they are making a perfect game and by adding multiplayer can mess with the stability and overall quality of a game so I'm not even upset about it.I'm also happy to see that Unknown Worlds is taking the time to perfect the game before fully releasing it, as apposed to so many companies these days that release bug-infested games way too early and make the community suffer through their mistakes for months and months.Overall: Get this game! $20 is a steal for the overall quality and entertainment you get! I'd happily pay double for this and who knows, it just might be double post-release!"
,Recommended,264710,16047700,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Vloshko,"Subnautica is a game where you learn to listen to the sounds around you, they higher pitched and softer the sound, the safer it is. The lower pitched and louder the sounds, the more dangerous. That being said, if you are Deaf, definitely buy this game as the greatest horror game available to you.If you want to roam around like Captain Nemo of The Nautilus and fight (scream♥♥♥♥♥♥at) sea monsters then this is the game for you! Not only can you customize the colors of your submarine, you can name it too, plus you get swords and rifles.If you are working over your fear of the water due to watching Jaws as a child, then Subnautica will be your greatest aid. The game will help you understand that your fears are irrational, as long as you stay in shallow waters. And that unless a nuclear meltdown occurs and radiation effects the wild life, everything will be OKAY.By the way, my only parting words of advice would be that the puffer fish that make a loud high pitched shrilling noise and come out of clams, like to HUG (you will see hearts) don't  hurt them and they won't hurt you."
,Recommended,264710,23832295,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,nitrocreeper53,this game is the ideal game for creative gamers.
76561198038159822,Recommended,264710,20546389,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Nöttmann,goo game
,Recommended,264710,23834601,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Alkanov,"Best game from 2016 Summer Sale - This is what ARK should have been... Survive, explore, explore, explore, have fun, have fun... forget about farming and farming and farming, this developers knew how to combine the right amount of farming with the right amount of exploring. Here you will have to collect items while having fun and not by sacrificing fun and time"
76561197995773863,Recommended,264710,23845877,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Xelotath,"Subnautica is good fun, and definitely worth the purchase even at full price if you like survival and exploration.  There are tons of nooks and crannies to discover (and pillage) and a good sense of progression in terms of improving tech allows deeper diving where you find even greater tech and treasures (though it does feel weird that you can safely dive to depths that crush your submarine).It's not exactly bug-free (exploring the crashed mothership is a clipping disaster atm) but there's nothing game-breaking that I've come across.There's a cool variety of creatures, plantlife, and biomes, controls are solid, and the crafting system works nicely.8/10 can't wait to see what comes in the next update"
76561198018509293,Recommended,264710,23847665,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,lotuspulse,The store page doesn't do this game justice to show the incredible atmosphere. This is the most engaging and immersive building/survival game there is. It is head and shoulders above its competition in terms of both polish and professional development.It does not require a VR headset in any way.
,Recommended,264710,23848043,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Color Pulse,UNDER THE SEAAAAAAAA UNDER THE SEA!
,Recommended,264710,23844173,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Crocmon,"I bought this game a little before the Farming Update, and have been playing it ever since. It'sfantasticto start up and kill a lazy Sunday with.Each update, even the minor stuff, brings notable quality of life improvements. From the ""power nap"" update that added beds and let you kill time in-game without burning your hydration/nutrition, to the Machine Update that added a whole new set of functionality to your base, this game is quickly turning into a surprisingly complex survival-exploration game. There's a very organically-found story on this planet the player is stranded on, with something fascinating and beautifully crafted waiting around almost every corner.Definitely a game to pick up and kill a weekend with once in a while. Grab it now, as what's available is going to feel awesome to play through on a slow weekend. It even has modes that let you turn off the typical ""survival"" elements of nutrition/hydration, allowing you to enjoy Subnautica however you see fit."
,Recommended,264710,23879263,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,gbug,My hours would probably go above 1000 if they add online.
76561198161129615,Recommended,264710,24051464,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Rgames,BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!i know it is a early access survival game BUT! its AMAZINGi love the exploring the base building and other stuff this game is GREAT BUY IT!!!!!
76561198147350375,Recommended,264710,24049194,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,adam.ferrier,"Best crafting game I think I have ever played... very rewarding, always finding new stuff to craft (more roomes for you base, new submarines etc.) Keep up the great work, can't wait to see where this goes!"
,Recommended,264710,24086170,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,iantron,"Subnautica is probably the most convincingly immersive game I've ever played. There's this feeling of vulnerability that I get when I'm swimming in the ocean that I've never quite experienced on land. Subnautics's imaginitive artwork, convincing sound effects, and all the atmospheric details manage to invoke that same feeling in a mere video game. One of my favorite   aspects of the gameplay is the chance of unexpectedly encountering some new creature or location while out exploring. These new encounters may be curiosities, beautifully crafted vistas, or clues with dramatic impact on the nature of your stay on Planet 4546B."
76561198018865521,Recommended,264710,24086314,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Morvael,"At first I felt lost, and thought there wasn't much point.I was wrong.Any new player I would recommend playing with the option of Food and Water turned off to begin with, I found this so much better as it gave me the time to explore and work out the game mechanics with out the constant fear of dehydration and starvation.Things that I wish some-one had told me:Your fabricator aquires new recipies when you gather materials - so pick up anything new you can findTheres a kelp forest quite close - you will need this pretty much as soon as you start, even though it looks scaryYour knife (which is the first thing you should make) is used for more than cutting, so things that don't look like they might cut - try them anyway.Follow the white pointers as to what you need to investigate (at least to begin with), I supect this might evolve into a proper tutorial of the game mechanics later on.Considering that its not even finished yet, this could well be a very good game for those that like exploration."
76561198375782999,Recommended,264710,30810518,Posted: 29 March,all,RavenBloop,"Initially, I learned about this game via youtuber Markiplier. His videos were informative and intense, as they usually are and I've watched him play countless games, but this is the one game I really WANTED to play! After viewing 30-40+ videos online, I had to play. After downloading Steam for free and paying the amazing price, I dove into the oceans of Subnautica! I don't know exactly what the appeal was, whether it was the fact you can literally be a marine biologist, architect, and excavator all in one game with very dynamic aspects like breathing and hydration and death, or that you could literally just float around the ocean and enjoy the amazing wildlife (while slowly dying of a disease). All I know is: it's an awesome game! And absolutely horrifying in a secret little way!9/10. Would love to see at least 3 rescuable NPCs. An engineer, to help maintain generators and build base modules, a farmer for obvious reasons, and an actual excavator to retrieve resources close to your base; it would also give a better reason for message relays and ""Rescue missions."" I know thats a lot of work, but would be amazing nonetheless."
76561198079018094,Recommended,264710,24059077,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,K Turtle,"Good game, I'm excited to see where it heads in its development. I've had very few issues so far, only a couple minor bugs. The only problem i feel is somewhat serious is the loading of different areas which appears to cause the game to lag sometimes, as many others have pointed out. Overall, an extremely enjoyable game with even more potential."
76561198256727036,Recommended,264710,24056503,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Tata Burd,Have just started playing and I already love it. Definately reminds me of an under water version of Rust but I do wish there was a co-op side to the game (hopefully it will be added in the future).
,Recommended,264710,24061958,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Jabbic,"A beautiful game with a different twist on survival. Rather then dominate/conquer the world, in Subnautica you learn to live with the world and coexist in the ecosystem. This game is worth the price just on the visuals alone, I have never played such a visually stunning game."
,Recommended,264710,24063205,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,D S E R O,10/10
76561198187794330,Recommended,264710,21522687,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Arekasadara,"Being stranded in a vast ocean with no means of contacting the outside world would ordinarily make most people go insane, but Subnautica is a sexy blend of environmental romanticism and life-threatening monsters that keeps me begging for more.Although it is designed around a confined map, the game boasts an amazing array of marine habitats to explore. With the possible exception of a well-defined coastal zone, Subnautica includes many biomes from shallower waters to pitch-black trenches.The game also boasts a rather large array of aquatic life and plants. Many of the creatures are locally defined, and some can only be found in specific locations. Some of the smaller ""fish"" and many of the plants are harvestable, (if you choose to play the game in survival mode), and many of the larger creatures are quite dangerous, even if you have a weapon at hand. (I use the term ""weapon"" rather loosely since most of the weapons currently provided are ill-suited against the ocean's apex predators.) However, I imagine the developers will change this in the future, especially as they introduce larger and more aggressive creatures. (Hooray?) :)The number of craftable items is quite long, and it may take a while to find the blueprints if you do not first build a proper submersible, and you must find blueprints for those as well. Unfortunately, only two sub designs are provided, and they are characterized by limited customization. Future updates may hopefully unveil a wider array of options.One of the alluring aspects of the game is base-building. The components are rather simplistic, futuristic tubings, (albeit with a nice steel sheen), with a cookie-cutter style made for snapping pieces together. However, you can build essentially anywhere so long as you can compensate for water pressure at greater depths. Base decor is still rather skint. However, the arrival of the farming update has certainly increased the range of aesthetics.In the end, Subnautica is amazingly genre-defining for an early-access game. It is far from finished, but the devs have certainly made a great impression on most of the people who play the game. I look forward to what they have in store down the road. Thanks Unknown Worlds!"
76561198142075232,Recommended,264710,23056661,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,"Terranos, God of Creation",Probably the best Early access game ever made 100/10but i can't play cuz i got a♥♥♥♥♥♥laptop XD
76561198113940617,Recommended,264710,23005018,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Mike567,Amazing and scary.
,Recommended,264710,23008510,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,deathzers,great game havent seen many games match it in vishuals in the collect and build format and great price with a growing world.
76561198294576591,Recommended,264710,25180545,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,晓晓少年,"The game is very good, look forward to the maker launched online mode."
76561198145561371,Recommended,264710,23110222,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Bugabooloo,"Pros:Absolutely breathtaking design. The rainbow of colors in this game are a nice reprieve from the drab, muddy pallets of most survival games. However don’t let that fool you. The ocean is an unforgiving place, and the farther you have to stray from the safe shallows for supplies, the scarier that ocean becomes. Not only that, the flora and fauna are so well designed that you will no doubt be convinced that you’re in an alien world.Curiosity is on your side here as the many environments will drive you to explore the word as much as possible.Crafting is very satisfying, and the fragment system a nice addition that further encourages exploration.Even with advanced technology, the game successfully creates a sense of helplessness early on.Cons:So it's important to understand that this is an early access game. Much of what I find issue with now might very well have been fixed by the time the game gets its full release. That being said…if you’re looking for story now then you likely won’t find it. There is going to be a story update later on however as of this review it hasn’t been added, and for some that can be a make or break for this game.This can be a beast to run. I hear many complaints that this games doesn’t run for some people and that makes sense. There’s a lot to render. I've personally delt with frame rate drops and freezes. Although it have gotten better.That damn moon never falls under the horizon. (My inner astronomer cries every time I see it make doughnuts in the sky) also why the earth moon? Just why..no female character! Not yet anyway. One is in the works though.About The Dev Team:When we got this game early on in its development, the Aurora was still just a pretty back drop with an impenetrable radiation barrier, and anything past the red grass plains was an abrupt sandy drop-off. Without a doubt this is one of THE most dedicated and open dev teams on any early access title I've ever played. They really do want to put out the best product they can, and they rarely fail to give us monthly updates that open the world even more. They are very open to input to the point where they even provide an in-game feedback window to report bugs or give suggestions. You can tell this is one of the few games that will have a chance of getting out of early access hell.Over all this is a great game for the little explorer in you. Definitely worth the investment."
76561198144392178,Recommended,264710,21896386,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Yondoth,"An amazing game.  While under the water surface, it's a completly different world down there.  As are our oceans.  But this game brings ait to a whole new level. However!  I highly suggest having a beastly computer when playing this game.  Mine can hardly handle it.  The H2O update did justice to the game.  Great game."
76561198183189783,Recommended,264710,24484137,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,TwitchedGamersEdge YT,"I Spent 2 and a half hours on a world ealier and it looked amazing, i save it and close the game, i then go back on subnautica BAM ITS GONE, Please tell me why this happened someone, im so annoyed.But i do recommend this games, its amazing!"
76561198157463234,Recommended,264710,22107921,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,gamergeek117,"This game is honestly one of the best games i have ever played on steam. It is a purely amazing experience that kept me on the edge of my seat everytime i began to starve and was forced to improvise, every time i discovered a new fascinating biome , or evaded a terrifying sea creature that was intent on making me its next meal. Another great aspect of the game is its wealth of content just waiting to be discovered, this includes research, bases, submersibles, and even the flavor text which just increases the quality of the experience. Unlike many other early access games the developers are consistantly releasing new content in the form of updates which are as plentiful as they are thurough in their quality.with all of this said and with a mere $20 price tag i see no reason not to stop reading the review section right now and buy the game as soon as possible................SEARIOUSLY BUY IT! You will not regret it."
,Recommended,264710,30776433,Posted: 27 March,all,Draknar,great sandbox ocean game
76561198132545461,Recommended,264710,24460315,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,zomboss484,best game i ever played i would play this game for a long long time.
76561197997330642,Recommended,264710,24005689,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,shykta,"This is a gorgeous and immersive experience and you really have to give it a try.Caveats:- At the stage of early access I played it in, the plot was basically absent. There snippets of backstory, and ""signals"" you can find that point you at supposedly interesting things... but at some point, you will put the finishing touches on your awesome base or submarine, and find yourself wondering ""well, now what?"" I'm hoping the release version gives you more pointers and more reasons to explore, beyond just blueprints for gear.- Physics glitches: your lifepod might rapidly drift across the map; animals might glitch inside your base; beacons you drop might glitch into the ground. Texture limits: The crashed spaceship looks good from a distance, but gets increasingly blocky in resolution if you swim up to it. I think these might be Unity engine issues, and I'm wondering how well the devs will be able to work around them.Pros:- It's visually amazing. It's probably even more so in VR.- Base-building is fun; it's surprising how much time I spent doing that.- Gameplay seems fun and well balanced (so far); the resource-gathering and survival aspects are more satisfying than grindy.- Scary critters: are always scary."
,Recommended,264710,22245243,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,KronicDreamz,"Incredible game, highly recommended for those that like survival, exploration, crafting games."
76561198007106004,Recommended,264710,24035810,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,tk421-a,"Love this game and actually can't get enough of it.  If you like;- Customizing- Building- Searching- The sounds and sights of being underwater- crazy urge to start a new game simply to do it all over againthen this game is for you.My only con is the slow pace of new content, but each patch and upgrade is fantastic.  Keep up the great work guys and gals!  Well done, can't wait for this to be full release"
,Recommended,264710,23972064,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Gay Hamster,I rate 7/10 would be better with Co-op
,Recommended,264710,24067544,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Dream,"This game is amazing and I highly recommend it to fans of crafting/survival/progression games. The environment that it creates is extremely immersive.TO ALL THOSE STUCK AT LOADRight click Subnautica in your libraryClick propertiesClick Set launch optionsEnter ""-force-d3d9""Click okay, and launch Subnautica(This forces Subnautica to use Directx9 as the renderer)You shouldn't have to wait more than 2-3 minutes now.If you think you shouldn't have to do this because your graphics card supports Directx11, mine does as well but I can't load the game unless I use that launch option."
,Recommended,264710,24024432,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Broseidon,"This is one of the best survival games I have ever played and it isn't even fully out yet. This game shows you the beauty and terror of exploring the unknown. The biomes are placed nicely with creatures that fit it. The game can decieve you with its peaceful feeling at first. Until you leave the safe shallows and find the horrors of the ocean. Even to this day I still am scared swimming in the ocean and not being able to see the bottom. The games soundtrack fits with the overall atmosphere. Since the devs are working nonstop with the game it always is adding new items, biomes, and monsters that give you nightmares. There is always something to do in Subnautica like trying to find the floating islands to making your own nameable submarine. The game also has giant creatures in the water just to keep you on edge. To keep it simple though Subnautica is the survival game you want to buy."
,Recommended,264710,24026152,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Pvt. S. Galb [508th 1P]-1S,"Great game for early access!Pros-Lots of thing to do, see, and make-Update every month-Dev team cares about the community and listens to them-Will keep you hooked for a while-Ability to report bugs easily to send right to the devsCons-Requires a beefy computer orat least a good computer-A couple bugs here and thereIf you enjoy the survival genre of games and have the computer to run it. This is an almost must have for you!"
,Recommended,264710,17696302,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Trifumpy,I love it <3 Absolutely worth to buy!
76561198140482334,Recommended,264710,24044539,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Zannador,Amazing graphics and immersion. Would recommend this game and have done. Looking forward to the story line that is still being developed and I would like to be able to explore more of the crashed ship.
76561198175814775,Recommended,264710,17990511,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Milo2126,I love this game and im especially happy about the seamoth update. I only encontered one bug where i was in the cyclops by the wheel but not driving and when i came back i moved and i glitched throught the submarine floor. Im lucky i was able to reach the submarine trapdorr to make the game think i got out of the submarine. well thats all thanks for reading :) .
,Recommended,264710,22126074,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,bRuhhhhhh,SO. MUCH. FUN.
76561198079496119,Recommended,264710,21020284,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,colonyclown,"Okay, I'm not the best at reviews and I usually dont say anything as others are more eloquent than myself. But, I feel that this game deserves as many positive reviews as possible, so here I go.This game had me hooked within the first 10 minutes.Subnautica enthralls me at every turn as I explore this aquatic world, searching for the necessary materials to keep me alive. The flora and fauna of the game feel unique from any other and all with their own flavor text, image and uses. The graphics for this game are stunning from the surface reefs to the hidden caverns and thermal vents to the deep sea bed and trenches.I recommend this game to anyone who likes survival, exploration or aquatic games of any type as all three will be satisfied with the content. I have huge hopes for this game and I can't wait for whats in store!"
,Recommended,264710,21045940,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,slushyballs,this game is so awesome and when i say awesome i mean BLOODY BRILLIANT!! theres so much to explore and its pretty hard its a BIG pain to catch fish but u will get the hang of it the crafting is cool the building is awesome and its very addictive its a great game and u guys should get it
,Recommended,264710,21116302,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,A Rather Festive Saggybuttcheeks,can't wait for multiplayer
,Recommended,264710,20901693,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,D5-αT8,an excellent game that only gets better with each update however one thing that I think would make the game better is a co-op mode to let people come together and build their own empire of Atlantis ( or whatever they choose it could be they battle sea moths or race them )
,Recommended,264710,31227147,Posted: 18 April,all,[FNG] Deadspace22769,This is definitly one of the best underwater survival games on steam. Not only does the developer listen and respond to user bugs and feedback but he continues to update add and change the game for the sole purpose of user enjoyment. I have had this game for a little over a year now and the game it has become amazes me. I would pay $30 for this game and I would recommend that you buy it and continue to be amazed by the constant updates the developer makes.
,Recommended,264710,22492232,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Mac Aodha,"Really love this game. Picked it up out of curiousity, now I'm hooked. The only thing that really kept me from buying it a while back was the fact that it was early access. Boy, I was wrong. Now, I'm exploring underwater caverns and gathering resources, instead of bugging out like any other early access. Goodjob on the devlopers for not making a cancerous piece of garbage, but instead making a masterpiece, one I intend to log some more time into."
76561198353983898,Recommended,264710,30515727,Posted: 14 March,all,LesserCrawdad87,If you want to go deep sea diving but dont want to get wet play this game. Its a nice fun game. Its worth every penny. I like this game. Its not my top most favorite but its either my 2nd or 3rd favroite.
,Recommended,264710,15866967,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Distaris,This game is simply amazing. Nice b8 m8 i r8 8/8.
76561197971655121,Recommended,264710,25230720,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Frobozz,This game is just plain fun and well well worth the 20 I paid.  Its mostly exploration with base and equiptment buildup is search of what brought down your space ship.  if you like the idea of submarines and scuba diving then this is the game for you.  I really can't recommend this enough :-) .
76561198022788194,Recommended,264710,15764534,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Hakke,the pure sensation of diving and exploring an alien underwaterworld is very well done. its early access so expect weird bugs and other annoyances but even with that in mind this game is one of a kind and worth checking out.
,Recommended,264710,31333872,Posted: 23 April,all,h0rusFPS,"Best game I have ever purchased under $10, can not stop playing"
76561198005465199,Recommended,264710,25375328,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,sixthscents,"This game is a piece of ART! Seriously, the graphics are stunning with vibrant colors, incredible shading and lighting effects along with a level of detail that is frankly awesome. VIDEO 9/10 The audio is equally compelling. From the first this game has been excellent in recreating both the fish sound underwater (I am a sport diver) and the way you actually feel sound as it is transmitted through the water. Futher stirring and great music. AUDIO 9/10 Story and plot. It is hard to judge this since the game is still in Early Access but I am going to anyway. Since the games release the developers have built the narrative and carefully added to the lore and storyline. Again STORY 9/10So... overall for an EARLY ACCESS GAME 9/10 Seriously if you buy 1 game this year I think it should be this one. What a great job and I simply cannot wait to see what the developers add next. I just cannot gush enough about this game... THIS IS HOW EARLY ACCESS GAMES SHOULD BE DONE!!!!!!"
,Recommended,264710,25375553,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,rTaP™,"OverviewSubnautica is a noteworthy game to play because it offers gameplay different than anything on the market currently. Subnautica gives the player the ability to dive into an unknown ocean on an unknown planet and discover many different life forms, biomes, and structures. It is well worth the price tag.What makes this game different than others?Open world exploration in large and small submarines.Unique creatures both large and small.Complex underwater base building.Great graphics and art style.Monthly updates from the developers.Simple and organized crafting system.What should I know before buying this game?A powerful PC is needed to run this game. The game will run smoother and will be easier on the PC as the developers start to simplify the code.Not as much content in the game currently as I would have hoped for. You can still do a ton of stuff, but you may want wait a while for more content to be added before buying.A bug every so often, but nothing game breaking."
,Recommended,264710,29155644,Posted: 9 January,all,Purple Monkey Dishwasher,"TLDR:  It is awesome even in it's current state but I am going to wait until it is more solid before I keep playing.I have put about 40 hours into this and I am way excited to see where it is going to go in the future.  There is really plenty of game here if you can ignore the bugs.  There are little bugs like missing assets and pop in but the biggest bug is that after a while playing the game, it will start to hitch and eventually after 20 or so hours it becomes unplayable and will just crash.  After some investigation it seems that it is due to how it hadles assets in the evironment (like where did you leave things and where the minerals are etc.)  I know there is a work around by deleting some cache files but I think i will just wait to keep playing once that happens.I genuinely had some pants-crapping events like when you are in a kelp forest and a stalker attacks you.  Going out at night is just plain awesome.   Give it a try."
,Recommended,264710,30940368,Posted: 4 April,all,L.,"An adventure.That's the simplest and most foolish way to describe this experience.You are marooned on an ocean world with little help and resources, beyond a few meager emergency supplies and the sight of your once-mighty ship blasted into a wreck. Your first order of business is going to be the single greatest challenge of all - to survive. Maybe you can find what you need, with the little help there is to you, and you will do your share of moving around and gathering resources and food and try to find water. Even after you have managed to survive and even become something more than the lone survivor clinging desparately to the tiny can that saved your life -  there are still greater mysteries and terrible dangers to be discovered. Swim strong and swim smart - because you're on your own.Welcome to the ocean world 4546B.Welcome to Subnautica."
,Recommended,264710,31142739,Posted: 14 April,all,dogethedog,"it grate thow it has so much lag and bugs, BUT ITS AWSOME!!!"
,Recommended,264710,31190406,Posted: 16 April,all,JustHavingFun,the game is good but its REALLY laggy please fix it asap or wheb you can ok
,Recommended,264710,31209673,Posted: 17 April,all,PundaExpress,"I LOVE this game. Its so addicting, you'll find youself sitting at the computer for hours trying to build the perfect base or find the last part of a blueprint.Just one tip for players: BE CAREFUL, THE OCEAN IS VERY SPOOPY"
,Recommended,264710,31226922,Posted: 18 April,all,The Armagedodon,"I haven't played many of the crafting survival sims but I've read a lot of Herman Melville and have had a lifelong obsession with the watery side of the world. At times, I think Subnautica could well be my perfect game. Where the game succeeds is in giving you that initial xen feeling of being an alien within an alien environment. The underwater world is colourful and teaming with life and resources to collect to help you to explore further. The world opens up in terms of depth and the game quickly begins to magnify the horror of the ocean. Whether it's discovering huge sea creatures, or just staring down towards the darkness of the abyss. The deeper you go, the more pressure is put on your resources and the scarier the game gets.I've been playing this game whilst listening to film soundtracks, interstellar, inception, the abyss etc. Just don't play this game with the Jaws soundtrack on. I freaked myself out far too many times..."
76561198289241006,Recommended,264710,31228290,Posted: 18 April,all,JeebusCrust,This game is an amazing open world-survival-sandbox game. Graphically stunning. My only problem IS THE DAMN UPDATES... I WANT TO PLAY MORE... I HAVE OVER 300 HOUR COMBINED WITH 2 ACCOUNTS AND I NEED MORE CONTENT. ITS BEEN OVER A MONTH.
,Recommended,264710,31228485,Posted: 18 April,all,seliphra,"This game is beautifully made, rendered and styled in an incredible way. You can choose to play in survival mode, or hope into a sub in creative mode and just explore the oceans. There isn't a lot yet in the way of achievements and I can't figure out if there is a way to win the game, but it is wonderful and sometimes terrifying."
76561198116668147,Recommended,264710,25581212,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,smoooooosh,Amazing game. Extremely immersive and visually creative. Gameplay is addicting. Highly recommended.
76561198275866861,Recommended,264710,29477604,Posted: 24 January,all,gamingcobra21,This is something that is worth the money and it will make you play it for hours like it did for me [165 hours of game play] i'm very impressed with Unknown Worlds.
76561198089971363,Recommended,264710,31203878,Posted: 17 April,all,SmartWire,"I will keep this short and to the point.Simply put, this game is amazing. I have been an avid gamer since early 2009, and I am constantly on the search for a new staple in my gaming diet. Despite the hundreds of games in my steam inventory, take a look for yourself, this game has rose to the top. I own around around one hundred sandbox/survival/crafting games, this one surpasses all of the others. The terrain that surrounds you is simply charming, the underwater caves that twist and turn, the shipwrecks that hold valuables, those little red f*ckers who explode, everything has an immense amount of detail. The waves follow the wind and the life pod even floats accordingly. Then comes the night, when nightfall drapes across the ocean you call home, subnautica shows its true colors, no pun intended. The fauna that surrounds you begins to glow with whatever color they have as their own, the coral comes to life and emits a vibrant neon color that is simply breathtaking. The sand shifts and the seaweed drifts, the textures in the game are second to none. You will never be bored either, want to build a ship? Do it fam. Wanna build a laser gun capable of going through reinforced steel? Hit it Johnny. Wanna build an underwater base? What are you waiting for, you do you! Wanna build a fish farm so you never run out of food? DO IT! The world is yours, every option, every creative possibility is your’s for the taking. I have only started playing this game for the last 2 weeks and already have 41 hours put into it and am nowhere NEAR done with my 1st playthrough, this may be the best 20$ I have ever spent in my life. Do yourself a favor and pick up this game.Sincerely,Your friendly neighborhood SmarWire."
76561198307179268,Recommended,264710,30935035,Posted: 3 April,all,WhalenJP (The Purple Guy),"It's A FANTASTIC Experience For Me, And It Has It's Own Spooks That Go Bump In The Night. I REALLY Love This Game. `WhalenJP(The Purple Guy) Young Youtuber"
76561198265486574,Recommended,264710,30896656,Posted: 2 April,all,Jake Smith (Salty),good game
76561198311483274,Recommended,264710,30904773,Posted: 2 April,all,Isoroku Yamamoto,This game is amazing! buy it! I have nothing but good experiences and good things to say! Buy this game if you like survival games or fun things!
76561198046316770,Recommended,264710,30904667,Posted: 2 April,all,extreme330,Amazing survival game! Recommend to anybody!
76561198193967610,Recommended,264710,15793915,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,DiamondDuckDude,"Amazing yet mysterious and eerie at the same time. And to think, even though its already a great game, its not even finished yet. I can't wait to see what the future holds for Subnautica..."
,Recommended,264710,21996538,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,amontiellomusic,"To keep it short and sweet, the reason I give this game the thumbs up is simply because of a unique take on an overdone crafting mechanic. I have many survival/crafting/exploration games, but this one stands out for two reasons: no game I have ever played has done so much with an underwater feel, not even bioshock or GTA5 has given me such a sense of being in the ocean. As for the second reason, well I kind of mentioned it before when I said that this crafting mechanic is done over and over again, but one thing that makes it worth it is the style. Not only do you pretty much have a no-clip-like opportunity due to swimming underwater, but you also get to explore how to build things not just from the ground up, but also from up to down, from side to over to out and such....if that made any sense haha.Lastly, I do want to include that I worked at The New England Aquarium for just over a year and a half, and in that time I became very facsinated with marine biology. I haven't delved too much into the actual species analyzer devices, but the fact that they are there tells me that the makers of this game created an entire circle of life and food chain to go with it.In basic form, there is a ton of things to do in this game. You can have a care-free creation mode and build the ultimate fortress with unlimited resources, or you can play varying versions of the story mode and learn to fight and survive on an unknown alien planet in the ocean.Now, there are some things I would like to address, which many of you Steam players would know already, but with Early Access comes faulty functioning. Sometimes, you will glitch off the map, sometimes you will get stuck, and a lot of times you'll see some textures not loading in time. But that won't effect my review, as it's still in early access. I hope these things are addressed sooner rather than later, but it's no big deal. Even state of the art games such as Borderlands or Team Fortress 2 see these problems from time to time.To any developor of the game who is reading this, bravo! Although the game lacks a few things I would love to see (such as more weapons, vehicles, and a LOT more base building pieces) it is in Early Access, and I am satisfied as it is. Any and everything you have done with this game so far has been amazing!EDIT: I just wanted to come back here, and it's 8 months later than the original review that I posted....and sooooo many more hours put into this game. I have been watching this game develop more and more, and at nearly 120ish hours put into this game, I can say without a doubt that I am very much looking forward to the full release of this game. To me, I live for games like this. Subnautica and I have a very special bond, and by that I mean I am more than happy to wait for this game to develop into a full version....I don't say this with many Early Access games, because they usually get shelved....but I give full support to the devs. They give us a pretty decent update every 2-4 weeks, usually something either to do with a bug fix or new content. I'm okay with that. It's fine as it is now, and as I have been watching the story come together, I am SOOOO excited to see what will happen when the game is complete. 100/10, would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants when I see a Sea Dragon Leviathan again."
76561198141727910,Recommended,264710,30910115,Posted: 2 April,all,Gamer garett,I love it
,Recommended,264710,30889424,Posted: 1 April,all,KennySalty,"Gud Gaem, vurry guud, veri scery"
76561198363706447,Recommended,264710,30912625,Posted: 2 April,all,ryan.george96,every time i try to play the it says that it is not responding
,Recommended,264710,30845350,Posted: 30 March,all,Blackìce™<Chach>,At first I saw a video of subnautica showup on the steam store and it flew right past me. Second time I saw a friend playing it and I messaged him was it any good? he replied I am terrified of oceans and this game has me hooked. So as an avid terrified ocean goer myself I thought oh s#&@ lets try this. Went on to my favorite sea faring vessel site and found a copy.. tried it and within 15 minutes I was exiting and purchasing the game which was actually on a sale! bonus.  This game is 100% worth paying for for many reasons.1) the game is visually awesome2) the company actually releases updates regularely3) the game itself is quite indepth and worth the price. ive paid $20 for a 3D dbox movie for 2hours - this is easily 10+ hours of play time over and overA few cons are some glitches are totally demoralizing like the lose your knife or items glitch. Its fixed in experimental but then you are dealing with other lag issues. Time will fix these problems as the company itself seems to be working on these. You can google subnautica and track the progress.check it out. its worth it!
76561198216487616,Recommended,264710,23161441,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,kellymaelambert,i think it would be cool if we could build modules on to the escape pod and dock it to the cyclops sub
76561198271747873,Recommended,264710,20669873,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Bananu,Story: Having crash landed on a distant planet and needing to survive until rescue teams come is an awesome premiseGraphics: This game is the prettyest looking game i have ever seen it looks @#^* gorgeus and i can imagine it looks even better in VR.music: its nice ambeient toons will stick in your memoryGameplay; its a cool survival game with lots of cool sci-fi stuff and its amazingfinal rating: 10/10 not a single flaw
76561197975500310,Recommended,264710,25597264,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,OHMSS,"This game is a lot of fun. It's not going to last you a hundred hours but there's definitely 20+ hours of fun in it. Worth it! The team seems to put out regular updates too and has a Trello board where you can see what the plan for it is over the next 12 months. If they build on their ""LOST"" style story writing, and expand the exploration/crafting this game could be a really big hit."
,Recommended,264710,25517610,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,mochipink89,"Optimization still needs lots of work, lots of bugs that still need to be worked on (like cyclops glitch and its fragments)But you know what? Considering that the game is still being developed, there is A LOT you can do!Best 27 hours of my life! This game is basically underwater minecraft...well almost haha. The ocean is beautiful, love the fabricator idea and trying to survive in the ocean full of cute and scary fishies :3Please continue to upgrade!! Im so exited to see the full version of this game!"
76561197976939633,Recommended,264710,25585466,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,MadMonkey,"Subnautica has some serious potential and is already fun to play. The sea is a criminally overlooked gameplay environment and has a lot to offer.I've casually followed development and the creators are doing a great job at adding content.Pros:Beautiful environmentsAbility to get creative with underwater habitats and suchGreat creature designLots of stuff to craftExcellent atmosphere, calm and relaxing in the shallows and then rapidly becoming creepy and terrifying once you start exploring outwardCons:Story isn't finished, but nobody claimed that it wasSome graphical issues, some significant stuttering at times and a lot of pop-in (again, not a finished game)Currently it feels like there is a big overabundance of enemies in a lot of places, hard to get anything doneOverall it's certainly worth a try."
76561198301726361,Recommended,264710,25586330,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Forwyrd,"(I try to be 100% honest in my reviews. Enjoy!)I have already written a review for Subautica. Last time, I did not reccomend it. But I decided to play it some more, and the game has proved me wrong and shown me its worth. I have recanted my past review. Here is the new one.Subnautica is an exploration game set on an entirely ocean planet, where you are the lone surivior of a mining ship that crashed onto the surface, the Aurora.Your main base of operations for the time being is Lifepod 5. You will find rudimentary tools and equipment here to start off your survival. And that is the point, as well: survival.First, let me start off with this: if you do not like games that take quite a while to make some decent progress, do not buy this game. You will have to go the long way around in many instances. (Now, keep in mind that if you watch a tutorial video, which I will mention later, it will take you around half an hour to get extremely decent progress.) After that, the game takes longer to do.Like I said, you start off in Lifepod 5 and work your way from there, catching fish for food and water, and mining resources along the coral and reefs for tools. MINOR SPOILER:After the Aurora explodes, you will need to find a radiation suit to go and explore it.This usually happens within three to four ingame days.Subnautica has many pros. In fact, I would say it is one of the most beautiful and intutive games of this year. But a lot of people, myself included, will be put off by the sheer HUGENESS of the world. It feels like you can never make any decent progress without going to great lengths to do so. The ends seem outlandish to get something that seems so trivial.The pros include the graphics, which are EXTREMELY beautiful, the creatures, and most importantly, the technology, which is AWESOME. It made me feel like one of the Lego figures I used to put in a spaceship I had built when I got into my first submarine.Let me end this review with just a plain and simple explanation. Subnautica is a game about surivival. That survival is challenging. You have to work for it in the game, and actually WORK for it, not just figure it out for yourself. But that is the main problem with Subnautica. It gives many vague referenes to how the Aurora crashed and the lore behind the world you are on, but it never explains directly what you're supposed to do and why you're doing it.If you want to get this game, go on ahead. I reccomend it! But look up some how to guides on Youtube before you start playing.Subnautica is a fine survival game that puts a clever, futuristic spin on the survival genre. But be warned: there is no endgame. Be prepared for your one and only goal to be surviving. I would wait until this game is on sale before buying.7.5/10PROS:Great graphicsStunning creaturesCool gadgetsCONS:Vague, hidden storyEndgoal other than surivival is not clearly statedBugs.(NOTE: Some of these will most likely be fixed when Subnautica comes out of Early Access. So either wait until it is on sale or out of EA to buy.)Hope this helps!"
,Recommended,264710,25573684,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,KriseRise,Pleas add co-op
76561197982805898,Recommended,264710,18516863,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,TeganNotSara,"Incredibly solid for being early access.First survival game to give me true sense of wonder as I explored this alien world.Regularly updated wtih new content.I come back to this game regularly, as it is simply amazing. It deserves an award for how best to actually use early access and how to deliver a meaningful game without a fcous on combat."
76561197972840341,Recommended,264710,23613507,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Astrospud,"Beautiful little sandbox surival game with crafting. Rich environments with really impressive water effects, this is a chillout game that I really get lost in, losing hours in the blink of an eye.Not too many games with such a diverse underwater theme available and this really does it well.I can't wait for they have in store in final retail release!Go get it."
,Recommended,264710,23650092,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Handsoap,"this game is still under Early Access and already has quality content in my opinion, would love to see the game get officially released XD"
76561198102307612,Recommended,264710,24249955,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mr. Kiesling,"Love this game!  But it needs  some  more weapens besides the knife, like  a harpoon gun or a laser gun or a modified  laser cuter that can shoot a small  energy ball / laser so we can hunt and defend ourselves from creatures in the game. And some base defense like traps and turrets that  you can be upgrade to be Auto turrets. And auto harvest robots (becuse it takes  sooooo long to harvest resources)and a cyclops docing Bay and really  large  fish  tanks for the bigger createries like  gassopods and stalkers and multi-player"
76561198282491533,Recommended,264710,24266152,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ClassicRens,"Subnautica is the best early access game out there. It puts you in the middle of the ocean where you must use your futristic technology to survive. The atmosphere the game gives is both facinating and scary. There will be times when you will constantly look all aaround you to watch out for the monsters that lurk beneath. The sound design is on point as you will hear the loud roars of monsters that will send chills down your spine. Above all, the game gives you alot to do, from building and expanding your bases to exploring the vast open world in your submarines discovering new things. The game is addicting and you will find yourself fully immersed in it. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys survival games and the ocean."
76561198103326349,Recommended,264710,24254688,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,House of Gains,"Still waiting for official release, but the game is awesome even in this state, i can only wish for never ending content to be released forever for maxium replayability. Buy it!"
76561197982685012,Recommended,264710,23845620,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rivethead,"**** Early Access Review****Bought during Steam's summer sale for $12. Never in my history of gaming have I spend 12 bucks so well.I am rather jaded when it comes to ""survival"" games; Subnautica , IMO, brings a whole new dimension to the genre. In fact, Subnautica is one of only a few games thatmakes me want to upgrade my rig just so I can enjoy the scenery more!The game runs ok, and in fact there was just a patch released that targets lower-end systems. I have alot of ""pop in"" of terrain at this time...and I assume it's because of my sub-standard rig =(And....the polish on this game is incredible!Those of you who have a super rig, and like the genre of ""survival"" games......buy Subnautica! Even if you meet minimum specs...buy Subnautica!Updated Rivscore-   91 / 100"
76561198115103640,Recommended,264710,20460300,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Plague Of Foxes,This is a fun survival game were you can build bases and collect resourses. I often find myself playing for hours before I relized how much time has passed. You can also keep yourself updated with the updates for the game by reciving e-mails by entering it on the main menu.
76561198010306226,Recommended,264710,23360453,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,♛Hem♛,"It's a great survival game, it's one of it's kind and Although it may crash and can be a little buggy at times. It's really a game worth buying!"
,Recommended,264710,20234751,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mr. Warmo,"Built submarines and a sea base, without noticing, 10 hours have passed, this is a amazing game, even though it is in early access. Yes there are a few bugs and some missing items, but the game is %100 good to play in its current state.The graphics are amazing, and mixing it with the incredible soundtrack, makes this game very immersive"
,Recommended,264710,20199669,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,natintin,This is a great game!  I like the feel of the controls.  The movement controls feel natural and the graphics are pretty decent too.  I am excited to see what happens with it in the future.
76561197980162143,Recommended,264710,20666076,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,blackspell,"Subnautica is a really terrific game. I'm playing it, you could say ""hardcore casual"", but it's always fun to submerge for some time and enjoy the ocean.While surely not as diverse as minecraft, it's also definitely not as blocky. ;-)I really like it and it's really worth the few bucks for early access."
76561198124987986,Recommended,264710,15219078,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Ploo,Has a nice sense of crashing but has a twist that your in the future. Very nice game machanices and good gameplay. But its still in beta so it will get better!
76561198018565259,Recommended,264710,20602390,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,emarat,"Subnautica is developing at a good pace (1 big update a month). It is a lot of fun to play, very beautiful and has a lot to do.There are a lots of different tech that you can use in the game and first you will have to find the fragmetns so you will have to travel around.One of the biggest pros (IMO) is taht you can build almost anywhere.One warning though a lot of the wildlife is hostile so be careful around creatures that you don`t know."
76561197971365850,Recommended,264710,18488402,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Octivus,"Feels like an underwater version of the planet in Avatar, digging the ambience.Immersive, beautiful and the existing content feels polished...just waiting for more of it!Hopefully more work on the Aurora, plot points, and possibly ending up back in space?"
,Recommended,264710,21557114,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,4X Player 402,"Reapers may now haunt my dreams, but it was worth it to play this excellent gem of an early access. Minimal bugs, pleasing visuals, and immersive gameplay makes Subnautica the best crafting/survival/exploration game I've ever seen. Only way it could be better is if there was a better way to shoo off those demonic Reapers than stun guns and an EMP submarine."
76561198102228049,Recommended,264710,20920817,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Shadow,This game is well made even though I do not have the Ram Reqierments But I will soon Overall this game is very cool and the graphics are amazeing even without the ram reqierments ( +1 Thumbs Up )
,Recommended,264710,15029818,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Kupo,"At first this game seems like just an every day survival game, and a lot of the running around at the start can seem a little tedeous, however this game is one of the most unique games I have played, from realistic physics to the marvels this oceanic planet has to offer. I look forward to see how this game progresses in the future and can't wait to play with more of the many gadgets im sure the developers are working on. :D"
76561198107920112,Recommended,264710,21692891,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,BrokenThrone,This is an AMAZING game! Please keep developing more! and please make resorces respawn - thats my main complaint at the moment! So keep it up :D
,Recommended,264710,19728475,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,✪ Noodle,10/10 best game 2015 Spookier than FNAf
,Recommended,264710,21138372,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Razzreal,"Beautiful, this game looks spectacular. While still in early development I would say this still is impressive with the scale and design of everything.  They just updated the lighting and water effects and it really shines....the dark is REALLY scary.  This is pretty much everything I have ever wanted from a game, with beatiful underwater landscapes(seascapes?) populated with a pretty diverse and unique flora/fauna.  I hope they keep going with the VR support and possibly add in multiplayer down the line.  But even if they don't I consider this a must buy while on sale and worth every penny spent.p.s. if you are looking for an underwater combat type game this is definitely not it....you are much more the explorer survivor as opposed to the conquerer type...ie the sea is out to kill you not the otherway around."
,Recommended,264710,20883674,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ComradConrad,"This game is AMAZING! Ive been interested in the ocean since i can remember, ive always wanted to be an oceanographer and discover new types of species in the ocean, if this sounds like you YOU MUST DOWNLOAD THIS GAME! while 20 dollars might sound a bit expensive it is worth it, while many argue that upgrades can make the game way too easy, however, i would like to say that after feeling the game is too easy I recommend creating a submarine and exploring the infinite depths of this world, there are SO MANY differnt colorful areas and exotic fish with each update, so in as few words as possible, BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!"
76561198247569794,Recommended,264710,21255384,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,The Crimtane Alpha,"I personaly love survival games. This one is amazing.Does have some graphical glitches, but its an early access, so its expected. Overall, Subnautica is a very unique survival game, i would defintiely recommend it. Plus, it has a Hardcore and Creative Mode!"
76561198090744891,Recommended,264710,21239291,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,deap sea squeeze tree,its a varry good game but thay need to add mulityplayer it wood be the best
76561198031878726,Recommended,264710,15664405,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,HaktanDz,"it was a huge emptyness, a game about underwater.. luckyly it come from my most favorite gaming kind.. a survival-crafting open world, you know..game is great.. scarry... really scarry sometimes.. when discovering deeps or caves etc.. and relaxing also, when collecting  quarts peacefully..ah and their developers are really working.. and making me feel it"
76561198044101781,Recommended,264710,21214204,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,PapaKhan,"One of the most unique, gorgeous, and awe-inspiring games I've ever played.  The fact that the game is SO beautiful, and SO polished, yet insn't even finished, is ming-boggling, do yourself, and your imagination, a favor, and buy this game."
76561198173294634,Recommended,264710,21330998,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,creeperx392x,The 35mins ive played the game im really liking it there is tons of awesome fish and i think that this games really good thanksThis game is i little bit buggy i only have played the creative and im heading to survival so i like the game and thanks for making it
,Recommended,264710,23847343,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ThumblessGaming,"I finally bought this because of the steam sale. The bright colors were a bit of a turn off at first, and were a lot of the reason for my hesitation, but at night they are about the only thing keeping this game from being terrifying.I'm a SCUBA diver IRL so this game has been constantly at the back of my mind, every time I saw it I would consider it.I can say for certain that the feeling of swimming to the edge of a large shelf and seeing that deep open ocean in front of you gave me anxiety that was almost too real. The gamer in me wanted to explore caves, but my inner diver sees them as extremely dangerous and the anxiety creeps in again any time there is something overhead.The game makes me want to build a big sea lab with an aquarium and enjoy a life of fishing and relaxation, but the way you are tempted to explore more, and then realizing that you need more resources, it works very well.I'm excited to put more time into this game.Update: Base at 200 Meters deep. I'm addicted.Game is still very much early access, and there are plenty of annoying bugs. I swore I'd never buy another early access game, but I'm glad I went back on my word."
76561197989273094,Recommended,264710,23915004,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,War,"Taking into account this is an early release product...1. When playing in fullscreen mode, in either dx9 or dx11, the game repeatedly failed to pass the loading screen and subsequently locked my laptop such that a battery pull was necessary to restart.2. When playing in windowed mode in dx11 the results were the similar to the above, however, the initial tutorial was at least started--with a consistent crash and computer lock occuring when the inventory was pulled up.3. When playing in windowed mode in dx9, the game will run fine.Solution:In game options set the program to run in windowed mode.In steam, select subnautica, go to properties and ""set launch options"".In the ""set launch options"" enter: -force-d3d9Save/close.My system meets or exceeds the minimum specs for this product and my drivers are current/stable. Many other titles run fine under dx11. To say the above has been greatly frustrating is an understatement--with over a dozen battery pull restarts required through the day on an otherwise very stable and reliable system.So is Subnautica worth a buy? Yes.This is an early access title with vast potential. The gameplay is marginally frustrating, as some resources visually very indistinct--can we say limestone? However, there is enough depth to make the game very seaworthy. The environment is fairly unique, in the survival paradigm, and I have not found it overly grindy in my limited playtime to date.As resources seem to be universally finite, I remain uncertain as to just how open-sandbox this title is. Equally, I hope that  more back story gets flushed out over time and/or a proper end game, if resources remain finite, is coded to afford either proper colonisation or escape. Again, this is early access and the potenial makes this worth a purchase whilst on sale."
,Recommended,264710,19818957,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Gladlyaddley1,"For me at least this is one of the most fun games I’ve ever played. Sure there’s not a lot of storyline to it, but at the same time that helps add to the mystery of it all. I love the fact that you can alter the terrain and build custom bases. Plus the fact is this is still an early access game. They’re encouraging people to point out any bugs the game has so they can give the best experience back to us. I think my biggest love for this game is the quality of sounds as I explore around and the beautiful scenary. I recommend anyone to play this.9/10"
,Recommended,264710,23871027,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Xolotl,An amazing game. Such a good concept. Look forward to exploring more and taking on toucher beasts... OH AND RUNNING AWAY SCREAMING FROM SEA MONSTERS XD
,Recommended,264710,23917070,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MadgeAttack,THIS GAME NEEDS MULTIPLAYER.
,Recommended,264710,23846006,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Freemanator1831,This game is amazing.PROS-Open World-Amazing enviornements-Amazing creatures-You can choose the difficulty-Tells you what you need-Base buildingCONS-No multiplayer
76561198153419348,Recommended,264710,23875110,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,killinwithskillt,This game is AWESOME!! Although I would really like to see co-op or multiplayer. Maybe the ability to invite friends into my worlds.
,Recommended,264710,23877432,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[PUG] Ceeps,"This game is amazing. Tons of exploration and crafting, and scary moments versus fish trying to kill you. With the gameplay that they have, it feels fairly polished for early access.I recommend you don't look at the wiki, just play it blind and craft all the things for awhile to learn how stuff works. It makes it so much more satisfying when you do."
76561198175721211,Recommended,264710,23786273,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Hoodie Boi Supreem,I loved it 9/10. It ties with 7 days to die for best survival game.
76561198241067920,Recommended,264710,23392928,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,JemimaK,Great game!!!!! Open alien world!!!!
76561198025516960,Recommended,264710,23339580,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,bogthesack_GSH,almost 20 hours on this game and plan many more if u like survival/base build with beutiful enviroments this is a game for you. 20 hours in still have only explored a small part of the surface areas (when i say surface i mean 100 m under water) regular fixs and only a few major bugs to complain about this is an awsome game wich has huge content without being finished. base building is simple while also being very customisable (could use some paint :P ) and mat colection is the right amount of grindy for each bit respectivly. eg the large veichles require a fair haul of grinding where as simple base construction is not hard at all. good job guys and keep up the good work 8.5/10
,Recommended,264710,23095050,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Dio,I really love this game but i fixed the gravity postion stabilizer in my lifepod and it just keeps drifting. This was not an issue before the 2016may update and now i have no idea where my base is. :(
76561198138681555,Recommended,264710,23317631,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,NetherNarwhal,This game is exellent has many hours fo playtime and exelent boimes. it is much better than many none EA games and less than half finished.10/10
76561197989844511,Recommended,264710,23221862,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Morphinof,"This game is an unique experience, it was a l9ng time since a game made me so enjoyed to explore it, totaly worth the money, i can't wait to test it in VR"
76561198033202450,Recommended,264710,24103722,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,outcast131,"""Отпусти меня, чудо-игра!"" - взмолился я в 1:13 ночи первого дня игры в Сабнотику.Наврядли в человеческом лексиконе есть слова, которыми можно было бы описать мои впечатления от этой игры. Испытывал, наверное, те же ощущения, что испытывает новичок-дайвер, погружающийся в пронизительно голубовато-зеленоватую воду какой-нибудь Адриатики. Море красок! Юркие, веселые рыбки, завораживающие наросты кораллов мягких, бодрящих цветов, удивительные звуки, подавляемые толщей воды, чьи-то мрачные плавники, яростно рассекающие заросли десятиметровых водорослей.Первый трай закончился не очень круто, через 5 или 7 минут: всем известно, что морскую воду пить практически невозможно, и поэтому я, как глупый щеночек, скоропостижно приказал жить от жажды. Не хардкор, но - святой иисус! - как же я люблю игры с практически отсутствующими подсказками (вики не в счет, для меня это полу-читерство). Оказывается-то надо было быть расторопней, быстро учиться отличать депозиты соли от кварца, а так же догадаться не только о том, где достать материалы для ножа, но и как добыть с его помощью образцы коралла, чтобы соединить все это в хлорную известь и затем использовать ее для обеззараживания воды. Ты действительно можешь сказать, что полностью... кхм... ""погружаешься"" в игру (no pun intended).Но уже через полчаса я снова искрометно, совсем как молодой, бороздил подводные просторы, внутренне вопя от восторга. Свобода, яркие краски, все такое живое, дикое и дышащее свежестью и морским бризом!Сегодня я снова отправлюсь в сказочное путешествие!"
76561198039543063,Recommended,264710,23890485,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[JK]Koenig,"Amazing atmosphere, at first i was a little bit concerned about the quality of the game since it's an early access game, but i definetly don't regret this investion. Well made game, playable on all patches since i got it and the developer reacts to criticism --> the game is evolving at a fast rate. Still exited to play it, even if these type of games can vary p much in the time i play them. People who likes to play Space Engineers or other building games should have much fun with it!"
76561198203569616,Recommended,264710,24062761,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,derpydiablo,Great game just wish there was a better weapon better than the knife (something like a harpoon) Great graphics physics and is a great open world game. I strongly recomend it!
,Recommended,264710,24068245,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hypothetical STD,"People say you should face your fears.I am phobic of the deep.The formless, lightless abyss, and the strange sounds you hear underwater, make me want to climb to the tallest mountain, just so i don't have to be near it.I got this game to face my fears.Now i'm never going to touch water again.People give bad advice."
76561198036824929,Recommended,264710,24075716,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Giant|2obot,"I added a window to my base, it depleted the hull integrity below zero, I flooded my base and almost drown. What a great game."
,Recommended,264710,21590896,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Moist Yute,"FInd the Reaper, and you will cry for days."
,Recommended,264710,21678748,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,clad,this game makes me wet
,Recommended,264710,22934701,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Mr.Oyamada,I always wanted to be stranded on a planet mostly covered in water.
76561198219034115,Recommended,264710,25311233,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Assassin_King,I really love this game it is so much fun but i am really hoping for some more info on the MANTIS Submarine and maybe even DRACONIS and the other no name Submarine :D thank you for putting alot of work into the game and maybe at some point could you add multiplayer possibly but i know not anytime soon :D-Thank YouEDIT: Instead of multiplayer maybe add robots that can explore in a submarine with you like a following mode like in ARK with your dinos or people from the aroura stranded on islands also make the map bigger please or maybe atleast a world border :D-Thanks Again
,Recommended,264710,25315522,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,RizBoy-CFS,Waaaaaay better than No Mans Sky and Subnautica is in early access and No mans Sky isn't.Step ur game up Hello Games.Other than that here's a list of what I think of most of the sea creaturesSand Shark- Retard piranha centipede thing with a dorsal finStalker- the fish in love with metalCrabsquid- A sack...Crabsnake- A fanged worm without the crab and the snakeReaper Leviathan- Kill yourselfBoneshark- Makes me♥♥♥♥♥♥out my spineSpadefish- A seamoths worst enemyBiter- There just distracting you from a surprise Sand Shark attackBladderfish/airsack- Devs just decide on a name I can't make♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes about.The game 10/10
,Recommended,264710,25279453,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Sloosh,seafood
,Recommended,264710,25239658,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,MottSpott,"Easily my favorite survival game out there. Basically The Martian but set on an alien water world. Has an excellent start to set the tone, progression feels really good at this point (the best stuff is deeper... always deeper...), and the tech you get to make is super fun and satisfying. Does a good job keeping your main goal of escape center stage, and the bits of the story that exist right now make me hungry to learn more.This is also probably the best experience I've had with early access. Bug reporting is built right into the game."
76561198173052253,Recommended,264710,23151148,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,CaptainMcYoshie,i love subnautica anyone shood get it my frend loves it and he hates everything
,Recommended,264710,25108818,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,:3,good but you get sick of it
,Recommended,264710,25102290,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,magic man,"Great exploration, interesting creatures, and spooky as hell during the night.  Really engaging for a game still undergoing development and offers a great sense of progression for an open world game.  Would recomend."
,Recommended,264710,25182833,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,KRYSAXXL cs.money,"Very nice game with perfect underwater world,but the screams of monsters....... so creepy. 9/10"
76561198043340817,Recommended,264710,21042576,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Bashinman,"very good game you should really pick it up, and it has enough replayabilty as well as its being updated every few weeks"
76561198067650644,Recommended,264710,15440678,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Mr.Match FBI,Love this game!!! 9/10 Needs multiplayer.
76561198259795275,Recommended,264710,30858341,Posted: 31 March,all,BuzRok BuzKill,"One of the best Early Access games I have ever had the pleasure to play. As a big survival game fine, this is my favorite one of all, and its not even finished yet. Of course it needs some work, its Early Access so go in knowing you will have to start anew or deal with some bugs. There is plenty to do and explore, all while trying to survive in different biomes that come with different dangers. Not to mention all while building a safe haven for you to stay. I would love to see more wild-life and plant-life to research with in-depth descriptions but the list is quite long even now.And if you think.......""What could be scary about a underwater survival game.""I'm with you. I didn't think that with the way the graphics are that I would even think about it being creepy.(I'm not knocking graphics, just saying the style led me to believe it would not be scary.)  I was very wrong. If you like survival games, this one is a must. You do not know the struggle and terrifying experience of having everything you own surrounded by darkness trapped in a cave system with some big ocean creatures roaring in a hidden location, not sure which way is up or down.........yeah.Great game dev's. Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,264710,25133752,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,TH3_OVERLORD,An Overall Amazing Experience That Just Gets Better And Better
76561198094125860,Recommended,264710,25241307,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SnyDeath,"7.8/10, to much water."
76561197989758447,Recommended,264710,25046002,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Barcheil,"A survival game, with interesting environment to explore and stuff to do. Little bit annoying at the start but you soon settle in, one you have some essential tools and enough food and water and can really start in on the game.A good far less violent game with plenty to keep plenty of people occupied and has undergone some really good updates since I have purchased, really genuine ones.Latest update has completely screwed the game making it mind boggling boring and absolutely not reccomended, unless you want to swim around for an hour to pick up one mineral resources and repeat. The problem with the game is the random resource generator can screw your game right up. So if resources are really bad, it requires starting a whole new game and trying again, and again, until your world is set up in a reasonable fashion.Until the initial game setup is more reliable, random number generators, should not be used for some elements (like overal distrubution of resources in an area), still a questionable purchase but if you are having a hard time of it, due to absense of resources better to kill that save and start again from scratch."
76561198153440172,Recommended,264710,25243328,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,i dont know a name,i love this game and i would recomend this oltho there are some bugs here and there its still fun!
76561198312415176,Recommended,264710,25244931,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,theangryseahorse,I have an irrational fear of deep ocean where you can't really see anything around you.This game will probably help me get over this fear.Also really fun.
76561198025860676,Recommended,264710,25245247,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Lord Xeras,"Well I'll level with you, I'm absolutely terrified of the ocean and its huge blue depths. Even thinking about how deep and massive it is makes my hands start shaking, and I'm pretty sure my feelings on the ocean count as a full on phobia. So really, I have no idea what possessed me to buy a game based entirely around exploring the ocean, which I am deathly afraid of.That being said, this is a pretty damn good game in between the heart palpatations I get whenever I make the mistake of glancing down into a trench and seeing some massive hundred foot long leviathan lurking down in the crushing deep.Glad it's in early access, because it has some serious potential in between the occasional bugs and the game's sort of limited feeling (there's a limited number of things to do so far). Can't wait to see what the devs have in store for us. I heartily recommend. Unless you're scared of the ocean. Then I wouldn't."
76561198112267750,Recommended,264710,25246747,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Void_Ekard1337,"it is a wide world exploration game that has some story so far,its pretty good so far"
76561198309093494,Recommended,264710,25247881,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Welchy85,"Great game, good survival backbone to it but doesn't take away from the gameplay once you master a few basic crafting items.Devs seem to be working hard on getting the full game out- i'm 13 hours in and haven't really scratched the surface..... biggest bit of advice is build a scanner and get scanning any fragments or wreckage you can!"
,Recommended,264710,17515816,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Kiwikiwi's Baby Betzy,how do you get multiplayer to work
76561198119665766,Recommended,264710,21928401,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,XxK1ll3rK4r1xX,"The game is great, and I have only comes across one bug and it is when i am in a Seamoth and I completely fall through the world and die and lose most of my items. Please fix this bug!"
76561198173418421,Recommended,264710,24683384,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,PuTh4,I think this game is fun. It starts out a little slow but gets better as you play on.  If you already dont't have it get it.
,Recommended,264710,24610471,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,[redλ](ςяуѕтαℓ)Woona(bday 6days),10/10 love this game even though i experience some lag i still love this game
76561198038595289,Recommended,264710,24619158,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Peoker,Best exploration game imo
76561197984915920,Recommended,264710,24587059,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Animus Yosho,"Possibly the best survival game I have played, and still in early access! Looking forward to the finished product."
76561198164033250,Recommended,264710,24597127,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Voultex,The game is only for the better !
76561198213763281,Recommended,264710,24470071,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,FabTBC,"This game is one of the best underwater survivalgames I've played in a long time. What sets this game apart from other underwater survivalgames is that Subnautica is based on an alien planet and in the future, where you aren't familiar with the biomes and the developers have the freedom to add anything even if it doesn't exist. I recommend this game to people who love a good survivalgame with beautiful graphics and stunning creatures."
,Recommended,264710,24607516,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Sissasquatch,"One of my favourite games, absoloutley breathtaking and terrifying at the same time; can not reccomend this game enough. The content is limited but is definitley worth the buy."
,Recommended,264710,24622356,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Kjemtrup,Good game so far.
76561198030869901,Recommended,264710,24550145,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Jovian,"""Early Access"" but still one of the most immersive games I have played in a long time.Nothing like exploring and enjoying the sights, then a ROAR and a very large aggressive creature chasing you to get the heart pumping!9/10"
76561198290906998,Recommended,264710,24509171,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,coll18,this game is so cool when I started it I was prety bad at frist but then I got good near the iland
76561198085342695,Recommended,264710,24506109,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,leo the eyeless,epic game
76561198293918110,Recommended,264710,24492365,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,MicroDragon,"Subnautica is a game about you survive on an alien planet on your own. During this game you have to eat fish, drink water, craft items, and lots more. You can make your own base with lots of equipment. This game is very exciting and will sometimes give you chills because of sea monsters."
76561198139512643,Recommended,264710,20313867,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[RCF]MikeTheElectricFencePence,"I got this game on the last day of the winter sale, and I'm already ready to write my review after 3 hours of trying to figure things out.This game is a true masterpiece, the graphics are beautiful (even on lowest settings.) The gameplay is incredible smooth, and overall just pleasing. Games like these are why I even bother opening up steam, so what if it's in early access, it's amazing. This game should already be in your cart, absoulety stunning and utterly beautiful. (This is comming from a guy wo has a fear of drowning, and usually plays first person shooters.) Please, get this game. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,264710,22888415,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,SillyandStrange,"Love it, major potential and already a TON of content within the game.  Pick it up and give those developers even more motivation to finish this and (hopefully) at some multiplayer near the end of development!"
,Recommended,264710,22554791,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,a!m,This game is awesome i give it a 9/10:First of All Graphics even if its Low ITS STILL AMAZING !Gameplay there is lots of freakin scary♥♥♥♥♥monstersgather resoeurces start a base grow slowly EXPLORE this is the best game i recommend !
76561198132660287,Recommended,264710,17360157,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Cheese Grater,love this game more then Jimmy
,Recommended,264710,17416822,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Takeya Saito,very good but it currently lacks multiplayer to really make it worth it
76561198024920171,Recommended,264710,28693702,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Brakkish,"Tremendous, unique survival game. One of the best experiences I've had with an ""early access"" title.While this game features many survival genre tropes, the alien underwater setting makes it all feel very fresh. The environments are beautiful, and it's got some fun surprises.The biggest downside right now is occasionally choppy framerates. Other than that, it seems very polished.Highly recommended."
76561198116492961,Recommended,264710,15684999,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Tarfun,"For those who want a good sea game, but expect more graphics then Far sky, or more gameplay elements than stranded deep. It certainly does contain decent graphics, and when you first pilot that cyclops you will be VERY impressed with the game and her potential, despite potentially frustrating some with the rather short food and water metersHowever, unlike the two games aforementioned, Subnautica contains several key features that mean you should pick the survival game over any other (or with them, as I do :P).1) The world is pre-generated. So whilst it is the same every time, any limitations that would be had on poor randomly generated world coding (dead linger anyone? Bless them) the underwater sea world appears as full of life as the real ocean would, in more habitable regions that is.2) The marine life is both diverse, yet still believable. I can't be the only one who loves Planet explorers, but finds the large array of creature life to be a tad unrealistic. Far sky stuck to real life creatures which, whilst 'boring' looked beautiful and brought life to the game. In Subnautica the same is true somewhat, with the many animals looking either tasting or vicious.3) The floating sub, or above water ‘hub’ if you like, is surprisingly fresh, i.e. original, and there was just something about having this floating base that made the whole adventure seem a lot more manageable... even with the exploding red bomb fish (spoiler? :P)4) Graphics; now I am not a graphic ♥♥♥♥♥ like some people, yet I will certainly appreciate decent graphics, especially so if they run on my laptop which, whilst not too bad, can certainly chug sometimes on certain games. But luckily for myself that is not the case with Subnautica, I can appreciate the underwater world presented to me whilst not gagging inwardly towards the graphical presentation of this marine world.5) CYCLOPS SUBMARINE! I can’t stress just how damn satisfying it is when one first makes this beast of a machine, the  wide viewport, the docking bay, the ability to have your name of choice emblazoned on the side of the ship, hell there is not a thing wrong with this beauty of a vehicle.For those who lost interest around the second sentence here is a brief summaryDamn good game, buy said 'damn-good' game... Enjoy said game.A solid 8/9 out of 10. Buy it, as well as Far Sky, both are decent games."
,Recommended,264710,17486139,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,danaketh,"While there's not that much to do right now (and I've heard a lot that the game get boring when you build the big sub), it's just the kind of ""explore, build and survive"" game I was looking for to go to from Minecraft. Yup, it's not even close to what you can do in MC but it's still fun and my son loves to watch the underwater life as we slowly expand our base in all directions.It'd be nice if we got more modules, biomes and ships to build (an possibly some day a small land expansion). I'd love to catch some big nasty fish and put them into a giant aquarium and make that a trap for intruders (in case we'll get multiplayer) :DAnyway, if you're looking for a game where you can feel like on an adventurous vacation, Subnautica is just that... Also, since there's between 34°C to 40°C here for last few weeks, it's nice to spend most of the time in the water."
,Recommended,264710,17609167,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Downs Dover,"Well done game, Good graphics, Huge play space. Of course it's still sorta of buggy but they are still working things out and im pretty happy with my purchuse. This one Has it's points of frustrations, Like all crafting platforms. Barely knowing exactly what to do unless you wiki, or look it up on youtube =/     Buuuut what sets this game apart from others, Is having to go to the bathroom every few minutes becuase of all the water. I cant even begin to explain the potential this game has. but i still cant get over how many times i've ran through the house, and i mean bolted through the living room. Must have game to put into your library."
76561198144317579,Recommended,264710,15288140,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,TheRossomeGamer | titan.tf,I have had subnautica only for 2 days now and i used t be terrified of the ocean but this game makes me fell calm and with the new radiation suit your hands disapere
76561198057491452,Recommended,264710,16165390,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Boommanchu,Its fun!
76561198188994582,Recommended,264710,17630764,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Shadow_Assassin,so i have an idea for next update since i can rarely kill things or be safe how about we get a harpoon guun or even a regular small pistol for underwater it can go like this crash pwder and titanium can make bullets the gun can be made with titaniuma and will every so often jam from depth or water clogging now for the harpoon it is creepvine and well titanium is used to crafat harpoon and is retrievable. harpoon gun is creepvine and titanuim and for sharper bulletts it is diamond at work bench and for hot ones it is battery with it at workbench i feel this could add to the hunting aspect when more creatures are added i also id like to reccomend modding of seamoth like putting two arm like things on front one for grabbing and breaking limestone the other for whatever you put their like a repulsion cannon or even a harpoon gun and pistol along with the stasis rifle and terraformer that way you dont have to constantly get out and it will use more battery when second hand is in use if electrical object that consumes battery this is just my personal opinion im not sure if its even possible but it would be nice to have the seamoth as a more adventurery type vehicle and i would like new mosnters for it to combat
76561198119472779,Recommended,264710,15571996,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Theflyingtank,A very original surviving game in my opinion.
,Recommended,264710,17630230,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,The Wayfarer,"The game has a very polished, completed feel in the graphics and controls, separating it from many other alpha games. It is currently a bit low on content, but when more comes out the game would be excellent."
,Recommended,264710,17620136,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Cameron Blaikie,best game in the fricking world thanks for making this game
,Recommended,264710,17637845,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,The Cookie Monster,BEST GAME IN MY STEAM LIBERY!I stoped playing subnautica for 3 months came back AND THERE ARE MOONPOOLS ROOMs ALL TYPES OF NEW SH*Talso plz make this subhttp://pc3.rsfb.static.pcgamer.com/images/9iabxCZ0Igto.1200x630.o8XrCAEP.jpg
76561198157150012,Recommended,264710,17637911,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,xXDanthepandamanXx,Hours of underwater fun.  A must-play!
,Recommended,264710,22348854,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Sir Bearington The Third,This game consumes me.
,Recommended,264710,20241166,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,WOOP17,"I want to start out by saying that Iadorethis game. There are very few games that have managed to captivate me as much as Subnautica has. I've never found myself following the development and news of a game so closely than I have with this one.ProsAbsolutely stunning graphicsIncredibly immersive in visuals, ambience, and gameplayFascinating to explore: I still find myself shocked and captivated with some of the things I findPlenty of unique biomesProgression through seabase building and blueprint discoveryFrequent updates from devsLovely soundtrackNeat creatures to discover (and flee from)ConsBeing an early access game, there are bugs. These range from graphical problems (clipping, animation issues) to full on glitches (stuck piloting a sub, for example). However, I have enountered nothing game-breaking yet and any bugs were minor annoyances.I feel like the lower visual range in the Cyclops and Seamoth subs is too limited for looking below at the seabed (especiallyin the Cyclops)I haven't been able to find traditional release notes for the game, which is mildly annoying (devs use something called Trello instead)Overall, this is a fantastic game that is very solid for still being in early development. There are frequent updates and tons of content to keep players occupied. The visuals, sounds, and gameplay all add together to create a very immersive experience that is a joy to play."
76561197966044989,Recommended,264710,21045448,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Taalon,"This is the best early access game I have ever played, and once released will be one of my favorite all time games.  The sound and visual designs are so in sync that they raise real emotion as you play.  I can't wait for the full release.UPDATE: 11-26-16The development has been progressing quickly and smoothly with this title and I still can't wait for the full release!"
,Recommended,264710,22987960,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Le Fox | SFM Posters 10ref,"This game is incredible.The graphics are purely EX-TRO-DIN-A-RY, with different settings to prevent lag.Some of the game's models are well thought out, and purely terrifying.I rate 8/8This is no indie game where you buy it for $9001 and get 2 seconds of gameplay.This is a game with expansive updates released every month.BUY IT."
,Recommended,264710,21910868,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Bitcove,A  truly amazing underwarter survival game. Can not wait to see what the game looks like when its fully released.
,Recommended,264710,30932697,Posted: 3 April,all,LightofPhoenix,"Love this Game soo much. Story line is un-comparable, and great scenery. Jut add multi-player and game is prefect!"
,Recommended,264710,30992412,Posted: 7 April,all,Colours,Amazing game
76561198033928507,Recommended,264710,24585692,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,hagin315,"Very fun game!  Great visuals.  Despite being early access and the story not being fleshed out, there's plenty to do and build.  I've sunk quite a few hours in exploring.  Love it and can't wait to see more!!"
,Recommended,264710,21868268,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,5Andysalive,"Tl;dr: Amazing game. Looks great. Runs well. Story really takes shape now.1. little problem Ui bit of a mess. 4 different keys to close a window, only some close with esc, otherwise it opens the game menu OVER opened windows. Thats annyoing (i'm pressing esc all the time)2.problem: there are now SO many hostiles spawning that it seriously spoils the exploring. No option for this.+Since this little indie early access game turned into one of my favourite games of this year, i update the review a bit. I love exploring in games, IF they reward it. That rules out procedurally generated worlds.And Subnauticas world is not huge, but its great fun to explroe, as it is made by hand and with love.So a wonderful little(?) game this. And despite early access it already works very well as a game. No major bug or performance issues. Some popups here and there at high speeds. Put it on an SSD if you possibly can.It's sure worth it's curent price and more. In fact it's way too cheap for how good it is. Where certain other games this year were slightly overhyped, Subnautica really deserves more atttention.Full native 21:9 support, And it looks georgious. Under water. Above water there is still room for improvement. Lod on islands is too low. Although the Islands got a lot of love and look a lot better now.The concept seems similar to Ark, but the focus is a lot more on exploring and it's growing story, then on grinding your way to glory. Ever more bits of a story, traces of previous explorers, abandoned bases, all hand build, motivate so much more to explore then, all the procedurally generated borefests out there.And more to see on the horizon, if you run it in experimantal beta mode, which is even more frequently updated. Of course its more prone to bugs then the stable release.-My biggest problem is that the game is now almost spamming hostiles. With no worklng stealth mechanic or real weapons, that's sometimes seriously annoying and spoils the exploring fun. An option for his would be really appreciated.Also some things, like certain blueprints, are only in certain small areas. Finding them without googling locations can also be very frustrating. And i HATE googling things for explory games.I'm talking a lot about exploring. The survival aspect can be pushed, if youre interested. It wont get to ""Long Dark"" Levels, but there is hardcore mode and stuff. Should fit almost everyones need for challenge."
76561198054873836,Recommended,264710,32002236,Posted: 27 May,all,Viral_Muffins,"I played this game for 40+ hours when it first came out. Its a great game. The problem is each update requires you to start over, so I have stayed away for a while. It is a very beautiful game and collecting and building all the blueprints and categorizing flora and fauna is very enjoyable.The major issue I have with the game is the game play gets bogged down under its own weight. Objects don't appear until they are immediately in front of you. Swimming around underwater gets laggy. Many other reviews will describe this better. Once this is fixed this game will be amazing.I still recommend it, but perhaps wait for future updates."
,Recommended,264710,31996719,Posted: 27 May,all,Callofdutyplayer99,i love it only issue is that i have to use my dads computer to play because i cant play it. so could there be any way to add in a lower graphics seting
76561198145934421,Recommended,264710,21976180,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Captain G.,"Spawn, use console commands to blow up ship 100 times over game crashes11/10 would crash game again :D"
,Recommended,264710,32655666,Posted: 22 June,all,Ryaegos,"I simply cannot praise this game enough. This game is a stunning mix of survival and horror, and with the great job that the devs have been making with this game, ESPECIALLY with the most recent updates, I simply cannot stay silent about how much I love this game and how much I love the developers of this beautiful game. Please keep up this great work, UnknownWorlds, this game is spectacular."
,Recommended,264710,33167607,Posted: 2 July,all,Invictus,"What a fantastic game. I know it was intended as a fun survival game, but my god. Its a horror game as well. Swimming around, whether in your sub or with your own two feet, its terrifying. Knowing that something could jump you at any moment! I absolutely love this game and cant wait for the full release! Only point of contention is the lack of coop/multiplayer. The only thing, in my opinoin, that can make a survival game better, is being able to play it with your friends!"
76561198065995939,Recommended,264710,27922992,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Soccerelf,"Great game, Needs to be optimized, needs multiplayer"
,Recommended,264710,31307018,Posted: 22 April,all,Teo,"Amazing game , it combines exploration , crafting and survival in such a way i'v never experienced before , i'm hooked  , keep the updates coming lads! ( only negative thing is it's optimization , i'm running a 2600k with a gtx 1070 and 16gigs of ram and sometimes i see dips to bellow 10 fps )"
,Recommended,264710,29663280,Posted: 2 February,all,PurplePotatoe,"I love this game. It is NOT complete, but it is still a near perfect game. I can run it on high settings and I have a $500 rig. However, as most people are saying, there are lag spikes and many other loading issues. Especially the mushroom forrest. Now, you should still buy this game as it is still in open development, and still has ample potential. Not only that, but if we provide feedback to the devs through the in game feedback system, then we could see this game to near perfection. I love this game, its addicting, and I would highly reccomend this game to anyone lacking in a fear for the ocean and looking to gain one."
,Recommended,264710,33043477,Posted: 30 June,all,Ané'Qii💙™💙Steven💙,"Really good game, scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me at times.Boyfriend laughs at me...8/10"
,Recommended,264710,33194023,Posted: 3 July,all,Moon_Breaker,"Wanted to buy this game when it came out in 2014, but heard it was full of bugs ,so I forgot about it quickly.I just saw the almost done version a few days ago and saw that it was 10Euros on Steam so finally bought it.I really don't know how was it before but must say that it has amazing graphics, atmosphere, sounds and music.One big ""problem"" is that it's too addictive, but other than that it is a fantastic and entertaining game.(beware when You play alone in a dark room with headphones, the sounds of the seacreatures might be more terrifying than a thriller\horror movie.  :) )"
,Recommended,264710,32976734,Posted: 28 June,all,Ziperx,"This game is still in early access. As much as I got disapointed in the past, this one didn't. I started playing it a little back in 2016, and every update (approximately every 2-3 months), I start a new game and let's go for an adventure. As you swim deeper into this new world, you discover a lore and much more areas.As much as the sea level of this place seem friendly, this is just an illusion, this world is far from friendly. As you gather up the ressources to survive, you encounter dangerous foes as well as learning what happened to your crew and to whom this planet belongs."
,Recommended,264710,33192000,Posted: 3 July,all,VengeanceVenger,"I love the game.There is tons to do and so to explore. It is great if you do have a decent computer other wise it may be extremly lagy or even crash. ( This happens to me A LOT! ) It is also not multiplayer. I wish it was but it looks like that won't be happening until after the realease. Other wise, Subnautica has great grafics and a great story line. Another plus is it is VR compatible. ( I would recomend trying the VR! ) Anyways, I would totaly recomend it and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,264710,33226803,Posted: 4 July,all,Rabbids,One of the best games out there! And they really update this game most of time!
,Recommended,264710,33221976,Posted: 4 July,all,DetectiveMonkey,Very Spooky
76561198008724268,Recommended,264710,33223145,Posted: 4 July,all,ultralisk,"Probably the best game I've ever played. Lots of stuff to craft and discover. Amazingly terrifying when searching in the dark, looking into that endless depth below you, but surprisingly astonishing when finding things you never thought might be there! True extraterrestrial experience, best of sci-fi, best of survival/crafting. Recommend to everyone!"
,Recommended,264710,33191222,Posted: 3 July,all,Mariana,"Subnautica is the greatest underwater game on the market. It enables you to build underwater, go through abandoned bases, witness some beautiful sights and many more things. This game is one of the best games I have ever played and I would reccommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,264710,33204730,Posted: 3 July,all,aidendarth,The only complaint I have is how there isn't anything that shows you how to play or what to do
,Recommended,264710,32693270,Posted: 23 June,all,Scythan,"You know that feeling you get when you're young and see the ocean for the first time? It's beautiful. Vast. It seems like another world... This game would be that, excapt it actually is another world. With flora and fauna of a sort never seen on Earth. A deep exploration experience that rewards taking chances and leaves it up to the player to punish or reward just how far they want to push the envelope.A mostly bug-free experience especially for Early Access with responsive and professional devs that clearly have a passion for an exploration game and know what power the ocean holds over us all.Beautifully rendered game that cannot be reccomended enough."
,Recommended,264710,15623204,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Buttlep,"Ez great game.Also to everyone who dislikes it for not enough stuff existing and crashing,ITSEARLYACCSESS"
76561198163569245,Recommended,264710,21863527,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,RNG | SOX,this game is so beautiful its perfect for those who likes scuba diving an are also very adventurous. But if this game had multiplayer it would be WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY cooler and better.
76561198345508911,Recommended,264710,33227593,Posted: 4 July,all,White Snow,"I think this game should support the multiplayer system. I really love this game and I really want to play this game with friends.PS: I'm Korean and if you want to play subnautica with me, please send me friend request."
76561198341571117,Recommended,264710,33030664,Posted: 30 June,all,Jare,nah good enough
76561198346554984,Recommended,264710,33028802,Posted: 30 June,all,Magushii,A great game for anyone who likes survival games mashed with high-tech!
76561198094081727,Recommended,264710,25400246,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,CrossDownStreet,10/10 Horror game for fear of fish
,Recommended,264710,25222520,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Chucklenutz,This is an amazing game and I recommend you get it its worth your money and is getting massive and fun updates (just don't make make the reaper levitation or the crabsquid mad they will.mess you up)
76561198230639708,Recommended,264710,25275005,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Trashy Trash Name,"10/10 game. I play this every chance i get.Great gameplay, sounds, and animals."
,Recommended,264710,24657099,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ManzPlayz,Warning: Game Is Scarrier Than It Looks.... But In An Awesome Way!I Love This Game! It has such a variety of new lifeforms and there are so many different enviroments to explore! Also the ambience for the environments is top notch! 10/10 would dive again!
,Recommended,264710,23872057,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Androxma,-Crash landed in ocean-Got all the titanium-Built stuff-Inhaled gas pods-Chased by explosive fish-Gets bitten-Hides in escape pod-Aurora explodes-Gets materials-Makes habitat builder and scanner-Builds a base in the coral reefs-Spends two hours on base-Base looks good-Hold game to get food-Didnt realize was underwater and about to drown-Run back into base with ten seconds left-Base is broken and filled with water-Drowns respawns at escape pod-Exits pod-Gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by three stalkers10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by stalkers again
76561198077724619,Recommended,264710,23875750,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Skullastika,Are you sure this is still in Beta?
76561198192357137,Recommended,264710,23777938,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Gatoradev2,should make a muilplayer mode
76561198126734499,Recommended,264710,23810998,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Nort,Making this multiplayer would make my life complete
76561198126150797,Recommended,264710,23819472,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Razorz McLazorz,Subnautica is Ausome Alone in the ocean but it would be Great with friends to see what you built and to be able to explore with you in the great depths.
,Recommended,264710,21375673,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,HELLOW,"Best game ever made, lots of bugs but most are funny i replay it every time there is an update its that good ill be sad when they stop updating it"
,Recommended,264710,21610601,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,66austin1,This game should be under horror games as well because when you get deep into the dark nothingness and open water you want to sit in a corner and cry because of all the evil things that are in the water and your imagination.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself at site of peeper flying into the air and scaring me again
76561198095487441,Recommended,264710,21593539,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,uraniumbravo,I love this game but haven't played it in a long time but now the sound doesn't work :(
76561198041104638,Recommended,264710,26509216,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MaloMaximus,"Subnautica is wonderful. I've spent an obscene amount of time just exploring the ocean, discovering new areas, finding secrets and building up my little base. This is exactly the kind of game I needed right now, and Subnautica has delivered beautifully. Are there hiccups now and again? Yeah, but that's to be expected at this stage, and so much of the game is impressively finished.I highly reccomend this game, and I'm going to go right back to scooting around the ocean now!"
,Recommended,264710,26483528,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Sleepy iBread,"Beautiful game, highly recommend for anyone who enjoys exploring, survival and basebuilding."
,Recommended,264710,26722149,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,W.D. Gaster,great game love it. can not get over how good it looks.
76561198000628640,Recommended,264710,26073489,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Ephix',"This game makes a lots of fun to exploring the sea, but sometimes this game scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me 10/10... Would buy it again! ^^"
,Recommended,264710,25746198,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,DarkShade the D.O. Double G.,Never imagined how much I would love this game. Solid early access title with already tons of content. Worth the price.
,Recommended,264710,26089686,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,StopBeingASwine,Its perfectly horrifying for someone like me who fears the deep ocean. Fantastic gameplay and survival aspects.
,Recommended,264710,22978076,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ILoveDumplings,"Forces you to develop your fear of drowning, crippling loneliness, and what lurks in the dark depths of the ocean.Ten outta ten."
76561198200364898,Recommended,264710,22664120,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,bestviagradealer,plz add more islands
76561198254686845,Recommended,264710,25703859,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Patches The Pirate,Most visually appealing game I own. Base designing is very fun!!!. Amazing for an early acces game
76561198012543981,Recommended,264710,25501889,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,adrienbernard,"Just fantastic!This game is a great survival / exploration game, set in a very original world. Beautiful submarine landscape, wonderful (and scary creature), perfect atmosphere... Great base building concept. Totally worth it's very reasonable price!"
76561198243525420,Recommended,264710,22707732,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Josef Stalin,"Good game you can actually progress in, unlike some survival games...I'm talking to you stranded deep"
,Recommended,264710,22747725,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,TurtleBoii [Rhy5],"awesome game , i love playing it"
,Recommended,264710,22748846,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Herwal,10/10 of a early access game b
85494572091048304,Recommended,264710,22459250,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,DemonGaming,"This is a great game, the most annoying thing is finding rock outcrops, though. but, i suppose it is supposed to be that way. anyways, this is a great game, i s*** myself every time there is a noise."
76561198191418829,Recommended,264710,22476557,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,rememberTerrythePteradon:( *sad*,i really like this game it's so fun
76561198308386362,Recommended,264710,25276551,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,InfernalDragon,i love this game so much the visauls are stunning and the things run into give you a heart attack but in a good way there are a few issuse like any game my seamoth dissapeard and my prwan to and a few loading glitches but that will be fixed soon i highly reccomend this game it has that sence of exploration i give this game 9/10
76561198054917156,Recommended,264710,25282762,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Willish,The game NMS wanted to be.
,Recommended,264710,23627698,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,SOS IM BREAD,>Starts game... Graphics are good but something's fishy... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)>Spawn in burning life pod.>Wildly jump around in the flames before putting it out.>Start swimming towards bigger crashed ship- *explosion imminent* GO BACK GO BACK.>Find the first and last piece of quartz I'll ever see in the game.>Try to make friends with a fish carrying metal scraps.>Ooh is this a gift?>Nope. Stalker tears me in half.>Respawns and swims to the surface.>*Nothing but open water*>Remembers fear of ocean.>Alt f4 --> Delete Steam>Gets a job working at Red Lobster>Still afraid of fish/everything>Throw shrimp cocktail in someones lap.>Cry in the bathroom and think about how dad was never there.>Get back on Subnautica. He would be proud.>No longer scared of fish. *dad pls respond*>Sea Dragon eats me immediately.>Mom hears me crying.>She leaves to go to the store and never comes back.>Try to eat my feelings but taste only shame and smell only feces.BEST. GAME. EVER. - 10/10 Would commit seppuku and restore honor to family
76561198063535854,Recommended,264710,23504547,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,cave812,Its pretty cool
76561198134450655,Recommended,264710,28691467,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,AtomicHat067130,Awsome game play it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,264710,28695280,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Haltus Kain,"Whale, it's still in developement, but it went on sail for 50% off, so it's not going to krill your bank account. The story isn't very pacific - not even a firendly NPC to wave to. If you're not shore if you should shell out the cash for it, the answer is YES! This game will sand you on a very unique, albeit short, journey. Hard to say at this point if the length is due more to the phase of delvelopment, or of certain things were left out on porpous for the sake of ambiguity.Even in an unfinished state, it's already whale worth the price; we'll only sea it get better from here!"
76561198001570904,Recommended,264710,28677391,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Noof ™,"Just a really fun game. The graphics are great.... the sounds are great.... it will actually make you scared at points :)There are times when I heard noises and had to nope the ♥♥♥♥ out of there. It is excellent at creating an immersive environment. I found myself holding my breath while playing it sometimes and forgetting to breath. It is that immersive.It has exploration, combat, and base/vehicle building.The sea was angry that day my friends."
,Recommended,264710,28633023,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,_alyu_my_boi,This game is still in development but is already better than a lot of fully complete games. I could play this game for hours all day if I had the chance. There's a great mystery and great adventure down under the great sea of this alien planet.
76561198007866915,Recommended,264710,28304136,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Dahaka,"I only have a few actual fears in my life, Sharks and Squids and giant underwater monsters. Mainly for the reason that they dramatically outclass me in their own environment, so it's a rational fear and I just don't go near the ocean at all.So you may be wondering why I would play a game where there are giant underwater monsters all around you...well, it helps with me dealing with my fears and it's fun as ♥♥♥♥.When it comes to survival simulation this game is pretty much the standard. It's unforgiving in its challenge and with regular updates and a responsive set of developers you can expect a lot from this game and not feel cheated by the price tag. There are annoying bugs, like with most all games in development, so that isn't a huge deal.The game, even on the lowest graphical settings still looks amazing and the environment detail makes each biome its own unique and terrifying look.Currently the game has a fairly broad amount of content and progression is challenging.One thing I've gained from this game is that if it looks harmless, it isn't, and if it looks harmful, it is and you're never truly safe.One thing I'd like to see in the games future is the ability to upgrade aspects of the gear that you craft. Like being able to improve battery life, or damage, or range, or health on more than just your vehicles."
,Recommended,264710,28313893,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,[TOX] Stinkypoopymanguy,"Best game i've ever played, it feels like im acctually in the game myself!"
,Recommended,264710,29095695,Posted: 7 January,all,killermichi,You should play it!
,Recommended,264710,29079219,Posted: 6 January,all,Akomoro,8/10 gorgeous game and although in it's early stages still worth a buy
,Recommended,264710,28964842,Posted: 2 January,all,ChunkyBeef,"Subnautica is a very atmospheric game. It's pretty easy to get sucked into the game when you're playing normally, and the hours will fly by. As far as things this game does right? There's always something to do, some sort of goal to achieve. If you're not sure what to do, exploring is easy, and the game staggers the tools you'll need to explore further than your lifeboat. At first you're a slow swimmer, with minimal time to hold your breath underwater. As you catch fish and explore what kinds of things to make, you'll inevitably make fins and oxygen tanks, allowing you to swim faster and stay under longer. As you continue playing, you'll inevitably make a device that speeds up your movement in water, and even submersibles that allow you to, with smart timing, stay underwater basically indefinitely.Another thing I love in games like these is exploring. There's a number of biomes, and each has fairly unique creatures, plants, and things to discover. Everything is perfectly spaced out sot hat you'll never discover something too advanced for you to easily gather the resources to make. It's also paced well: as said before, the further you get to go depends on what technology you discover and build to improve your distance and depth, and generally, you'll always find something as you venture out further from home to help you venture out even further.Of course, while exploration, ambiance and pacing are all things Subnautica does well, there are a few things it does fairly poorly.First, the story. I found it hard to give a damn about the story. It's clear that the developers want you to take the story seriously and really get a grip on the lore, but it really only tends to feel like it's just giving you a basic idea of where to go and explore.Second, the creatures. While a lot of them look super cool, many of them are difficult, if not impossible, to kill, and very few of them actually have any sort of impact on the things you can make. If you can't make it into food, it's almost always completely worthless, making them just neat additions to the game with no real/minimal impact.Third, and probably most important, this game is optimized like♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's extremely buggy, and there's a number of issues that the development team needs to tackle before this game can truly hit its peak. You won't notice these as you first start the game, because the game doesn't have to load much around you as you explore. As you branch out into the ocean more, you start to notice that the game chugs as it loads new areas. At first it's not a big deal, slight frame drops as you enter new biomes and the game loads things ahead of you for you to look at. As you start to get faster means of travel, such as the Seamoth, the game STRUGGLES to keep up. You'll get huge FPS drops, the game violently chugs, and there have been a few instances where the game has literally crashed on me because it can't keep up with the demand.It's worth mentioning that I have a PC that can run just about everything at the highest specs without breaking a sweat. A game like this is normally no trouble, so it's clearly an in-game thing. After some investigation, I've discovered that the problem likely lies within the Seamoth. I've seen lots of suggestions around the internet for fixing it - from destroying and rebuilding the Seamoth, to skipping it and utilizing the Cyclops instead - but none of them really work, and gathering the resources to make the Cyclops is damn near impossible without a Seamoth because a lot of the resources you need lie outside of your reach without a Seamoth to augment your ability to dive and travel outside your comfort zone.Similarly, because of these problems, the game's geography bugs out and you can see through it into the skybox.So, long story short, the game is nearly perfect as an oceanic survival game. Most of the gripes are merely nitpicks, but the thing that keeps the game from true glory is its bugginess. If these problems can be tackled in a timely manner, I'd be happy to recommend the game to more friends."
76561198086254051,Recommended,264710,18552924,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Zianawelch,"One of the best games I've played so far haha! The game shows you the true concept and art of what it means to live on a underwater planet. I hate the sea and can't swim and not being able to see under me is fricking scary!This game hits the idea of the unknown, not only is it mean't for researching and mean't to be a ""relaxing"" game this game is terrifying hahaha! SO many scary features."
,Recommended,264710,19273143,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,❤ Hút hạt của tôi ❤,This game made me moist...
,Recommended,264710,19328742,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Rent,"Definitely worth to try. Very pleasant emotions. Very special experience.Thank you, Jack Septic Eye. Thank you, Unknown Worlds Entertainment!"
76561198234962132,Recommended,264710,19120228,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Grassy456,"subnautica is a great game and has a very bright future a head yet still in early access so has lots of updates and lots of machines like the seamoth update was great so lots of machines are out like seamoth,moonpool for your seamoth,life pod,and the big sub is a great untill you see a really big reeper and scares the hell out of you other then that great game.Graphics 9/10 Fun 10/10 updates 10/10"
,Recommended,264710,19224078,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,3 in 1,Excellent game would defentily recommend it for people who love the ocean and deep sea exploration! :D
,Recommended,264710,19395120,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,PhoenixGames,"Watched this game grown since it's early release.100% Recommended.Why?1. One of the most Dev Teams in today's roster of indie games and early access games.2. Daily (or once in 2 days) updates on experimental build.3. Water Physics feels very real.4. VERY Immersive.5. Gameplay is well-implemented and is truly amazing knowing that it is in an underwater setting.6. Good replayability.7. Massive underwater world.8. Great Graphics.9. NOT Violent. It has a nice balance between peace and violence. (e.g. Stun guns, not firearms.) Which is a very nice rest from all those modern day shooters.and ofc, look at that price tag!?! Get it now coz it's worth more than the amount it asks!9/10 - Definitely one the best Survival Games of the decade."
76561198079467147,Recommended,264710,17466327,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Filth,excellent game. 9/10
,Recommended,264710,17466922,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,ACManatee123,"This is absolutely amazing. Graphics, gameplay, and sound are all stunning. I thought I would get bored of Subnautica in like 2 hours, but I found myself playing this for hours on end (just bought it so I only have 10 hours so far). Seriously, get this game... Unless you see a reaper leviathon without a ship. If you do, swim away, quit out of the game, delete all remains of this game and/or your computer, move to a new house, and change your name.but seriously, 420/over 9000 wood play"
76561198160219132,Recommended,264710,17467715,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Piece of Piss,this is a amazing game but make sure you have a good computer first i found that out the hard way and had to wait for my friend to give me his old computer before i could play it
76561197987347178,Recommended,264710,17483841,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Satan's Watching,What everybody else said !10/10 chance I'm playing this game right now..
76561198166325097,Recommended,264710,17491966,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,magicman777,this game is awesome it adds in a very unique touch to survival games with the future and a different planet it really captures the feeling of your free.and with cool updates filled with content there is always a reason to play
76561198113760140,Recommended,264710,17448560,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,alcatraZ cs.money,Yabla
,Recommended,264710,17436539,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,BoomKarang,"As someone with Thalassophobia, this is my Amnesia: The Dark Descent"
,Recommended,264710,17822237,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Billy_Beaver28,good audio good graphics good gamplay not so stable but pretty good. i absalutely love this game its butiful the audio is amazing its FAR FAR diffrent the most games ive played. once i put on my headphones i just hear this amazing audio once i start up the game its look absalutely magnifacinte its like a hole new experience its just amazing there areant any words to deskribe it. it also has amazing contant even thought im not big fan of survival games i still hang in creative mode. even thought there is ALOT of bugs this still a game in my top 10 list!
,Recommended,264710,17762134,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Radiatical,"Wow, I just don't know what to say... this game is the epitome of awesomeness. There is so much to do, so much of the world to explore, so much to build, this is the perfect underwater exploration game. Stranded deep ain't got jack on this game (Even though Stranded deep is good, too). There are so many creatures and wildlife as well, I don't want to spoil this game too much. Seriously what are you reading reviews down here for? Go buy the game already!"
,Recommended,264710,18296422,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Araytha,"Great early access game! Keep up the great work devs.Pros:-Graphics are amazing-Creatures have awesome animation-Game is supported well by the devs-Crafting is easy and simple-Big map, with lost of exploring to discoverWill be a great game when more content is released. More people should get involved with this game (Multiplayer would be needed) but no rush!"
76561198068153231,Recommended,264710,19430541,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,lordzowy,"I don't normally write reviews for games on Steam because there are few that catch my attention these days.Subnautica goes way beyond catching my attention. It has managed to capture me and hold me into a truly immersive world. Crafting games are not normally my thing. I'm not a Mindcraft player, and Space Engineers is just way out there for me. but Subnautica's other worldly environment seems to cut through the monotony of normal crafting and gives you a world where you are truly free to explore and enjoy.Providing an seemingly endless array of places to explore and creatures to investigate, Subnautica is really a special game that seems to continue to impress and inspire me to explore and collect. Even in this early stage it's a highly polished and thoroughly enjoyable play.I highly recommend this game for anyone that is interested in crafting games, but also anyone who is interested in survival, in a SiFi landscape, or underwater worlds and creatures. Even my non-gaming wife has come to enjoy our time spent in Subnautica."
76561198219323145,Recommended,264710,18297417,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Samuar(h)igh,"I wish I had 4 thumbs so I could give this game 4 thumbs up.Edit: 3 Updates later (44hrs)This game is the best crafting/survival out there, and its still in early dev....-Everything is smooth, transitions, gamplay and especially graphics. I havent glitched since the early days about a year ago. Not a single glitch or crash. Not once.-There are 4 difficulty levels to suit your style/intenisty. So this game can be your zen game or your adrenaline rush game.- Updates. Constant, updates with content that adds hours of game play. You can also watch their Trego board and see what they are working on. These people are commited.I'm really tough to please, old school. I can tell when someone makes something the right way and with style and class none the less. You wont be disapointed."
,Recommended,264710,18171225,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,[KLM Virtual - Owner] Hascast,Goods:Beautiful graphicsLovely sea worldGreat sea simulationBads:None
76561198129103699,Recommended,264710,18141050,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,GamEnder,"A lot of people would either disagree or agree with me on this.My personal opinion is that there is SO much stuff to do in this game, the people that say it is not, well . . . they didn't try hard enough.My story goes is that I got the game a few days ago after watching 53 videos on it and HAD to get it. It takes survival games to a whole new level, by that I mean instead of surviving on a map where you run from zombies, slenderman, creeper, etc. this you have only one choice, prosper. So I did what I had to do by getting food, water, and supplies and started to evolve. I finally got to the point where I made my cyclops and was overjoyed, until realizing . . . that's it? I wanted to derp around so I wanted to get a closer look at the aurora, and found I could climb on it and save the planet. After that, I was heading the wrong way and found a flouting island, with trees, sand, paths, even a perfect place for a dock. I made a new home there and quickly realized . . . there is even more.My point is with this game is that if you look hard enough, you will usually find something to feast your eyes on. The adventure is the main aspect of the game.I have played for about five days now, and still haven't found everything (mostly biomes).But this game isn't all good, it's downsides are that it is a laggy game and really could use some multiplayer somehow.But do keep in mind this is a early access game is is being updated frequently, for how long it has been out . . . I think it is a fantastic game."
76561198301655330,Recommended,264710,28824693,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,InsaneGamer,"this game is really well made before i even brought it i loved watching youtubers play it.the only thing i want is weapons and the game to be even more ""brighter"" in the future"
76561198003691021,Recommended,264710,28826166,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Metrox Rock Dog,it's good game and scary that I would recommend
76561198041616566,Recommended,264710,28850688,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TDLM,"This game has a bright future, and so far it is amazing. That being said however, it is early access. But don't let that stop you from buying this wonderful game.PROS:-Unique concept where you have to mainly survive underwater-a VERY interesting story.-Unique mechanics (besides the aforementioned underwater survival)-For an early access game, it has an incredible amount of content, there's love from the dev team, and it shows.-I have not run into a gamebreaking bug.CONS:-There are bugs, as would be expected from an early access game, such as enemies flipping out every now and then, which I find quite hilarious.-While having an interesting story, it is incomplete at the time of writing this.-There are.. things... not implemented yet which will be in the future.It's a pretty solid game imo even in early access, this is a pick up must, even for those who don't normally play early access.Other games you might enjoy if you end up liking this one:-Minecraft-The Forest-Terraria"
,Recommended,264710,28668694,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ep1c | hellcase.com,"Good, atmospheric game but I get frequent frame dropsGTX 1070 8GI5 650016GB RAM"
,Recommended,264710,29775776,Posted: 7 February,all,Сука Блядь,>Has fear of open water>plays on friend's account>squeals like a girl at every sound>friend buys it for me so we can both play at the same time>gets prawn exosuit>uses grappling hook on biggest meanest ♥♥♥♥♥ out there>punches twice>monster is now my ♥♥♥♥♥>does the same to a sand shark>gets stuck under terrain>doesn't report bug cause they might nerf grappling hook>decides eh ♥♥♥♥ it>falls into lost river>is in a state of awe>is lost>is dying10/10 would break again.
,Recommended,264710,29317012,Posted: 17 January,all,Alpha Llama,"This game desperately needs multiplayer. I only say that because this game is so good it seems a shame to have to play it alone. But apart from that the game is fantastic. The atmosphere and art style of the graphics and general overall feeling you are actually diving when you play is what makes this game a great purchase. The devs constantly update the game and the storyline seems to be fleshing out really nicely too. I hope the devs reconsider their stance on guns / weapons in game too. Im a great believer that computer games and real life are two very different worlds. But dont let the small things id like the game to have put you off buying it. Regardless of the few things that i think this game lacks its still easily worth the purchase price , buy it. It really is a great experience."
76561198133278851,Recommended,264710,28472132,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,PSI Lion,"Solid game. Good graphic style, fairly challenging, lots to explore."
,Recommended,264710,28476882,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Wayril,"When I hear ""Survival Crafting Game"" I immediately groan and go the other direction, but Subnautica is one of my exceptions. It’s world is so interesting and well presented, all I want to do is explore it! Except I can’t, because you only start with 45 seconds of oxygen, so I build a bigger oxygen tank to stay down longer. Then I find a deep cave and need to upgrade my vehicle to withstand higher pressure. All the upgrades help you do more of what’s most fun: Exploring!This game is early access but still has a lot of content. And they’re working towards a definite story and conclusion. Totally worth buying this game!"
,Recommended,264710,29865576,Posted: 11 February,all,noiz_maker,"I have long been in search of a phenomenal single player gaming experience, since modern games generally seem to focus on online multiplayer. As someone who never really played survival games, I was skeptcal of buying this game, but I am SO very happy I did!The pucker factor of this game is akin to that of Silent Hill 1. It is not meant to be a horror game but Subnautica has given me some of the most honest scares a game ever has. I am one of those people that can eat during horror movies, so you get the picture here... This game isn't for the faint of heart!The game is packed with things to do and it isn't even finished yet. There is a complex and fun crafting system, a tonne of cool little things you can build to make it feel like a home away from home.The developers are hands down some of the best in the industry. They care and listen to their player base and you really couldn't ask for much more in that regard.Mark my words, Subnautica is going to be a smash hit the world over. It is simply too well made and addictive... Plus, it brings together elements from many different genres into a synergy that I haven't witnessed in years.Thank you to Unknown Worlds for this must-play game and thank you for making it playable on so many platforms."
,Recommended,264710,29874373,Posted: 12 February,all,c0rpx,"A very enjoyable Early-Access experience. All the regions are basically accessible from the beginning, but how you approach is up to you. You'll need to get the right equipment first, or set up a base or just enoy the scenery. The story is quite interestingly told through salvaged PDAs and log entries. The occasional humorous remarks about your swimming experience are enjoyable.The feel of a truly open world is very strong in this game. With other titles exploring and crafting often felt like a chore. In Subnautica my curiosity kept me going deeper and farther into the ocean, maybe because this setting is fairly original.There are some bugs and glitches and I lost a lot of progress to an unfortunate ctd, but if the devs keep up, this will be a great experience at full release."
,Recommended,264710,29892005,Posted: 12 February,all,Sterlander,"Subnautica is absolutely terrifying, mysterious, and open, and I love it. Words cannot describe the terror, curiosity, and amazement I felt while playing through this game. I have experienced some of the best moments I've ever experienced within a game in Subnautica. Jump into the unknown depths of the ocean, and seek whatever you may find down-under. I don't think there are words to describe how stunning it feels to swim around the dark seas of Subnautica, and the intense feelings of discovery and awe you will get."
76561198175729022,Recommended,264710,29752279,Posted: 6 February,all,Crow,PLEASE ADD MULTIPLAYER is a great game it would be better with FRIENDS tho
76561198355175561,Recommended,264710,29951608,Posted: 15 February,all,ianort,The game is very good. It is a fun and interesting survival game that has a good story for early accsess.
,Recommended,264710,28317616,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Pussydestroyer Gert,"It is a very cool game and its a lot og fun, the only problem is that it crashes and the fps is not that grate.butt it is still a lot of fun"
76561198046944136,Recommended,264710,29065646,Posted: 6 January,all,\3M\8averick,Early acess done right.
76561197977454071,Recommended,264710,29126997,Posted: 8 January,all,quincy99,exellent game. really get lost in it for alot of time. wish there was a multiplayer option to do with friends. other than that Great game guys keep the updates coming!!
76561198352993060,Recommended,264710,29150215,Posted: 9 January,all,mdhomburg,Subnautica is perfect in almost every way. The only down side is on my PC it is kind of slow.
76561198093909162,Recommended,264710,28125773,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SadSapling,Subnautica is a really fun single player game. There is A LOT to explore in that vast ocean and they are always adding new updates to give the players more content to play with.
,Recommended,264710,29195742,Posted: 11 January,all,Bard,"This is an amazing and visually stunning game!  Even in the starting shallows area the Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather...err graphics are amazing.  So far the story has been fascinating with a couple of twists beyond ""survive"".I was completely caught off guard the first time I was underwater at night.  I'd swear that every fish and plant had bioluminescence!  It was amazing.  The only problem I had in the beginning was that the plans for even the most basic needs like your first vehicle and an actual base room were scattered through the world and you had to spend hours to find them just to get started (though you can build a base with nothing but corridors, so you're not stuck entirely).  However, once that hurtle was beat (and it took quite a while without looking things up online) building my base was SO much fun.  I have visited the crashed ship four times and I find something new I'd missed every time.I do have one hang up, however.  After this last update, the lag made the game unplayable.  I drowned while at the freaking HATCH to my base!  I couldn't get in because the stuttering was so bad my mouse clicks were missing it.  This is a brand new issue and this is an early access game.  Once they get that fixed, I will be returning to my modest (yet functional!) base on the edge of the Creepvine forest.  Just looking out of my Observatory at the yellow glowing fruits while munching on cured Peeper and drinking filtered Bladderfish makes my day.  From what I can tell, the Dev's are adding updates pretty regularly and have been accessible on steam forums.  I will assume they will fix the lag soon and will be proud to say this is only the second or third early access game I've purchased and the first I'm happy with.Fix the lag!  Then this game will be one of my favorites forever."
,Recommended,264710,29108443,Posted: 7 January,all,Monolisk,"this is hands down the best early access game i've purchased, and definately only one i've bought that seems to have regular updates and a goal of actually completing a game.the crafting system and resource gathering are all really well done, the amount of diversity in sea life, flora, and landscapes are amazing and all look really well done and thought out. what i honestly love most about this game is the ambience and music, it does an unreal job of making you feel like you are actually there in the ocean on an alien planet."
,Recommended,264710,17613756,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Vortex2314,Subnautica is a survival underwater game where your ship crashlanded on a alien planet and you are the only surviver. You need to explore and craft items to survive in this alien planet.Good:-Base bulding-Exploration-Epic explosion-Awesome crafting system-Scary as hell (sometimes)-Many new updates almost each week-Awesome sea creaturesBad:-No mutliplayer (yet)-Scary as hell (sometimes)
76561198178862406,Recommended,264710,17559455,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,zombiealex03,this game is the best game ever
,Recommended,264710,17594620,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Argador,My favorite survival game.
76561198008287574,Recommended,264710,17556372,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Widescream,"After the ""shocking"" update - the Seamoth will now say ""I love it when you come inside me"" as you enter it.Alt+f4 ktnxbye"
76561198098594327,Recommended,264710,17557115,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,YeetYeetYeetNi&&ersYeetYeetYeet,"So I have had this game for a long time now. I've seen many updates and bugs throughout the hundreds of hours I have put into it. But recently, the new updates have included eggs, and I have a story to tell.> I made a new world with the update, starting me over from scratch which is always annoying> Do the normal things, build up a stockpile of all the common resources, yadda yadda yadda> Explore some kelp forest> Find one egg> It's a stalker egg> I find it beyond facinating and decide to take it home to my lifepod> I continue doing my thing, gathering blueprints building a small outpost> I finally decide to name it Sally the Stalker> Build up a large base moonpool, seamoth the whole deal> Get a large aquairum> Put Sally in there> Keep on going off, building, discovering seeds that also came into the updates> Come back one day, she hached> I love it, I decorate the whole aquairum with cool looking floura> Eventually decide that it's wrong to keep her caged up in that place> Finally decide that it's time to let her go> Think that it would be cool to have a like a guard stalker outside my house> Take her out of the large aquarium> Put her directly outside my base> It's all chill for like 10 seconds> Sally suddenly turns around and bites me> I'm shocked, I feel betrayed> I give it a pass, and leave her alone for a while> Later wanna go add some stuff to my base, leave through my front hatch> I randomly get attacked by Sally while doing my own biz> I again don't do anything, all I do is stock up on medkits> Later had an rough time with my seamoth, forgot my weldier at my base and encountered a leviathan reaper> Had like 5 health speeding it home> Get close to my base, about to pull up into my moonpool> Out of nowhere get blindsided by Sally> Destroys my fully upgraded seamoth> I cant believe it> I know what I had to do> Grab my freeze gun> Grab my diamond knife> I swim over to Sally> She comes after me> I freeze her> Pull out my knife> Start hitting her> After every hit I feel her look of horror increase as I was the one person in the ocean who cared about her> Keep on freezing and slicing> Blood is flying everywhere> I take the final hit> She goes limp, and starts floating up to the surface> I first feel happy like a burden was gone> I then feel like a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and that what I did was selfish> I try to keep on progressing and upgrading> Everytime I come back to my base I see Sally floating on the surface> I can't take it anymore> Exit game> Delete SaveOverall, subnatica is a great game that is worth buying in it's early stages because of it's support by its devs10/10Please bring back Sally im so lonely"
,Recommended,264710,17718618,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Shadow Kari,"Are you an ocean lover, fan of adventures and discoveries?Do you love the mysteries that lie beneath the depths, and the danger it brings?Do you like survival games but want a semi-fresh concept?look no further this game will amaze, it will scare, it will make you feel, this is what ocean exploration is about and its even more deadly than you could imagine.Should you play Subnautica?I'm surprised your not yet, get to it, stop reading reviews and play the game, you wont be disapointed, i hope :3"
,Recommended,264710,19873364,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,KSHМЯ,Beautiful alpha but I wait for compleate version :)
76561198151449651,Recommended,264710,19874762,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Blackduty |,Best Early Acess 10/10 recomended to anyone that likes survival
,Recommended,264710,19795814,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,garbage,"are you scared of the sea? do you dislike big creepy fish?good, play this game."
76561198124889543,Recommended,264710,18912030,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,plowthex,This game has: 1 really good graphics. 2 many items and 3 a good type of open world game!!
,Recommended,264710,17339989,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,PinZ,"It takes a cupple of hours to get into the game but when you do this game is the best game ever. it has a grate crafting system, an amazing and well made swiming system and very nice graphics. i highly recomend this game and would play this game for many years to come but.... there are some thing's that need to be changed. like... you need to add some more food sources, needs better and more in depth biomes and more land masses. but at the end of the day this is an amazing game an you should buy it."
76561198092310308,Recommended,264710,16846293,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Dialga8000,"I felt very scared playing this for the first time I was somewhat excited too, I decided to explore a bit and I found myself safe I met some stalkers and tried not to provoke them. Eventually I got a false sense of security and confidence and strode the ocean Bravely until one of those bloodsuckers jumped on me I panicked and threw my headphones after that I ran to my base and decided to make first aid kit I needed coral chunks so I look around and start stabbing rocks that look like coral and something came from behind and damaged me I instanly panicked and close the game and started crying on the floor. I rate this game 10/10"
76561198051283317,Recommended,264710,21257750,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,brez,At release this game will be a must-have. Epic early access with so much potential.
,Recommended,264710,21291982,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Piggy,"""We're gonna need a bigger boat""10/10"
,Recommended,264710,21151868,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,candiru,Best game NA
76561198142342920,Recommended,264710,21204344,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,wolfclaw99,worth it. its a good game the fish are cool. the sub is cool. the big fish are cool . and the fish that kill me are cool. the fish who do not kill me are very cool. its fun:D :D
76561198196025738,Recommended,264710,21277514,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,リアル影Shadow影リアル,"It is a AWESOME GAME Bruuh srly. It is a early acces games but it is sick, and a little bit scary."
,Recommended,264710,20412498,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Cutefluffyball,THis is a Great unbelievable game :Dbut it would be better than that if you add co op
,Recommended,264710,21010580,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Farfeckle,"I feel that they are really taking community feedback seriously and I love the direction the game is moving. I also love that they tell you the items that exist in the world but not how to get them. As a solo survival game they did a great job of keeping the enviroment interesting when you are just searching for resources and just grinding honestly. It can be frustrating trying to find that one resource that you need; but, this in turn encourages you to explore and take risks. Exploration is the backbown of this gmae right now. I personally have never opened the Wiki and slowly learned by trial and error. If that style of gameplay appeals to you and you dont mind failing then this is the game for you. If you look nothing up online you can achieve hours of gameplay just to reach the endgame in its current state. I need to buy a copy for my friends that have been watching me play through broadcast. I believe that last statment proves that I would recomend this game for anyone that likes this genre of game."
76561198130541717,Recommended,264710,21114023,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Lambyjoe,Spooky fish attack you. 10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again.
76561198068608724,Recommended,264710,33254259,Posted: 4 July,all,The Captain,"Go to Lifepod 4Play video in BackgroundDont hear loud roarThanks videoTry to find entrance to capsized life pod on topdont find itgo underwateras im trying to get underneath the pod completely i flick my mousein the mouse flicking process i notice reaper leviathans tailimmediately paused and alt+f4 while screaming at my mom in the background10/10 would get scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ by reaper without even seeing its face againP.S those things are ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying, if i hadnt played more than 2 hours i wouldve refunded just because of them"
,Recommended,264710,25407028,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Scary Stonga,"the first 20 hours with this game are amazing. after that, you probably still havent seen everything there is. but there isnt as much to do; still though, gathering resources and building your bases is fun. definitely worth it even in early access. beware though, if you spend as much time as me in this game, the bugs will get to you. can't wait for the polish update, which is coming soon(THIS REVIEW IS OUTDATED - THERE IS NOW MORE STUFF TO DO)"
76561198312755097,Recommended,264710,33251066,Posted: 4 July,all,Nazzus,"This game is fun and scary, as it is glitchy... i unlocked my cyclops bluprints (all of them) and i have the parts to make the sub, but it wont let me build it. My P.R.A.W.N. suit got stuck on a little piece of wreckage that i SHOULD be able to thurster out of but.... still. Keep in mind that this game is still early access. their are bugs. Hope this helped. :)"
76561198213148005,Recommended,264710,33184500,Posted: 3 July,all,Mose,"WARNING: Captivating. Excessive playtime.Seriously, this game is amazing. I'm almost regretting buying it on sale. The story is awesome, rarely has a survival game been able to instill so many feelings. Keep up the good work guys!"
76561198283696442,Recommended,264710,33209042,Posted: 3 July,all,Luigi_Drawz | trade.tf,"I love this game Alot,Bought it for full price and Love it. I Reccomend this to everyone who is scared of the ocean,hates going outside of your safe place and people who hate fish."
76561198238844142,Recommended,264710,33209177,Posted: 3 July,all,A Toaster Oven,"I've been following this game for a while now(before the Sea Emperor was added and correctly sized) and, from what I've seen, this game will only get better."
,Recommended,264710,33211284,Posted: 3 July,all,yesitsmecsd,"So I picked this game up along with a few other titles during the Steam Summer Sale 2017...It was the cheapest game i picked up and honestly i expected it to fall to the wayside for at least a month or three while i played the other more AAA budgeted titles. I was really enjoying the other titles, but out of curiosity on how it performed i started up Subnautica. I had all intentions of playing maybe 5-10 mins and going back to Nier:Automata.First off i was kinda shocked at how beautiful the game is, came right up no modifying ini files or hassling with it to get it perfectly scaled on my 3440x1440 monitor. That alone was enough to make me a happy customer, but then i noticed how well optimized it is. Even running at 3440x1440 with settings maxed i am able to keep a locked 60fps with a single 980ti. I wouldnt mind a patch for SLI, but honestly i am fine without it since it runs so well. At first i was still kind of doubtful, thinking ok its only keeping 60fps bc im above water, im sure once i dive down under its going to plummet...NOPE! i was joyfully wrong, while it did drop from 60 to 59 for a second it was by no means bad or even noticable. Pop-in doesn't seem too big of an issue seeing as how you can actually only see so far under water in real life, i think it handles loading objects in just fine. For an early access title i am honestly blown away here, the level of polish surpasses most of the AAA titles ive played in the past year. The UI for the crafting actually feels like part of the world and not some crap text box with Windows 98 style icons you see in lots of early access crafting titles.I could rant on and on, but too summarize it all, PICK UP SUBNAUTICA it is so good and well worth the price on sale or not!!"
,Recommended,264710,33227461,Posted: 4 July,all,Knux,"Outstanding game.Pros:Polished, fluid gameplay & controlsBeautiful visualsInteresting setting/Engaging storyUser-friendly crafting/blueprint systemGreat audio and musicCons:Occasional lag spikesSome Pop-ins"
76561197964084966,Recommended,264710,33276083,Posted: 5 July,all,Jobobn,"Wow, such a great game already, and it's not even finished. First off, Subnautica is a beautiful game that manages to make exploration--something I'm usually not a huge fan off--deeply enjoyable and full of wonder. Seriously, it is one of the most beautiful games I’ve had the pleasure to play.But the thing that Subnautica pulls off the best is a very specific (and largely untapped) theme of trying to survive using tools that are really not optimized for the task at hand. I don't mean that the tools you research and build feel poorly designed or implemented--quite the opposite--but Subnautica goes to great lengths to let you know that your character is making due with tools that are not designed for what you're facing. You’re running around in an ocean full of leviathans and carnivores in a Scooty Puff Jr. You build and pilot a commercial sub that was originally designed to be piloted by three people, so you’re scrambling around trying to (literally) put out fires while being attacked by creatures the sub’s designers hadn’t even dreamed of. You’re piloting a robot mining suit and fending off sea dragons using a drill-arm that was never designed for combat. The whole game really gives you the feeling that you are a survivor making due with what you can use for the task at hand, and that is a deeply immersive and rewarding feeling.I really couldn’t recommend the game more. If it wasn’t in Early Access, I’d say it deserved Game of the Year, hands down. Once the game’s bugs are worked out, the storyline finished, and the whole thing properly optimized, I have no doubt it’ll be a top contender for a ton of awards.Note: One thing that is very important for making the game run smoothly—at least at this point in Early Access—is you need to make sure the game is installed on an SSD or a VERY fast-access traditional hard drive. The game is entirely open world, and it has to call to a ridiculously large number of textures when you’re moving at speed. When I originally started playing it, I had it installed on my platter drive, and I started having serious FPS issues later in the game as a result. Once I moved it over to my SSD, the problem was 100% resolved."
,Recommended,264710,21884138,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Slugg,I swim! I die! I swim again!
,Recommended,264710,33258976,Posted: 4 July,all,Metal Messiah,"Amazing game, right when you think its getting repetitive things start happening, finding new blueprints to explore, alien structure/life forms etc.. played it for an hour and instantly bought another copy and sent it as a gift."
,Recommended,264710,18445480,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,🎩 Chiff  🎩,"People overuse the word exploration when describing game genres, simply because a game has an open world, or things to find.In Subnautica, you start the game having no clue about any of your surroundings, other than that you're in the sea of an alien planet - near the crash site of your spaceship. Everything else about this world, the reason for the crash, and the fates of the survivors - is up to you to find out in non-linear fashion. Most games would use some kind of quest framework to track the progress on these things, but Subnautica is much more freeform, allowing you to explore freely from the start. You can come across endgame content really quickly, but... you probably won't survive it.Probably the best comparison in that regard would be Breath of the Wild. In much the same way as you can photograph things in that game to aid in your finding them later, in Subnautica, you can scan various things to get more information on them and how to best deal with them. As such, you never really need to resort to googling to play this game, as experimentation is part of the gameplay - somewhat similar to the mechanics in The Witness.In many ways this is also a horror game, facing the unknown in the deep blue, where there are things that would eat you in a single bite. But that urge to explore will make you want to push on into these dangerous and terrifying places. You won't come away empty handed for your efforts either, there are amazing vistas to find, AI behaviours to observe and loot to find. It's very much a success at nailing Risk/Reward gaming, rather than simply punishing incompetence.I also really love how the game deals with scale in progression."
,Recommended,264710,33380590,Posted: 8 July,all,PunkStar Studios,Crazy good game!Minecraft for the oceans.
76561198047169209,Recommended,264710,33353338,Posted: 7 July,all,Raging Boner Farts,"I love this game. It's a high risk, high reward.The ability to explore and build bases, while trying to adapt to different ecosystems within the game is very rewarding. While it may be another survival games, Subnautica is something special. As you explore you will discover new creatures, and uncover mysteries obout the planet.I would really recommend this game."
76561198000567511,Recommended,264710,16375000,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sheckelbergstein,The only thing that could currently make this game better. Multiplayer!
,Recommended,264710,18066058,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Mr .357,"Subnautica is intriguing, exhilarating, suspenseful, and relaxing all at the same time, and it's still far from complete."
76561198031367619,Recommended,264710,25020957,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Hawk Kaldin,"Just a starting point. I run this game on minimum specs, so if you are like me and you have a computer that is not quite a potato, but not great either then I will be listing a few things here that you will see that other people might miss if they are using more powerful machines.Subnatuica is a survial game at its core, set on an alien oceanic world. If you are afraid of the unknown or deep water, this game might be a good place to fight those phobias. Or you might (probably) get eaten, who knows?Subnatuica, even on low graphical settings, is down right beautiful. The sense of depth (See what I did there?) is fantastic. What I mean by this is that when you swim over a deeper area, you get a real sence of depth in the game world. Many times I have been merrily swimming along only to panic when im suddenly a lot deeper than felt comfortable. The graphics are great as I said before but for those of you like me with low spec machines, this can create problems.FPS drops are common, as well as the environment not loading very quickly are to be expected. If you move from one biome to another, it can take a while for the game to ""load"" the biome. This can create problems, such as damaging yourself or your vehicals on something you cannot see. Patience is required if you are on a near potato machine. This can be offset by swimming into an area and waiting a small while for the game to catch up; granted this is not always possible if you are running low on essential supplies (like oxygen and health) but it will help make your experince better.Its important to note that this game does not have much ""content"" as of yet. It is still very much in development and there is no real ""end game"". There is something of a story, but it really needs fleshing out.To enjoy this game to its maximum, you should buy this game. Play it, panic, get eaten and enjoy it as much as possible. Then leave it be for a while until a major patch comes out, then come back and repeat the process.If you like survival games, with a fresh setting, interesting concept and a love for exploring the unknown. Then this game is for you."
76561198145314788,Recommended,264710,25173199,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,NuclearWalrusNetwork,"Much better sense of exploration than No Man's Sky. Most early access survival games are boring, but this one is awesome and keeps getting better and better with updates. Just exploring all the different biomes and wrecks is great. The game also has has good creature design, along with a system that let me build numerous seabases across the map. I have high hopes for this game's future.My only complaint is lack of multiplayer, as I'd like to explore this epic world with my friends, though I'm sure that's coming in an update."
76561198084328438,Recommended,264710,25021557,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Maltebyte,Its Beautiful game to get lost in and just enjoy!!
,Recommended,264710,19738013,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,SuperKingGames | Gamdom.com,its good but IT NEEDS MULTIPLAYER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,264710,21879376,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Chris Carter,"Go grab this beauty if u like survival, ez crafting, base building and exploring - of course all under water with smooth gameplay und sweet visuals :D"
,Recommended,264710,21881003,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Gage,"Collected floaters to eat, that didnt work. Found a egg, stuck one to the egg, the floater and the egg went flying to space the egg was so lite.10/10 would watch floaters go flying like missles again."
76561198167091518,Recommended,264710,25747648,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Danski919,Its Gr8
76561198120593317,Recommended,264710,25715966,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Rottencheese99,Good
,Recommended,264710,25719239,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,jtgmerk,very addictive.  hardest part of playing eary access games is waiting for the dev to deliver more content.
76561198200848025,Recommended,264710,23577832,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,megabig0811,"I got out of the emergency pod for the first time. I stood on the top and looked at the spaceship that was wrecked in the distance. All around me was the ocean. I decided to start looking for stuff I could use. I put out the fire in the emergency pod and got what little supplies it held and I dove into the water. From then on I was constantly scanning, salvaging and crafting items while swimming away from all of the dangers of the sea. I got better equipment. I went deeper. I found new species and learned more about the crash from abandoned PDAs. There is overwheming sense of fear of what is in the ocean below you. You never know what you might run into.Pro: This game is beautiful and has so much to do. It keeps you wanting to go back for more. You never really feel safe and that adds a sense of excitment to it.Con: You can't fight. The only thing you can use to kill stuff is a survival knife. There are a few guns but they are non-lethal (they push the threat away or freeze it).Although difficult at times, this game is still completely worth it."
76561197993265453,Recommended,264710,21864328,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,TikiTau,"Pros: Gorgeous Graphics. Nice ambient noise.Cons: The Hell Was That Noise. Staring Into The Abyss And Praying That Something Isn't Staring Back At You. Trying to freedive for the schematics needed to build better submarines, praying the oxygen doesn't run out..."
,Recommended,264710,24792698,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"I love this game, It's great if you have a good computer with a great CPU and GPU. If you watch some of the popular Youtubers play this game, you get to see their reaction of it.   But heres my reaction:Great game,Love it,Would recommend!  :D"
76561198191122627,Recommended,264710,21476523,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,robotboy3001,JUST LOVE THIS GAME! this is a awesome game when i started it was amazing easy to play lots of building exploreing swiming and crafting best game i played!
,Recommended,264710,23157207,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Electroshock,When I first saw this game I thought it was cool game about exploring a beautiful alien ocean world. Well I was half correct.>finish downloading game>hype train has left the station>get into playing it omg so beautiful>few hours in I leave the shallow reefs>realize I can go deeper>distant roaring of monsters>wtf.jpg>realize there's more to the game than just a cool alien reef>get sub eaten by a huge sea worm>scream and close the game>that moment when I realize Subnautica is actually a horror game in disguise>10/10 would be scared to ever go in the water again
,Recommended,264710,24221773,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,buying gf,top kek
,Recommended,264710,24205528,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,WarmupWarrior,"One of the most beautiful and immersive games Ive ever played. First early access i ever played, but looks like a complete game to me already with some need of polishing here and there.Never cared much for survival games, theres so many of them out now they all seem boring to me. But this game throws you in an unknown environment that is in no way suitable for a human. And it keeps reminding you of this fact. You have to take care of that by yourself.Curiosity will take you deeper and deeper, discovering new means to survive and new weird life forms as well. Until you reach a depth where the sun doesnt shine anymore.Thats when this relaxing game turns into a complete nerve-racking experience. Darkness accompained with occasional sounds of something big in it. Didnt have the courage to check it out myself yet.Just buy it you simply cant go wrong with this one.10/10 would scream like a girl in the dark again"
,Recommended,264710,24139099,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,InfernoLegend,Pros:-Good graphics-Great gameplay-Great storyline-excellent physicsCons:-IT DOESN'T HAVE MULTIPLAYERGreat game 10/10
,Recommended,264710,24063536,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,DeadlyP90,I've got three words about Subnautica...PLAY. THIS. GAME.
,Recommended,264710,24416037,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Öil.,>can't really play it since i have a trash pc>tried anyways<didn't work>yes that > is < instead of >>gg
76561198110572288,Recommended,264710,24446571,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Edgy Anime Dude,Absoulutley an amazing game the devs work super hard and constantly update but if you hguys could somehow make like a way to local host a server to play with friends or a co op modebut thats it besides that keep up the great work
,Recommended,264710,30718553,Posted: 24 March,all,"I'm Solo, Han Solo","This game is amazing and it is hard to sum up how much fun you will have playing it but luckily there is a song that does the job for me:The seaweed is always greenerIn somebody else's lakeYou dream about going up thereBut that is a big mistakeJust look at the world around youRight here on the ocean floorSuch wonderful things surround youWhat more is you lookin' for?Under the seaUnder the seaDarling it's betterDown where it's wetterTake it from meUp on the shore they work all dayOut in the sun they slave awayWhile we devotin'Full time to floatin'Under the seaDown here all the fish is happyAs off through the waves they rollThe fish on the land ain't happyThey sad 'cause they in their bowlBut fish in the bowl is luckyThey in for a worser fateOne day when the boss get hungryGuess who's gon' be on the plate?Under the seaUnder the seaNobody beat usFry us and eat usIn fricasseeWe what the land folks loves to cookUnder the sea we off the hookWe got no troublesLife is the bubblesUnder the sea (Under the sea)Under the sea (Under the sea)Since life is sweet hereWe got the beat hereNaturally (Naturally)Even the sturgeon an' the rayThey get the urge 'n' start to playWe got the spiritYou got to hear itUnder the seaThe newt play the fluteThe carp play the harpThe plaice play the bassAnd they soundin' sharpThe bass play the brassThe chub play the tubThe fluke is the duke of soul(Yeah)The ray he can playThe lings on the stringsThe trout rockin' outThe blackfish she singsThe smelt and the spratThey know where it's atAn' oh that blowfish blowYeah, under the sea (Under the sea)Under the sea (Under the sea)When the sardineBegin the beguineIt's music to me (It's music to me)What do they got? A lot of sandWe got a hot crustacean bandEach little clam hereKnow how to jam hereUnder the seaEach little slug hereCuttin' a rug hereUnder the seaEach little snail hereKnow how to wail hereThat's why it's hotterUnder the waterYa we in luck hereDown in the muck hereUnder the sea"
,Recommended,264710,23984847,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Steve Irwin,"I love this game. and i know many do. but for some reason i dont know why, but my chair is now brown?!it used to be Blueoh wait i know why...its because im 50 below the surface down by the Aurora with my SEAGLIDER and not a seamoth...Aka alot of reapers swollowed me outa the dark....12/10 would sh!t myself agian^if just i could sh!t myself with a friend (multiplayer is all i need in my life now xD)"
76561198052171135,Recommended,264710,31943771,Posted: 24 May,all,RupertSwaggy,"This game is a GEM! Such fantastic gameplay mechanics and graphics. The creatures leave you speechless and filled with awe, however, some of them fill you with fear, making you go into certain biomes very carefully, if at all. I would TOTALLY recommend this game to anyone who likes a survival/horror/open map ocean game. Developers are active, and updates are coming out regularly. There are bugs and such in the game, but they are actively working on them, and what else do you expect from an early access game?Please do yourself a favor, and buy this game. The price is incredible, as this game seems like it should be a lot more for what you get."
,Recommended,264710,32028371,Posted: 28 May,all,Shadownat3,this gamesIs amazing and its still in early Access!!!Pros:looks greatplays greatfungreat building systemSimple controlsCons:grindig sometimesCan be  buggyOver all great open world adventure game
76561198134652217,Recommended,264710,32028216,Posted: 28 May,all,TinTNT2,the game is EPIC. I realy wouldn't like to see game end just yet. I think that story could go one in multyplayer where people are trying to cure the virus. I realy recomend it.
76561198125840338,Recommended,264710,30225544,Posted: 27 February,all,Crimson Blade,Great game but would liked to see a multiplayer update sometime in the near future
76561197989615671,Recommended,264710,27437044,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Arkane,Multiplayer Please
,Recommended,264710,27438378,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,molnet,Good game. Swim. Get attacked by weird fishlike creatures. Try to survive <.< and find an build new tech /gg
,Recommended,264710,32050782,Posted: 29 May,all,queazy gamer,"BUY THIS! the game is amazing, it can run on a laptop and is a good way to spend time. buy it"
76561198071720482,Recommended,264710,30159276,Posted: 24 February,all,pyr0kid,"want to be scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in darkness?want to look into a pit so deep you cant see the bottom even if you drop a flare?what about jumping into that pit? are you up for that?wanna go for a dive into darkness inside a sub? dont worry, 60 percent of the time its safe every time.have you ever watched pacific rim? if not, just think of epic, big, and badass mechs.ever wanted to get in a much more ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mech thats just as epic in theory, and then go pacific rim all over a huge monster? (just remember to pause before the fight and start your epic music)up for a moment of pure ""oh, well♥♥♥♥♥♥"" followed by a moment of soul consuming sadness?do you like the sea?what about caves?or fish for that matter?if you said yes to all this, buy the damn game already."
,Recommended,264710,32058569,Posted: 30 May,all,[WRP] Celest Rachnera,"The big ocean and space life issomething that brings beauty to us, Seeing all these big and small creatures plus going around in free roam and seeing that these things are possible if we actually do something. In other words i love the game probably the best game in my game library."
,Recommended,264710,20538296,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,lil fob,"Great game, great textures and great everything"
,Recommended,264710,29096353,Posted: 7 January,all,Unspeci,"This game is great, except for one very serious problem:I can't tell my save files apart.It would be great if I could name them.Maybe that could be a feature in the next update.Have a nice day!"
,Recommended,264710,32118282,Posted: 1 June,all,Andii,I've played this game on and off since its early alpha release. It's had it's ups and downs butwith the end of the game in sight i'm proud of what the devs made this into.In alpha 9/10 (some really weird bugs now and then)when it's fnished 10/10
76561198358291581,Recommended,264710,31853206,Posted: 19 May,all,Orsik,"Almost crapped my pants a few times. The ocean is terrifying, and this game confirms my fears. So much fun."
,Recommended,264710,31850452,Posted: 19 May,all,Le Fantome!,"Between the higly active developers, lush underwater enviornment, and immersive (submersive?) gameplay, I have to say that it's no wonder that I'm still sinking hours into Subnautica, even with it being early access."
,Recommended,264710,31853124,Posted: 19 May,all,QuestaDay,"So this is a crafting/exploration game, but if you are buying this game you aren't buying it for this... You are buying this game because you want to experience the feeling of actulally exploring an ocean, which this game certainly delivers.Not quite as tedious as some other crafting/survival games.Avoid wikis / websites and you will enjoy this game much more !!!"
76561197999837197,Recommended,264710,26474461,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Cpt Buckshot,"A great game that is Early Access, and there are not many that are done this well.  Survival, basebuilding, building ships and exploration.  Yes the game is not perfect and there are some glitches and even a bug now then but over all the quality of the game is good enough now to recommend it even though its not done because there is a ton of stuff to do thus far."
76561198153132082,Recommended,264710,26459986,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,$ KEEPER OF THE SW@G $,This is truly an amazing survival game. not much out there like this one
,Recommended,264710,26739918,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Echo,Great game and very enjoyable to play.
76561198081294540,Recommended,264710,26850061,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,unit163,This is one of the best games I have ever played. The music together with an event is just so well done it blows my mind. The game is also so beautiful that you want to just sit the and relax and not having to deal with all the creatures that is trying to kill you.WARNIG:You WILL get scared of the ocean and constantly being nervous that something will tear you to pieces.
76561198274991166,Recommended,264710,26758662,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,thomas.rowley4,great game with story or multiplayer BEST game but there is a bug where saving or pausing in the exit animation will make you unable to swim
76561198059622857,Recommended,264710,27520087,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,¯\\_(ツ)_/¯,"The ocean is scary. The ocean is totally gorgeous. Subnautica manages to blend these two things together in a way that I never really thought I'd see in a video game. Gorgeous visuals, terrifying and/or beautiful fauna and flora, diverse biomes to explore, an amazing soundtrack, and a sense of isolation so deep you'll end up talking to yourself.The game itself is about a shipwrecked survivor on an alien ocean planed. Your job: Survive. You need to build a base, establish renewable food and water supplies, craft vehicles/tools to help you explore and gather resources, look for survivors, and try to piece together the story of what happened to the ship you crashed with.The game is in early development, and apparently nearing the end of its development, getting ready for release. While it still does contain some bugs (mostly hilarious ones like creatures or items spawning in in either odd locations, or grossly oversized), there does remain a terrain loading issue for some computers. A fix is in the works, as the devs are fairly active with the community on their own site, as well as forums like Reddit.Overall, I really reccomend the game. I've 82ish hours across multiple saves as different patches and builds come out, and I haven't regretted a single one of them. Definitely one of the best games I've played in recent years, and certainly one of, if not the, most beautiful ones."
76561198125217753,Recommended,264710,27391913,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dragonmaster0326,This game has come a long way from where it started.
76561198229531204,Recommended,264710,29408588,Posted: 21 January,all,silpheed01,"This is one of those rare gems of early access games, that does definitely have it's draw backs to playing the early access version (still unstable in some ways, i go into it more in my cons section below), but has many enjoyable parts that make it worth a try if your willing to put up with the bugs and use a few work arounds. I really like the non violent aspect to this exploration game. You can defend yourself when attacked by creatures, and you do take what you need for food from the wildlife. However, i have put many hours into the game and have not felt the need to develop the stasis rifle, or the torpedo's for the vehicles, for self defense, just mainly use the knife to fight off aggressive small critters, and deter larger animals, and for hunting. I tend to just manouver around the more agressive creatures and it's a very viable method of play in this game. The world is more fleshed out in some ways than some finished games, yet there still seems to be many aspects to it that are not yet in the game, and that's not including the story elements that seem to be yet to be developed.The current cons of the game:(Remember this game is still in development so this con list is more about listing current problems, that hopefully will be soon fixed, but may persist until final release. If your not willing to put up with these then i'd recomend waiting for a while yet to get the game.)-After exploring into various parts of the map, and putting a good number of hours, the game can become unstable, even the supposedly stable build version. I have to go into the save game files and delete the cache files in order to stop it from crashing while moving from one biome to another. Doing so may be causing other bugs, but at least the frame rates come back and it stops crashing for at least a few to many hours of gameplay.-(this one is a game play issue, tho it can make it feel like you've acheived something when you get there) It is a bit of a grind to get even enough materials for the basic equipment to start off with. The compass takes a while to get, and there's almost no mapping features in the game, making it hard to remember where to get matterials for the things you are building. I list this in cons because it can make for a long start to the game if this is not your cup of tea.-As with all these types of games some of the construction recipies make no sense. Tho from seeing earlier videos this is something that the developers understand and are changing with newer updates. I've even found materials that seem to have no use as of yet.-There are a few weird bugs, and the game saves can be problematic when encountering some of these, so sometimes reloading your game doesn't work to fix certain problems.Pros:-the current price of the game, i feel it's well worth what i've spent considering the many enjoyable hours spent exploring and building in this game.-Actually has a variety of playability styles. you can be very agressive, despite the moslty non lethal weapons available and somewhat destructive to your environment, or you can be very passive and just take what is needed and work with the land around you.-Sometimes very unique and beautiful environments to see.-What is available of the story line is engaging and intruiging.-despite my longer list, or maybe just more in depth description, of cons i feel the pro's still outweigh the cons on this title."
76561198045441739,Recommended,264710,28804092,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dr. Zaius,Bought 3 games the other day Ive only played subnautica.
,Recommended,264710,25701395,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,The FUPPIT,Played Subnuatica for 40 minutes and then got jumped by a reaper and quit.That's the story of my life.
,Recommended,264710,25718020,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Daft Llama,"10 out of 11, too much water"
,Recommended,264710,25969691,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Commander Crazy Cat,Greatest damn underwater exploration game you will ever play. In its current state as of 10/10/2016 is still in its alpha and is one of the most amazing games i've ever played
76561198218658643,Recommended,264710,26254778,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DeadElf224,"Very good so far. I haven't played much, but I love what I have experienced so far. As a fan of survival/crafting games, but weary of EA, I took a gamble, and was not dissapointed. Very beautiful scenery, btw."
,Recommended,264710,27523682,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gameknight999,i like the garryfish
,Recommended,264710,26345663,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,HOT ROSS BUNS,"Excellent, fishy fishy fishy. 6/6"
76561198200300749,Recommended,264710,28475443,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,kosmokid,Reaper leviathansEnough said
,Recommended,264710,28227340,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Frank Vane,"amazing game at a great price! It has a compelling storyline and hours of fun exploring / crafting, lots of cool gagets  . my only complaint is that i want more of everything!  I dont know how i didn't find this game until now. there are a lot of bugs still to be hammered out but nothing too bad , all i can say is keep up the good work devs and i can't wait for the finished product . I will be looking forward to seeing what else you have to offer ."
,Recommended,264710,28227834,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ĐJ ₱Ʉ₲,this gami is really cool but it says i have to have 4 gigs but i have 364 gigs already but its a really cool game otherwize
,Recommended,264710,28141119,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,THE BADGER,A nice underwater exploring game. Worth it.10/10
76561198089003160,Recommended,264710,28414814,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,DragoEska,good game best for underwater survival.
,Recommended,264710,28179346,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Echozor,"Great Game, 100% worth"
76561198168515102,Recommended,264710,27656277,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,pcf.swiss,Still recommending the game although it is getting harder and harder to enjoy the exploring because of the tons of predators just waiting to come after you almost everywhere.
,Recommended,264710,27743895,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RileyTheFox,"Never have a game before proved to be so terrifying to me whilst not even being categorised as a horror game. Spawn in and immediately developed a constant fear of the ocean. It takes me about an hour to brave up enough to go outside the shallows only to immediately nope on out at the immediate spoop to come my way.11/10 Would hide out in my lifepod (for an eternity) again.Overall, the game provides a fantastic survival experience along with continuous updates of new content each month throughout it's early access period. Though lacking a few optimizations,  I would recommend to anyone looking for a well-made underwater survival game."
76561197999899587,Recommended,264710,27713467,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DeltaSteven,"Amazing, A Must buy! Minecraft under the ocean with premium graphics! Mine resources, craft things to survive, explore for blueprints to make even more awesome things and then decorate them!This is a must buy! 5/5 Stars if you love survival or Minecraft style games. This games will always hold a place in my library."
,Recommended,264710,27938759,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dank VapeRipper78,if you are debaiting to get this game u are doing it wrong. just buy it. you wont regret it because this is the best game ive ever played
76561197981895050,Recommended,264710,27224353,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,1Dark,A great exploring game
76561198141933445,Recommended,264710,27283006,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shotgun Princess,SO ADDICTING!!!
76561198262350268,Recommended,264710,27739329,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HLpenguin,"Why hello,First let me tell you about how I discovered Subnautica. My brother had it first and quite frankly I didn't get it.. you swim out, collect things, bring it back. Then you swim out, collect things then bring it back.. and so on and so on. But after I noticed he had not got bored or frustrated at this repetitive process over hourrrsssss of play, I was intrigued so I read some reviews and bought the game..It's a bit like the Robinson Crusoe ""Ah fudge I'm stranded"" principle ""Imma gonna need to live here"". To paraphase Buzz Lightyear; you crash land on strange planet and there seems to be no visible signs of intelligent life anywhere. You have to learn everything from scratch and slowly educate yourself to make things easier for you to keep you vital life signs good (oxygen, food ect..). The more materials you collect the more things you can construct, then the easier it is to survive and the easier it is to explore then the more materials you can collect...and so on.There are challenges, creatures you need to avoid, certain areas you can't go until you have produced the right equipment and some people say ""a lack of silver"" which limits what you can build.The play area of this game is FLIPPIN HUGE! So using a series of swim times and trig points I mapped out the area (as you don't get a map) as I went on a series of A4 pieces of paper and worked out where all the different areas were. You can play using the ""swim and cross your fingers"" method as I think most do. And to the 'Lack of silver critics', Im packing Silver *shades come down*.I've been playing this game in early access and it has a great isolated feel to it, there is a slow teasing storyline to discover too and now I've seen its been made into VR.... Mindblow!Over the hours you play you can look back to where you started trying to catch tiny fish who are quicker then you and knowing you could die any minute, to living in your multi-storey underwater crib with survival luxuries, an underwater fresh whip and lockers full of enough shizz to make Argos blush.Adios (Kids this is a viable substitute for geography homework but don't tell you teachers I said so)"
76561198161355131,Recommended,264710,23996727,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,evanjmoo,This is an amazing game it has awesome graphics. And the crafting and building mechanics are great. I strongly recommend this game :)
,Recommended,264710,29528274,Posted: 27 January,all,zachfitz97,it cool
76561198116662214,Recommended,264710,29114147,Posted: 8 January,all,Wut ⌐╦╦═─,If it had multiplayer and was finished then 10/10 but for now 8/10. NIce game.                                                                                     (pls add multiplayer)
,Recommended,264710,29048729,Posted: 5 January,all,Karol_GrAwGrY,I really enjoy this game and would recommend it to any who can spend a little money for this awesome game. Even unfinsh this game has alot to offer. There are glitchs and bugs still in the game but I would recommend hiting F8 on your keyboard report any issuses with the game. I've started to notice that there is more lag the deeper you go and the more progress you make. A bug I've seen is that lately I've run into wrecks that didn't have anything in them or fragements floating in mid water but I usually get on the next day it it's all fine. I can't wait till the next updates come and for the full release. I hope this game will reach beyond the expectation of everyone when the full release comes and so far I am really enjoying the game and really recommend this game to anyone.
76561198210409973,Recommended,264710,29072185,Posted: 6 January,all,Solfugid,This game is the coolest I am not dissapointed!
,Recommended,264710,29072964,Posted: 6 January,all,Deathviper1000,Amazing.
76561198158724925,Recommended,264710,29076223,Posted: 6 January,all,Basilisk,Awesome Game
76561198334769828,Recommended,264710,29101812,Posted: 7 January,all,Hoon | Sebebey,"Amazing game, a bit buggy but they regularly come up with updates to fix them. 9/10"
76561198054022818,Recommended,264710,29104133,Posted: 7 January,all,L3V147H4N,"Imagine a good and nice ... Survival game ... but ... Underwater .... it's awesome.- Very cool world, many many details and variety- Very Immersive feeling from diving into the depth, well achieved VFX that makes you believe :3- Good crafting system, it doesn't get tedious and because the enviroment is actually so beatiful and diverse, getting the resources doesn't feel like grinding- Good story so far- Good base contruction- Awesome ships and equipent- Submarine! (Cyclops) which acts as a movile base...CONS-Still buggy of course, but Not Soo muchh.. and it has a system for reporting bugs in-game- Not procedural planets/enviroments so far (still very good handcrafted places)Love this game...! love it... LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,264710,28557139,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SnakkeZz,"EDIT: 70 hours editI have been following this game for about a year.I have never been a big fan of survivals in a long-term playing, but this game is expection.As far the story is this:Your space ship crashes to unknown planet, and you managed to survive the crash.You have find and collect materials under water, while avoiding predators, maintaining thirst and hunger. You can then use materials found with the fabricator, to create advanced materials, suits and tools. There are lots of different recipes to start with and new recipes can be found scanning the parts that were dropped from the ship. I'm not gonna spoil more than that.With tools crafted, you are free to explore deeper into water (if you dare), but beware, predators are everywhere :oPro tip:You get the best experience, if you explore the game by yourself. Don't seek any information of the materials, monsters and places to go. Only do this if you get stuck.+ Great Graphics+ Big ton of recipes+ Easy to get into (I REALLY MEAN THIS)+ Open world+ Atmosphere+ Variety of predators, creatures and plants+ Story is still very open, but so far it's tickling+ Updates are coming regurarly, devs are very active. New items, areas, creatures and additions to the story come montly, enough to keep you interested between the patches, expecially if you are starting just now.But because the game is still in development, there are plenty of annoying glitches and game might crash from time to time. If you get past this, well you won't regret spending even the full price on it."
76561198104873870,Recommended,264710,28565208,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,GreenBlazed,"Wow has this game come a long way. When i first played subnautica it was half of what it is now. There was a scanner but no codex entries. You coudnt scan for blueprints to make vehicles (but the vehicles were there). And there wasn't anything to be afraid of exept the reaper leviathan. Now in subnautica you can do so much cool sh*t i can't even keep up with it. I am blown away with how far this game has come, and for a person who loves the ocean as much as me the game is perfect. If im gonna be honest this game could easily make it onto my top 10 favorites. so i rate 9/10 - an amazing game that is just a tiny bit incomplete."
76561198100338335,Recommended,264710,28604415,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LobsteR (Trading),"I absolutely love this game and recommends it for anyone who loves survival games. Just wish it had multiplayer though, would make it one of the best survival games out there."
76561197978299402,Recommended,264710,29154750,Posted: 9 January,all,Out2kill,Seriously the best Early Access game on Steam. What No Man's Sky wishes it was. I can't say enought good things about this game. Once the performance issues get worked out and Nvidia/AMD release some drivers with full support near launch in May this game will be a serious contender for GOTY.
76561198052352984,Recommended,264710,31048221,Posted: 9 April,all,chawk60,Absolutely amazing! Would totally recommend it! 11/10!
,Recommended,264710,29169550,Posted: 10 January,all,The_ExperiencedMonster,This is such a beautiful Game. It is great to pass time and there is a bit of lore. I hope others enjoy as much as I did
76561198088175450,Recommended,264710,29207133,Posted: 12 January,all,[RS] The Vengeful One,Hey its pretty good.
76561198042564436,Recommended,264710,29123320,Posted: 8 January,all,Spawn of Bitnerd,Great!
,Recommended,264710,29124273,Posted: 8 January,all,Crammykins,"great game, tons of depth and amazing visuals. cant wait for a multiplayer patch at some point"
76561198036594444,Recommended,264710,29276692,Posted: 15 January,all,Seyia,Really enjoy playing the game... just wish it had multiplayer options :)
76561198262563488,Recommended,264710,29259611,Posted: 14 January,all,GhostLing,I recommend this only if they patched the crashing system it will crash constantly
,Recommended,264710,29320753,Posted: 17 January,all,Kairos,"What a really nice game, very addictive. Love-it"
,Recommended,264710,26679048,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Hana,Good game to treat thalassophobia imo.
76561198206604419,Recommended,264710,27585557,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GamebroXD,"though my computer can barely run it now, but when it could it was all I could think about. wondering what the next update will be? by far the best survival game I have ever played, and since it's in early access there is still much more to come."
76561198215595072,Recommended,264710,27585540,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ArcainSpirit,Though its really laggy i love this game.I'll get this on xbox one deffenitly.I would get this.
76561197965574662,Recommended,264710,27476818,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,zelneg,This is quite the expirence of a game. I have been playing it ever sense it hit early access on steam.  Even in its earliest encarnations it was a beatiful and engaging world.  Over time the game and expirence in it have only gotten better.  The game has done a great job of making it feel like you are trying to survive on a hostile ailen world.
76561197993966956,Recommended,264710,26029449,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,FlakMagnet,"Subnautica ... it's a survival sandbox game, and there are lots of those out there. So why look at this one?Simple...It's beautiful.The game starts you off with a few cutscenes and an intro as to why you are where you are and some clues as to what you need to do. You then find your way, trying to build more complex tools and being forced to range further afield to find what you need. The gameplay is pretty familiar to anyone who has played this sort of game before ( only underwater ) but it does a good job of pulling you in and never letting you get too far out of your depth ( sorry ).The wildlife around you is varied, colourful and in some cases lethal. But it's nice to cruise around and just look at what the developers have put there. The map is not random, so eventually the play area could get familiar, but it is big enough and varied enough so ensure plenty of gametime exploring.What you can build is limited ( no block building here ) but the build method and the game mechanic works well and there is logical progression as you try to build beter things to explore new areas of the ocean.The game is still in early access, but it doesn;t play like it isn't finished yet. There are also regular updates and content releases from the developers. This is a VERY important issue for any EA game.Would I recommend this game to others?YES.Plusses:Looks lovelywell supportedrock solid stable with no crashes or issueswell paced gameplay varying from relaxed cruising to blind panicregular updates and new contentDownsides:map is not random, so eventually you will 'finish' itlimited building options for items/craft"
,Recommended,264710,26971811,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vintage,"Visually Stunning, Amazing game mechanics, and a Dev team that sticks to the heart of the game"
,Recommended,264710,28017334,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lordly,This game had me playing for 24 hours withen 3 days. It is that good. I f**king love it and the backstory is great. If you think this game looks cool from the videos on steam. Get it. There is so much more to see.
,Recommended,264710,23707725,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,RIDER,awesome game need to be multiplayer soon
76561198044742388,Recommended,264710,24148715,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,kashigolean,Best alpha i ever bought. already feel like i got my money's worth. Can't wait to see what they add next.
76561198124895618,Recommended,264710,29380975,Posted: 20 January,all,Queen_Susan,Its  really good! I like how you can catch the fish and put them in a tank!Thats AWSOME!!
76561198355747826,Recommended,264710,29386780,Posted: 20 January,all,Xandman,Nice
,Recommended,264710,29861279,Posted: 11 February,all,Epos,This game is truely an expirience like no other. I've never gone from awestruck wonder to terrified panic as quickly as i have playing this game.
76561198355891156,Recommended,264710,29406951,Posted: 21 January,all,isaiahd0703,This is a good game but i had problems with a lot of lag.
,Recommended,264710,29519545,Posted: 27 January,all,ObeyTheKing,"I love the idea.Gameplay is OK.game play is OK but the gameame is poorly optimized. Hopefully this is earlyacsess game. And it could be change soon.There is 4 game modes so far Survival, I don't remember, hardcore and creative which I mostly played creative,Cus I think in survival mode is too boring for me... I somehow feel pointless.Should u buy it? If u r huge survival game fan or just love building things then YES.It will give u some fun hours of gameplayI would give this 6/10"
,Recommended,264710,28254924,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Leddem,AHHHH THIS GAME IS SO FREAKING AMAZING
,Recommended,264710,28155219,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SteWe_MaGe,"The game is amazing. It has everything, and really is a unique twist on classic survival game. Heres a pun you might or might have not heard yet.One mans ocean, No Mans Sky :D"
,Recommended,264710,28179016,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,|Fever| 747shinigami |PVT|,Best Game on steam For those who love to explore build and servive. CANT WAIT FOR MULTIPLAYER
76561198063792140,Recommended,264710,20777801,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Plumtree ツ,This game is terrifying.
76561198113946982,Recommended,264710,30285598,Posted: 2 March,all,KSI has cancer,one word awesome
76561198200489242,Recommended,264710,25411026,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Lilyheart,A very nice game. I like playing it. I hope the full game gets released soon!
,Recommended,264710,26252370,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,soupymeatballs,"This game is incredible. Although it is in early acess and this scares many away, the devs are very active, releasing a major update every month, and are very clear with their intentions (see the roadmap and development trellos). I will warn, in order to get the full experince I will recomnd a fairly modern GPU as the graphics are intense. They just added support for HTC Vive and had alread had Oculus support so VR is a great bonus for those looking to get really up close and personal with the creatures of planet 4546B. If you are looking for a game of survival look no further than Subnautica. \99/100"
,Recommended,264710,26252391,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,XinY2K,"Best survival game I've played yet. I always find something to do, somewhere to go, and I don't have to stress about dying as often as previous games"
76561198205484364,Recommended,264710,26253078,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,"The Wicked Witch, Bitch","(Ignore my spelling) I love Subnautica, its an adventerous game, with amazingingly detailed creatures. The updates come reguraly so there is always something new to look forward to."
76561198256325008,Recommended,264710,27932057,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,fbcurtiss22,This game is really amazing. I bought this game after seeing that a friend has it and hearing a YouTuber mention it. This game has beautiful underwater sights that will creep you out and amaze you. This game is already amazing and is only in early access.
,Recommended,264710,32432398,Posted: 15 June,all,BlastedVandal,I hate the ocean... I hate the ocean... I hate the ocean... I hate the ocean... I hate the ocean... I hate the ocean... I hate the ocean... I hate the ocean... I hate the ocean... I hate the ocean...
,Recommended,264710,30393790,Posted: 8 March,all,BobyBoo,Buying the game at the final stage of developmend isnt as fun as getting it mid development.It was a hell of a ride seeing new creatures new monuments new biomes day by day.The devs always kept us interested with updates . If u havent seen much of this game on youtube and like exploring go ahead and buy it  IF u have ur probably not even be reading this but if u are ur not gonna get much value out of this game. Either way buy its amazing.
76561198196575226,Recommended,264710,32629611,Posted: 21 June,all,Acolt01,"it's overall a good game, still has a few bugs to work."
76561198004163389,Recommended,264710,23330734,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,phos_gen,"first off: right now my counter is on 24.3 hrs playtime but its muuuch more. Somehow steam tracks my stats not accurate.So, this game is rad. Its fun, beautiful, and something for ppl who love the ocean. Even if its not the earthern ocean, the feeling of diving into the depths for the first time, or hearing the Leviathan\'s roar in the dunes. Its pretty rad.Crafting also feels really good actually, but yes there are sometimes grindy sections, but not the traditional Asian MMORPG Grind. Of course not, and its gotten better and I personally dont feel the grind anymore, also a friend of mine bought it a week ago and progressed so quick, that i dont think the grind is a thing anymore.A treat are the animations and the overall art and sound design, everything fits and sounds delicious.But, the performance is so lala. But what im really missing (well not me, but my friend) are advanced options for graphics aso. You cant really scale the quality down for performance reasons.Overall, Im always craving for the next Updates."
,Recommended,264710,23908275,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Katana,"Still in the first few hours of the game, and I don't really have points of comparison against survival games like The Forest, or Rust, but so far I'm enjoying Subnautica. It does remind me of early resource-gathering survival games like Minecraft, but with a lot of very nice visuals and a nice change of pace with marine exploration. Even elements of the game that don't have finalized models, like the ""air pipes"", are still fun to use. Remember that with early-access games, you should probably only consider buying the game if you like the features that exist right now."
,Recommended,264710,32303783,Posted: 9 June,all,Spottloskan,"Great game!I only miss 1 thing, co-op or online."
76561197970364621,Recommended,264710,23834083,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[V-M]Torchiel,"A really nice game, well worth the full price. Only shame is that it is singleplayer only(Multi planned after launch) Nice approach on under water exploration and nice layout of the tech tree. And the fact that most of the weapons in the game are non leathal make it more intressting. Only grief i have personally with the game is the lack of mp/co-op, but it has been really fun to play it in sp and i can wait for a mp version to come out. It well worth to check out these guys roadmap and plan, they also have a site where you can see what is bieng worked on and what is comming up next witcxh is a big nice plus from me.Update: Devs have ruled out multiplayer in this game with it's current engine/coding, inregards to MP they have said this ""Maybe one day we'll start over on a different engine and make a new Subnautica game based around coop."" This bumms me out abit, as i was hoping for a MP version. Still like the game tho."
76561198005258587,Recommended,264710,32617545,Posted: 21 June,all,Inoox,Yes.
,Recommended,264710,32947742,Posted: 28 June,all,ColdSun,"To put it simply, this game is amazing, especially if you love underwater games or had any experience scuba/skin diving.  I never feel bored while surviving and there is always something new to find or create.  If you are looking for a negative review of this game, you came to the wrong place.PROS- Excellent Graphics- Immersive Gameplay- Extremely High Replay Value- Excellent Main Story- Huge Open World- Developers Still Working Hard on New ContentCONS- Stuttering Graphics at times - might be my graphics card? (GTX 970) - for the most part the game performs fantastic but every once in a while I get stuttering or freezing frames and then it clears up.  I'm sure with a better computer and/or graphics card this thing would perform perfectlyThere is just no description I can give of the feeling of awe when I explored the under caves or the first time I drove my Cyclops sub (a conquest of going from nothing to being a true master of my environment.  There were many such instances for me in this game.  I had to actually tone down my playtime because I was losing track of time.  This game might not effect some people like it has me, but being someone who used to dive it really is a fantastic immersion.I do have ideas of my own that would be nice if they were in the game:- Cyclops should have some type of solar charging upgrade (replacing power cells being the only method of powering the sub can get tiring, especially with solar-powered technology already existing in the game)- Surface boats with diving rigs- Cyclops docking station like the moon pool- Different buildings for land bases (with different upgrades than sea bases)- More intelligent races both land and sea to expand the story- Invaders from other planets would be kind of cool (helping the locals fight them off), return of the Precursors?FINAL THOUGHTSIf you are looking for a game you do a lot of killing, this might not be for you.  If you like base building, a good story, exploration, and some truly frightening and on-the-edge-of-your-seat events (like running out of air 300 meters below the surface while exploring a cave) then this game should keep you occupied for a very long time."
,Recommended,264710,29326807,Posted: 17 January,all,Quixalicious,"I have always enjoyed survival games, at least those that avoid crossing the line to being ""punishing"". I've also always liked the idea of horror games, but tend to get fatigued of jump-scares, gore or a number of other tropes and can't finish them.Subnautica is a gem, a game that provides a vast amount of suspense, without necessarily being ""scary.""It's surprisingly polished for an early access game in many ways, providing a rich, beautiful world, albeit one that sometimes seems to lack some performance optimization.There is so much to explore, an increasingly dangerous world of color and murk. Wonderful game!"
76561198114673473,Recommended,264710,32950208,Posted: 28 June,all,Windows XP 2.0,"This is a very beutiful game, and i like that in this game you have to explore to progress in the game. Also it`s not like any normal game you have seen or played. That makes the game very special from the other games."
,Recommended,264710,16281853,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Hodge1724,"Love this game and really pleased with the development of it, regular updates with great content. A suggestion from me would be to add in a bed, sort of minecraft style that you can craft and place in your base or sub, it could even warp you to day time but I think a bed is currently missing to make it feel even more like survival :) keep up the stellar work devs!"
76561198162266724,Recommended,264710,21900553,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,♫officerZTG|DUBMASTERSUSSAG,great bueatifal game
76561198026635584,Recommended,264710,27933383,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Runo,Fanatastic game do yourself a favour & add it to your colection .
,Recommended,264710,28513263,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,AriaCraft99,"This game is incredibly detailed. Every fish and plant is micromanaged down to their scales. Its immersive, has a lot of content, and finding out the mystery of the Aurora just adds to it all. You don't know true terror in this game until you find yourself trapped in a submarine, miles under the ocean, with a leviathan just outside. Seriously there is so much to explore, you won't run out of things to do very quickly. I will say however, that since this game is still being developed, I have noticed a lot of glitches. This mostly happens with new content, so i still recommend this game to those who love exploring. (Even if a fish flies through my wall every now and then)"
76561198050684944,Recommended,264710,26950190,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jynn,"This game is awesome, even if the story isn't complete yet. I can't wait for more to come, but I'm having a splash (hah) just exploring everything I can, and customizing my base.Pros:- Awesome music and sounds, the creatures really do sound otherworldly- Great visuals and graphics, especially sunrise through the kelp forest- Amazing creativity in the creation and biology of their alien species, I love reading the bios on each one I find- A story that has me wanting more, eager to find someone that survived alongside me- Customization of  your submarine. I'd love to see more, but I'm happy with what we got already!- Cute customization for your base....posters for your wall, stuffed animal for your shelf, and gardens both inside and outCons:- Some lag and stuttering issues- Some bugs, like a missing life pod you're supposed to be able to find but isn't where it is supposed to be- Animals sometimes drift into the wrong biomes- Collision issuesOver all I think it's a great game that's only going to get better"
,Recommended,264710,26848350,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Miss Newtype,"This is by far one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. The attention to detail is really amazing. This game goes from 0 to nightmare in a flash, as some of the deeper bits of water get outright scary creatures, some of immense size.This is a crafting survival game with light story elements to be found through exploration.If you think this is gonna be like all the other crafting survival games you're gonna be surprised at how wrong you are.The crafting itself, while leaving much to be desired, feels intuitive and useful allbeit kind of clunky.They keep adding more almost every week and the ocean flora, fauna and landscapes show an incredibly range of biodiversity. You could spend hours playing without realizing it.I have mild thalassophobia, and I have a hard time around deep or dark water, and this game seems to be helping me overcome that somewhat. While it utterly horrifying sometimes there's enough of a cool factor to keep coming back for more.A fully explorable alien aquatic environment with a deep crafting system and tons of toys, what more do you want out of a game?"
76561198133713218,Recommended,264710,26381596,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,❤7obu❤,"I ABSOLOUTLEY LOVE THIS GAMEPros: Active and listening devsBeautiful graphicsEver developing storyRuns relativley wellCreatures have effort put into themDevs respond to questionsDevs let you see what they're working onComes out officially in DecemberWill continue to be updatedDevs don't deny nor confirm multiplayer, but do want to add it.Cons: Playthrough one can be kind of confusingPlaythrough one can start to lose value (that is until they add new stuff wich is like at most 2-3 months)Game might crash plenty if your computer isn't all that good20$ price tag isn't appealing to some.Overall, this game is pure amazing, so much effort and passion went into this  game and this game? MADE BY EIGHT PEOPLE! NUFF SAID"
76561198137760676,Recommended,264710,30039885,Posted: 19 February,all,Pug | selling tora,I like how it is a well developed survival game that is very unique. I enjoy playing it but I stopped when I think what may have been a glitch occured but I'm not sure. I had a radiation suit and explored the Aurora and collected most of the items there. I was killed and lost all the items I had gained from exploring the ship and items I had taken to the ship. I thought this was a glitch because when I had died previously I didn't lose any items. Overall besides that I loved the game and plan to begin playing it again soon.
76561197979060695,Recommended,264710,26598966,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,3XG BadMan123,Love the game. Buy Buy Buy.  Have fun.. Best game I've played in a long time.  One of the most beautiful games I've played.
76561198204008357,Recommended,264710,27217530,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Minute Maid Watermelon,all around gorgeous game and very in depth (not a pun). This game is still early acess and is going to be much larger and I can't wait till they add multiplayer and a reachable ending.
76561198080506489,Recommended,264710,29707787,Posted: 4 February,all,dragonboy304,i like game is 11/10 i r8 8/8 m8 dont h8 also dont get spooked by big fat blue worm thing
,Recommended,264710,30063467,Posted: 20 February,all,JamesTheKat,Subnautica is a wonderful game and is full of suprises!
,Recommended,264710,30069186,Posted: 20 February,all,Maverson,One of my all time favorite games.From the on point music to feel of barely surviving an encounter with a creature you didn't see this game is incredibley immersive and that is before you factor in that it is VR compatable.They constantly add free updates and listen to their community. Also the story is nearing completion and is quite refreshing.9.9/10
,Recommended,264710,29791122,Posted: 8 February,all,Adashdin,"This game is some of the most fun I have ever had, if you are a fan of other open world survival games then this new take on the genre will make you go insane. The sheer number of things that you can do is astounding. Magnificent sound effects, 30 different biomes including massive cave systems, all underwater. This game has it all. I highly reccomend it. Have fun out there."
,Recommended,264710,29976770,Posted: 16 February,all,CRUCIAL 000 - YT,"After watching a YouTube video of this game (only watched a few minutes very excited by what I saw) I hurriedly bought this game on Steam after not playing any game for a long time on PC.I was a bit disappointed though because the game is a bit of grind to start and without watching some walkthrough videos (which give away the surprise) to get started. Maybe I am bit daft, but I haven't this issue in other games.The environment is quite beautiful but also a bit buggy, but that is to be understood as this is an Early Access title. The gamely also suffers from some bugs and strange quirks. These bugs are not awful and they haven't broken the game in any way for me. I quite enjoy this game and its strange land.I would recommend this game to survival type enthusiasts that are into these extraterrestrial planet environments. The price may go up in the future so this might be a good time to grab it, but it could also go down."
76561198050048150,Recommended,264710,30134376,Posted: 23 February,all,Blueberry Blast,fun.
76561198353271066,Recommended,264710,29356782,Posted: 19 January,all,Your Wallets,"Great content, and a great story."
,Recommended,264710,26193946,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Führer,Would very much recommend this game if you have a okay pc. This game is very much beautiful.
,Recommended,264710,26426184,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Doc,"this game is pure awesome unless you use commands which i dont recommend (only one i recommend which unlocks all blueprints) this is the game ive had the least longest but have the most screenshots onbut anyways the devs are very consistant with this game this is not one of those games where you see it get updated for a month then not get updates at all like dayz this game even has it's own story this game also makes you go on a scavenger hunt for resources like titanium, quartz' lithium, aluminum oxide, uranium, and diamonds the crafting is complex enough to hate but simple enough for a baby11/10 would get seamoth destroyed by reaper levithan again12/10 would get killed by warper again13/10 no use for mercury"
,Recommended,264710,30230971,Posted: 27 February,all,Deyrune,There are some games out there that give you moments of such awe and wonder that they stick with you  forever...Leaving the vault in Fallout 3 and seeing the world out there waiting...The 'Would you kindly' moment of realisation in  Bioshock...Desperately trying climb the snowy mountain with your buddy in Journey...The 1st time a Reaper Leviathan manages to grab ahold of you inside your Seamoth from this game easily makes that list
,Recommended,264710,30226891,Posted: 27 February,all,EthanAndHisGames,Fun game!
,Recommended,264710,30214732,Posted: 26 February,all,Cryptoc,Even for early access this game has given me some enjoyable hours from fighting to seeking food and materials it still needs some work but none the for now it's a great gamr
76561198018204138,Recommended,264710,28814938,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[19th]MoonBurner,"This game was incredible when I first played it, and it's come so far since then. I only wish I could somehow forget all I know of it, and experience it and all it's new content all anew."
76561198107559906,Recommended,264710,30097219,Posted: 22 February,all,Neanderthal,"tis is a good game,i like it"
76561198268576337,Recommended,264710,25848050,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,joehiatt8,One of the coolest games ever
76561198302362481,Recommended,264710,29929069,Posted: 14 February,all,Duckest,"This game is great. You can't NOT have fun after you grow a pair and just ignore the hostiles. Exept for the Reaper Laviathan. Don't ignore that one. While sometimes getting things can feel like a very long grind, you can shorten it a lot by going to the Subanutica Wiki and finding the correct biome. I would honestly recommend this game to anyone, and I already have to two people and they enjoy it as well. The only thing that I would like to see is a multiplayer. And I know the devs get asked for this all the time, but it wouldent be too hard to implement. All you have to do is make a player model, create a trading system, and change a few animations such as have somone else get into the life pod with you. And im talking about a private game with a friend, not a global online thing. That would be tremedously fun to be able to explore the depths in dual seamoths with your buddy."
,Recommended,264710,29022062,Posted: 4 January,all,InstaCream | CSGOGem.com,Nice. Im only doing this to get that Curator thing :D
,Recommended,264710,29024080,Posted: 4 January,all,Phantom,This game offered me a good adventure and I hope the developers continue the great work!
,Recommended,264710,29050091,Posted: 5 January,all,Lichruler,"I hate the ocean.I hate looking down in the water, and not seeing the bottom.I hate knowing that somewhere, down there, there is probably some giant monster with giant teeth that wants to eat me.I hate it so muchI don't feel safeWHY DO I ENJOY THIS GAME SO MUCH?!"
,Recommended,264710,28898220,Posted: 1 January,all,Duck,"Subnautica is an amazing experience. It brings survival to a whole different meaning, I can't wait for future updates, as I like watching this game evolve into something massive. This game gets 'Scary' as you go deeper you start to see cool but very dangerous  creatures.Time to put your thinking cap on and get surviving in Subnautica"
,Recommended,264710,28914545,Posted: 1 January,all,2D,I LOVE THIS GAME and i hope it never goes down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's good in every way there is no game that i would like better than this. this game has pretty much got me throw life its perfect there's nothing i hate about other than it's not so good controller support but non steam controller support is in beta i really don't know what i expect when using a ps4 controller but overall i recommend this game more than any other game that exists thumbs up for me : )
,Recommended,264710,28994664,Posted: 3 January,all,Stevei444,This is as close to deep sea diving as I will ever get in my entire life :D
76561198095176953,Recommended,264710,28685662,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Stewie,"Very funny and exciting game, definitely worth a buy :DBut it crashes a lot for me :("
,Recommended,264710,28290975,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,V̵̝̎e̷̯͋l̷̦̓t̷̡̅o̵x,"Awesome game and sometimes spooky! I love this survival game and sure i'm going to play it more, I bought it around the release but it was too bugy back in the day. But now! I see some really impressive improvements in this game! the release is expected to be in 2017 and we'll see what they have planned for the release.Oh and 1 more thing. I think co-op would be a awesome feature. Just for your friends. And nothing special with public servers.8.5/10"
,Recommended,264710,24655677,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,insanebrouhaha,I'm never touching water again.
76561197985179706,Recommended,264710,25199178,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,@ssault,"Subnautica! How I love thee, so tender and sweet , so angry and moody. Death lurks everywhere in the depths, oxygen tanks run low , sunlight fades away and you are left in the dark. Exploration is so much fun in this game!I give this game a huge thumbs up, I have been playing it off and on for over a year now or so and it has come so far. The devs really seem to love their game and update it a lot, the subs and prawn suit are out of this world fun to drive. The asking price is totally worth it for this title dont pass it up!"
76561197971899198,Recommended,264710,23362600,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,HotPotato,"+ So much exploration+ Creating bases looks like it is going to be time consuming fun!+ I killed a sea creature that pooped bombs with a knife!+ Having more fun with a $20 Early Access game than I've had with some $60 ""complete"" games10/10Would stab that bomb pooping monster again"
76561198089567121,Recommended,264710,23997504,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Fredriko,"I recomend this game very much. In the beginning of the game it is not that fun, but after you have played like 1 hour and starting to build your base it gets super fun to see your little base turn to a big base with advanced machines to keep you alive.  Subnautica is gorgeous looking. And scary. The sounds are amazing and the animations are realy good too.My specs:I have a geeforce gtx 970 4 gb. it Runs the game with no problemsbut... i have an old proccesor an intel 2 quad something, I get lag spikes sometimes but it is something you can live with.Subnautica is a relly good game. it is a must buyi give it 9.5/10"
76561198180193789,Recommended,264710,23771195,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TurtleLord,Before you cotinue reading this review Buy SUBNAUTICA ITs The best!!!
,Recommended,264710,23782608,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Epic_Angels,One of my favorite games. I recomend this game HIGHLY!
,Recommended,264710,23660425,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Morrison,"-""Hmm, back of the Aurora is cool and all but my seamoth needs recharging""-*turns to head back to base*-Reaper Leviathan right behind me-*gets brains shaken out by Reaper*-*gets eaten*11/10 would get brains shaken out and eaten again"
,Recommended,264710,23867234,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MilkDud,"This is game is still in Early Development, and in my opinion it's a force to reckoned with. The world is so expansive, and the gameplay is immersive. Are there a few bugs? of course, but none are game breaking or really take away from your experience. This game is a MUST BUY."
76561198053342973,Recommended,264710,23867519,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,GhostDemon,"This game is really good so far in its early development stage.So the game starts with you in your life pod, doesnt really tell you a single thing. The first thing you notice is that you are stranded on this water world. There is literally no land in sight. You look north, east, south and west and all you see is water. The game doesnt tell you what you need to do in order to survive. Its realistic like that and that is one of the things I love about this game. Imagine you being stranded on some alien world for a second. Would you have a tutorial on how to build this, or find food and water? No I dont think that you would. Like I said I really like that about this game. In the first few hours I spent exploring looking for food, and figuring out how to get something to drink. After that I spent the rest of the time building and trying to survive. Exploring and everyday in the game I get to go a little further away from my emergency pod.Aside from a few things that bug me like sudden FPS drops while running on the highest settings (Mind you my computer was engineered to run video games on max settings) I feel this game when it is complete will revolutionize the survival genre world. Its everything I expected and more."
76561198300204093,Recommended,264710,23880559,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TheSolitaryOwl,"I spend every moment I can playing this game. There is so much to explore and to see and to do. I am terrified of deep waters so exploration is going to take a while for me XD. At some points in the game you will be reminded that the game is still in early access, but I still reccomend this game to everyone. Buy it and support the devs!"
76561198190436990,Recommended,264710,21554169,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Lealu,"I'll recommend this game for what I hope the future holds.It's a great game overall with some sweet graphics, functionality with lots of crafting and exploring.Overall it's a fantastic underwater world you must learn to survive in.The main drawback (at this time) is the amount of content (yes I know it's still early access).Some of the other limiting factors is the lack of an in-game map (way points would help too), cluttered UI even with only a few beacons places (name shows up at any distance, need to be able to turn them off/on), no range/distance indication on any type of beacon (just a 'It's over there someplace').I understand the locations of blueprint fragments is planned to be changed drasticly so I'll wait and see how that goes, right now by the time you find all the fragments needed to get fully operational your pretty much done with nothing more to do than decorate your base.Some information like the stats of your base (hull intregrity) is only displayed for a few moments when you load the game, need many more UI elelements for displaying current stats and information.From what I can gather there are a lot of changes in the works and a lot of balancing of game elements yet to be done.Subnautica is an underwater survival game with a difference and a great deal of promiss for the future, they might even let you actually defend yourself someday (currently there is no killing except for the fish you eat and the fish that eat you).Come on in, that water is fine (after the nucular waste from the crash is cleared up)   :)"
,Recommended,264710,22174221,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,F.P Actus,"This is a great game, and i rekomend it to everyone with the same interest as me (underwater themed) subnautica is a very fun game, kreativ mode is still a bit slow pased becouse you cant fly, implementing you want to build a base on the floating island. another thing about the island, and this i dont know if visibel with any other setting, but i play on the highest resolution and graphic type but you can-#spoiler warning# See the two observatorys on the two mountains #spoiler done#and that takes me to my next point, its not randomised! and i know it is early accses and all but i think some things can be exacly the same, like the island, but not the hole god damn map, it has to be randomized! and assign the different biomes to different places, anyway subnautica can be boring some times but there are always things to do, explore build your base bigger, fight a reaper or go deep sea diving for a sample of some of that koosh u can find. higly recomend it to everybody, if you have read this post to down here pleas leave a comment of what your favorit subnautica creature is and why, mine is the gasopod cus it looks like it has a focking gas mask on it, think of a dougong with a gas mask= epic"
76561198007917936,Recommended,264710,22893239,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Ghosrath,"Been playing this game for an odd 15hours now. Bought it on a whim when i saw Sips playing it on his channel and didn't think much of it at first. While browsing through my library I came across this game again and decided to give it a fair chance. I really shouldn't have done that, because now I can't stop playing..pros:- Great visuals- Good depth of gameplay- Really good sound design (i got really scared the first time i heard a reefback)- Good immersioncons:- Long loading time- Can get grindyOverall i would definately recommend this game to anyone who is into survival games"
,Recommended,264710,22932587,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,nera789,"Let me start off by saying that I absolutely love this game. It's unique, it's scary where it needs to be, it has amazing potential, and its fun.But I will say this:1. When you're only finding one type of fragment, it's hard to stay invested because you run out of things to do and goals to accomplish. As a sandbox game, I think this is pretty important because games like Minecraft with no specific ""end goal"" (other than waiting it out ten years to be rescued), people spend time playing them because they create goals themselves (building a big base, exploring, killing monsters, etc). If their tools become limited in their progression, they they hit a point of ""what do I do now""2. Like I said before, this game has amazing potential: it's a sandbox, alien world underwater game, and I'd like to say it's one of the first of it's kind. So all rules about what's in the ocean don't apply in this world.I remember in creative mode going down 10-5,000 meters where the map drops off and thinking how small I and my seamoth felt in the dark.Now, imagine if there was something down there-- 10,000 meters down-- 10x the size of the reaper leviathan--And you only see a shimmer of enormous scales pass in front of the very little light that your seamoth is giving off in this abyss. Or all you saw was the outline of teeth that those alone were bigger than your seamoth before you died.Imagine if there's creatures down there that interrupt or mess with your lights on your seamoth.Imagine if there were siren-like creatures.I probably would never, ever be able to venture down there in the game ever again LOL but I really feel that something like that would be a huge benefit to this game, immensely.And I really, really want to see it do well. Sales wise and popularity."
76561198037252624,Recommended,264710,22841267,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TheBlueRobotProduct,"I had a fear of the deep ocean.Now when I even drink from my Official Oceanographer Sippy Cup in my (spoilers!) mountain base, and look across the ocean around me...I still feel the stab of fear of that deep blue water. This game is one of the most anxiety-inducing gaming experiances ever, and with all that you find that makes you go 'Oh, cool! More please!' you will just find another layer of 'Oh ♥♥♥♥ No!' and try to swim away as fast as possible...before being promptly eaten and screaming in fear and rage all along the way.True terror isn't jumpscares, it's knowing that no matter what you do, no matter how fast you swim...in the ocean, you are at the *bottom* of the ♥♥♥♥ing food chain. You're scared and alone and -everything- down here may decide to ♥♥♥♥ing eat you.TLDR; this game gives ocean PTSD"
76561198271361391,Recommended,264710,22462144,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Nogger-Black,this game is fantastic looking and when you play it is fantastic recomended to thoose who even is scared of the ocean it can be scary at the night the devs add things at least something new every monthgood things about this game+graphics is fantasic and the sound you get that scary feeling when thoose reapers is near you+they are adding in story now the story is very good so far+the crafting is very simple+ you can explore so much+ the gathering of materialthings that i dont like- that you no longer vcan put solar panels on the cyclops- no fall damage- it is very much to build already but i always want to build more they should add more structures in the game- add more big fishes but not to big cuz the you will need an ultra pcthe things that i think is missing in this game is very small topics so dont focus on that to muchi would rate it 8.25/10 if it was a finished game why 8.25?? cuz i liked allmost all the things in this game but some more buildings was the thing that draw it down from 10 to 8.25it is a fantastic game you should buy this game and it dont cost to much so take the chancethey are adding things very often so i think its gonna be more to build in the future
76561198199574478,Recommended,264710,22462338,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,TheMans6969,I died 17 times in the first 5 minutes of the game.I think i explained it well enough.
,Recommended,264710,22749592,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,CoreZone,good buy game
76561198287944986,Recommended,264710,22723432,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,sonicmaster920,greatest game ever:) :)
,Recommended,264710,22430626,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Plappy,"Thank You,Cause the Ocean on Earthwasn't Scary Enough..."
,Recommended,264710,21860656,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,PhotoBrick,"This is probably my favorite survival game now. I absolutely love the vibrant colors of the ocean life and the ability to utilize it. The story is amazing, you can feel really immersed in finding a way off the planet and why you crashed there in the first place. i have an absoulte boner for this game."
,Recommended,264710,25644297,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,1st Boo On The Job,"A pretty well built game for early acess. Price is definitely good for the game. Load times are very long, though they will probably fix that in future updates. Creatures can be funny and terrifying at the same time, and there are lots of them. Graphics are nice though I don't have an adequate GPU, but still nice. Constant updates are a tad annoying when most times they make you restart your progress, but new gameplay elements are definitely worth it. Building mechanic is gratifying, though large bases use lots of power and tend to glitch the game. Sometimes things dissapear. Story is compelling and well written and worth its wait in gold. Game gets slightly dark after a certain point. When bugs occur they are usually minor, and are mostly out of place objects. Submarines are fun to drive as well as look at. Lots of craftable objects and tools. Scanner is fun to use, and really helps you get a good sense of the world you are quickly emersed in. This is a survival game so you'll die ALOT when you first start. Stellar and serious game overall, though slightly humorous. This game will emerse you in a wonderfully detailed underwater world that will leave you playing for hours on end. I reccomend this game and it is definitely worth your time and money."
76561198087460323,Recommended,264710,22648860,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Colrox_Life,I played this game:I forgot to have a dinnerI forgot to take a bathI even forgot it's bed time already
,Recommended,264710,19978091,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,xX_CaNCeR_Xx,"i like the game, a little slow at the beggining but it speeds up"
,Recommended,264710,20145112,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,A1R™,"i watched a good amount of letsplays and checked the updatehistory,had a look since release on steam  and ...... screw that, i just bought it.this guys know what they want, you can really feel this isnt just another standard fps survival clonethis game is just great and feels unique (even now you can see the love for details)devs sayd its more an scientific game and thats exactly how it feels.not much killing  (no lethal weapons) its more about explore the ocean the species and deal with the situation ! (without destroy your  environment)i am sure this game will be great at release. ( and i believe it will happen)its just feels right.other early access games sometimes arent that bad but lack on goals, progress, charismahere NOT (so far ;D)ps. glad this game is more comiclook-like... otherwise i would be terrified every 10min loli will play some more. have a look and edit if something big happens"
76561198104684067,Recommended,264710,18918966,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Jake From State Farm,I love this game its the best survival game ive played in quite some time its peaceful (at times) and a rather scary game (at times) i cannot recomend this game anymore love it ive done many playroughs and still enjoy it the only problem i could have is it does get updates on a monthy basis but it does get big updates and doesnt have many bugs great game and will always be a joy to play
,Recommended,264710,18973266,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Sirian,"A lot of fun, regular updates, sci fi and water! What's not to like?"
,Recommended,264710,17934338,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Pope,Game NEEDS multiplayer.One of the Best games I've playedVery EnjoyableLOVE ITMULTIPLAYER MULTIPLAYER MULTIPLAYER!
,Recommended,264710,31079608,Posted: 11 April,all,Professor Sars,"Hands-down the best early-access game I've bought to date. I've played other survival crafting games from Ark to 7 Days to Die and I would have to say that the other games can't compete with Subnautica in any aspect other than the fact that the other games are multiplayer. The crafting system is intuitive and doesn't force you to complete a bunch of silly gimmicks to gather resources and build things. You may not be building massive sprawling Minecraftian replicas of the Sistene Chapel underwater, but you will be building just what you need to survive. Survival is pretty fair and balanced with food and hunger not too difficult to manage. That being said, survival is not easy in this game. It's not officially a survival horror game but this game is very good at always reminding you that you are a puny fish in a very big sea full of critters that are much bigger, much faster, much stronger, and much hungrier than you are. The creatures in the game are varied, creative, beautiful/terrifying, and have a solid AI. Over time you learn which to avoid and how to avoid them so you're not going to get randomly instagibbed by a hyper-fast alpha like Ark, but you need to always on your guard and aware of your surroundings. Part of that is listening. This game absolutely nails sound design. From the unique sounds that the different creatures make to the absolutely fantastic soundtrack, I haven't been to immersed in the sounds of a game since Metroid Prime. Visually, the game is a cut above the rest. No more 50 shades of brown like Ark and 7 Days. Everything has colour in this game and the game does a great job giving you visual queues through colour. I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who likes survival, crafting, exploration, and marine biology."
,Recommended,264710,17048285,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,or,beatiful game worth the money but they really need to add room finding it hard to find space in tubes for a lockerEDIT: okay they added it ages ago now so yeh best game 10/10 ign buy now get one free
,Recommended,264710,27780598,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kain42link42,You can play this game again and again.
76561198011134926,Recommended,264710,31051963,Posted: 9 April,all,dirty,"I really absolutely love this game, I truly do. It's pretty much spectacular and is only missing one key ingredient that I believe would really take it to the next level....Multiplayer.I know, I know, devs have said it'll never happen and I'm sad to hear that truthfully because of all games I've played, this one is the one I really truly want to experience with friends. I'd love to setup a base and explore with some friends... but I can't do that.I'm torn on this review because honestly, it's a brilliant game but the lack of multiplayer kills me... I just don't really even care to play anymore unless I can have friends join in on the fun with me at some point..Even a local co-op would be better than nothing... sigh. Anything."
,Recommended,264710,17145374,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Cmdr.Cameron,awsome game. it is fun and hopefully muiltplayer will be implemented soon 8.5/10
,Recommended,264710,17216371,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Inquisitor Ruk,This game is absolutly beautiful. Sure it's still early access but as it is it's pretty good. This game is already amazing and has a massive amount of potential. Please keep working on this and please keep coming out with more updates.
76561198047391040,Recommended,264710,17310176,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,C0ntr1ve,Insanley fun I lose track of time so easily and really dont care if i do.
,Recommended,264710,17674827,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,djreal480,This game is actually pretty bad♥♥♥♥
76561198085490473,Recommended,264710,17462499,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,BittenBone,one of my favorite games to play i recomend everyone to play it and if you get bored there is cheats so yeah
,Recommended,264710,17464054,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Alex,"I was swimming around looking for quartz when I noticed a giant squid monster, while looking at it I got molested by 3 Spooky Sharks.10/10"
76561198038077947,Recommended,264710,17343326,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Dylan0914,tldr: I love this gameProsWide selection of creatures and animalsVery colorfulfun gameplayair of mysteryConsShould have multiplayersome glitchesOverall I love this game and recomend it to anyone who like survival games
76561198198060827,Recommended,264710,16855703,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,xXRoaring_GiraffeXx,This is like stranded deep but for the younger versionThis is for 8+ ages in my opinion
,Recommended,264710,25948356,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Hapu,"One of the best open-world survival games I've ever played!Has some minor bugs and graphical glitches, but it's still Early Access.I have now played this for over 23 hours and still haven't unlocked all the content it has to offer!EDIT: I just tried this using my Oculus Rift CV1 and the game seems quite laggy, even too laggy to be comfortably played in VR. Specs: i7-3770K, GTX 1080, 16 GB RAM."
,Recommended,264710,29575137,Posted: 29 January,all,TheJediKnight_YT,"Hello there I really enjoy playing subnatica, but what would make it even better If you add multiyplayer"
76561198053274659,Recommended,264710,29115223,Posted: 8 January,all,Batesie,"Brilliant game, well worth the money. Survival mode offers a real challenge and the world looks beautiful."
,Recommended,264710,29384867,Posted: 20 January,all,CarterNova,"This game is perfect in my opinion. Everything that has been added and done has been well thought out. Building is fun, quick and easy. Unlike most games, you dont really have to grind for hours upon hours. This keeps the game fun and enjoyable. Even the grinding in this game is fun!But it has 1 major issue. Performance. This game is very hard to run at good frames, much less maintain at decent frames. Though im sure they must know this and are probably working to resolve it. On the plus side, the performance does not keep you from playing/. It just keeps you from fully enjoying it.Good job Dev team, keep up the great work and I'm excited to put more hours into this."
76561198288591485,Recommended,264710,28833339,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Porohugger | gamekit.com,"Subnautica is a beutifal and well made game, though lots of computers run this quite badly. Only install with a fast CPU"
76561198105002768,Recommended,264710,29278904,Posted: 15 January,all,Squilliam,YES
76561198024227562,Recommended,264710,29292360,Posted: 16 January,all,Basil Fawlty,"I am a hugefan of resource management games with a twist and this delivers in spades. You start off on a water planet with just a few items to your name, you have to explore, conquer your fear and master technologies that you discover while diving deeper and deeper into both the waters and origion of the planet.The backstory is  intricate and finely crafted while the tech trees breath life into this underwater survival game. In the beginning the shallows are all you can endure, but in time you can build your own bases, submersibles and try to conquer the planet itself.Graphics and Sound are of course awesome."
76561198279727513,Recommended,264710,29263704,Posted: 14 January,all,CripTIC StanWycK,Wish it had multiplayer
,Recommended,264710,29861558,Posted: 11 February,all,nordlawz,"One of the coolest games I've ever played. Playing it for the first time felt like I'd never get done exploring the map (awesome map so far, by the way) and discovering everything. Even in creative, exploring is still just as fun. Tons of stuff to do if you like survival sandbox games, and the game's wiki website is your friend if you don't mind spoilers. The only downside for me is FPS problems and occasional crashes, though it's totally worth it anyway."
76561198353475111,Recommended,264710,29744009,Posted: 6 February,all,Fermac_123,Completely worth 15 pounds it is such a great gameWith constant updates and tweaks
76561198022530649,Recommended,264710,29720202,Posted: 5 February,all,Red'Z,"I love and hate this game at the same time, in a good way.It is beautiful, brilliant and interesting, yet terrifying for a person who is afraid to swim in a swimming pool.For an early access game this is already a very good game. I've encountered some small bugs, but nothing that would somehow disturb the gameplay.Above all, I was positively surprised of how well Subnautica runs on my fairly old computer, which doesn't meet with the graphic requirements, not even close. Even with the minimun settings the game looks absolutely stunning and has never crashed!Great game! I would recommend it for anyone who likes open world survival, exploration and crafting!"
76561198173931709,Recommended,264710,29701472,Posted: 4 February,all,Panji,"This game its an amazing Early Access game, the last great EA game i saw was Rust back in the day. This game will Scare you and creep you sometimes because it makes you understand how big is the ocean in our world and how much we need to explore and because of the monster noises. I expect a lot from this game with more optimazation and more items and monsters to be added. Now for the Pros and Cons:Pros:Awesome ExperienceUnderwater Building SurvivalAwesome ExplorationA lot of things to craft explore and doBeautiful GraphicsThe fact that you have to explore and live in an alien planetMonsters to fight, BIG monsters heheSo far an amazing storyI dont think you need a monster PC to run this(Mine: GTX 750 with Intel i5 and im playing with 50-60 fps with the recommended settings)Cons:Needs more optimazationCrashes (not a lot but still :/)BRING MORE STORY :P(If its complete tell me because i didnt get a message in 100 days and im still waiting)Will creep you out sometimes(Maybe not)I wish i could take the aurora and fly :Pand bugs we all know EA games have bugsThis is the only Cons i have found until now. I might update this review if i find something else i only have 8 hours after all.If you are not sure yet i recommend you to watch some videos from youtubers and then buying the game(if you have the ability to play ofc)"
,Recommended,264710,27041597,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Karise,"I never knew I was afraid of the water until I started playing Subnautica. This game offers survival and exploration in a beautiful, eerie aquatic alien world. With large updates approximately once a month and developers who listen to the community, this is an early access title that's definitely worth picking up."
76561198015497738,Recommended,264710,26671002,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,265lutab,Great game. I really enjoyed it!
76561198169417727,Recommended,264710,26595804,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Blade,the game is nice but a good deal glichy even with the RECOMMENDED or better set up.need new or better info so the game dose not keep crashing on me.
,Recommended,264710,28365711,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shiro,"Definatly a cool game. Updates fairly regularly, but its a great game with dedicated developers. To be honest i just wrote this review for the steam task."
,Recommended,264710,28488936,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,DrewPleGaming,"The game is AWESOME ! the best game i have ever played ! there are a few bugs, but keep it going developers !"
76561198041069045,Recommended,264710,28492945,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,thaneofthunder,Beautiful yet terrifying. Reminds me of my first time playing Metroid Prime!
76561198294319727,Recommended,264710,29256943,Posted: 14 January,all,alisibug,this game is amazing defiently get it the story line is epic and they put so much effort in to the game so many places to explore again get this game ITS AMAZING SO FUN
76561198180715274,Recommended,264710,28969619,Posted: 3 January,all,Garythewhale,this is truly one of the greatest games i have ever expirienced
,Recommended,264710,28831222,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,sceasary,"While still in development, has some bugs and crashes...It is still the best gaming experience I had in years!An open world of beautiful aquatic vistas, where you fight to survive. With time and experimentation, you develop a massive set of tools, vehicles and habitats. A compelling story folds with each data pad you find. Aliens, galactic corporations, futuristic sociology and lots of humor (and horror) are just the background of this game. what a fun ride. The most prominent feature is it's thought evoking: 3D printers? Morality of killing the innocent to prevent disease? Going vegan?Cons: bugs, crashes and you can't sleep at all (no, the power nap is not a sleep)Pros: Fun, interesting, challenging and beautiful"
76561198081657838,Recommended,264710,28771752,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Onion Candlelight101,"Takes a little while to get into it, but once you figure out what you're doing it picks up and is fun"
76561198121399745,Recommended,264710,28773197,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,noTuX,"I really enjoy the game, but it crashes quite often.  I have a pretty beefy computer, but I get massive frame rate drops as well.  I've gotten to the point where I can't really play it anymore.  I have to wait for the next update and hope the devs fix the instability issues."
,Recommended,264710,28786820,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Durwe,"Subnautica is a fantastic survival game! Though its good to know that is has no multiplayer mode. It is a singleplayer.The game can sometimes be quite laggy, while it is not the grafics card that can't handle it.Price:I think, according to my experience, it is not worth the full price. So you better buy Subnautica during a steamsale.Pros:- It is an Early Access Game. So a lot of updates will make the game way more awesome.- Subnautica supports VR.- The grafics are super realistic. (At this time)- There are some nice jumpscares in the story.- The vehicles are great.Cons:- Game can sometimes be laggy. (Which is not caused by the grafics card)- The game has no multiplayer mode. So dont buy it if you like to play with friends."
,Recommended,264710,27781017,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DGtram,"""Don't Fear the Reaper""Yes, you should"
,Recommended,264710,28398117,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,PennerG,"I really love this game (this review is in early access) it has great graphics, you can run it on a potato, and for the quality your paying a reasonable price. If you like survival games, this game is for you. If you have a fear of the ocean you might almost think that this is a horror game but over time you get used to it (I did).Overall I definitely recommend this game :) (can't wait for full release)"
76561198113289479,Recommended,264710,26542141,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Anaphasis,"Personally I am horrified by horror games and Subnautica is nothing more than ""a horror game in disguise"" (said by Syy) but I love this game and it's only early access but it has so much to offer in different kind of playing styles (survival/creative/hardcore/freedom). There are even commands to give items with or change gamemode with, which are easy to remember and require no hacking.Make sure to buy this game during a longer weekend or holiday because you are going to get addicted! Highly recommended.PS.: You are a scientist not a killer c:"
76561197995645539,Recommended,264710,27058351,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Igloo,"I still never have enough time to play this game as much as i'd like.  I started a game in survival mode and as it's early access i lost a bit of stuff with a few of the updates - it's no big deal as that's part and parcel of early access.I'm playing in survival which is good and bad.  I like having to eat and drink and keep healthy as it's a fun part of the game.  I also don't like having to eat and drink and keep healthy as it's a very time-consuming part of the game.  If it bothered me that much, i'd play a free-play mode where i don't have to worry about that, but i think having to find everything to eat and keep me alive is still a great part of the game.Sure, as i develop my character, it will get easier to grow and harvest food etc. but overall i'm happy with the way it's playing out.Pro's and con's?  I love the whole concept of the game, so that's a big bonus for me.  I played FarSky and was a bit dissappointed when i completed it after 7 or so hours.  I like that there's not much to complete here, just go with what you want, build and explore how you want.  My graphics card is a little underpowered for this game so i've had to dial back the prettyness to give me a smooth playing experience, which is not really a flaw of the game.  The initial load time is quite frustrating, but i liked the update where they gave you an indication of the loading so you didn't think that your computer had crashed.  I see that it's in my VR list of games (not that i have VR) and i think that this game will be especially good in VR, but that's just my thoughts/hopes.I'd recommend this game if you like underwater stuff, crafting and survival-type games, there's not much in the way of combat (well, not the last time i played it, newer updates may change that) which can be good or bad, depending on your point of view.  I don't think of it as a quick pick-up-and-play for 10 minutes at a time game, more of an hour or so at a time, so make sure you have the time to put in as it will soon mount up!"
76561198052625457,Recommended,264710,26631403,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Hillbilly Gamer,I love survival/sandbox/craftibg games a whole lot. But iv been burnt out from The zombie ones and rustesk ones lately.Then i found Subnautica and by god what a good change of pase this Was.  I recomend it 100% if You like me like thees kind of games.
76561198056324710,Recommended,264710,26633131,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Smokefall,"Firstly, this game is absolutely beautiful. With regular updates to keep our interest piqued, there is always new content to be explored. Whether you want to spend your days exploring a vase ocean and discovering it's stories and secrets or building a fortress at the bottom of the ocean, on the floating islands or in a cave this game offers countless hours of stunning graphics and entertainment.The gameplay itself is as easy or difficult as you want it to be. Starting out isn't too difficult but it provides enough grind to give you the feeling of advancement and great satisfaction when you finally craft your first base. As you progress in the game you'll discover a myriad of underwater biomes to explore, each with their own set of challenges, so don't forget to stock up and prepare if you go adventuring!There is also a satisfying amount of personalisation involved with this game; A Howl's-Moving-Castle based pink Cyclops with an innapropreate name and lockers full of peepers? Sorted. A huge sea-base with a bedrom, study, greenhouse and fishtank? Consider it done. A mastermind's lair with sprawling labs filled with whirring machines and odd contraptions? Calm down there Dexter. Underwater Farm? ...You get the point.The game fits in well with lifestyle as well. You can sink an afternoon into it or play 15 minutes as you wait for a friend to arrive (and then another 15 as you tell them about how amazing the game is). I would definetly reccommend this game to amyone who is looking for a fresh new game to get them back into gaming or a seasoned veteran looking for something a little bit different."
76561198006642584,Recommended,264710,28294929,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,codewright,"Absolutely stunning game! It may seem like known survival elements dressed in a new setting, but it is so much more than that. It justfeelsright - the game creates an atmosphere that is very unique and immersive. The world is beautiful and threatening at the same time. After you learn the basics of survival, you start to explore, but with limited oxygen you can unpuzzle so much with every dive. I'd definitely recommend it to anybody looking for a fresh and surprisingly polished take at the survival and exploration genre."
76561198273681370,Recommended,264710,28300951,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,RockingtonTheThird-CNA-118,This is a great game with amazing graphics and nimation.
76561198097036783,Recommended,264710,27891285,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Deadllama,"Subnautica is one of the most expansive and amazing games I have ever played. The soundtrack compliments the alien terrain and terrifying (and not-so terrifying) creatures. The developers are dedicated, releasing an update to their experimental branch almost daily. If you're looking for an open-world game where exploration is key, then Subnautica is for you.NOTE: If you purchase the game now, you might not enjoy the story as much during ful release."
,Recommended,264710,31192592,Posted: 16 April,all,Unforgiving,"Love this game, can't wait for it to be fully complete!"
76561198115620652,Recommended,264710,28939622,Posted: 2 January,all,FAEZ | weasel_fucker89,"My experiense with subnautica has been both good and bad so far. It is faar from a finished game with bugs and glitches everywhere, i even had to start over again recently and lost 2 hours of work. When i wanted to quit the game it crashed and when i started it again everything i had done and acomplished was gone. This destroyed the game for me as i dont feel safe playing it when i know it can crash at any time. It is a wonderful game tho, i completely love it, from the artstyle to all the scary mosters in the depths its the perfect underwater survival game. It has much more to ofer for me then what i have done in the game, i have just barely scraped the surface of what this game has to ofer. But the fact that i had to start all over again killed the game for me as i said.Conclution: A really good game but far from finished."
,Recommended,264710,29530399,Posted: 27 January,all,Leinad,"blub blub blub, Bathophobia sounds silly until you get stuck in this deep dark tub"
,Recommended,264710,26251837,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Deagle McGee,this game would be awsome if it had mp
76561198036412915,Recommended,264710,29047930,Posted: 5 January,all,Wildcase.com Baba Gnoush,"This game is really good, I like the graphics and it is scary at times. Definatly worth the money."
,Recommended,264710,29048633,Posted: 5 January,all,sam.exe.bin,"Very expansive game, planned to even expand a lot more. very dedicated devs always working on fixing bugs and adding more. You can build bases, collect all specimens, research the planet, explore everything, survive, chillax in the realistic environments with the fish AI, or even just play around with commands. Even more of a horror game than FnAF, and as beautiful as Abzu or The Witness. Super cool sci-fi fun with lots to do and a minor story to boot.10.5/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the inside of my mechsuit againrecommendation: steer away from this if you have less than 3.0 ghz processor and like 6-7 Gb of ram. if you meet those and have issues use the graphics code from the dev bugfix thread. Be careful please! I also recommend turning graphics only to recommended setting and not turning the water up to full."
,Recommended,264710,29095354,Posted: 7 January,all,Anton J,good
,Recommended,264710,29125336,Posted: 8 January,all,quest.munkelt,Great but when i get close to the arora 1 go frome 60 fps to about 20 but it has a great story and even better graphics
76561197981199435,Recommended,264710,28391062,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Radmain,"This is an awesome survival game, unless you drown."
76561198065698979,Recommended,264710,28881053,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TheDanadyAndy,Best drowning simulater out.
,Recommended,264710,29264834,Posted: 14 January,all,Watervsfire,"game made me barf (literally) from the get go. HAS NO WARNING TO SIT DOWN WHILE USING VIVE HEADSET. the closed space you start the game in, will mess with your brains navigation. DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME STANDING UPGame otherwise, is greatto the developer. I recommend you put a warning in ASAP alerting users emersed into the headset, to set down before playing the game"
,Recommended,264710,29265556,Posted: 14 January,all,ULTB,"This by far is my most favorit game i have played in a relly long time i own this on xbox and on steam if you want a nice engaging game that is constantly updating or a grate game for vr i would recomend this. I do play it from a crappy laptop that maked it run slow but even in the lowest settings the game looks betifull. This is also a graet game for youtube it has grown my chanel allown by maby 10 15 subs since i started playing it in december. so if you are into VR, Ocean/Underwater Adventure, Adventuer,Or good gamed i would envest the game now and check out my youtube chanel SupperMcgamer_"
76561198086324511,Recommended,264710,29283644,Posted: 15 January,all,Toyman,nice and relaxing game
,Recommended,264710,29307242,Posted: 16 January,all,{Geekz}SpoopyMaxusthebeast,"Instead of doing a normal review like most people, (since I'm not normal) I am going to do a top 5 scariest moments in this game. 5 being the lowest, and 1 being the scariest. WARNING! Possible spoilers ahead! With that being said, lets get into it!5. As a begginning player, the Creepvine Forest biome is a terrifying place to be. However, I knew I needed resources inside of it so I hopped out of my escape pod, grabbed my seaglide, and headed twards the danger zone. Once I enter, three stalkers greet me. I was able to outswim them and get on with gathering resources. I noticed a hunk of rock that may be a metal I need. I headed down and suddenly, a little leech like thing grabs my arm! I scream (jumpscare) and mash every button on my keyboard until finally, the thing gets off. Not the scariest but it did scare me.4. Just after creating my seamoth submarine, I saw a large cave opening. I headed into it. There were multiple smaller entry holes that I had to squeeze through. Turns out, just getting through to the top of the cave system exceeds the seamoth's depth limit. The sub began to shake and made strange noises. It blew up and I couldn't find the exit to the cave I was in. Nothing but giant, glowing mushrooms. I realized I was going to drown if I didn't get out of there fast so I had to go over one of the mushrooms. Apparantly, a Crab Snake was living inside it. It grabbed me and gave me one of the worst jumpscares. (Or best considering my reaction was priceless) Finally managed to make it out of the cave with 23% O2 left and 11 HP left. Word of advice, ONLY go down to the Jelly Shroom cave biome if you have the right vehicle for it.3. I heard from a friend who plays that one of the only ways to get a certian fragment was to travel to a biome known as the Dunes. So with vague knowledge of that biome, I jumped into my (New) seamoth and sped off. Once I approached the biome, large chunks of rocks blocked my path and then it evened out. There was nothing but sand in all direction with the occasional sand shark. I said to myself ""Hmm. This isn't so bad!"" Then night came. Just pure silence. No music. Nothing. I began to feel a bit creeped out. Suddenly a creature known as the Reaper Leviathan grappled onto my Seamoth. HUGE JUMPSCARE! I was freaking out at this point. It was the loudest you will ever hear me scream! Managed to get away with 35 percent on my seamoth. Going to the dunes now still makes me shudder.2. I was in the Deep Grand Reef. I found a cool abandoned structure (Avoiding as many spoilers as possible) I really wanted to check out said building. Unfortunatly, a creature called a Crab Squid was in the way. Turns out there were four of them. I knew at this point I had to find another way around. I found a little opening that would lead me to right below the hill the building was on. Suddenly I hear a noise behind me. I turn around to see an effing warper behind me! I punch it in the face (Like a boss!) and it warps away. Whew. Turn around again. Crab Squid staring me down from 2 inches away. Scream my lungs out and punch it. (Chewie) I HATE warpers now more than ever.1. In curiosity (and because I didn't know what else to do) I decided to travel to the famed Inactive Lava Zone. (With a name like that, nothing could EVER go wrong) After 5-10 minutes of falling and walking on solid lava, I reach the point where I see real lava! I realize I'm here and do a little victory dance. I see a stingray like creature that fortuneatly does not want to kill me. Soon I hear a really loud roar! What the heck could have made that noise?!?!?!?? Suddenly tentacles! I am too scared to move off the platform I am standing on. Next, a warper teleports me out of the PRAWN suit. The water is burning my character up and I know i have to run quickly back to my suit. Suddenly, a HUGE sea monster called the Sea Dragon swims at me shooting fire at the warper. It flees and allowing me to get back to the PRAWN suit. Sadly, now the Dragon is focused on me. It shoots more fire at me. I am terrified. I made it out alive (somehow) and dodged a reaper on the way back to my base. I have never been so happy to see a reaper in my life.In conclusion, Subnautica is an amazing game that everyone should enjoy! Each time I think back on these experiences, I feel really cool that I survived these crazy encounters. The game itself is beautiful and each biome feels like it has its own ecosystem! It really feels like you are inside an alien ocean. I would give this game a 10/10. Best early access title ever!(Sadly not sponsored)"
76561198183872658,Recommended,264710,29258013,Posted: 14 January,all,*DEADPOOL*AKA*FransDercksen,This game is awsome.Can anyone tell me when the new submarines wil be added to the game
76561198045666008,Recommended,264710,28946660,Posted: 2 January,all,PINGVIINER,One of the best exploration games i have played!Bought it in the early stages and it has come far since.Very active dev. team with regular updates that introduce new aspects to the game.
76561198082107683,Recommended,264710,28966724,Posted: 2 January,all,xXx_i'mgay_xXx,"Amazing game, the fact that it is an alien planet in the future is the main reason it can do well as an underwater game, because too many underwater survival games are way too hard because they are too realistic. As of 2017 it is still in development but major updates come every few months. The story is still developing but it is already fantastic as it is. I can't wait to see the final product."
76561198176215091,Recommended,264710,27939261,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Felkyneye,"This game is stunningly beautiful - I can simply get lost in here for hours. The sense of floating through a colourful and vibrant world unlike any game world I've experienced before, is sublime. When I can't get out for a dive in the real world (I love diving) then this is definitely the next best thing. I've caught myself just admiring the varied flora and fauna until I'm out of breath and almost dying, it really is gorgeous.Now onto specifics:FUN FACTOR: Good fun - but it's a slow burner. The struggle to survive can be daunting and repetitive to begin with, even tough, but once you start building a base and vehicles, it becomes an amazingly fun experience exploring everywhere and finding everything.GRAPHICS: Wow. Just. Wow. The colourful creatures, and widely varied biomes are all beautiful. Spot on for me.SOUND: Like the graphics, just amazing. They've clearly put a lot of work into getting the ambiance right, both visually and aurally. There's nothing like the relaxing sounds of underwater life split by the call of something big and scary sounding - that first deep open water swim still sets my heart racing.GAMEPLAY: Again, spot on - interfaces are clear, easily navigable and sensible. Movement is sensitive and realistic. Vehicles have just the right amount of difficulty in manoeuvring through the environment. There's heaps to see, and a real sense of accomplishment that builds as you explore, find new things, and traverse new environments. Basebuilding is pretty simple, and enjoyable, with a fair amount of customisation. Bugs are few and far between, this is a pretty full game as is, but there's a lot more to come.REPLAYABILITY: Here's where the game falls down a little. Once it's been played once, fully explored, and a self-sufficient base built, there's not much else to do. At this point there's no ending, and no ultimate goal to accomplish. However, there is talk that something will be added, and they are adding new content and biomes regularly. There's also limitations to where you can go, and how far, and there's a mystery or two which can't be reached at this stage. That said though, there's hours of gameplay before you run out, and I am just about to go back to play some more after a few months break, so that's a good sign.TL;DR: In conclusion, I LOVE this game. Brilliant graphics and sound combine with an amazingly diverse underwater world to explore. Excellent and intuitive controls and gameplay make this a must have for any open world survival fan. It's also so different to others out there, it's just brilliant. However, it isn't massive, with limited replayability at this stage. I still highly recommend it to anyone who loves exploring a new, diverse, and challenging world.This seems to me what EA should be all about."
76561198134207275,Recommended,264710,26316640,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Killerdragonite123,"Best Game I've the survival genre, but theres a problem I have. It crashes in the new patch. I'd still recommend the game to anyone who loves a good ol' survival, base building and exploration game, but plz fix the problem where the game crashes."
,Recommended,264710,29264638,Posted: 14 January,all,person 136,this game is f**king fun
,Recommended,264710,29265059,Posted: 14 January,all,Omnipotent,it is an interesting game
76561198049895852,Recommended,264710,26083950,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Tonysteelx,"A very good game, when I found out about this game I watched Markiplier play it and it looked extremely fun. It's like no other survial game I've played its well thought out and emersive. Having to find items to craft into things that you need to explore more, actually planning on where to go how much time you have, and wondering if anything is creeping out behind you. I really recommend it to anybody looking for an excellent indie that can easily be a triple A game."
,Recommended,264710,29616247,Posted: 31 January,all,Dude Lebowski,"Subnautica isnt even finished yet, but it already belongs to my Favorites!First of all, there are many Early Access Survival Games in the Steam Shop, but Subnautica is unique in a very positive way:First of all, Subnautica is a Singleplayer-Survival Game with a real deep yet unfinished Story that is really catchy - I won´t spoiler anything, but let me say the Devs really had a good sense of creating a unique atmosphere.Let me set this straight: If you are looking for a peaceful Underwatergame to relax, you are at the wrongest place you could be.I bought it for that reason and boy, I´ve never been so wrong - Subnautica is some kind of HorrorGame, but i still would totally recommend it, although I´m not really into that genre.You crash on an alien underwater planet, you are completely alone and everything has already happened, you gather pieces of the planet's backstory and try to stay alive and get off this freakin' planet.Besides the catchy storyline and the horrors that lurk in the depths, Subnautica offers various Biomes which differ in flora, fauna and music, which all together fits perfectly in every area.There are only a few bugs and performance issues, which is just remarkable for a Game at this Early Stage!You can watch almost every step of the development on Trello, get in touch with the Devs and suggest your own ideas. The Community and motivation of the Devs is overwhelming and will pretty sure lead to an excellent finished gaming experience.10 / 10 StarsDefinetly would buy againMost likely need to buy VR Googles for this one sooner or later cuz it really got me"
,Recommended,264710,25974871,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,(ISIG) Legoguy9875,"Subnautica is easily one of the best games I've played this year, and serves as a fantastic example of how an Early Access game should work; giving the players access to behind the scenes content and allowing them to give full feedback, as well as having active updates in both the normal and experimental builds of the game. New players should keep in mind that they can easily get spoiled of upcoming features should they decide to look deeper into what is planned for the game up to release; Subnautica is best played with no prior knowledge aside from what is shown in promtional material, as the surprise of everything is what makes this game work best, especially with how story driven it is compared to other similar games on the market.That's not to say that the game isn't fun on its own merits. Fans of games like Minecraft, ARK, or The Forest will feel right at home here with this game's crafting and progression elements. It feels incredibly satisfying to get the parts you need to build the next big item, and it feels just as much so to upgrade those items to make them bigger and better.That said, however, I think that it's best to wait on playing this until at least November-December, when the world is predicted to be close to completion. By the point, all of the main areas will be fully fleshed out, all of the major creatures and landmarks will be added in, and the game will be more stable, since after that point, the only major update remaining will be the story mode. If you decide to play this now, you will more than likely do everything that the game has to offer currently by the time the major world updates are rolled out. I'm in no way saying that there isn't much to do now; my total hours can say that much. I'm just saying that it's better to have your first playthrough be with the full package rather than a 90% complete package."
76561198181575682,Recommended,264710,30158264,Posted: 24 February,all,Dr.Peppermint,"Wow... Ok. so you search steam left and right for the perfect survival game. Theres the enjoyable ""The Forest"" and the loved ""Stranded Deep."" But what about an... underwater survival game? What about... the far future? Aliens? Unknown life forms? Yep. All right here in Subnautica. You're stranded in a strange ocean on another planet. No islands. Gather resources to build bases, tools, submarines, weapons, terra forming stuff, etc. How far will you and your lifepod make it?"
,Recommended,264710,20902428,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,S O I Y A,">spawn>swim around the coral reef>find a wierd bulb sticking out of a rock>bulb spits out a screaming fish at me>fish explodes>i explode>quit game>cry10/10 would get PTSD from entering a bath tub againSeriously though, this game is amazing. The sheer open space is so intimidating. There is a lot to do, and it is still an early acces game! However, I don't know I will ever be able to enter deep waters irl again, after hearing that Reaper Leviathan's roar. Nope. Never.One thing though, I don't know if the non-lethal approach is permament, but please, SOMETHING other than the shortranged impulse, something else than the shortranged knife that is useless with the stasis rifle, and that thing is really a pain to get..."
,Recommended,264710,24230367,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,MaelStrom,so far really goodEDIT//DONT BE FOOLEDTHIS GAME CAN BE HORRIFICbut oh god its good 0.O
76561197972331223,Recommended,264710,30206302,Posted: 26 February,all,Pandion,"I like this game and I do recommend it if you are only interested in single player. It is very well done and the work they continue to produce is incredible. However, I purchased under the pretense that there would be multiplayer, very early posting said it was planned. Since multiplayer/co-op is now out of the picture for good I have no interest. I like open world survival games but to me they are meant to be played with friends, much more fun. I am all for a single player campaign if there is a story with a beginning, middle and an end. The game is quite good but without multiplayer/co-op it is just not for me.."
76561198188139026,Recommended,264710,30086518,Posted: 21 February,all,Komoedica,"Hello . Subnautica very high quality simulator of survival in the open sea after a spaceship crash. In this game, the presentation of different kinds of flora and fauna. Despite the high technology that is available to the hero survive very difficult. But it is also possible to note some bugs of the game but it is so and doolzhno be because this game is in development. In my opinion this is the best game of survival in the ocean. I advise everyone !!!!"
,Recommended,264710,29720855,Posted: 5 February,all,dazulu,"Having so much fun with this. It's beautiful, mysterious, and I haven't run out of things to do yet AND it's early access. The attention to detail in the things you can build is up there with the best of them. Possibly one of the best. I'm also loving how you can interact with objects directly in the game without bringing up separate menus.This is tight for early access. Sure there are occasional crashes but that's going to happen during massive development of a new game while you're sorting out optimisation and your engine tweaks."
,Recommended,264710,27474904,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mayron,"Another sandbox survival game, but this time with a quite unique setting. Explore the sea of an unknown planet, gather resources, build an underwater base, avoid or combat creatures. Still an early development stage but even now it's a nice and fascinating experience."
76561198015426353,Recommended,264710,29835991,Posted: 10 February,all,vyse102,"If you can only run it on minimum settings, I wouldn't buy it - YET.Certain biomes, like the grand reef and the mountainous regions, freeze the game irrevocably. I have two saves, one with 15+ hours and the other with 24+, and both of them are completely frozen. I'll be watching this game for future updates to see if they make it more feasible for players like me to finish it."
76561198081451364,Recommended,264710,29757753,Posted: 7 February,all,LoonyLadle,"""Underwater Minecraft!""Alas, no. Unlike Minecraft the gameworld in Subnautica is fairly small and lacks procedural generation. The base building aspect is so shallow and arduous that you can pretty much forget about building the underwater castle of your dreams. Fortunately for us all Subnautica isn't really like Minecraft at all, and if that's what you're looking for then you will not find it here. The comparison is so false that I will not mention Minecraft again for the rest of this review.Subnautica is a currently-and-probably-will-remain-so-single-player underwater survival-escape game. You are crash-landed onto a hostile water planet rich in natural resources and you have to carve out a niche for yourself that'll let you survive just long enough for you to escape. In the game's current early access state, the ""escape"" part of that plan isn't implemented yet. The plot is also missing, though with the oh-so-helpful community spoilering every on the wiki we can easily piece together the eventual plot. What is the plot, you ask? Well...In my early days of playing the unmentionable block-building game, I had a crappy computer. I had to play with the fog turned all the way up, so I could barely see in front of my face and could never tell when monsters were about to grab and eat my face. This is also the core experience of Subnautica; the game derives its tension from its well-deserved fear of the darkness and unknown. While not intended as such it is a very effective horror game and, like a horror game, the best way to ruin the effect is for you to know exactly what's going on. You will have to dive into the depths of the game world, again and again, because progressing in the game requires you to find resources and blueprints in order to dive deeper and deeper until you can finally figure out what's going on.I'm not a graphics nerd, but even I find myself wondered by the sights and sounds of Subnautica. It is a strange and beautiful shimmering world that will boggle your eyeballs. A friend who is a graphics nerd tells me the textures are low-resolution, but ♥♥♥♥ him, this game looks great and if you disagree then there is something wrong with you.In closing, this isn't the underwater Mine- er, survival-building I was looking for, but I am glad I gave it a look. The game is worth it for the atmosphere alone. Just please do not be one of those people who screams for multiplayer. This game has a very single player design philosophy and any attempt to shoehorn in multiplayer will ruin the carefully crafted experience that has been laid out for you."
,Recommended,264710,29819423,Posted: 10 February,all,Wizerdo,Amazing game with a nice feel to it and good graphics.
,Recommended,264710,30098765,Posted: 22 February,all,Woogles,Good game IGN 10/10 played more than I probably should have though
76561198262171006,Recommended,264710,26202436,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,BlazeBoy,"very, Very, VERY FUN!! its in early access at the moment so there isn't TOO much to do, i have like 30 hrs on it tho and i'm almost done, tons of stuff to be added, amazing game and a must have!"
76561198144935274,Recommended,264710,26251475,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,nathanhorden,WHO LIVES IN A PINEAPPLE UNDER THE SEA?Shut up Carl!!Do you want to build a seabase?Shut the f**k up Carl!
,Recommended,264710,29925538,Posted: 14 February,all,abvdo999,I've never liked survival games and I hate the ocean but this game is amazing!My pc is very weak so my fps never goes above 20-30 and often goes under 1 but I can't stop playing this masterpiece!10/10 recommend!
,Recommended,264710,26361295,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ChaosDMG,"Seems fun, but will wait for autosave before trying again.  Game crash and you dont always remember to save often (even quiting doesnt autosave)."
76561198210072159,Recommended,264710,29637122,Posted: 1 February,all,Sir Tod,"Need a vacation from earth? Dive into Subnautica. Explore a vast alien planet, build, craft, and fight off creatures big and small, go for a swim in the deep, dark ocean...and try not to be eaten."
76561198294603352,Recommended,264710,29640253,Posted: 1 February,all,GOTGAME,ITS A GREAT GAME BUT I CANT EVEN START A WORLD BECAUSE IT FREEZES MY COMPUTER AFTER 90% COMPLETE BUT WATCH MARKIPLIER BECAUSE HE DOES GREAT SUBNAUTICA EPISODES
,Recommended,264710,29731105,Posted: 5 February,all,Salami Sandwich,Definitely one of the best games I've ever ♥♥♥♥ing Played. If you want a good♥♥♥♥♥adventure game that you can get a lot of play time out of buy this.
76561198255734501,Recommended,264710,28873745,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,masNFS,Amazing game... i really enjoy itthis is one of best survival games
76561198084084977,Recommended,264710,29180575,Posted: 11 January,all,BlitzNick,"I have 10,8 hours in this game, and I can't stop playing. The lore is extremely interesting, the sound effects and soundtrack adds an imense amount of immersion. I highly recomend this game for people that likes exploration."
,Recommended,264710,29123576,Posted: 8 January,all,SirBottoms,"OK when I think of Subnautica I think of No Man Sky (yes no man sky is set in space I know)Subnautica is a survival game at its core, there is a story (pretty cool one at that) but it is not the main focus of the game.Without giving away too much infomation, you start the game by crash landing onto a all ocean planet and your tasked with surviving on this planet.That being said this game is still in early access and some parts of the map definitely show it, the story is also not done yet.I have been keeping track of this games dev. for a while now and I can say that these are devs that know what they are doing and are committed to this game.If you are worried about this game going into early access hell then you can put off buying it, but from my experience this game is one of the few early access game cases where it is the exeption to the norm.PS: Even if you have a good PC (I have a i7 4770 and GTX 980ti) the game can and will freeze and studder when loading in new areas of the map (this is normal and I hope they fix it in the future or at least make it not so noticable)PPS: If you go to play the ""expermental branch"" (beta) DONT load your main save game on it, start a new game.PPPS: The game does have VR but sense I dont own a Vive or Rift I cant test it outOverall I give this game a PaulsTwoCents Seal of Approval"
76561198191529275,Recommended,264710,29235296,Posted: 13 January,all,slicknick0404,good
76561198123654615,Recommended,264710,29078963,Posted: 6 January,all,TeZ,Pretty neat gameplay
,Recommended,264710,29414500,Posted: 21 January,all,No Plz No Thank You,"Bought this game a couple of days ago.5 day weekend.First day - put in 13 hours - only closed the game to write this review.If you are on the fence about this game - GET IT!Don't research the game a lot and spoil it.Jump in and discover everything on your own.Immersive AF.-------------------------------------------------ALERT####    SPOILERS BELOW    ####ALERT-------------------------------------------------About 13 hours inCome upon first land mass I've seen in the gameGIANT ALIEN BASEBig door blocked by lazer beamsWonder around the islandFind tablet on groundPut tablet on console next to lazer barrierI'm inWonder aroundLooks ♥♥♥♥ing awesomePick up green glowy cubesNeed another tablet to progressGo back to base after filling up inventoryHappen to have mats for 2nd alien tabletI make itCheck commsSunbeam will arrive in 36 minutesSunbeam landing site near alien baseNeed food and waterCatch a bunch of fishEat and drink upStock the restSunbeam will arrive in 25 minutesNeed to poop IRLSit character at benchLetting time tick downI go PoopI'm backSunbeam will arrive in 14 minutesRead PDA entries on alien techAlien base is a super weaponAlien base shot down Aurora♥♥♥♥Sunbeam will arrive in 11 minutesKnife and scanner both lowQuickly make new knife and scannerReady to kick some alien♥♥♥♥♥Drive over to alien base in seamothSunbeam will arrive in 9 minutesRun inPut tablet into 2nd consoleFind 3rd tabletSkip a doorway and go upstairsFind 3rd consoleScanner says weapon console is just beyond barrierSunbeam will arrive in 6 minutesWant to backtrack to skipped doorwayHave timeBacktrack to skipped doorwaySome weird ritual structureGo back to 3rd consolePut tablet inSunbeam will arrive in 2 minutesRun to weapon consoleSee buttonSays ""Disable Super Weapon""I did it!Push buttonConsole pokes me and says I'm infectedTry againSame thingSunbeam will arrive in 1 minuteI accept defeatRun out of alien base as fast as possibleSunbeam crew starts communicating through PDAI know their fateKeep runningMake it out as lazer firesLook into the skyGiant lazer beam destroyed my would be saviorsI watch the pieces fall out of the skyRIPFill up inventory and go back to basePerfect 5/7Would watch Sunbeam get destroyed again"
,Recommended,264710,16029187,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Commander Costas,You did not buy this yet? You MONSTER!!P.S. This Game IS gettin a multiplayer
76561198092813047,Recommended,264710,15253965,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Lynn,"This game is fun and emersive, the sounds drew me in and frightened me when very needed, 10 out of 10!"
,Recommended,264710,24553574,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ershatz,"One day I will listen to the PDA warning me I'm about to run out of oxygen, but today is not that day."
76561198045302046,Recommended,264710,31689180,Posted: 11 May,all,delerium76,"One of the better Early Access games out there.  Frequently updated with content, not alot of bugs and fully playable right now.  Sure it has it's problems, like the constant updates keep bringing more and more hostility to the world despite the dev's stance on violence and player weapon bans (hypocritical if you ask me), but the gameplay and game world more than make up for it.  I would still love to see two major things put into the game before release, multiplayer, and modding."
,Recommended,264710,29567063,Posted: 29 January,all,SpaceFlynn137,One of the only games that actually make me feel alone.
76561198007807405,Recommended,264710,23444659,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,NathanB92,"This game in a one of a kind on steam these days, some early access games is just money grabbers. This is different, the devs are really committed to this game with all the major updates nearly every month makes me want to play it again and again. I really want to see this game in its full potential. From the all the creatures in the depths of the sea, to the Aurora ship and the backstory of the crash, to the crafting its just extermly interesting and fun to play. So please back it as you won't be disappointed."
76561198145626393,Recommended,264710,31736127,Posted: 13 May,all,Muncho mun rundy suvuge,"A bit glitchy at times, but otherwise its a great game with beautiful graphics."
76561197977127815,Recommended,264710,31737840,Posted: 13 May,all,Kam Solastor,"Great survival and exploration game. One of the few early access games I would fully recommend,and worth it's price tag, if you like atmospheric exploration, building and crafting, and survival aspects."
,Recommended,264710,31606980,Posted: 7 May,all,Quarantine,God dammit I love this game 100/10Just one thing.When is the full relase?
76561198325328490,Recommended,264710,25653270,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,cudelalex,I love this game its amazing and it's updated quit frequently best 20 dollars I've ever spent on a video game. :) Strongly recommend it.
76561198201640377,Recommended,264710,24596672,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,SwagPlayz,In vr it is very glichy but fun to play
76561198088069644,Recommended,264710,31681461,Posted: 11 May,all,BBQ_Monster,"Very good game, the only thing that i would want is co-op or something like that"
,Recommended,264710,26837312,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MonsterGir,"One of the best Early Access games to ever exist. Consistantly great content and the atmosphere is unique. Nothing is quite like it. The UI is a bit clunky though, but that's a minor gripe. 9/10 I love this game so much."
76561198141272632,Recommended,264710,31700068,Posted: 12 May,all,bon bon (loves bonnet,this game is worth its money it has a good story line so far and i love all the creaturs in the game and its so addicting.
,Recommended,264710,20628026,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,OTF.That_Taffer,"I have a deep fear of bodies of water that I cannot see the bottom of.This game has only reinforced that fear and now I am afraid to even shower.In all seriousness, this is a well thought, beautiful, and (to me) terrifying survival/explore-em-up, and is something pretty special."
,Recommended,264710,21069775,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,sKilLz hellcase.com,This game is awesome!!!
76561198159767931,Recommended,264710,28294083,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Clerval,"The joy of diving, put into the future. I love this game, it really stands out from most survival solo singleplayers, as it has loads of explore. The more you explore, the more stuff you can build. The more you build, the more you can explore. Massive replayability, the satisfaction of diving deeper is irreplaceable."
,Recommended,264710,31767669,Posted: 15 May,all,[SP],I have played this game enough to say is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198272488288,Recommended,264710,31668097,Posted: 10 May,all,DailyRaptorMailMan,I just started playing so far so good. Will update this in 9...9...9...9...9.. hoursUpdate: So im back to update. Oh wait what should i even say? Only that i met myself in this game....
76561198097317166,Recommended,264710,31595671,Posted: 6 May,all,Sellout | csgogem.com,"BUY IT, BUY IT, BUY IT!!!! Honestly, this game is worth every penny! I am really into open world, survival games. This game has put me through the test ad it's not only a journey of survival and discovery, but also an emotional journey. I honestly recommened this to anyone who loves open world games and to people who want their first game experience to be awesome."
,Recommended,264710,23770450,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,tree,"When the Aurora explodes, it makes you TRULY feel how isolated and stranded you are on this blue, colorful planet.There are very few games that stunned me with beauty and then knocked me down. Bravo.If you haven't bought this game yet and you enjoy survival games.. You're doing it wrong. Please do yourself a favor and buy it. It's so good. There is so much to explore and build that it hurts. There is enough danger to make you paranoid like a horror game."
76561198091900105,Recommended,264710,24304574,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,LaughingArsonist,>Swimming in sea>Finds new area>Doesn't know Reaper Leviathan spawns there>Is killed by said fish>Soils pants10/10 would heart attack again.
,Recommended,264710,24541580,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,supermario6409,"subnautica is one of those games that can be great and downright horrible at the same time. when I got this game, I was realy bored of everything but once I got further into the game, the game stands out in my library. although subnautica has some system requirements and takes up a ton of storage, I felt like it was worth every byte. although this is pretty early to make a review as it is in early access, I will make anouther when it gets version 1.0. (please note: you can change the graphics to let it run better.)"
,Recommended,264710,24509834,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Luminaxe,"Swimming around, its soo pretty!! Oh look a massive snake-fish! lets give it a hug! Look its hugging me with its tentac....."
76561198093183352,Recommended,264710,24154801,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Terminajuju,Fun to explore and awesome creatures.
,Recommended,264710,24189016,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,AlucarD,one of the best and most unique games I have come around playing in the last decade :D Honestly I think only Minecraft can match this one in terms of gameplay and uniqueness. Must play !
,Recommended,264710,24196438,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Schizobaby,"Awsome game. Game can be played in a variety of ways (but so far, single-player only) for those with different tastes in gameplay (survival type games vs. discovery type games). Graphics aren't supper HD or anything, but it looks nice."
76561198089031078,Recommended,264710,29173763,Posted: 10 January,all,oddity,"This game is extremely good for an Early Access game, and has many interesting things to do and see which has kept me busy for longer than most finished titles.The beautiful world, neat vehicles, fun base building and varied biomes are particular highlights for me. The world is dangerous and challenging, and has many surprises in store for you so I suggest not spoiling too many of them for yourself too early.The game is not perfect, however. Playing one world for a long time makes the game stutter and crash with annoying regularity, and since the game is not yet finished, obviously you can't complete the story yet.Very much worth the price, even with the flaws in the game."
76561198348939527,Recommended,264710,31151112,Posted: 15 April,all,TimeLime767,"Amazing!The game is really hard but fun with great graphics. When i tried to find silver, I thought it was in the red grass biome. You actually find it in the caves of the creepvine biome, in Sandstone outcrops. Overall, 10/10"
,Recommended,264710,29263152,Posted: 14 January,all,[Rec]P.Miller,"Honestly, the precursor update is what made me really want to get involved in the progress of this game. After seeing what this team is capable of, I think this game's production cycle is well worth keeping up with. If they keep releasing updates like that, this game will be pretty much the best game ever made"
,Recommended,264710,29263370,Posted: 14 January,all,mwaters906,awesome game totally addicted
,Recommended,264710,28989124,Posted: 3 January,all,Booper Dooper,"I found this game great! (There you go Kenyon, no cringy crap)"
,Recommended,264710,28645158,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lead Farmer,This game blew my mind and expectations on the 3d survival and exploration genre!!! Couldn't believe this is still in development with the amount of love and care I have seen put into the beginnng of the game. The starting off portion of the game can be a bit to sink in but after that first plunge into the water you will get immersed in the bright colorful scenery underwater. Very awesome!!!!!
,Recommended,264710,28648844,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Daniel.Drache,great game
,Recommended,264710,27908642,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Celestium,"Very nice game that amazes me with the level of detail and the underwater landscapes. Game has a very high potential in becoming a awesome game. I sincerely hope that in the near future, co-op is added."
76561198223511092,Recommended,264710,28206891,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,el.bretster,Love the amazing graphics and interesting sea life. The crafting system is fair and the updates they make are fantastic.
76561198081317802,Recommended,264710,28873585,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The boy wonder,awsome game good job devs 10 out of 10
76561198322634321,Recommended,264710,28922748,Posted: 1 January,all,mecha hitler,one of the best game ive ever played 10 out of 10
,Recommended,264710,28542868,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Solen,"This game is absolutely amazing, the amount of potential it has is also amazing, and the developers have more then proved that they are completely capable of making that potential into something awesome. The base building is great, the exploration is great, the survival is a bit too easy (After you get the shock upgrade for the Seamoth you're basically invincible to everything even a reaper.) but that also makes the game more enjoyable and also makes it easier to explore the completely unbelievable map. The one complaint that I have is the frame rate, with the recent update the game is completely unplayable with all the frame drops and crashes I have been having, I crash every 5-10 minutes which makes me save a bunch and sometimes I even crash when I save. The frame rate drops last for WAY too long sometimes my game completely freezes for 5 minutes and I come back and I have to deal with 8 FPS for another minute or so. I also have a pretty decent PC, R9 290, i7 5820k, 16 GB of RAM, I've read somewhere that an SSD does help with the frame rate drops because the SSD is faster then a hard drive and can load stuff in faster. But the game is so amazing that I think it still absolutely deserves a Thumbs up, and I'm sure they will adventually fix the FPS problems because once again Subnautica has some awesome developers! and the game is still in early access and completely understandable."
,Recommended,264710,28490802,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,evelynn.,yes
,Recommended,264710,28849474,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TomSerious,Finally a well done underwater game!
,Not Recommended,264710,28811417,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[SMEN] Nico,"Very glitchy for VR users. I purchased this game as i have just recieved an HTC Vive. Bootinh up the game, everything was fine but when i got in, i was constantly going in circles. I have tried every method mentioned in threads, forums etc., with no luck"
,Recommended,264710,28337839,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,CoZmo™,"Great game, wish it had trading cards."
,Recommended,264710,18009575,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Blitzkrieg Wolf,Thought I had no fear of the sea... guess I was wrong.15/10 would be scared crapless by a giant sea serpent again.
76561198180856605,Recommended,264710,18110368,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,KennyS,this game is soo god i love looking at new updates on steam and i want to know when this will be out of early access and what will be added to the game also in the trailer there was a big crab thing i wan to know when that will be in the game and at what depth
76561198314277184,Recommended,264710,24293198,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Cal F,ive been wanting this game for ages i got it for the first time (because i used to have and xbox one) and jumped straight into the water and made a co** with a terraformer then spawned in a sea dragon and regreated it l8r cause right out my base was like 6 sea dragons so now i step outside and within 5 seconds i get eaten so 10/10 best eating simulator ;)
76561198239341414,Recommended,264710,32192059,Posted: 4 June,all,jasminedragontea,"Love this game but WAIT TILL RELEASE!!!!!! Played every day for about a week then got bored. Most of the updates don't add too much to the game to warrant new playthroughs every time and creative mode honestly makes the game pointless. Definitely pick it up on release but hope the devs get rid of creative and create some type of ""after the end"" gameplay to keep the replayability up. 8/10 as is but the way things are going ill rewrite a review on the release for 10/10 im sure!P.S.THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTELY TERRIFYING LOL IF THE OCEAN SCARES YOU GET READY TO♥♥♥♥♥♥YOUR ♥♥♥♥IN PANTS"
76561198329084508,Recommended,264710,32190448,Posted: 4 June,all,Vanir CS.MONEY,i really enjoyed this game
76561198098206377,Recommended,264710,32149297,Posted: 3 June,all,TheGrifReaper,Enhanced fish a.i
76561198148025802,Recommended,264710,32174492,Posted: 4 June,all,BruceT,"As a general rule, I am not a fan of survival games. However, Subnautica is incredible. I also don't by early access games very often and ummed and ahhed about this but the reviews were to good too resist. The reviews were absolutely spot on.Don't hesitate to buy this game. Don't read the ""how to's"". Just buy it and you will be happy.I truly hope they keep on making this incredible game for years to come."
76561198063066383,Recommended,264710,21216037,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Proxel,"An excellent game. Immersive, tense, enjoyable."
,Recommended,264710,23957813,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Trebort,"Really beautiful game. I can't describe how beautiful it is, especially if you can get it to run at full graphics without any lag.The story needs expanding before it leaves early access.Something I'd like to see is the addition of other characters. (Not multiplayer... I don't like playing with others, it's not me at all) Perhaps other survivors who you can find in the world, either in lifepods or on islands, or just swimming around needing help? That'd be good. Then I could assign them to tasks, have them wander around the bases I build. It'd give the base some life, because as the mintue it's pretty lonely.The only other thing I'd like to see is additional buildings, or the ability to customise their shape. Maybe squares or hexagons? Just for a little more personality. :D (I'll edit my review if these things get added, obviously)Overall, I love it. Definitely give it a try.UPDATE: The updates for Subnautica just keep on coming, and they're great. The developers are involved and interested and unlike some games on Steam, this is going to keep getting better."
,Recommended,264710,23956120,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kherny,"What ... a ... gem...Every 20 - 30 games you find one that stands out. Subnautica.The basic idea is you crash land on an alien planet in the sea with no land in sight, with limited supplies and a damaged escape pod your only companion (not counting the fish) you have to survive...(this really brought back memories of a outer limits episode about a stranded astronaut landing in the sea on an alien planet with no land in sight trying to survive, very memorable. For those interested search for The Outer Limits - 2x10 - World's Apart)I wont spoil anything for you but I will say it is the immersive environment that makes this game.Being early access I would have taken a bullet before buying it normally but the reviews being so good and my research not finding any glaring problems for once and open and communicative devs, I was convinced reluctantly to dip my toes in.I can wholeheartedly recommend this game, its in a decent playable state as is. Apparently due for release towards the end of the year possibly early next year you can follow their development progress and roadmap on trello and from the links in the forum.It is early access. Saying that I have had no crashes in approx 30 hours and no issues other than occassional low frame rate in very busy graphical areas which I would expect to be eased with optimisation over time.Jump in, with the steam summer sale currently on its a steal."
76561198083558934,Recommended,264710,25199957,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MeM,"Subnatica is a state of the art survival game that has done almost everything right. Inventory management is not an annoyance, but is still nessesary. Resource collection does not feel like a grind as you will be exploring while you search for the area that has the required resources. There iss\ also huge payoff as the game rewards you with large jumps in effeciency, protection, and your ablility to explore.Exploring is a big part of the game and ou will do much of it. This game is filled with suprises and interesting things to see. From the depths of the caves to the ruined halls of the Aurora, the game stays interesting. It will be even better when they add an end to the game.Overall, this is one of the best survival games ever made and all other survival games should use this as a benchmark."
,Recommended,264710,24387499,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Eno,This game has to be one of the most polished alpha games out right now. Definitely deserves a shot if you like survival games. I'm nearing 60 hours of gameplay and I haven't even close to gotten near the end game yet. I have recommended it to all my friends and cousins at one point or another.
76561198011397288,Recommended,264710,24224857,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,lusterredux,"Even though Subnautica is still in alpha, I feel there's enough here to give an opinion on.Pros:- Sense of being alone in the world and having to survive is well done.- Game is absolutely gorgeous. I often find myself stopping and gazing at my surroundings. How a non-major studio pulled this off is beyond me.- Easily one of the most terrifying games I have ever played in my life. This includes Resident Evil 2 and its dogs.- Impressive vehicle design. The Cyclops submarine is huge, well-engineered, and probably my favorite thing about the game. It's almost everything I've ever wanted in a personal submarine, minus the tesla-charged torrent generator. But that's what patches are for.- Gameplay is overall fantastic. Design choice to limit your offensive options (regardless of their odd reasoning) has made everything feel that much more dangerous. You seriously have to be careful at all times in the early/mid game.- Ambience is something Subnautica does really well. Creepvine forests are dark and low visibility. Cave systems feel like cave systems.- Game is, for the most part, technically sound. Crashes are quite rare, but exist.Cons:- After a while, and once you get everything and figure out how to kill things with your Stasis Rifle and a hardened knife, world begins to feel empty. It starts to feel like it's just you and your Cyclops/Seamoth. There's less fear and you also run out of reasons to hoard materials.- Game is obviously still in alpha. When doors randomly appear above water (and stay there indefinitely), or you see other graphical issues, you're reminded of this. A lot of items are also just marked with [tooltip] or somesuch. Framerate drops start to happen randomly, but often go away (they may be from tabbing out and in, still testing that).- There's currently no story. There are datalogs and PDAs you can pick up that give you a small bit of insight into the story that will one day be, but as of now it doesn't really exist.- World eventually becomes lonely. Fear is replaced with a depressing silence. You're surrounded by incredible amounts of marine life at all times, but they're not people. You can't really interact with any of the life outside of Repulsion cannon'g them 300meters away. You can play with Stalkers, but it begins to feel like you're losing your mind and talking to volleyballs with faces drawn on them.In closing, Subnautica is in my opinion a game that is definitely worth the 13-20$ it's asking for. The graphics are on-par with many triple-A titles (not counting your character's body/shadow), and the gameplay is utterly fantastic. Game in its current incarnation lacks any longterm reason to stick with a save, your options are to start over or to build bases for no reason everywhere. But in the early-mid game it is a masterpiece, an exercise in what a true survival game can and should be."
,Recommended,264710,24230690,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mr.Galaxy,I LOVE THIS GAME  its so fun there are a few bugs but its early acess what did you expect and everyday im descovering something new they should keep adding more stuff
76561198084278721,Recommended,264710,24237720,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,AdrianBigBalls,"Very Nice 8/10Altough not finished, very good in current state.Description in two words: F***ing addictive!Would recommend to all waiting for No Man's Sky.Ta ta for now....."
,Recommended,264710,24305933,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,bittersweet luluuu,I absolutely hate the ocean and this game made be fear it more 10/10 would drown again
,Recommended,264710,23968897,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Barry the Bounty Hunter,"A really good game heading in an interesting direction, but it updates often and save game files may corrupt, so if you don't want that to happen, then keep the experimental beta off.Otherwise very good game, mainly exists now to get people to find bugs."
,Recommended,264710,24001819,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,iplop,I absolutely love this game and cannot wait 'till the full release which includes the story.
,Recommended,264710,24016767,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,iSmile / DaSP,Beautiful game. Just sad its no multiplayer
,Recommended,264710,24023193,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,swwZ,"Just to say it quickly this game is amazing, unique, and fun. The fact that it's mostly underwater makes it different than most other survival games. 10/10"
76561198313408676,Recommended,264710,24093641,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Molotov_Cockroach81,"This game is awesome. Google is your friend, youtube is your friend, community is your friend-Use those resources and you'll be creating your own little deep sea paradise in no time."
,Recommended,264710,24094435,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Otzalot,Immersive underwater exploration gameplay. 10/10
76561198242145730,Recommended,264710,24376194,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,surfthefirejig,Fix the LLLLLLLLLAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198061118789,Recommended,264710,27785226,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Randy Butternubs,I love this game10/10  would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants from reaper leviathan jump scare again
,Recommended,264710,26557620,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,bailers,"I am in love with this game.This game definitely gives you different feels on the biomes, and the atmospherical changes as you explore is incredible! You can play this game for hours without even realizing, and they are continuously changing and expanding the game. If you love survival games, this is the one!"
76561198276171691,Recommended,264710,26594889,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,deathsty,"This game is really, really fun but at times my game lags alot. In a future update could the lag could be reduced and make weaker computer be able to play this game without crashing."
76561198297218208,Recommended,264710,26740771,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Souma,Great game. I love it
76561198027268324,Recommended,264710,27828398,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Partypants,One of the best survival games I've played. I've invested around 1000 hours into the Xbox version and couldn't resist buying a copy once I got my PC. It's one of the best looking 4k games I've played so far. It's genuinely scary at times so if you have thalassophobia then buyer beware. The difference between this version and the version from months ago is night and day so I've very excited about the updates to come.If you're on the fence then get off the damned fence and buy this game. .
76561198145143048,Recommended,264710,29265910,Posted: 14 January,all,Kabbott,No co op :(
,Recommended,264710,28655440,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lscott123,Its an amazing game...... 10/10
76561198052212477,Recommended,264710,27886573,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,"Real Damage, People!",This game delivers on so many fronts. The atmosphere of the game sucks you right in as you dive in to an underwater survival / exploring game full of breathtaking visuals. A whole new and unique take on the survival game genre that is worth every penny. The game is constantly updated aswell which is a big plus when it comes to these early acces games.
76561198052264752,Recommended,264710,14555028,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Entity.Prefab,"Subnautica is an amazing experience, a beautiful world, cool creatures, hours of unique exploration and more on the way... best money spent on any early access game, hands down!"
,Recommended,264710,30264765,Posted: 1 March,all,"BOT Super Hands, no relation",This game scares the hell out of me
76561198354777528,Recommended,264710,30265039,Posted: 1 March,all,supertiger21713,Relly good game
,Recommended,264710,29643382,Posted: 1 February,all,Halsor,"Step One- See Jacksepticeye playStep Two- Buy the game instantlyStep Three- Build a seamothStep Four- Go explore the shipStep Five- Because the game is in early access you can't see creatures from very far away so a reaper spawns in your face and you ride as fast as you can to your lifepod.Step Six- Quit the game and play another gameStep Seven- Get Straight back onto the gameStep Eight- Repeat step four to step seven as much as you wantStep Nine- See that you have 1,000 hours of playtimeStep Ten- Scream10/167 IGN"
,Recommended,264710,29574435,Posted: 29 January,all,ĐℝÜ⋒₭(Bday In 27 Days),GR8 game m8 8/8
76561198079409508,Recommended,264710,29512780,Posted: 26 January,all,Large Sack of Coleslaw,"As you can see, I've kind of played a lot of this game, and I can definetely say that it's my favorite. Every update makes me excited.But there's one major thing I'd like to point out. I have a pretty low performance graphics card right now and for the whole time I've been playing this, so I have to turn off a lot of the graphics in order to get it to play smoothly. It even crashes a ton after I've played a while on a specific world. But I keep playing a still love it, because it is always praised for being a beautiful  game, which it is, but even aside from the graphics it's still amazing. I'm going to hit 400 hours soon and I have no regrets."
,Recommended,264710,28342095,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,an assaholic bich,"Would most certainly recommend to any child (YES, child) that can handle some suspense and likes to say ""wow, that's so cool,"" This game made me say those words more times than I can imagine. It's so different from other survival games, such as minecraft. Here in subnautica, you were on the aurora, a gigantic ship (like the one from wall-e) and you are the only living survivor on an alien planet made up of nearly 90% water. You must get food and other such materials to survive. Sounds like your typical minecraft ripoff, right? WRONG! This game is full of actual exploration in your small little seamoth to your giant cyclops that you always name ""yellow submarine"". This game has 20 drastically different biomes. Now minecraft may have different biomes, but they keep repeating over and over and that's what bugs me about infinite games. They are infinite, but just not that different from one another. This game is finite, but it seems infinite. I explored for over a day on one file (not at once) just saying to myself ""wow, it's so cool!""Shmeebington 10/10 would play again would recommend."
,Recommended,264710,28225885,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,FlamingKerbal,If you are a gamer who enjoys Sci-fi/Open world adventures then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,264710,29482450,Posted: 25 January,all,GrayWolf448,10/10 would get depressed by story line again (might add more to this review later)
76561198207352067,Recommended,264710,29388406,Posted: 20 January,all,ChirpMcChirpMan,"worth the money, can't wait for the new updates!"
76561198040805576,Recommended,264710,25969944,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Joe Bananas,"Catch waves, ride barrels, pretty gnar."
76561198085620036,Recommended,264710,25280361,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,TheRychKid,Game is constantly updated and refreshed with content. One of my favorite games.
76561198291777333,Recommended,264710,25282808,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Jacket,epic game: good price. EPIC GAMEPLAYMUST GETages 10+
76561198263947858,Recommended,264710,25291913,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ferminjaden792,It's still buggy
76561198026590565,Recommended,264710,25241727,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Definitely Not Rico,Was fun!
76561198055593926,Recommended,264710,25669899,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,DUW2PAG,"Well ladys and gentlemen and boys and girls, i have seen many games come and go on steam, lots of early access games that make you believe in the dream.This game fulfuilled it's promises of fun, danger and beautful graphics.Subnautica is one of those games that stands out from the rest, a must have in your steam library.Yes it's one of those games that all the kewl kids are playing.I would write a full reveiw with con's and pro's but my advice would be to read more reviews watch a few videos and like me you'll be sold.STOP READING! GO BUY THE GAME."
76561197984626881,Recommended,264710,25733751,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Clit-a-saurus Rex,I can see spending many hours in this game.  I looks good and is a great survival game.  I would not hesistate to buy it.  I'm suprised it didn't cost more for all the content it has.  This game doesn't hand you anything.  You have to find everything yourself and literally survive.I'm awaiting further updates and a fleshed out story.
76561198142173410,Recommended,264710,25717810,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Star Engineer,THIS IS A GREAT GAME ALL THEY NEED NOW IS A CO-OP SO IT WILL BECOME MORE FUN LIKE IF YOU WANT SOME ONE TO LIVE IN YOUR HOUSE WITH YOU
,Recommended,264710,25705387,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Han Solo Oh No,very unique game and is constantly updated with new and interesting features.
76561198084674344,Recommended,264710,27458506,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Goldenbarky,"People go back and forth about this game. The game is great, I'v been playing it for about a year now. It's very glitchy, hard and a little aggravating, but when you sit down and get enveloped into it, I didn't want to stop. Yes it's getting harder each update, yes it's hard to understand how to play. But I believe in the game and it's nowhere near finished. The more they update it the more excited I am for the release. I know that not everyone is going to like this game as much as I do, but there's nothing better than watching a game develop and helping the game do so. Read through each review and see what people say, but if a game that had some problems and no one ever bought the game and urged everyone to not even go near the game. How would it ever be fixed? So even if you think it has some problems, than voice your opinion and give Unknown Worlds $15 bucks to fix it."
,Recommended,264710,26841396,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The_Luna_God | Pvpro.com,This is one of those games where you can freely explore and freeroam in an environment filled with nature. If only I had a better computer .-.
76561198254200988,Recommended,264710,25846917,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Meep,My computer doesn't have enough ram that's what you get when you try to play games on your school computer :D
,Recommended,264710,29075084,Posted: 6 January,all,Pie,water and fish but  still good ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,264710,30247443,Posted: 28 February,all,Adn,Good open-world game!
,Recommended,264710,21877757,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,ObamaCareOP,"Very good, lotsa water. Needs more sand tho."
76561198069111676,Recommended,264710,21863222,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,AnnihilatorofPie cs.money,"Under the SeaSamuel E. WrightAriel, listen to me. The human world, it's a mess. Life under the sea is better than anyting they got up there.The seaweed is always greenerIn somebody else's lakeYou dream about going up thereBut that is a big mistakeJust look at the world around youRight here on the ocean floorSuch wonderful things surround youWhat more is you looking for?Under the seaUnder the seaDarlin' it's betterDown where it's wetterTake it from meUp on the shore they work all dayOut in the sun, they slave awayWhile we devotin'Full time to floatin'Under the seaThe seaweed is always greenerIn somebody else's lakeYou dream about going up thereBut that is a big mistakeJust look at the world around youRight here on the ocean floorSuch wonderful things surround youWhat… Full lyrics on Google Play"
,Recommended,264710,21880393,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,underswap sans :),good game but if your computer doesn't have the requirements you can barely play without A TON of lag spikes but i reccomend
,Recommended,264710,22245933,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Purple_Fish,"It's either relaxing or nervewracking, depending on your current biome and your objectives.  Very atmospheric.  Good devs, it is generally bug free in stable mode, and there is an experimental build where you can test out the devs' new stuff.  It's really fun.  Once you reach end game, there's a ton to explore.  It's not procedurally generated though, and that's the only downside.  I'd say a 9.5/10, worth the purchase."
76561198209869044,Recommended,264710,21987995,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Top Hat Crusader,"Still in developement? Doesn't matter! Subnautica is a great game in which you get sucked into the realism of this alien world while trying to survive.The graphics are something I never talk about with games but these are crazy good, and there is hours of stuff to find or do in this ocean, even if it is not fully completed yet.Highly recommend it for the exploror in all of us!"
,Recommended,264710,22020689,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,katriin the phoenix,neat game  the oinly place i dont go is the deeper areas because they are scary.....thats why i dont progress anyways i'd recommend this game. i hope one day there will be multiplayer so i can play this with my friends
,Recommended,264710,21754148,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Duke [Halloween Hype],"The game isn't even finished and I'm already this hooked, the amount of detail and the things to explore...just insane! Huge props to the devs"
76561198246677808,Recommended,264710,30932772,Posted: 3 April,all,Kittens,"TL;DR: Everything bad about this game can be fixed. It is a fantastic underwater exploration game to play alone or with friends. Every loaded world is the same, but it is so huge that it still doesn't matter.Don't run this game on laptop, though. This game is 25% graphics, 75% gameplay. Trackpad SIGNIFICANTLY hinders gameplay(I can't even go fishing, so I end up starving), and generally worse system specs make laptop suboptimal to a desktop computer.After watching numerous game play videos and reading reviews about this game, I went ahead and bought it.(skip through this section if you don't care about basic gameplay elements).I fast forward through the intro, who needs those anyway, and I find myself in a lifepod. I get out and jump in the water. The game tells me to break limestone, and I find titanium. I start picking up metal salvage, which the Fabricator on the lifepod turns into more titanium. Eventually I start exploring beyond the coral reef and end up in a giant kelp forest. After numerous frustrating attempts to get the Creepvine sample, I realize I have to get its seeds and turn that into rubber to get a knife to get creepvine to get fiber mesh to get a rebreather, which I feel like I will need considering I am barely surviving at this point. I switch to go after quartz and build an Oxygen tank, increasing my time to 75 seconds underwater. So far so good. ""Warning: Dehydration dectected,"" announces my PDA. Of course, something had to go wrong. Under sustenence, I realize all I need is a bladderfish to get more water. Fast forward five minutes and I finally found and chased down one, only to get 20 water%. I needed to spend another 5 minutes tracking down salt at the bottom of the Creepvine forest. Eventually, once I get my food and water at sane levels after eating random alien fish and drinking purified water(bleach), I settle down and craft a scanner with some gathered materials and spend the next 5 hours looking for seamoth and mobile vehicle bay parts to go deeper underwater. Once I finally get those, I spend another 3 hours finding all the titanium necessary to build said objects(it was fun though, trust me). After all that, I finally got my Seamoth and started exploring. I found out I could get radiation poisoning from going over there, so I spent another 15 minutes trying to find lead required to build one, then building it. Then I got back to exploring after spending so long working up to it.SKIP TO HERE IF YOU WANT THE ACTUAL REVIEWWhile I was exploring the area in my Seamoth(a 1 person submarine which can go 200m down) to see if I could find any valuable resources, out of nowhere I hear a dragon's roar straight out of The Hobbit as a giant snake grabs my ship and starts destroying it(on the subnautica wiki I learned they were Reaper Leviathans, one of the most dangerous predators). Within seconds, all my precious work was destroyed.10/10 would be eaten by Leviathans again.This game can feel like a grind at times, especially with trying to scan fragments to get more blueprints. While that is true, just looking around is worth the price tag. Every biome is totally different with various plant life, predators, and smaller, catchable fish.PROS:-gameplay feels good.-graphics are amazing-Building something new is extremely satisfying-you can build your own base-the story mode feels engaging and forces you to go deeper and deeper into the oceans(still a work in progress, why this game is in Early Access).CONS:-scan hunting is a grind after you finish it once. FIX: unlockall in command prompt. Unlocks all blueprints. After all, what kind of lifepod comes with a fabricator which has no blueprints?Use only after completing scan hunt one time, as it is worth it when you finally get what you are looking for. Subsequent times provide no such high.[/b[-The game sometimes deletes your save files after every update. May have been fixed. Reason for repetitive scan hunts.-Framerate drops. FIX: on graphics, go to ""recommended,"" then press f3, then f8(for mouse). Uncheck all the boxes(light shafts, bloom, etc.) Whenever you feel framerate drops, check to see if one of them is on. There are still occasional ones, but very infrequent after these are all off."
,Recommended,264710,22171187,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ATF_Aoshi Stark //,"Pros:+ Huge environment+ Immersive game play+ Does survival right+ Perfectly captures the sensation of being stranded at sea+ Game progression scales well+ Spooky ocean noises (Play with the lights off and headphones on for A+ Ocean Experience)+ Huge alien aquatic life, under-sea bases and submarines!+ Consistent map layoutCons (Mostly Early Access Gripes):- Consistent map layout- Currently no options for a map or means of mapping the world you inhabit beyond Googling (or exploring randomly)- Replay-ability is low- No real End Game (yet)- Many scan-able flora, fauna and objects are lacking data entries- Some scan-able blueprint objects expect you to scan one specific one and other duplicates are unscannable- Blueprints occasionally glitch out making them impossible to acquire without debug console- Can't put Solar Panels on the Cyclops- Some materials in game have no purpose yet- Expects a lot from your PC power-wiseDetailed review:Fans of genuine survival games will most certainly enjoy Subnautica. Despite being in Early Access the game already feels like it could be in early beta. I have never encountered another game yet that so masterfully captures what it feels like to be utterly alone and abandoned at sea. Every creak, groan and metallic whine of your under-sea home and submarine will make you jumpy and itching to find out what's out there. The environmental sounds, visual effects and the creatures all blend wonderfully into a game you will really want to dive into. (HA)Unfortunately, being in early access this game does have some flaws that will hopefully be addressed in time. Firstly, know that this game is NOT for weak PCs. It fully renders everything and the water physics are going to be hell on your CPU and GPU. Make sure you have some high power processing or your PC will be hurting playing this game. I had to upgrade my GPU and Power Supply to handle this puppy for more than a half hour, but it was worth it. Other than spec issues, some other notable cons include the end game wrapping up real fast. Depending on how phobic of the ocean you are, eventually you will hit a point where you have done more or less everything or built everything there is and be wondering when more content is coming. This is more of an Early Access issue versus an actual issue of the game itself, but I am including it in this review simply as a warning for those considering buying. Lastly, an issue that I feel the game does need to address is a complete and total lack of a means to map the ocean in some way, shape or form. Currently there are only two ways to know where anything is: mark it with a beacon (and they clutter your screen pretty fast if you use too many) or have impeccable photographic memory of where things are relative to you.Over-all I have not regretted purchasing this game, and I've felt/been sucker-punched by Early Access before. Unknown Worlds seems genuinely invested in finishing this title and I highly recommend the purchase to anyone who is interested and feels they will enjoy it."
,Recommended,264710,20936457,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,jordang,"Remember when you were a kid and you were all like ""I'm gonna be a marine biologist when I grow up!""This game is much cooler than what you imagined a marine biologist did back then."
76561198060242848,Recommended,264710,20931080,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,9th Jan-Michael Vincent,This game is amazing. Started off in the shallows. Then 4 hours in I'm being chased by a scary sea monster who takes my sub and rips it to shreads and then chases me. 10/10 this game is a beauty.
76561198176506275,Recommended,264710,20934032,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,King of the Burbs,gud gaem
76561198122971326,Recommended,264710,20870013,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Crippling Optimism (Banter),"if you want a great game, look no further!!"
76561198155556134,Recommended,264710,20846389,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,"Insanely satisfying. Words cannot fully describe the wonders and magnitude of this game. Not sure what it is, but it drew me under and took my breath away (pun intended).Amazing scenery. Played for a ton of hours and still haven't scratched the surface. At every turn there are new surprises.Like Horror games? There is no greater fear than what you do not know and cannot see. This isn't one, but it does a FANTASTIC JOB of scaring you.And the other side? Simply leaves you floating in awe and wonder at some of the scenery. Very excited to see what they add in the future.Update: Recently came back to this to find it even more amazing and more difficult, which is good. REplaying it all over again and feeling like a new adventure."
76561198037360291,Recommended,264710,20850324,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,whatwhat4,"I fed some fish to a bigger, scarier fish. The scary fish brought me scrap metal, followed me home and now attacks me whenever I try to leave. Recommended!"
76561198180448294,Recommended,264710,20834848,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Bowman502,Its a really amazing consept its very terrifying tho i am 1 of many people who are scared of the ocean and almost everything in it (not that we've seen everything) but sharks are my #1 concern in the ocean if i knew the ocean i was trapped in was on another planet i would STAY IN THE AUROARA dying in an explosion is far better then being eatin alive but things like reaper leviathens but all fear aside 10/10 of pure genius
,Recommended,264710,20856835,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Tremidine,"I would get this now if I were you. I can see this game becoming $60 when it is finished.I have friends who don't particularly like the ocean, (or survival/exploration games in general) but I've had several of them agree that this is an exception of a game.It is absolutely beautiful, especially after the ""H2.0"" update. You will not find a better looking survival/exploration game.There's a lot to see. My favorite activity is going in creative mode and just looking around and exploring. Scanning all the abundant fauna and flora throughout the bountiful and vast biomes so I can learn about them later. It's truly a fascinating experience. And despite my efforts to see it all, I can't. There's a lot to do and a lot to see. And it's a really cool feeling, being able to be part of the development and give feedback and see the game progress. It was my first time being part of a steam early access game, and it brought warm feelings to see for myself that my feedback was getting noticed and I was seeing patches for glitches I encountered, and solidifying on things that I enjoyed.And with every bit of honesty I can collect, I've had no grievances with this game. Nothing I've encountered that I didn't like. Nothing that was genuinely bad. Besides glitches of course, but those are understandable and entirely acceptable considering this game is in early access. If there's a glitch, it's your duty to report it. The devs can't see every glitch, and they need your help to iron out bugs while they add more content to the game. The more feedback you give, the faster they can patch bugs, and the faster they can get back to adding content to the game.Even if I eventually ever lose interest for any reason, this game still has my full support."
,Recommended,264710,20858829,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,CoolKid_Gamer,This game is soo cool.How do you beat it?
,Recommended,264710,20536111,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Gamerbids,This game is amazing!!! It's got the Minecraft charm with the random update intervals and games like DayZ and other survival games (except it actually updates)
,Recommended,264710,23461199,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Nova Nihil,"This game is so incredibly amazing!!Building, exploring, learning, finding things, screaming as you run away from some new horrible creature, becoming genuinely scared as you have to venture to the deep depths to find what you need, and even the vague story that keeps you asking questions [can't wait until the story bits are more fleshed out in future updates].As a fan of survival games this is, by far, the best I've ever played.  The only downside is the lack of multiplayer."
,Recommended,264710,20530416,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,prefixs,Just buy this game and don't ask why! :3
76561198000464258,Recommended,264710,20533961,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Duo34,"I wish I actually learned to SCUBA dive. Oh well I guess this will have to do. It is exactly like diving in the great refs off the coast of australia, but less poisionus killer fish and more large-teeth killer fish. Also spoofy scary Leviathan."
76561198093593135,Recommended,264710,20569600,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,God-King Trump,There's always a bigger fish...
,Recommended,264710,20524956,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,John Vac,one knife to rule them all...
,Recommended,264710,20525678,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,nelson.d97,"it runs like crap on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop but once i get a decent pc, this'll probably be my favorite game"
76561197993246615,Recommended,264710,20527392,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,CajunInABox,"Wow. Just wow. ""Early Access"" my behind, this game is amazing as is. And the devs just keep on adding new goodies in!"
76561198177354958,Recommended,264710,20495868,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,FlipFlop_Playz,"It is a good game, I just think you should add multiplayer.P.S. Make sure you can kill the other player.PP.S. Also make sure you can play with more than just 2, and have 5 of your freinds play with you...PLZ"
,Recommended,264710,20510248,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Dr. Unpleasant,"Beautiful graphics, regular updates and terrifying, exotic environments to explore.I've never been more uncomfortable in water!Would recommend to anyone.In all honesty, I have over 1000 games and this is in the top 3 easily. Shoot me a message if you have questions, but if you're reading reviews, you should just go and buy it."
,Recommended,264710,20738920,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,i nico nico need you,i saw a big fish and got scared and never went further than the first zone
,Recommended,264710,20739826,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Murdo.Ky,"decide to go to the cave at night time, searching for some good old cooper,never again.darkness kills, boys.always bring flashlight"
,Recommended,264710,21149950,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SpeckleSnowflake,"This game was amazing in all effects, visual and audial. I had a severe fear of the ocean, and when I was convinced to play this game, I still was scared. But after a little while of playing, my fears were (more or less) gone. This was an amazing game and I would reccomend it to anyone."
,Recommended,264710,20816830,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,𝓢𝓽𝓸𝓻𝓶𝓓𝓻𝓸𝓹,"Amazing game!Been following it for 2 years now. And they've made amazing improvements!I HIGHLY recommend this game, if you like exploration!"
,Recommended,264710,31384850,Posted: 26 April,all,AsylumJohn,"No regrets, beautiful game visually. Metroid feel in a open world aquarium."
,Recommended,264710,25218508,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,✪Ｔｅｓｌａ,Subnautica: what No Man's Sky wants to be when it grows up.
,Recommended,264710,23657671,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Fetus,So pretty.  Shame it's not multiplayer :/
76561198044508598,Recommended,264710,15314332,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,IVIundo,"This game is fantastic. It's one of the best games I've ever played. The atmosphere they create with the amazing graphics and general beauty of this game along with the amazing sound engineering just completely envelops you and really makes this game feel like it's its own world. If you haven't already tried it and you have a spare $20, this game is completely worth it even in it's current state, being an early access game."
76561198080864002,Recommended,264710,31042637,Posted: 9 April,all,DemonicBlood,This game is the 2nd best game ive played ita realy fun and can be terrifying however it can be leggy because its such a big complex game it is not supprising realy i love the gameplay and story I recomend this to anyone
,Recommended,264710,31243397,Posted: 19 April,all,AGGRESSIVEPEANUT,amazing. i got it while it was in early acess
,Recommended,264710,31216808,Posted: 18 April,all,🌑Luna🌑,This game is awesome even tho sometime scary but still fun the devs said they maybe gonna add multiplayer on it tho
,Recommended,264710,31259354,Posted: 20 April,all,LI0nleo,amazing game worth every penny was fun and a joy to play and get better every update with cool new exciting places to explore
,Recommended,264710,20583533,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,oh wow it's Dave,"Suprisingly well optimized game, and the devs aren't even finished in that department. Stunningly beautiful environments.Bugs are to be expected as with any early access game, but reporting them is quick and easy. The developers work hard to iron out kinks and improve gameplay regularly.Content is may seem limited for the time being, a lot of it depends on the difficulty of obtaining materials, but that makes perfect sense as one lone man in an alien ocean. The developers release timely updates and communicate well with the community, and there's a roadmap available online that outlines when the updates will come and what will be included. There's droves of content to be expected, but even now the game will entertain you for hours.The game is not tagged as a horror game, but it will give your balls a run for their money. Play the game with headphones for optimal skin crawlies.Grab the fishies with your hands.Semi-sexy AI voice."
76561198191611387,Recommended,264710,21883921,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Магнус Красный,"It's a very good game, but it just don't want to launch on my ASUS laptop with two videocards: Intel HD 4000 and NVIDIA GEFORCE 750m. On Nvidia graphics driver it's not launching, and Intel videocard is just too weak even for system requirements. May you fix it, please?"
76561198284825612,Recommended,264710,29220839,Posted: 13 January,all,The Alien Sniper,hey everyone if u r contemplating on getting this game... just get it.its an amazing game with a lot of potential and has my stamp of approval.there are a couple of minor issues like frame rate drop not loading and some others but i love this game to bits so just get it.
,Recommended,264710,24866768,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,HesitantNova,"Still missing some content, such as more defensive weapons and Multi-player. Until Multi-player is added I don't believe I'll be playing too much except to check the updates out tbh."
76561197979852698,Recommended,264710,24883591,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Tekk_know,"One of the better survival exploration games out there.  The art is beautiful and the gameplay is engaging.  If you like exploring unique and creatively designed words give this a try.  Also, while you're at it, pick up The Long Dark as its right up there at the top as well."
76561198033189187,Recommended,264710,24889904,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Thunderbear,"This game still has a lot of bugs - short draw distance, low FPS, 'dropping' out of bases/through the ground and easily corrupted game saves are the ones I find worth mentioning.Yet, it is an interesting and novel game. The 'figure it out as you go along' approach and alien environment is strangely appealing.In a weird sense it has sort of made me less uncomfortable with oceans,Although encountering the Reaper Leviathan can leave you in need of clean underwear (Eel/facehugger/dinosaur crossover with a propensity for 'hugging' you slightly to death)The game nudges you to go a little past your comfort level to get new/lost tech and resources.You end up exploring a lot, getting lost a lot and screaming 'oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I need air!' a lot.Right now there are no real missions apart from staying alive. Sure, you end up gathing tech and building a base + pimping it out, but that is just curiosity getting the better of you.And it will.You can pick up 'signals' but they are not actual missions, just beacons for 'go look at something'When the bugs are ironed out and missions/goals are added, this is going to be a very good game."
76561198119564148,Recommended,264710,24868200,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,TOAST MALONE,If it had multiplayer I would probably have 500+ hours on this game.
,Recommended,264710,24889309,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Ari,ok so im in experimental. everything was going great. Until i head to the aurora. the corridor leading to the living quarters is gone. i walk in and i clip thorugh the ship. the exosuit fragments are not there. nor are the hanging exosuits in the bay. my F***ing lifepod drifted 3000 meters away from the its original postition. when i came to the pod it was drifting so fast i had to use 2 batteries on my seaglide to catch up with it. i will post pictures on my profile. here is the linkhttp://steamcommunity.com/id/TARDIS30001/home/i know its in development so there will be some bugs. i like the game alot and hope there are more improvements. But for now im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ play in non-experimental mode is what i recommened.
76561198064836514,Recommended,264710,14545418,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,[40th]apachescout209,"Beautiful game.  The world is always in motion, and the crafting system is well made.  The only warning I would give to people intrested in this game is that it is kind of laggy if your computer isn't up to par like mine.  It will still work just not as well."
,Recommended,264710,14044103,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,HawKDesigns52,"This is a great game, i give it a 10 out of 10 based off of gameplay and artstyle, but if your looking for a complete game its not quite there yet"
,Recommended,264710,15357194,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,ΛrKeeZz,"I really love this game, but i want co-op. i recommend this game to everyone!"
76561198362752674,Recommended,264710,30718561,Posted: 24 March,all,McThePopCornPig,Personly i love the game but im running it on low graphics and low resolution witch cuts the screen a bit I have an hp pc running windows 10 it says I need to upgrade my GPU wich is holding me back from using highest  graphics and the best resolution but over all i love this game 5 stars :)
,Recommended,264710,15333988,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Jontosaurus,"Absolutely Stunning!This game is vibrant, immersive and at moments thrilling.The exploration in this game is fantastic with beautiful underwater sights, the base building and crafting is cool and the survival mode is challenging. Overtall this is a great game that I highly recommend."
,Recommended,264710,15706090,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,TAKE ITTTT!!!,"yes I recommend, first I liked how you could do things in a free world yes theirs a few bugs but not big it feels like theirs no limit you can make sea bases and there still updating the game I think its going to be amazing"
76561198055179394,Recommended,264710,15180031,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Dragola901,"Great game, even though there has only been a few updates the game is very stable except for the few bugs (power regenerating to 100% on load, some wildlife glitching in walls or going through them, etc.). If you enjoy a survival type underwater game, then look no further for the answer is here, Subnautica!!! Can't wait to see what comes next!!!"
76561198170859825,Recommended,264710,15645543,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,SUPERAWESOMEDEETZEEGUY,"I like the graphics- the developers did a good, good job. However, if you are standing up and you look down, you may seem a little deformed...Other than that though, this game will keep you occupied for hours on end. An interesting take on survival games, I feel as though I could honestly reccomend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,264710,15047325,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Sam,"I wont go into details as that's been done, but for what has been built in this game so far it is fantastic. The atmosphere is incredible, helped massively by the awesome soundtrack.I have a habit of getting bored very quickly on any game that requires solo resource gathering, but this game makes it fundamentally more fun with the constant feeling of danger, cave exploration, figuring out how to move objects to gain access to caves, and of course being a slave to your oxygen supply. I've only played this game for a few hours but not once was I bored during it.I cannot wait to see what else they implement to make the underwater survival more complex, but for now as I have my Cyclops it's time to build a base!"
76561198067020673,Recommended,264710,16276733,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,internalfire,Awesome game! I've been waiting for a game like this for 2 years. Just excellent 10/10!
76561198070719684,Recommended,264710,16093965,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,[NCE] Dirpy Turtle,Got the game a while backi suck at itbuy itand you will not regret iti know i diden'tits gudbuy now
,Recommended,264710,15892603,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,JTG gaming,this game is the best one i have played since Minecraft!!!go devs of subnautica!!!
76561198150581786,Recommended,264710,31085490,Posted: 11 April,all,Mbiggz,"I just love this game. I can't wait for the full version and can't wait to see how the story ends! I even have a world that I have spent 24+ hours on! (I know, I have no life :P). Strongly recommend"
,Recommended,264710,16050947,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Sreenaph,Loving this game. So many different areas to explore and it all transitions very well for an early access. I feel the physics have been nailed down pretty damn well also. Def a steal for the price.
,Recommended,264710,15804917,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Portizoa,"best submarine/""what the **** was that noise"" simulator 2015 10/10"
,Recommended,264710,15781454,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,DeathByToast,Early Access? HAH!Try Early Accsexy as ♥♥♥♥.11/10 DBT
76561198096783857,Recommended,264710,31054563,Posted: 9 April,all,Super Cat Elvis,"This game is awesome there are giant guns, fish, sharks, insane fish, giant explosions and much more to explore it also has a great story."
,Recommended,264710,15442242,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Silence Lena,Don't wanna meet the Leviathan.. I don't even know what he looks like!... But the Garryfish are nice! 112/10
,Recommended,264710,15339978,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,MJ♥ cs.money,I have not really tried it so I can not ragtigt recommend it for now but I've seen videor about it and so much fun out so I bought it it is very fun and you live ubder water where you start on a boat but you can jump out of it and into the water it's a whole island fULL OF H2O 100% H2O
,Recommended,264710,15346362,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Dalvito,"Absolutely amazing game, even though it is in early access! I have had this game for around a year now and not once have I regret buying it. The developers are constantly working to update it and add awesome stuff. Just recently they added new shaders, lighting, and a new sky which looks absolutely gorgeous. The new creatures they are adding soon look amazing and also terrifying (which is great).  It is fun to play in both the survival mode and the creative mode. With a good computer, this game will be gorgeous and smooth but even with a lower end computer, it should still run fine by sacrificing small details and shader effects. The audio is also amazing and with good sound canceling headphones, it can seriously make you feel like you're in an alien ocean, surrounded by alien fish. I would definitely recommend Subnautica."
76561198023859237,Recommended,264710,15015796,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Chocodiles,Fun on a bun
,Recommended,264710,14942912,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,computer boy,10/10 needs more titanium
76561198069715787,Recommended,264710,15224466,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Stenkk4,"This game is just pure gold. The environment, sounds, music, all just pure awesome.Pretty fast game to learn and do stuff in and it is just beautiful... First 5 minutes I was basically just going between bottom and surface just looking the area around me, admiring the view.After that I got in the exploring. And Im never been so scared as I've been playing this game... I mean, the unknown out there creeps me out, and the plain fear of drowning is much greater than getting killed by anything.Few minor bugs here and there, but I really dont care about it, its still in development, and I cannot wait for the next updates...12/10, Great game!"
76561198281867275,Recommended,264710,31063217,Posted: 10 April,all,BangableMonkey,"What a great game, could be better if it didn't crash as often but it is what it is,"
,Recommended,264710,15716794,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Foolishsnowman,Underwatery Goodness.
,Recommended,264710,14551535,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Derp,"Still very early on in development, but the team behind it are dedicated. I've recieved 4 updates in 1 day at times. The gameplay and sound design are very intriguing and unique as well. If you're skeptical of early access games you may want to steer clear for now, as content is kinda lacking, but keep your eyes on this game as it appears that the Dev team is extremely devoted, transparent, and hardworking. Devlopments updates and schedule are available onhttps://trello.com/b/yxoJrFgP/subnautica. If you've ever wanted to scuba dive and explore the ocean, even if you're landlocked this is the game for you."
,Recommended,264710,25175653,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Adeeno,"probably one of the best games iv bought over the years, the graphics are amazing tho there are a few visual bugs iv stumbled across, a interesting storyline that the player must explore the massive ocean to find clues about potential survivors from abandoned stations spread across most biomes in the ocean, the building is very well put together tho theres not ALOT of things to build YET, about each month they release a big update that adds a ton of items and new parts of the ocean to explore, new creatures,ship upgrades, i mean they even added a mech last update which is pretty sweet, there are bugs as expected from such a large sandbox game however thier ingame bug reporting system is simple and straight to the point. when you first start the game, that first night in that ocean hearing all these crazy creatures making rather hostile howls and such while trying to maintain your own life brings that feeling of unknown because in reality you dont know what those noises are, but at the same time, with it bieng a futuristic game the plant life and creatures emit this glow that is really beautiful. i honestly say this game is 10/10 which i almost never do. also they dont charge AAA prices for an indie game like a certain..space......game ""cough"""
76561198275502479,Recommended,264710,30885065,Posted: 1 April,all,(TKD) Darth_Revan,Needs Mods!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,264710,15406399,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,fryguy506,"I got 2 frames, but those we're the best 2 frames EVER!"
76561198053731504,Recommended,264710,23745409,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Rayote,"This is my one of my dream games brought to live.I always wanted to be able to play a game where I was a survivor of a giant space craft crash, and actuly have something to do with which crash........even though it is a Early access game, I Love this game!I would go as far as to mark this game as horror, since well this combines my most feared things... depths and giant dinasor type living creatures...theire is anbsolute ton of bugs and they have yet to be adressed, not many of which are game breaking.I might go as far as to buy a couple more keys to give more support to the devolpers..."
,Recommended,264710,23719867,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Elecid,"A nice game, take me 34 hour of the fun, terror  and mysterious.Although the story line still not complete and with a little of texture glitch, this game is still magnificant.You will know which creatures are dangerous by just look, you will hear the sound of the monster around you, but you never know what lie ahead before you deep down the ocean.Will you brave enough to dive into the darkness ?"
,Recommended,264710,23731656,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,JosephRaynor,"Very promising game, incredible scenery, fun gameplay, and a survival game like none I've played before"
76561198009921949,Recommended,264710,23600422,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,KinKaray,"Great game...Still in early access, but with every new update, new features are beeing added to the game! :D"
,Recommended,264710,23577603,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,austinbatman,"Probably the best VR game u have ever played, well worth the money, still has a bunch of VR specific bugs but I'm confident they will hammer them out."
76561198084781815,Recommended,264710,23590987,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,mulenexii,this is an amazing game and its only in an early stage
,Recommended,264710,23592150,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,griffin.jasmyne,"For the time I have played Subnautica it has been really fun, but recently everything has been changing, like the terrain would suddenly disappear from underneath the pod. The terrain would be gone and i would swim about 300m and there would still be no ground. And the Aurora would just disappear and so would the floating island, which is where my main base is with all my items! Then suddenly my mouse would stop working and i can't steer myself. But my mouse would work fine when i go to the menu.I really like this game and I really want to continue so I can get the cyclops, but because its a early release there's problems. I may have to take a break from playing until it gets more updates."
76561198004810455,Recommended,264710,23648238,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Kazuma,"Great game for survival game lovers. Underwater exploration is something I never experienced in any other game. The only thing I found that is keeping me to play for more is the scary feeling I have the more I go deeper. You always under threat from alien creatures and underwater is very dark. Of course, for many this is how its suppose to be and adds to realisim but for me it is way to scary."
,Recommended,264710,21239692,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,elon,"Its a nice game if you like exploring, speending a lot of time, and crafting.This is my system for those who want to know:Intel I5 4100u (@2,7 ghz and ca. 50% usage wihle playing)Nvidia Geforce (GT) 840m8 GB ram (wihle playing 6-7 GB in usage)Results:  30-40 fps @ 1240x720 (normal HD) and highest settingsNEW THOUGHS:The nex big thing you could work on:- a multiplayer- Performanc improves"
,Recommended,264710,23711194,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Spearfox,Minecraft meets alien ocean world.+ Beautiful visuals+ Exploration is rewarded+ Can be terrifying- Early Access- Can't wait for version 1.0!
76561198108652080,Recommended,264710,23126513,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dr.Womburger,"Good game, as long as it keeps getting updates. Can feel repetitive after you play it for 12+ hours."
,Recommended,264710,29387431,Posted: 20 January,all,Blox_,"Subnautica is a eary access  underwater survival adventure game. In my experience, I have found it very enjoyable, and it's not even done yet. The dev continue to update the game, adding new content to enjoy. In my opinion, you should get it.However, you're probably question the game still, due to the amount of negitave reviews. The majority of those reviews are from people that are experiencing premormance issues and crashs. They fail to understand that this game is NOT done. The devs are focusing on finishing the game's content and other things BEFORE polishing up the game's engine and whatnot. While it is a bit of an inconvenient way to do things, it's how they are doing it.So, if you buy the game, go in knowing that there will be preformance issues and some crashes. Have fun!"
,Recommended,264710,21823693,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ThatGuyUSA,Game is good.But needs optimization.I still love it though!
76561198081860507,Recommended,264710,30050452,Posted: 19 February,all,SneezyAnus,"Good stuff... kinda laggy, well SUPER laggy. still good though."
76561198053215698,Recommended,264710,30230763,Posted: 27 February,all,Lauleyhn,Hope you like water. Because there's lots of it. Comes in different colors and temperatures as well.
,Recommended,264710,31756051,Posted: 14 May,all,Flying Salamander,"Fantastic game, brilliantly put together, a multiplayer portion would be good, but even without this game is amazing"
76561198247932644,Recommended,264710,31715311,Posted: 12 May,all,Brometheus,terrifying
,Recommended,264710,31845445,Posted: 19 May,all,mason1920,"Great game, too bad I can't play it on my computer. I use Debian GNU/Linux and would love to see this come out for it. My question to the dev(s) of this game is, why haven't you made it for GNU/Linux yet? I know you can, It's made in Unity which supports GNU/Linux, this makes me mad you haven't done this yet. However i still recommend this game for those who have Windows OS or Mac OS."
,Recommended,264710,31834275,Posted: 18 May,all,HaloStalkerz,"This is the best open world game I've ever played, Going in my Top 3 favorite games, I recommend this game if you like Open World, Survival games."
76561198363887373,Recommended,264710,31847568,Posted: 19 May,all,Screwsee,"Great game. I thought I wasn't going to like it, but it turned out great. You can explore, build and swim to your heart's content. In the daytime, I swim out into the kelp forests and search for new lifeforms. At night, I get in my submarine and turn the lights on, waiting to be found by a gigantic seamonster. It's a hoot!"
76561198028060081,Recommended,264710,31846344,Posted: 19 May,all,Cougar99,"When I play survival games, I like to take my time, I enjoy worrying about my levels of thirst and hunger, I want surviving to be a major part of the game. Subnautica has a lovely balance of chasing fish for nurishment and exploration, as you progress your hunger and thirst become less of an issue but it is still very much a part of the game.The exploration aspect of the game is in my opinion where this game shines far above the rest, the objective isn't new for survival games, however, the presentation is excellant. The ocean is a wonderous place filled with colourful plant life, cute little fishes to call friends and horrifying leviathans desperate to eat you whole, not to mention aspects I feel are best left to be discovered yourself.To help you survive this wonderous and dangerous place you have the ability to build small habitats, which, after much exploration, can be built up into sprawling underwater bases filled with alien containment pods, gardens, nuclear power plants and moonpools to store your small submersibles, and when the depths call your name your able to construct a large submarine capable (after a few upgrades) of traversing the deeps darkest parts of the ocean.For an early access game the graphics are beautiful and while not yet properly optimized I have no issues running at 60 fps on my average desktop. The sound is where this game truely shines nothing will prepare you for that first instance of hearing a leviathan calling from the deep, or the 'whale' call of the reef backs. A decent pair of headphones is highly recommended!"
,Recommended,264710,25191947,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Andoo,"This is the most unique survival game I have played, and I don't believe that there is one that's better. The deep ocean has always been one of my biggest fears, and this game brought me an intricate experience as I was able to explore a vast world full of detailed things."
76561198230264960,Recommended,264710,24280322,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,princefluffg,"Great game Epic graphics, and overall BEAUTIFUL. A little confusing but otherwise one of the best games i`ve played. Can`t belive its beta"
76561198311478475,Recommended,264710,24516910,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,dragnman71,"excellent fresh idea for a game, lot's to do!!!"
76561198127002952,Recommended,264710,24569407,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,GameNutz,"What can I say about this game.There are so many great things to write about here.This game although in early access is fun to play and the graphics are mind blowing.It is truly a beautiful game.The colours and creatures under the water are perfect and amazing.Building,crafting,collecting,exploring and trying to stay allive.This game has it all.Devs updating and adding to the game all the time.The game just keeps getting better and better with all the new stuff added.I have played pc games for the last 20 years and have played some great ones.This one falls into one of the greats for me.I would reccomend Subnautica without a doubt,even now in early access there is no way I can fault this game.Give it a try you wont be sorry! 10/10 An absolute gem of a game :)"
,Recommended,264710,23938460,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Safety Squint,"Like the ocean, this game is far deeper than you realize."
76561198341779914,Recommended,264710,31136521,Posted: 14 April,all,[RISKY]Jamieod85,it dosnt update for me and i like how the warpers and the animations were made
76561198064475282,Recommended,264710,24213700,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,RiledWumpus,Fantastic game. Beautiful and fun. Try it!
76561198084163115,Recommended,264710,25723327,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Wispy Combover,"This game piqued my interest as I first stumbled upon a written preview of it somewhere. So I promptly purchased it and off I went to explore the vast oceans of this planet I seem to have crashed upon. The Aurora is in a sorry state, and I am having problems envisioning a way of ever being able to return home. I suppose I could have been stranded in worse places. The atmosphere is breathable, the water is warm and clear, and the indigenous life-forms seems friendly enough (at least the ones I have seen so far - and they don't taste too bad either, which is always a plus). Since I am to establish a colony here I do hope that at least one of the women got off the Aurora alive (although if that one woman turned out to be Gunnery Sgt. Rosie Grantham I'd rather we spend our days on opposite sides of the planet - if there ever was an obvious bull♥♥♥♥♥♥she certainly is one).So, my first day on this planet (that I have yet to name), was spent stopping the escape-pod from trying to kill me, and then scouting my immediate vicinity. The oceans are very much alive with a cacophony of sound and bioluminescence - it is actually breathtakingly beatiful.The second day was much the same. I figured out how to use the on-board fabricator, but in order to operate it I will need to gather raw materials from the local environment. Fine, venture out to the sea once again. ""Oh look! Large underwater tree-like structures ... so pretty! And there's something swimming around down there ... I've not seen those fish yet, I wonder if... OH CRAP WTF WAS THAT?""So yes. It's a survival game set mostly underwater. It is very pretty, and it runs well. I have only dipped my toes into this game as of yet, but I am really looking forward to further aquatic adventures."
,Recommended,264710,21289228,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,wiseman.119,"Just a gorgeous game.  Obviously lovingly put together and frequently updated.  I can easily recommend grabbing this one especially during a sale.  However, I have a few small issues with Subnautica.  First, I do wish there was more to do.  Obviously this is still early access, but once you've built a couple neato bases and explored the biomes it starts to drag.  There are a few 'storyline' objectives, but they will last you for a few hours only.  While there is room for much more, as of this review it does feel like the games potential is still untapped.Second I've heard that fish and resources don't repopulate which seems a little silly for a game based around an ecosystem, and while I understand it forces exploration, it does make the areas surrounding your bases very sparse.  I can only suggest fishing from various biomes in moderation.Third, no mulitplayer.  Multiplayer would be a gamechanger.  Exploring the depths with a friend, helping eachother make repairs and stay alive.  Would be amazing.  I can imagine it would be a nightmare to implement, but even just 2 player co-op would be a dream.With any or all of these issues addressed this would be a 10/10 game to me but even so, I can wholeheartedly recommend this game.  Grab it at full price, grab it on sale.  Its a good 'un.+Graphics are pretty spectacular (mouth dropping at some places)+Crafting is fairly intuitive and fun+Exploring is encouraged and rewarded+Diverse biomes+Interactive flora and fauna+Neato base building+Vehicles are pretty cool- No sexy mermaid women- Limited in scope (mostly due to being early access)- No multiplayer- Static resources"
,Recommended,264710,23561780,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,J,the game crashes upon start up of new game and pc spec are above recomended and the game refuses to load ive tried launch options and lowest possible setting and can move around in a new world for about 30 sec then the game freezes and i can still hear noises from the game but are unable to play.
,Recommended,264710,23916301,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Aerodash,What could easily be dismissed as yet another early access survival game on Steam is saved by a unique premise that is utilized horrifyingly well. Fish monster anxiety is the true enemy.
,Recommended,264710,24143522,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,normalsauce,"Beautiful game. Still early accessy and buggy, but not overly and the system to report bugs is really easy."
76561198031253569,Recommended,264710,25709513,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Dread,Very good game. If you like the desover servival typ of games then this is for you.
76561198167937594,Recommended,264710,24205787,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,xXMagicalBadgicalXx,"really good gameit is not much yet, but the plans for the future are incredibly interestingthe graphics are great and the bugs are not very frequent (when they do occur, they arent that bad)if you like aliens and underwater exploration with a mix of survival, give this game a try"
76561198163649913,Recommended,264710,23447463,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Q_r_A_n_G_£,I love this game and cant stop playing it.Though there are a few bugs here and there and it can be (at times) scarty as ALL HELLlove it╱╱┏╮╱╱┃┃▉━╯┗━╮▉┈┈┈┈┃▉╮┈┈┈┃╱╰━━━╯
76561198088467851,Recommended,264710,23508399,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Security Guard Ben,This game is awsome even if i have a not so good computer...Still good 100/100 would always play
76561198103279161,Recommended,264710,23502817,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,siuls,"i think this game has so much content and in a future will be one of the best survival in the market, it just have to improve to fix bug (so many bugs)"
76561198307670319,Recommended,264710,23503031,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Pootis Dispenser,"This game may only be in early access ,but it is great.It has it's bugs here and there ,but what would you expect from a early access game it isn't finished yet,but I would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,264710,24730363,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sheldon,Great game!I highly recommend this game to everyone with a good PC!I'm always suprised about the features there are in this game (I went inside the Aurora and found an island...)
76561198027794075,Recommended,264710,23284071,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,cheezit33167,"After almost 150 hours of play time i guess it's time to give this game the glowing review it deserves.Have you ever wanted to catch and eat the most adorable fish ever?Have you ever wanted to build a giant submarine, paint it bright pink and name it Reginald?Does building needlessly huge underwater bases appeal to you?Do you want to go down to the deepest darest depths of the ocean and find strange and beautiful creatures thaat want to bite your head off?If you answered yes to any of these questions, buy this game.  If not, buy this game anyway.Super pretty and  original, immersive and low key fun.  It has its issues, but that's okay, it's still early access.  Very polished and professional early access, but still with the occasional glitch.  The devs are fully involved and actually listen to feedback from the players.  There's a major update usually about once a month and with almost every update i gladly start a new game because there's usually fun new content to mess around with.It is simultaneously the most relaxing and terrifying game ever.  You will find yourself looking up from gathering all the quartz you can find to just gaze at the enviroment for a while. At least until a large shadow crosses your view, then you run like hell for your mini sub and have a good cry while something with lots of teeth gnaws upon your sub.Just a gem of original design, from the graphics and sound, to the decision to have only non-leathal weapons, to the obvious care and pride taken in creating this strange and beautiful world.  A great game worthy of your support.  Buy it!"
76561198271608259,Recommended,264710,23401187,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Doctor Coctor,"This is the best survival gmae that I have ever played, it is beautiful and is a new spin on old boring survival games. I absolutely love it!"
76561198095484368,Recommended,264710,23411409,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Frost,Can We Get a CO-OP? mode plz i want to invite my friends to my world and work as a team. Think that will make it into game?
,Recommended,264710,20241309,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,☠ Onwardshadow,"Subnautica is yet another early access survival game. It follows many of the survival game steryotypes by having a randomly generated world, crafting, building, and an emphasis on exploration. Is this a bad game because it does the same thing as other games? No. Rather it does something unique, the game takes place primarily under water. This opens up many opportunities, most of which have not yet been explored by other survival games. Is it unique enough though? To be honest I can't really decide, as there might already have been a survival game which did this. But the real question is, is it a good game? I can answer that with yes. Despite that this game could use a bit more content, specifically below all of the current biomes, it is still a decent game for the shape it is in. 4/5."
,Recommended,264710,32246173,Posted: 7 June,all,ZymurgGaming,I hate that you cant go back to other updates if you dont have the recuirements im wondering if the Devs can do that for all the updates >:(PLZ
76561198319531064,Recommended,264710,32243239,Posted: 7 June,all,Michael Bobb,2 words. JUST AMAZING!!! the game is so well done so well thought out and the story oh my god! it may not be done yet but its still a really fun game. i really recommend it even my crappy graphics card its runs well.  its well worthy of a higher price for this game for 20 dollars your getting a bargain
76561198138576904,Recommended,264710,32243860,Posted: 7 June,all,Killerkeendog,This is the best game iv'e game played sence Call Of Duty 4: Modern Warfare.
,Recommended,264710,32233439,Posted: 6 June,all,Slipy_Falltea,"Awesome game, If you like survial games or ARK get this game, it's worth it."
76561198273730478,Recommended,264710,32239394,Posted: 7 June,all,justin.crause,"I have really been enjoying this game. The graphics are stunning for an early access, love the base building and the joy of finding new blueprints. I do hope they do not cave and go multiplayer, just too much hassle with degredation of the community, which I have seen in every multiplayer game I have played. As of now, the community seems wonderful, which does justice to such a beautifully crafted game."
,Recommended,264710,32240697,Posted: 7 June,all,Mein Fapper,"This game is incredible!!! The it shows both the beauty and the terror of an alien ocean, you have an incredibly giant world to explore full of funny, cute and terrifying creatures, the deeper you go the scarier it gets, but theres amazing scenery as beautiful life has developed under the ocean. I HIGHLY recommend this is definetly one of the most entertaining games on steam and the price is an amazing deal theres just so much content that its crazy! if your unsure if you're want to buy the game TRUST ME get this game you wont regret it!"
76561198050280919,Recommended,264710,32245466,Posted: 7 June,all,Nachos,Totally good.But if you're like me then all you do is use commands to see all the animals and go to all the places.
76561198069391931,Recommended,264710,32227231,Posted: 6 June,all,♥IT'S_MUFFIN_TIME♥,"Awesome game with a lot of depth!The story is really cool. The terrain is awesome. And the gameplay fits everyone.I'm one of those people who has 2 saves.1: Story save2: Creative saveLike I said, the story is great and makes you want to play more. But the creative side is also fun for when you just want to relax and build your under water mansion. You can make the game as hard and adventures as you want.The grapics are beautiful, the creatures are cool/insane, the scenery is great and ambiance is awesome.Love to see more of the game!"
76561198127950145,Recommended,264710,20034921,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Its Not Rocket Science,They should really make it more clear that this is a horror game...10/10 Would have my heart stop then my Cyclops destroyed by a Sea Dragon again
,Recommended,264710,17182453,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,AgentSly,i whiped my butt while i was in the bathroom and i cut my♥♥♥♥♥hole with a peice of penut i had in a snickers.
,Recommended,264710,17132737,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,~Aki~,"There's something about this game that makes me want to keep playing it. It's so atmospheric and just easy and fun to get lost in. Also, I've jumped at terrors in the sea more than I jumped in Amnesia. You just get immersed and then when something startles you, it truely gets ya good.A+ can't wait to see the future of this."
76561198006298114,Recommended,264710,27079670,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kod666,"If you like crafting, exploration, looking at wonderful views and you are tired of fighting in games, you may like this game.The game provides very beautiful single player experience. It is really soothing.Unfortunately, the game has also a few drawbacks, mainly with performance after longer play :/."
76561197961066696,Recommended,264710,15009634,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,re-animated,This game is promising! Do not expect anything close to a full game but the fetaures implemented as of now are reall good. It might be premature but if this game implements 2 player coop I belive we have an excellent game at our hands.
,Recommended,264710,32335423,Posted: 10 June,all,A Spoopy Gwendolen Pennykettle,"Most early access indie survival games never make it past the alpha stage, and when they do they are utter crape.This game is very original, and rather than trying to be the next minecraft strays off from the usual formula, there is still mining, crafting, and hunting however there is so much more than that.In this game there is high attention to detail and new lands and discoveries just waiting for the player to see. The unique flora and flauna cover the landscape, I been following this game for 4 years and I cannot wait to bingeplay it when it is finally in full release (coming this summer 2017!)"
,Recommended,264710,16953623,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,succy succy 10 buccy,"Start GamePlay for a while, having funVoice warns me of explosionStarts countdownFriend on skype call is watching FlinstonesRight as explosion happens, hears YABBA DABBA DOO10/10"
,Recommended,264710,25184956,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Jhon Ebgret,"Awesome game! It's gotta be one of my favorite survival games out there.If you get it, (which I reccomend) be prepared to be scared.Be prepared to be adventurous.Be prepared..."
76561198032228743,Recommended,264710,32384658,Posted: 13 June,all,Fighting Fish <'><,"The game is good, but my, the OPTIMIZATION, work on it.Game load takes 2+ minutes, constant freezes even on recommended settings, it all makes games almost unplayable on my PC, yet even much more graphically advanced games run smoothly on medium-high settings(prey, witcher, etc)."
,Recommended,264710,31928846,Posted: 23 May,all,Vaeiv,"Very interesting lore on this game, do not spoil yourself and play it."
76561198091196841,Recommended,264710,30757059,Posted: 26 March,all,Callisto,"Probably my favorite game, subnautica is a unique survival experience. Finding new recipes and creating them might be one of the most satisfying things i have ever experienced in a game before. Going out of your lifepod and scavenging resources while avoiding the predators of the oceanic planet is surprisingly a very laid back, relaxing activity for me. The base building in this game is extremely enjoyable due to the vast amounts of variations you can build. The game may be a little hard to pick up in the beginning, but once you have the hang of it, exploring, crafting, fighting and fleeing creatures, and finding out the backstory of the planet and survivors of the crash is extremely interesting and fun. The Devs work extremely hard on this game and release updates around once a month. I have gone through the game and gotten everything about 5 times and i'm still hooked and having a fun time. Definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for something new to play. The only downside to this game is the price, once the game is fully out im sure it will be worth the 20 dollars, but for now i would recommend waiting for a sale like i did"
76561198283054120,Recommended,264710,23457962,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Alexorio,"The best game ever!Glad to see changes in game every month!Every time i open smth new for me in hours of gameplay)There are still many bugs,but game goes in right flow!"
76561198371733214,Recommended,264710,31347326,Posted: 24 April,all,The Vault,k
,Recommended,264710,31344327,Posted: 24 April,all,AHRI,One of the best there could possibly be
,Recommended,264710,31331242,Posted: 23 April,all,konst,"This game is awesome, but not yet ready. The game has tons of content, interesting ""story"", even in this state. It doesn't crash however has a ton of glitches and I think some game breaking ones where you fall through *things, that I cannot tell about because spoilers*. I usually never buy early access any more, however this time I thought I can trust the guys who made Natural Selection 2. I think I well leave it untill ready."
,Recommended,264710,23485324,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,LordAcrobear,This game would be perfect if there would me co-op
,Recommended,264710,28103902,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Urbi3x,It is a great an beautiful game. It really feels like you are on another planet.
,Recommended,264710,17591674,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Katar,"OVERVIEWSubnautica is an early access game where you take control of a diver who has become stranded on an oceanic alien world and must find materials and craft to survive. I've liked Subnautica so far being new to 'crafting games' and I feel l barely touched the surface of what this game has to offer(I don't even have the submarine yet). The one thing you should remember if getting Subnautica though is it's still an early access game(abet a solid one), avoid the mistake of buying this and expecting some 60$ full priced game with tons of content and hours of things to do. Subnautica shows lots of promise, but still isn't there yet and still feels very bare bones, however it's still a very enjoyable experience.PROSThe world and ecosystem feel alive. Schools of alien fish will swim around, you'll see underwater mushrooms growing, and brightly colored reefs dot the ocean floor. It's very fun to explore and makes finding the materials that you will need to craft enjoyable. I haven't gotten that far into the game yet, but there's also giant alien sharks and giant squids that will prey on you that you have to avoid.The game manages to have its own atmosphere which is nice. The music and sounds along with the art style give the game its own sci-fi identity that adds some character to the world.Crafting and finding the materials needed is fun and feels rewarding.The deeper depth you go the darker things get and more dangerous creatures lurk down there, along with greater and rarer crafting materials. Most of the time, you'll need a flashlight, a knife, and an air sack in case anything goes wrong. It adds an almost survival horror element to the game, which I liked.CONSGame is still early access, expect the typical lack of polish and features.Some bugs, framerate drops, and weird textures. Again expect the early access-nessThe crafting system is somewhat confusing in it's early state. Especially since most of the items are exotically named since it's an alien world. It would be nice if there was a in game guide or if you could pin crafting formulas on your PDA to show what you needed quickly without navigating menus.ENDING NOTESIf the idea of exploring underwater or if you enjoy crafting games like Minecraft - Terraria - etc then you'll probably enjoy Subnautica. I can see how some people would find this game boring and it's still in its early access stage, but I'm expecting good things from this game so far."
,Recommended,264710,31452764,Posted: 29 April,all,Barzillai,"YO!..Dis game...dis game is da bomb. Dis game is like when your little and your like ""man I want a peanut butter fluff sandwich"" and then mom walks in the door and she's like ""yo dawg, here's a submarine"". For real. One minute your swimmin and your like ""hey is that a shiny down there?"" so you go to look and then you hear a muthafriggin tiger next to you and if theres one..theres like 200 of those little mofos. You get a real sense of dread when you swimmin out in the ocean and you hear somethin screaming out in the distance but you just gotta know what it is. Like when keisha call me and she like ""we need to talk"" and I'm like ""nuh uh, that baby ain't mine"". REAL F.E.A.R. This game made me never wanna go to near any large body of water ever again. Matter fact, I been goin to the home depot and buyin up all a concrete powder every week just so I can fill the ocean in. You needa stop what you doin. Get this game and then invest in some concrete cuz dis game."
76561198005421024,Recommended,264710,31512102,Posted: 2 May,all,Ghost,"This is geniunely early access done right.I've had this game for years now, and i'm still amazed by the consistent stream of meaningful and consistent update the dev release more or less once a month. This game has evolved from a beautiful underwater adventure that was still lacking content and was somewhat unintuitive, into a truly immersive and polished game.Hats off to the dev, really. You guys can turn original and somewhat crazy ideas of games and do it right (also thinking about NS2 right there). You people deserve praises and I don't regret every cent I've given you, actually I honestly feel like I've ripped you off by only paying the game 20€ (or was it 15 at the time ? I don't even remember).Highly recommended, for the game that subnautica is and for how it is handled by its makers."
76561198025508170,Recommended,264710,31154731,Posted: 15 April,all,Crazy Monkey,When i was younger i feared the ocean.Thanks to this game i fear it again.Pros:-Simply gorgeous and creative. I am a man who really isn't interested in the look of landscapes in games but this game a made me do something that i never do. Just sit there and look at the beautiful landscape.-Large world to explore-Great game at making you scared and paranoid when you are exploring the open seas.Cons:-A bit buggy.-Can become a bit dull at timesPros/Cons:Exploring for me becomes a bit of a burden for me. But this depends on how much you like to explore.This game is great and you should get this game as soon as possible. 8/10
76561198015032643,Recommended,264710,24510491,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sualocin,Haven't played too many survival/crafting games but I really like this one.  The athesetic really appeals to me and it doesn't feel too grindy.  Developers are active and are creating a really interesting world too explore.  Plus I'm slowly getting over my crippiling fear of deep dark water filled with terrifing creatures.
76561198217176559,Recommended,264710,26164373,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,aleksander.grigorov,COOL COOL COOL
,Recommended,264710,31497230,Posted: 1 May,all,solid20de,"It just needs 3 words to describe this game:YES! YES! YES!!!If you like exploration, a really really really good dev team, that brings out tons of new content on a regular base, you have found what you were looking for. I will add in 4 Pics from ... ""structures"" you can build here. Pls let me also know if you like those :)WATCH OUT!! If you dont have your Big Submarine (i wont say the name) yet, you maybe dont wanna see those!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=917516370http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=917518726http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=912650835"
,Recommended,264710,31508968,Posted: 2 May,all,CapedCapybara,"How early access should be done. I got this game early on when there was just a few hours of content to do. Completed that and left the game for a few months, came back to so many more hours of new content. And repeat.The updates to this game are not super frequent BUT when they do release one, the content that comes with it is INCREDIBLE. Haven't tried it since the latest big patch but cannot wait to get back to this game.Also I HATE the ocean, it scares me. I don't like horror games (for most people this is not) but with my fear of the ocean sometime it feels like one...yet I keep going back...I will say that (remembering I haven't played the latest patch yet) optimisation needs to be a priority at some point. Once I have the vehicles built my game gets very laggy as it can't load in the map quick enough. That'd be my ONE bad point.11/10 would get eaten by the Reaper again."
76561198261039356,Recommended,264710,31328517,Posted: 23 April,all,DMSPKSP,"Subnautica.When we look up to the skies and wonder ""what's up there, what's out there"" and we wonder what could be above us in the vast universe, we neglect the ground beneath our feet. Subnautica takes that ground and throws it away, leaving us with only one thing, our skill, our wits, and our will to survive.This game covers everything. The largest aspect, exploration, is the most critical out of all of them. Subnautica allows for the player to roam a vast undersea world filled with many awe inspiring sights and eye opening creatures. The game immerses you far deeper than you could ever hope to go.The game truly brings everything together, and although the bugs can be annoying the rest of the game makes up for it.And hey, it runs on potato computers too!"
,Recommended,264710,30586011,Posted: 18 March,all,DoesThings101,"Its a great underwater game. I love it and had lots of fun playin it.About Subnautica: Completely riped of from Acituanbushttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzfx1QvKjn-BxLMLBdBGgMwSubnautica is an open world survival game in development by Unknown Worlds Entertainment.Subnautica allows the player to explore an aquatic alien planet by scuba diving and traveling in ,while collecting resources and food to survive. It was released on Steam Early Access on December 16, 2014, and is currently in development for Xbox One.The Xbox release was in August 2016.The player controls in first-person view the lone survivor of a crashed ship on an aquatic planet.The main objective of the player is to explore the open world environment and survive the dangers of the planet, while also continuing the story.Subnautica allows the player to collect resources, construct tools, bases, and submersibles, and interact with the planet's wildlife.Players must keep themselves adequately hydrated and fed, and must also maintain their oxygen supply while traversing underwater.The game also includes a day and night cycle.Subnautica was first announced by Unknown Worlds Entertainment on December 17, 2013, with Charlie Cleveland as the game director and lead gameplay programmer,and Hugh Jeremy as the producer.The development team opted to use the Unity engine rather than Spark, the engine used for the company's previous game,Natural Selection 2. Subnautica producer Hugh Jeremy justified this decision because of the different demands that the game places on the engine,and ""because [the team] does not include people working on Spark, it's not appropriate for Subnautica to use Spark. By using Unity for Subnautica,Spark can continue to develop in certain directions, while Subnautica develops in others. To use Spark for Subnautica would be to try and square peg a round hole.""The development team also opted against the inclusion of lethal weapons in the game. Charlie Cleveland, the game's director,described Subnautica as ""one vote towards a world with less guns,"" and had felt inspired by real life gun violence,including the Sandy Hook shooting, to encourage players to think about ""non-violent and more creative solutions to solve our problems.""Subnautica was released on Steam Early Access on December 16, 2014, and is currently in development for Xbox One.Subnautica was originally planned to be released on Xbox One on April 1, 2016, but was ultimately delayed by another month.Full V1.0 release is planned for September 2017."
,Recommended,264710,32530636,Posted: 18 June,all,Nevinkai,Best game to scare friends that are scared of water.
76561197971555404,Recommended,264710,14507659,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Brian Boru,I was worried as an early access game that it would be very rough and incomplete but for $20 I certainly feel like I got my money's worth. The game is very pretty while still managing to feel otherworldly and alien. There's a lot to polish but I'm not disapointed yet.
76561197999494448,Recommended,264710,14535647,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Paratrooper82,This game is one of the best Early Access games out there! Beautiful and stunning underwater world. Nice crafting. SUBMARINES YOU CAN BUILD! Explore the stunning depths of this alien underwater planet! Just amazing!I recommend this!I REALLY HOPE THEY MAKE COOP! So many more people would buy it! Solo this game is awesome! WITH COOP this would be the best game out there :)
,Recommended,264710,26430957,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Motalux,"It is a really fun and beautiful game, but if you don't have a super good computer it WILL be very laggy.It is a early access game so that is a very glitchy.It is has super cool game with cool fauna."
,Recommended,264710,31351569,Posted: 24 April,all,✪ prngl,drowned10/10 best gaem
,Recommended,264710,32759000,Posted: 24 June,all,yo whens mahvel,i heard angry fish noises and quit to desktop
,Recommended,264710,32720933,Posted: 24 June,all,Gloria,I bought this game yesterday and its loads of fun to play.I really like it.
76561198188295571,Recommended,264710,32773310,Posted: 25 June,all,the diamond chopper,OMG when i first got this game i was like okay cool then i literally start crying because of how AMAZING this game is!!!!WORTH ITJUST A REMINDER DO NOT GO ON THE GOOGLE SUBNAUTICA MAP
,Recommended,264710,32752249,Posted: 24 June,all,Palpox,"Updated (now that I have had a chance to try the game)*********************************This game is fantastic!I mean ""Wow!""Most definitely a good buy! If you like open world you don't get more open than this. Very beautiful.I have an NVIDIA GeForce-651-Ti and the game runs great at maximum world detail and minimum water detail.I listened to others and have not looked at any maps online and would recomend others do the same. I am thoroughly enjoying the discovery. Lots of surprises.*********************************<edited> Directed at Steam......This has nothing to do with the game and I still fully recommend it. During the initial install, a catagory was added to my games library that I neither want nor can remove.When I installed this game, it was automatically put into both a ""VR"" catagory and the generic ""games"" catagory. What really upsets me is that I cannot remove the ""VR"" catagory from my Library tree.I do not use VR.It is only a small inconvenience when changes are made to my steam desktop without asking but it makes me crazy that I cannot undo the changes.Please Steam.... Don't force catagories on me. I'm a big boy that can figure out which games use VR and put them into a catagory all by my self."
,Recommended,264710,32532750,Posted: 18 June,all,rurumeto,On shipShip explodedWent to sleepPut out fireWent in waterGot infectedWatched ship explode againWatched other people explodeWatched fish explodeLava explodedCyclops explodedSeamoth explodedRespawnedFired torpedoTorpedo explodedSkin explodedWarper killed me10/10 would explode again
,Recommended,264710,32805411,Posted: 26 June,all,ShadowMaister,The game is just awesome! Plus we have almost weekly updates from the Dev's and the game is progressing at a high pace!
76561198209993809,Recommended,264710,32694536,Posted: 23 June,all,CosmicKnight,This game is one of the best ive played in a while.
76561198105851125,Recommended,264710,32717309,Posted: 24 June,all,Dimotres,good game :)
,Recommended,264710,32716914,Posted: 24 June,all,Exhanbuni,I'm short for time but i'll say it's worth your dime :D
76561198010899188,Recommended,264710,25762704,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Horrorclaus,"Cool, chill exploration/survive game."
76561198010898367,Recommended,264710,32632722,Posted: 21 June,all,Victor,1-Orders Game2-Creates a world3-Gets out lifepod4-Goes towards the Aurora(The Ship.)5-Sees big lizard thing6-Goes to it7-Realizes that it is a Reaper Liviathan8-Gets killed by the Reaper Liviathan + Shatted pants...11/10 would sh*t my pants again
,Recommended,264710,32691514,Posted: 23 June,all,wolfythenotrealpoet(nino),"I don't know how I feel about Subnautica really, since it's a horror survival game (the game is becoming more and more horror focused in more recent updates) and I don't like horror games. Good if you like horror and survival games with optional story and exploration."
,Recommended,264710,32008115,Posted: 27 May,all,Ghennkin,"Greeting possible future Subnautica player! Lets cut to the chase, play it. There really is nothing else like it and to the dev team's credit, they have done some incredible quality work here (the Cyclopes is just impressive as far as vehicles go) . Buy it. Turn the lights down. Relax. Do some divin'. I sincerely think it is worth it. Watch out for the hungry fauna.BUTSubnautica will probably never be popular and also never reach the levels of success of other survival games. I like this game but it also makes me pretty sad. Why? Well, there is a recipe to success when it comes to this genre. It looks a bit like this:Simple graphicsModding communityProcedurally generated mapsMultiplayerGood survival elementsGood crafting systemReplayabilityNo story or very lite story elements (its about surviving after all)""Yea okay. And?"" you say. Well, Subnautica devs took that recipe and threw it in the bin. The graphics are incredible. This is bad because now you have to create high poly models, spec maps, normal maps, hi-res textures, and animations (and whatever I'm forgetting). Its a massive amount of work and time to create a simple new item in a 3d game. This greatly slows development time and feature addition. I've had this game for a while now and little has really been added since I first bought it. They've stated there will never be modding potential for the game. There will never be multiplayer. The map is pretty small and hand crafted instead of randomly generated. There is no replayability unless you are truly obsessed with the game. Crafting is kinda silly. Surviving is also not really an issue. It's a story driven game with minor survival elements thrown in to give players something to do between plot points. So its story driven instead of survival and exploration driven and I'd imagine most people that have played are in no hurry to rush off the planet to the credits screen.A good survival game doesn't need everything from that list, but it needs enough of it to not forever remain obscure. Simple graphics like Minecraft's allow both the devs and modders to chun out new content and features at a break neck pace. It's just blocks. Modding fills out the game with fixes and new features lacking in the base game. Multiplayer adds replayability. Procedually generated maps means each game is different. Kinda starting to see the problem? Once you play through once, follow up play throughs just don't feel the same. Honestly, they're very boring. The map is the same every time. The Aurora is in the same place. The materials in the same biomes in the same location. And then the sadness creeps in.This game's concept alone is also a problem. You spend most your time underwater on an alien water planet. The number of creatures when you consider the vast nearly unlimited number in our own oceans is very very small. You are stuck on an oceanic plateau  and can't explore outside of it. The deepest you can go is if I remember ~1800m. By contrast, we've managed nearly ~11,000m irl. So what is the problem? The unlimited potential. You start thinking to yourself, ""it would be so cool if X"" or ""They should add y"". But you check the update timeline and very little has been added in nearly 2 years and little of that potential will ever then be realized. Especially without mod support. Its like looking into the dark and letting your imagination run wild with what is hiding just out of sight. You look out into that oceanic abyss and.. nothing. Maybe a new creature to prevent you from treading out into the nothing. By all accounts this game feels doomed already and its still in alpha. Quite a bummer. Personally, I get the impression the devs have realized this as well because there has been a greater emphasis on the story rather than gameplay as though they want to wrap it up and move on. The concept and idea leads to high expectations that may as well be impossible to fulfill.Still its worth one play through. Maybe try to grab it on sale. There are some optimizations still needed and the pop in is quite bad. Also, development is slow but they are continuously working on the game. You can even follow them on Trello. The nature of the game makes things move at a slower pace but greater quality. They have not abandoned the game. Please don't get that impression from my previous, ""Little has been added"" sentence. The company responsible for Subnautica also has a good reputation for continued support and development for their games. I simply feel like it would take years for Subnautica to be the survival exploration game many of us want it to be. They look like a good team.I really enjoyed the experience. Maybe you will to."
76561198056425519,Recommended,264710,32649589,Posted: 22 June,all,Wilzers,"This is an alpha build of a game, so ALWAYS keep that in mind. In my many hours in this game (since early 2015), so I have watched this game develop. I experience fps drops every time I open the game as it loads in the world, and the initial loading  time going into the game is extremely slow, however worth it seeing as there are zero loading screens during the game.Here's my story, and why I highly recommend this game for any survival, high immersion type fan.Hope you can stay and read the whole thing :)I was exploring the depths of the alien ocean, piloting my massive submarine, the flood lights illuminating the water around me but I was in so deep I could not see around me. However the noise my massive machine was making attracted attention of some smaller shark like predators. The scanners going off alerting me to the small danger that was this pack of sharks. I decided however, to launch my decoy (can be equipped) but realized I had not crafted one, leaving me only one choice: to get out and deal with these sharks by hand. In the massive black depths of this ocean. However just as I was about to get off the helm, my ship was stolen from my control. It began to turn without me doing anything, the internal lights flickering on and off, the AI voice warning me of 'animal attacks' telling me where, the hull integrity of my sub already slowly going down as I had not dealt with the threat of the sharks. However then, in the pitch blackness in front of me, a massive animal appeared. So large I could not even see the entirety of it as it filled my screen. I could only make out some features of it, as it was pitch black, but it's body seemed to glow and I realized I was looking at some sort of massive shark-squid thing (I don't actually know what it was, that's just what I saw). It then spoke saying, ""What, are, you?""This scared me more than it probably should have, but then it was gone. My ship controls were given back to me, I immediately boosted the ship to emergency speed, the AI voice warning of the sharks I had still not dealt with. I could see the beacon for my home, 1500 meters away. I increased the ships speed, raising my depth, trying to get to the shallows and away from the massive talking beast. My AI warned me of overheating, telling me to rest my ship. However the fear of the huge animal pushed me forward as my hull integrity further waned due to the sharks attacking me. Finally warnings of fires in the engine room blared over the speaker, I quickly got off the helm and turned, the ship was slowly flooding as hull integrity fell to 15%, I grabbed a fire extinguisher from the wall and dealt with the fires. Running to the lower decks and putting them out there. I went back to the helm and pushed the ship further, only 300 meters from home. I could see the sharks on the scanner and through the windows, swarming my ship.My player model began to cough as the ship filled with smoke, more fires. The AI warned me of everything as red lights blinked in the smoke. The more fires I put out, the more fires began. Water splashed at my feet as I ran all over. Then the AI voice said ""hull integrity compromised, abandon ship"". I looked at the scanner through the smoke, seeing the sharks surrounding me. I ran to the Seamoth (a smaller sub) that was docked in my submarine, got in (with a beautiful animation); and was let into the ocean. I quickly drove the Seamoth away and watched as the huge submarine I spent hours making, blew up. The sharks around it dying or swimming away, and the scraps of the sub floating down. I watched in horror as my sub, in pieces, sank and hit the bottom.The next time I play I plan on scavenging it, I lost a lot of things in the explosion. It is a set back, but once I get back on my feet I was figure out  the mystery of the talking beast.This game offers horror (alien animals hunting you), survival (you need to eat and drink), crafting (vehicles and bases), and I think so much more. I am still figuring out the mystery that is the main story. 100% recommend."
76561198351631573,Recommended,264710,30574079,Posted: 17 March,all,H4X0N,"Boy, have I found a good game. Totally recomend it. 10/10 Great game."
76561198038292707,Recommended,264710,31227264,Posted: 18 April,all,CavemanX93,"Hours upon hours of fun. A bit lonely, but at least you don't have to worry about anyone ruining what you've built."
,Recommended,264710,31414440,Posted: 28 April,all,Mad,"I adore this game.I also hate it. Im scared of it. I am nervous playing it, and I never explore.Its wonderful.Im scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, not because of what Ive seen, but because of what I dont see. What I hear. What I know *could* be there, but maybe isnt. You wont know unless you look.Devs add new context every month, give or take, and this is shaping up to be quite the adventure.I whole heartedly recommend."
76561198066243184,Recommended,264710,25189718,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ryan.d.proffitt,"Very addicting game. Amazing open world gameplay and really cool theme! There's just something unique about being able to build my base at the bottom of the ocean, with it lighting up the surrounding area, and fish swimming by. Also, who doesn't like submarines??"
76561198207006603,Recommended,264710,31388750,Posted: 27 April,all,jules,"It is an AMAZING game. There's lots to do, hundreds of different creatures and even more biomes than Earth itself! I may lack the GPU for the game, but it is worth buying. The only real problem for me is that it lags and I struggle to find parts for the blueprints. But apart from that, I'd recommend this game whose into survival or sci-fi. 5 Stars definately."
,Recommended,264710,31277702,Posted: 21 April,all,Trebla7th,"Updated: I'm changing this to a ""Yes"" after spending some more time with it...  the first 1-2 hours were very frustrating.  But once I learned some of the hidden controls and learned how to avoid the things that crashed the game, it was playable and fun.I won't go into pros and cons.  It's a very pretty underwater crafting/survival game that has usable VR controls and doesn't force you to teleport to move.  Here are the things that made me almost give up on the game and how to avoid them.Crash bugs (well, the game continues running, but you can no longer interact with it in VR, you have to take off the HMD and close the game from the desktop):* Opening ""Submit Feedback"" - the form is off the edge of the display and there's no way to close it* Changing VR Scale - This detaches the head tracker from any menus...  can't save or quit, but can still do most things in the game (but since you can't save, you lose it all)Other things that were very frustrating:* HUD elements are at the very edge of the screen and extremely difficult to see...  cannot be moved as far as I can tell (health/O2/food on the left is ok, but quick slots at the bottom are extremely difficult to see...  and there's something displayed at the top, but I still don't know what it is because it's too far up).  I found no way around this.  I thought changing the VR scale might help but, well, see above.* PDA text is too small...  ends up rendering in what looks like 5pt-6pt font.  Unreadable in HMD, so I can't read any descriptive text on the PDA screens.  I found no way around this.* No indication of how to remove items from inventory.  Especially frustrating when you craft something, but then don't have room for it...  you can no longer use the fabricator.  You have to go into the water, then open your PDA and you can drop items, there's no indication of this inside the pod.  I thought I bugged myself into a corner and had to start over, only discovered ""drop outside of pod"" by accident because I never opened the PDA underwater since you still use O2."
76561198003521783,Recommended,264710,21155912,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,StarkTsorian,"I never write reviews but HOLY CRAP this game motivated me to do so!  Here are a couple of scenarios that made me love the game more as I played.1) As you crawl out of your escape hatch its like a scene from the Interstellar movie where the world is all water.  There is a feeling of wow...I'm alone...and there is no one who is going to help me survive except me.  Feeling: Loneliness and that Sh... just got real.2) As you jump into the ocean for the first time to see what is underneath you are met with a very friendly Finding Nemo coral reef feel.  However, this feeling quickly disappears as the water gets hazier the farther you venture from start.  Feeling: The world under the water is fast and just waiting to be explored.3) I'm digging around in the dirt gathering mineral samples and I suddenly notice that the area around me which was sunny...is now shadowy... As I look up I literally yell in my seat OH SH.. as a huge sea monster is beaming right for me...I be line with my glider (James Bond Style) and right before I can safely get back to my personal submarine... Feeling:  Adventure at your own risk.  It's like being dropped into the world of Avatar (blue people)...4) My hat is off to the developers for creating a game that really creates an amazing feel for a guy who wanted to be a marine biologist in another life.  Well done and please keep it up.  Their forums/site look very enthusiastic on making new content and adding even more to the game.  For $15 right now (on sale) it is a must get if you like:-survival-sandbox-adventure-ocean-exploration-gathering-craftingWorth the money like the $10 I spent on Minecraft so many years ago."
76561198099465422,Recommended,264710,21159534,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,charrx,"This game...Ohh man this game is awesome!So to start of, you crash land on an alien pleanet, mostly covered in water.You're the lone surviver, and must now, using your futuristic technology, knowledge, and own 2 hands, try to survive on this foreign world as you await rescue!Dive to the deepest depth of the ocean, using advanced submarines and discover what terrifying creatures lies beneeath the surface!Construct advanced and amazing looking, underwater bases, using your builder tool and natural resources found under water, and use sunlight, thermal power, bio-generated power, or even a nuclear reactor, to power your base!This game is amazing, it's gorgeous, it's smooth, it's fun, and most importand of all, it gets the attention from the dev-team it deserves! With lots of updates every month, adding always cool new features, making the game feel all new again!TL;DR it's awesome, pretty, scary at times, and so worth buying! 9/10 would dive again."
76561198104480924,Recommended,264710,31412046,Posted: 28 April,all,SkyDragy,Awesome game 10/10  :D And super awesome music i realy like the music. ^.^
76561198347022164,Recommended,264710,31408994,Posted: 27 April,all,david.playfoot,"A game that has it all from exploring, survival to building. An adictive game that will have you playing for hours. I cannot wait for the next update to go even further."
76561198232159564,Recommended,264710,29859692,Posted: 11 February,all,Jewbacca,"This game is amazing! Don't be fooled by the bugs because it is still in early access. If you're in to survival games, this should be on the top of your list."
76561198042709286,Recommended,264710,31496361,Posted: 1 May,all,Asiz,"While it says early devlopment this game has all the playability of something near final release. There are a few small bugs and it could use once more in the shop to be optimised, at times it gets pretty slow but given I am still using a 7800 grapics card something of a minimum for gaming these days all things considered it runs fine 95% of the time. Only thing that would make this game any better would be co-op."
,Recommended,264710,31549439,Posted: 4 May,all,killerson6,"Very fun game, I recommend to pretty much everyone."
,Recommended,264710,31549655,Posted: 4 May,all,Bill Murray,"It's good, really really good."
,Recommended,264710,17922904,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Stolen!,Great game that can only get better.  10/10 Art Style
76561198131474421,Recommended,264710,26437211,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,MD123,you should add an online mode so that you can play with friends
,Recommended,264710,32322273,Posted: 10 June,all,J.A.R.V.I.S,great game. I love to see more progress for this game's future.
76561198133127960,Recommended,264710,22802859,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,SilentWeeb,"Holy cow, this game is amazing. The enviroment is very beautiful! Even though I've only spent a few minutes on this game I feel like I can't stop playing. I can't wait to continue my adventure on subnautica and I recommend this to everyone who love to explore extraterriestrial life. I've been dreaming for a game like this, and I've finally found one :D!!!"
76561198031743927,Recommended,264710,24148105,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Urethra Franklin,"Highly recommended. Very, very good.Pros:- Rich and engaging environments, begging to be explored- Sub-aquatic exploration and base-building make for a new and interesting take on a stale genre- Flora and fauna are interesting and unique, so different biomes are certainly memorable- Crafting is simple, so it doesn't detract from the exploration/survival aspects of the game- Fantastic and atmospheric soundtrack- Active developers are fairly responsive in terms of resolving bugs and whatnotCons:- A work-in-progress, so expect a couple bugs here and there- Once in game, there is no option to return to the main menu, which is weird- No multiplayer, yet- Game requires manual saving, no auto-save feature yet. Given a handful of known crash-inducing bugs, this can be a problemOverall: 9/10"
,Recommended,264710,22802234,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Rando Commando,"Gorgeous game with amazing developers. They're both active and accessible in the community and are always pushing progress, but more importantly, they're completely transparent about what they're doing and what's on their mind.As for the game itself, I've already mentioned that it looks incredible. The shaders could be tweaked a bit (accessible now with SweetFX), and the textures are tiled but that is only noticeable from a distance and I'm positive will be improved upon before release.Progression is intensely satisfying, especially with the additions of wrecks and new biomes. Even better, you don't have to grind to go farther. Exploration, research, and creativity are woven together to create the most wonderful tapestry of an early access survival game that I have ever seen. I -do- feel that keeping fed and hydrated is a bit too easy at the moment, and that the biggest struggle now is inventory management, but I am 100% confident that it is a temporary state.So, short and sweet version:Pros:-Excellent looking game all around, from the shallows to the trenches, wondrous to horrifying-Base building. Anywhere. Infinitely (limitation on base size is based on your PC)-Hostile fauna that is truly terrifying-Almost all inedible fauna lay eggs that can be taken and hatched as pets in your own aquarium or released back into the wild-Extremely high exploration value-Tech upgrades/discoveries feel appropriately placed-Cyclops Submarine can be used as a mobile base, allowing certain items to be built inside it***Cons:-No modding support-Cannot breed fauna, only find eggs on the seabed-No in-game map or journal*-Batteries and Power Cells have to be crafted, cannot be recharged**-Most flora & fauna have no purpose other than aesthetic at the moment-Not much variety between what is found in some of the deeper biomes-Clipping is a huge problem with bases and occasionally ambient fish swim through the cyclops*There are a variety of community utilities for mapkeeping on your own**Power storage is okay like this really because of how easily the ingredients can be aqcuired***All of these cons are more than likely being addressed or will be addressed, with the exception of modding support. I believe they stated they will revisit the possibility after release."
76561198062421464,Recommended,264710,22802321,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,French Dip,"Not only is this an amazing game that is constantly updated with new material, but the devs, Oh mY gOd the devs, they are the best. (literally)This game is by far one of my top 3 favorites of all time. Its a killer sandbox, has so many fresh new elements, and best of all, its exciting. That's usually hard in a sandbox.The devs are constantly updating and showing us progress on their website that shows the actual work thats being done, so you know that you arent being left in the dark.The game: Beautiful, serene, crisp af. Near seamless gameplay with so many fun aspects.The pros: listed aboveThe cons: really none (im not kissing♥♥♥♥♥. The reason I say this is because of the extent that the developers are involved with the community. If you have a wish, and other people like it, expect it to be brought up to the devs. People wanted aquariums, and we got aquariums. People wanted bigger monsters, and by god, did we get (and are still getting) bigger monsters.So,Get this game, you will like it."
76561198027964827,Recommended,264710,19251283,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Myrador,"Even while still in heavy development it already looks awesome and can give you 12+ hours of great gameplay until you have seen most creatures and biomes. If you like underwater games that focus on exploring and less on fighting this is great for you.Pros:price vs content is goodalien worldhandcrafted terrainvery high graphicsplant & fish farmingCons ( Early Access ):not optimized yet, can stuttermap parts are unfinishedsome wierd bugs"
,Recommended,264710,32170486,Posted: 4 June,all,Kryllic,"What is there to say about Subnautica that hasn't already been said? It's a fantastic open world game, with beautiful visuals and plenty of stuff to do.TL;DR: A game with beautiful visuals and atmosphere (and some horror elements), with smooth gameplay, a vibrant world to explore that has several interesting and dangerous creatures, and consists of constant and big updates.Although it does come with a few downsides such as small-ish buildings for your base, and somewhat boring end-game. But all in all, a great game that's definitely worth buying if you're into open world exploration games!PROS:- BEAUTIFUL visuals: The art and graphics of this game is simply amazing. Although it doesn't have the most ""epic modern graphics!"", it's still visually stunning (as you can tell from the pictures). Everything is so vibrant, and the different biomes throughout the world feels so unique from each other, ranging from peaceful, to horrifing, to mysterious. There's hardly any dull places to explore here.- Gameplay: At first it might feel a bit claustrophobic when all you have is your lifepod for a base, but once you start building your own base, it opens up a lot. Swimming/driving through the waters is smooth and very responsive, making exploration all the better. The only problems I have is the walking, it feels a bit clunky, but you get used to it.- The World: Oh man, the world is crazy in this game! There's so much to explore and a lot of resources to collect (but not overwhelming). This can sometimes be a bit difficult to find the minerals and resources you want though. Why...? Cuz it can be pretty horrifying sometimes. There are several moments where you'll go out a ways, look down, and it's pitch black. Yeah, no thanks. but, once you overcome your fear of going down (note, singing ""just keep swimming"" does NOT help), there's wonderous places to see with awesome rare minerals and devices to find.- Wildlife: There are SO MANY different types of creatures in this game, it really makes everything feel so alive and busy. many of the beginning creatures you come across are harmless, but there are still several hostile creatures to find... some you never want to run into by accident.- Updates: This game has frequent updates. They're not *too* often, but they're common enough to keep the game interesting and refreshing. And when updates hit, the hit BIG. You can check out each update on the main page or website, and can really tell the huge improvements or changes with each one, it definitely makes you want to hop back on and try out the new features.CONS:- Small habitats: So the buildings you make are called habitats, and they feel a bit small. They mainly consist of hallways and cylindrical rooms. Usually I'm fine with this, but it would be nice to have one, or maybe 2, really large rooms as a center piece. Even though you can exand on your base as much as you'd like, the hallways begin to feel a bit claustrophobic as well. Hopefully they'll add something in the future.- Endgame: Endgame gets a bit boring. Once you've explored the final areas (won't spoil anything), there's not much motive to keep playing. The game seems to be heading in a direction with alien technology, which is really interesting, but since it's still in Early Access, it's not fully implimented yet.All in all, this game is really fun, and I enjoyed every minute of it. I really do get excited every time I see a new update, and it's really fun to jump back into my game and explore everything over again. So, if you're a fan of open world base building and mineral collecting, and you can get over the fear of deep sea diving, then I absolutely recommend this game!P.S. I do want to note, there is no multiplayer, and I didn't put that as a pro nor a con for a reason. I know several people complain about this feature (some refusing to buy it because of this), but the thing is, this game is meant to be single player. The entire premise and theme for this game is that you're stranded on an alien planet, with no one around to help. So, if you're in this ONLY for multiplayer, then sorry, you might want to move on :\"
76561198020929825,Recommended,264710,32384174,Posted: 13 June,all,☠ Spankie ☠ ツ,"Buy it, use 2 hours of your time and u can´t let it go again.This is honestly one of the best games ive ever played.The gameplay, concept, Story, Grafics is just SUPER compared to its not even full reloased.TOTALT worth every cent, i don´t even want to finnish the game as its sooo good.So ive made into the void after battleing to get my large submarine down there and found a large cave at a dept of 1200 m , i came close to 1400m and the cave continued deeper.. so deep that lava flows at the bottom.  I went out in my exosuit to have a look , sadly my mini submarine cant handle more then 900m so i had to walk in to suit on the ground wich is a little hard without upgraded trusters on it, but to do so i need some rare ore wich only grows down here.. Some god damn nasty creatures down there. I came back to my submarine to cook some food and drink but it was out a power..  Was like wth i have 6 ekstra large batteries with me, my o2 starts to decrease as there was no power.. i got to the cookpit and suddely on my windsheild i see a ♥♥♥♥ing large ♥♥♥♥ing leach who was sucking my battery , i got out again and the hole submarine is coverd in em... I start cutting em off after about 2min my exosuit runs low on batteri, i remove the remaining 10 % batteri and takes it into my sub, adds it in and starte to recharge the remaining 6 batteries.. 30 mins later i made my way deeper and came to 1500m... on my way there i found a large Alien structúre with some kind of thing contained inside.. i Needed some device that i found a long time a go on  a wreck... I will upgrade my sub and return to check out the alien structure.. ♥♥♥♥ I LOVE THIS GAME."
,Recommended,264710,23808022,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Matsui,"I just start playing this game but I am sure to say that this game is unique. As a survival game, it doesn't have zombie and a lot of violence stuff. You can play the game in a way you like: collect things, explore new area, develop technologies, try to survive in the sea... I am looking forward to having co-op mode and more interesting gameplay experience. Apparently, since this game is still on early-access, its future is very positive. Don't let us down ;)"
76561198018165600,Recommended,264710,26910801,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mushhrax,"I highly recommend this game if you're interested in diving or underwater life in general. There is alot of games with the survival element where you have to keep an eye on hunger/thirst and build a base, but there is a very limited selection of games where the focus is surviving underwater in an endless ocean. Suddenly dangerous creatures doesn't just run at you straight, but can creep up on you from every angle, both above and under you if you venture out into deeper waters. With this in mind this game can suddenly get a little scary, when all you see is dark water with moving shadows and chilling screams from something unseen. But this isn't all this game delivers, at the safer areas, the shallow areas in the game, there is beautiful plantlife, with its colorful species of fish swimming all around.Don't be afraid to explore the Aurora (the big, crashed ship), when you hear the chilling, piercing screams of something unknown, just keep swimming, nothing can go wrong!This game has come a long way since it was launched on Steam, with frequent updates and alot to offer. Sadly this game won't get multiplayer (Not when writing this review atleast) but can still give an amazing singleplayer experience!"
,Recommended,264710,30295369,Posted: 3 March,all,Gojira!!! Run!!!,Now adays I rarely buy early access products but I am happy to say that subnautica is an exception to that rule. A very atmospheric game with a lot of content. Sure it is not without its flaws but the devs are releasing content steadily and the game is growing. Its not common for me to feel wonder and fear at the same time.If you think you're going to like it you will.
,Recommended,264710,30295706,Posted: 3 March,all,MrDax17,"Very good survival game for players looking for something 'new'. I think it's a good idea to put player on the alien water planet. You can craft, eat, drink, build, travel, eplore & more. It's got a huge world full of caves, and very, very deep places, islands (if it's the big floating one, or others small islands under water), then there are many creatures, plants and other nature stuff. The graphic is just awesome. Though it is just in early access stage, I recommend this game. If you will wait until a full game, you will not be disappointed."
76561198335033381,Recommended,264710,30299141,Posted: 3 March,all,wanna kms becuz auto,so far the game is really fun!
,Recommended,264710,30301644,Posted: 3 March,all,♤★[SS]Bagels★♤,"Very Great game, Really addicting game super fun to past the time a great opne-world game that should be contiuned. Its worth 20 bux, Help them make this game better for everyone"
,Recommended,264710,30290402,Posted: 2 March,all,pun-ishment,"WHALE WHALE WHALE, Subnautica is a fun adventure game, that even gets me scared. The new updates add new features in the ocean everytime, and it's beatiful to just look at, however you also need to be afraid of your water, health, and food levels. Even though there isn't really an objective to the game, I could spend a whole afternoon on this game if I had the time."
,Recommended,264710,18896240,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Benzine,"A relaxed, sometimes scary, ocean exploration game with light survival elements, plenty of content currently for the asking price, and is still receiving content updates regularly. It is very CPU intensive however, so make sure your PC is well above the minimum requirements."
,Recommended,264710,21829009,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Lexcarah,March 2016: Subnautica is amazing! I have followed it from early on in early access and it has so much potential. It has its bugs and it runs a little slow on my machine but It has been worth it. I cannot wait to see where it goes.Update March 2017: It has gotten even more awesome. This game is beautiful. There is so much to explore. The creatures are awesome. The technology is amazing. Best of all the story is more than I had hoped for. I cannot wait for the full release!!
,Recommended,264710,28703057,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Atomik Doctor,So Gorgeous!
,Recommended,264710,30362360,Posted: 6 March,all,Cheez-It Guy,Its very fun but incredibly confusing
76561198037636622,Recommended,264710,30331873,Posted: 4 March,all,Kal Jaxa,Very much like this game and its options. I do wish it had multiplayer mode or online mode where groups of people could work together but all in all I really like this game and would recommend it.
,Recommended,264710,30330612,Posted: 4 March,all,Muffy,"You guys remember No Man's Sky? That's what this game is, but it's actually GOOD.I got the game a mere few days ago and I've already put 40 hours into it. This is an insanely good game. You'd think after 40 hours you'd have seen all there is, but nope. I still keep running into things I've never seen before and finding areas I've never been to.Currently it does have a number of issues performance wise, but a lot of the seriously bad ones were fixed with the latest Infection update. Right now you should expect to get microstutters and frame drops when loading into a new cell, or when a wreck spawns into existence. Apart from that, the game is (most of the time) around 50-70 FPS for me. Another issue is entity pop-ins, so a lot of the hostile creatures that are hazardous to your health will very commonly appear to spawn right in front of you. It's really not that much of a problem and I'm more than happy to give it a pass considering it's early access, and the devs have stated front, left, and center that any optimizations aren't going to happen until much later.There is just so much to do in this game, so much to find and see. It's insane. I've spent the last few days staying up till 3 AM playing it. I have a full-time job. It's seriously that good."
76561198325396673,Recommended,264710,30202575,Posted: 26 February,all,Mr_Optastick,Subnautica is an all round good game give or take the few frame drops but overall a solid game to play
,Recommended,264710,25207839,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Wubsy,Its ok
,Recommended,264710,29919004,Posted: 14 February,all,ApexHuntsman,"It's a brilliant and fun game, but sweet saint Nick on a stick the bugs in this game are the most annoying things in the game. more so than all the reaper leviathons. you'll see what i'm talking about. I'm writing this in early access so bugs are expected, naturally. It's a cracking game nonetheless!"
76561198069169992,Recommended,264710,30353516,Posted: 6 March,all,Dat Smexy Duck,The game is awesome but there are some glitches as i got two spawn points in a survival game and i had a leg up and i sort of ruined it. But it is still an awesome game and i would reccomend it if you have a good computer!
76561198132014809,Recommended,264710,30324386,Posted: 4 March,all,Polygon Donut ッ,Honestly the best survival game ever made.
76561198354607368,Recommended,264710,30345358,Posted: 5 March,all,Ghost Liviathin,i love this game it is the best if you like survival and adrenilane rush i recomend this game. the one thing i dont like is that it is only solo i thought you could play with your friends but cant can you add multiplayer developers please?
,Recommended,264710,30325728,Posted: 4 March,all,yum,"The game is amazing, but it makes you feel a bit lonely after a while without someone else with you. There definetly needs to be a multiplayer co-op option in this game!!!"
,Recommended,264710,18182629,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Drinkfist,- SubnauticaUnknown Worlds (The people that made Natural Selection 2) took a crack at a Unique idea for a Survival game based on underwater exploration using the Unity Engine and it is shaping up to be a great single player immersive experience. Though they are far from complete their current builds show off some really great stuff for changing up the setting of standard games. I like this one but it's got work to be done until there is enough here to warrant a dedicated play though. The main issue they are getting hounded by is the fact they made the entire build to be single player only and to add multiplayer would require a heavy overhaul of their current code. Either way the visuals and the single player experience is totally fine with the format and I think this game should be coined Survival Adventure as it is really nuts hearing the crazy giant alien whales and deep sea creatures.
,Recommended,264710,33047462,Posted: 30 June,all,ZachOWott_,"Subnautica is a cool survival game with a good back story. It is mostly fun and understandable, but sometimes it gets hard if you run out of food and water, or if you are attacked. Overall, Subnautica is a really fun and ""deep"" game. ;) (I'm sorry about the pun)"
,Recommended,264710,33024903,Posted: 29 June,all,ONCA ^_^,I had doubts buying this because it was expensive (to me) but the steam sales rolled in and it was the most fun I've had in a long time
,Recommended,264710,32422326,Posted: 14 June,all,KevinYT,The best game i have ever played
76561198018547537,Recommended,264710,33080128,Posted: 1 July,all,Bugsy,I love this game ... lots to discover and develop. Fulfills my love for collecting and creating. Plus plenty of things out to get you...
76561198057902083,Recommended,264710,33078660,Posted: 1 July,all,Vertell,"a good game with a good story in the makeing, can't wait to play the full game in the future"
76561198102489104,Recommended,264710,25864163,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,amact,"The most fun I've had in a game to date.I bought this game during the summer sale, knowing my computer fell below the minimum requirements, but I knew one day I would upgrade and then I'd play this. I decided to try it anyway, but the game never launched, I guess a combination of me testing with the highest settings of everything, and the June version. Today I went back and gave it another shot, starting with a 500x200 resolution. The quality was terrible, but I ignored that, knowing it would happen.Within minutes I was hooked, what felt like a couple of minutes turned out to be an hour, and wow. I'm in shock! Well done to everyone who worked on this, you've done a fantastic job, and even though I'm playing on a window the size of my phone, I loved it"
,Recommended,264710,32861178,Posted: 27 June,all,diamondminer74,"Great game, really brings out my Aquaphobia and Thalassaphobia."
76561198313558721,Recommended,264710,32767497,Posted: 25 June,all,SW2MMY,the best game ever my friends ........
,Recommended,264710,29867232,Posted: 12 February,all,PootOS - Extra Fake Sponsor,"An amazing and beautiful game that is totally worth the money, and it's still being updated! if you like games where you gather resources and make your own goals in it, then get subnautica!"
,Recommended,264710,30268859,Posted: 1 March,all,Jaydanson,The game is very VERY fun yes it sometimes can be glitchy but its still not done and i cant wait! untill the next update and the the rest of the future update i totaly recommend it and its very fun
76561198042975956,Recommended,264710,32831826,Posted: 26 June,all,Nythauk,"I bought this title because I love sub games, but more than that, my son and daughter-in-law were playing it when I called to say hello, and they both told me they were really enjoying it. So, on that evaluation I bought it. And...WOW! This puts a lot of games to shame, (including No Man's Sky which I have invested just under 400 hours playing). Investigating an alien world from the seafloor to the wave crest is truly an incredible adventure. The fish are as real as can be imagined, and they all swim to their own pattern, so the sea isn't one big biome moving in perfect synchronisity, (sp?) but more as it should be, groups of fish moving to their own instinctual pattern while others move about with a set purpose that is just beyond human understanding. The craft one can use are very well done, with detail given to appearance and performance while the sea just beyond the windows fluctuates with boundless life. I have just started playing, and yes, I have it set to ""easy"" with no worries over food, power, air, or injury, and I won't apologize for  this! I play a new game such as Subnautica on the easiest level so I can become completely familiar with the key commands and mouse 'clicks'. Also, it takes me a while to get it set in my head and once I'm sure I know how to swim, enter/exit a craft and use a weapon I start over and set the difficulty to 'normal' and take away the free air, food, and water. I strongly reccomend this title to anyone interested in life beneath the seas, of our own world or another. Subnautica is fun, complex enough to hold the interest of the most jaded players, has awesome graphics (if you have the PC to handle the topmost range of graphical options that is), and a nice storyline that anyone can believe in and follow without getting overly complicated. I would give this a ten out of ten, and I'm still learning the control systems for the Prawn deep submergence suit, the small one man sub, the three operator sub and all the helpful tools that work to keep you alive on what is, a dangerous planet of water and more water. If subs, the ocean, alien lifeforms, or undersea exploration doesn't interest you, DO NOT GET THIS TITLE! You'll be upset from the start and will no doubt ask for a refund. Honestly though, it you have any interest in the future of Mankind, this program offers one vision of a future gone slightly off-balance, a world crash landed upon and survival in a place that is still foreign to us - the ocean. If you played any sub games before this one, get this one and discover the newest threat to sub games that offer very little by way of adventure and exploration. I bought it and have no regrets."
,Recommended,264710,32795593,Posted: 25 June,all,bigfooty,"Was killed by an arm leech, a shark thing, a mad puffer fish, a giant fish with daddy issues, and drowned 10+ times.   Loved every minute of it.   Great early access game being built here and a lot of fun as is.   Cheats are easily available if you get po'd looking for item-XYZ for 2 hours, so check the guide.   Also check out the getting-started guide if you are stuck.   It's a lot of fun.  Also this game is beautiful.   Coming up for air, the water is so realistic looking at sun-rise/sunset... just majestic. (drowned once looked at it too long!)However, DO NOT look at maps for the area.   Someup higher up said this and it's true, just discover it all.   Also don't look at play throughs if you enjoy the discovery possible in this game.  There is a lot of it.   Oh... also don't try to kill a shark-thing with a knife, ends badly.   :D"
,Recommended,264710,31953995,Posted: 25 May,all,Zinc,If you want a game where super spicyboi's are trying to eat you/your sub and get the delectable human-meat inside whilst you are trying to survive after crash landing on this alien planet of terror and bioluminescence and all you want to do is explore/build a base/get the ♥♥♥♥ off this ocean ♥♥♥♥world then subnautica is the game for you.
76561198087800627,Recommended,264710,32872160,Posted: 27 June,all,"Slavitarius, Blyat!",I absolutly recommend this game to anyone enjoying survial games. Subnautica has even more to offer than a calssic survivial game and that is a really good story. Just a little warning it's still quite buggy.
,Recommended,264710,25482242,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,legopikmin,"I love this game a lot! It has a lot of potential, and with every update it just gets better!I'm leaving this review as a ""warning"" to people thinking of buying it.The game isn't finished yet, so there's a lot of bugs still being patched. If you head on over to the Subnautica wikia, there's a list of console commands you can, in case you get glitched out!I've found myself trapped behind walls in wrecks because I clipped through, and are unable to get back before I drown! So using the command to give you oxygen, it's not cheating if you turn it off as soon as you're unstuck!But if you just don't wanna deal with bugs or glitches, buy the game anyways, install it when it's finally done being built! Supporting the devs now will ensure they are able to complete the game in the future, so why not? Hope this helps!"
,Recommended,264710,23195766,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Boozer,Awesome game well worth the price. Graphics are on point and game play is outstanding.
,Recommended,264710,20850409,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Nayfsta,"Really cool exploration game, and I've only just started :)"
,Recommended,264710,30672797,Posted: 22 March,all,Nintony,It's like the forest except it has no trees
,Recommended,264710,32847758,Posted: 27 June,all,Dran,"After about 12 hours playing this game I have decided to hold off until the final release. Why? I am a sucker for story and the mystery envolving the planet and the alien contraptions on it, but in its current state, the game is missing huge chunks of that story.As for the game itself.. jesus christ man, this is digital crack. The feedback loop is insanely well honed, and you always want to keep playing to get that extra resource, that will help you get that extra tool / vehicle, which will help you better explore that new biome you just stumbled upon.The habitat/base building aspect is a little sparse (this is no minecraft) but there are still plenty of options that will allow you to express your creativity in underwater habitats. Performance wise.. its patchy, the engine is unoptimised and there is a LOT of pop-in and slow loading environments/textures, but its manageble. A performance enhancing pass is expected within 2 months, so the game should run better soon.There is an insaaaaaaaanley huge amount of stuff to craft and collect, and places to explore, so this game gets a definite BUY ME MOTHERFU.CKER reommendation, just be warned, if you find yourself liking the story, watil til the 1.0 release, AFAIK its only a few months out."
76561198169882941,Recommended,264710,29385164,Posted: 20 January,all,Spicy Jalapeno,"Its Buggy, it crashes, will kill your pc and it has terrifying sea creatures that will make you never want to play it again.I LOVE IT, GET THIS GAME"
76561198165239972,Recommended,264710,20625274,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,predat0rguy,"I found this to be a really cool game to play, i had problems loading it up because my laptop barely meets the minimum requirements so it crashed alot trying to load it up but once it loaded it never crashed or forze, it had some low frames sometime but as i said it's because of my laptop. The game is getting updated alot as well though i haven't tried out the new update. It's a survival game but a good one mainly because it's different where it's underwater. most survival games can be boring and arn't very good because they don't really change or update, but this game has great bright colours and the land changes as you explore with different areas that you have to discover to get better equipments. if you get this game be careful near the big exploded ship, there's a big creature there to kill you.Important factor is i have had no bugs or glitches, nothing moved on it's own or deleted it's all still alive and doing it's job."
76561198028430129,Recommended,264710,30280341,Posted: 2 March,all,Gazpacho[Meat Overlord],"Subnautica is an absolutely fantastic survival game which actually didn't crash and burn in early access. It has amazing atmosphere and ambience, phenomenally enjoyable exploration - really the in-game world is just always such an immense treat to look at. I've done like 7 play-throughs of various version of the game and I never get tired of looking at it. Now it has a story to follow which will guide you and actually add some purpose to your struggle to survive in the big blue ocean - it's a lot of fun to find the clues bit by bit and piece together the story of the game.All the horrible monsters and just wildlife you encounter will invoke in you one of 4 reactions (that's very cute; that's very interesting;that's mildly unnerving;I need therapy) and you will likely experience them in various combinations. It is still being developed, there is optimisations to be done for sure and also minor bugs to be fixed, but if you are someone who enjoys exploring a really mystical world and surviving it and both its' horrors and beauties - I STRONGLY recommend trying out this game.Sidenote: This game does not have co-op and I would argue that is very much for the better - subnautica has been created with a heavily focused and dedicated single-player immersive experience."
,Recommended,264710,30255937,Posted: 28 February,all,HummusHummusHummusHummus,"One of the best survival games out there at the minute, fantastic mix of exploration, survival, building and surprisingly spooky. Bright future for this game, devs are great!"
76561198046680402,Recommended,264710,30285135,Posted: 2 March,all,Yume,"Played this game back in really early Alpha days and loved every second of it. Left it alone for months and having come back to found so much new content to enjoy I've fallen in love with it all over again. Hopefully the developers are  able to keep up the hard work  and keep updating this game as I'd love to some day see it in a polished, finished state!"
76561198175314243,Recommended,264710,21236659,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Hav0c,"I really like how the game is always being updated and that there are gear to defend yourself. For future updates, i reccomend all scannable fauna. I really would like a harpoon in this game."
76561198267570389,Recommended,264710,30893595,Posted: 1 April,all,Green Moustache,"Great game,looks amazing and has a great story behind it which is just getting better and better. If you like survival,creative or exploration games this is the game for you, with the option to build what ever you please or survive against the dangerious creatures this alien ocean has to offer or just explore the seas and get to follow an amazing story.Take note that this game is still pre alpha and it has so much more to offer so don't think it won't get any better, developers are always trying to fix problems and make it the best experience for you. You can easily report bugs and give feedback as well.For me this is 10/10"
,Recommended,264710,20671971,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ServError,Amazing game that just gets better with time!
76561198171073993,Recommended,264710,15118247,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,M3RCW1THAM0UTH,"I know you have probably already thought about it or are working on it, but online would be great."
,Recommended,264710,31565327,Posted: 5 May,all,staticeclipses,"love the game, cannot wait to see what the future updates hold"
76561198277102788,Recommended,264710,31328669,Posted: 23 April,all,A Communist,"I first discovered this game when it was in its super duper early form.  I still remember when it was just the Aurora, the Reapers and the Giant Floating Island.  And I'm BLOWN AWAY of how far this game has come!  First the story: it's clever and intriguing.  Not to mention that it gets you VERY involved in the game.  And I'm not joking, I've played about 90 hours of this game, and I still love it.  Now the gameplay:  the methods in which you survive are phenomenal.  Collect creatures for food/water, explore the merciless deep to collect blueprints, and uncover the story piece by piece. Follow these steps, and it'll prove that you are the dominant survivor.   But my favorite thing about Subnautica is that it's early access.  It's always evolving, which keeps you waiting for the next big update, that brings a lot more to the table.  And I can not wait to see what the future holds for the 1.0 Version.So yeah, buy it, play it, enjoy it, tell your friends, repeat."
76561198312781423,Recommended,264710,31570067,Posted: 5 May,all,witherdfoxy87,.
,Recommended,264710,31551179,Posted: 4 May,all,I'm Bad,"It's a lot of fun, but..Ok, I'm having framerate issues. I moved up to a bigger and better card. The issue? I get WORSE framerates. I used to get 60 average, now I get sub 20 and sub 30 while playing. I have 6GB of GDDR5 VRAM with an OC GTX 1060, and an i7 6700k, with 16GB of RAM. I should be able to crush this game fine if I can do Star Citizen over 60fps too."
,Recommended,264710,31492093,Posted: 1 May,all,Desertscape,"My current hours on record should speak a lot. Had some frame issues whether using a gtx 960m, a 970, or 1080 that got worse the longer I played (after a couple dozen hours it was distinctly noticeable). They had an update that stopped that from happening for the most part. Of course, it's still in early access so they'll fix frame issues more, no doubt.Other than that, it's really fun, gorgeous, and addicting."
76561198152067748,Recommended,264710,22430277,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Pope sleezy chickenbiscuits,I like subnautica because it takes place in big ocean in an unknown planet were you get to explore and uncover the secerts of the ocean.Th only thing that i hate is that its a scary game in diguise because at the day everything is ok but at night and the deep ocean everything is scary like no music so quite and you will feel like something is going to jump on you.Another thing that i hate is theres only 2 submarines seamoth and cyclops im just only waiting for the machinery update where i think there will be more submarines.But still i recommend this game to people who like to explore
,Recommended,264710,23492277,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Stark,This game is by far one of the best early access games I have played in a while. Love the concept. Little bit of pop up even running on a 980ti @ 1440 but thats to be expected being that its still not optimized. For the time ive logged so far I am impressed and can't wait to see the future of this game.
,Recommended,264710,31809338,Posted: 17 May,all,c_rachioppi,"This game has won my heart!!!! Should be like $60 thats how good !! recoomend to anyone who enjoys a surival game, with  a story as well. A must buy Especailly the Vr compatablitiy is am amazing feature."
76561198091742627,Recommended,264710,21872805,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,InfernalCircuit,Best game ive played ever i feel like its game of the year worthy
76561198174681899,Recommended,264710,28609346,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DTF,I highly recommend this game just becuase of the visuals. But the gameplay is also smooth and with almost no problems. Every now and then the frame rate falls but it still preforms fantasticly! Buy it if you have a chance. But be warned you will send all nights playing this game. Good job develepors!
,Recommended,264710,31838291,Posted: 19 May,all,Totulotu,That's really cool game. Love it. Definitely worth a buy!
76561198112680846,Recommended,264710,31738106,Posted: 13 May,all,SpikedZen,"This game is the perfect representative of the fear of the unknown. You just can't know what's out there in the deep blue sea, and if it's friendly or not (Well, unless you read the wiki and spoil yourself everything). The creatures in this game are fascinating and terrifying. Personally, I love marine life and everything about it, but on this alien world I'm also constantly having to be wary of what's out there, even more so now that the Cyclops isn't indestructible anymore. Most likely the best early access game I've seen in my life, huge props to Unknown Worlds for also listening to the community feedback. I definitely recommend this to everyone who has an interest in exploring, survival games, and the ocean."
76561198317795019,Recommended,264710,29858996,Posted: 11 February,all,AtomicPrime,"Subnautica has a good atmosphere and a huge difference to other survival games. It is good with taking a break from all the other ""Realistic"" games and takes on its own way in a different timeline and planet. As a Early Access game I love how the devolopers are really active on the game even adding new Experimental updates daily. But because I have a cheap eBay PC it didn't run very well for me. But I am very used to 10 FPS games on my computer so I can handle it.10/10 IGN Would Buy Again."
,Recommended,264710,22666111,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Aplanna,"This is the coolest game i've seen in a long time! The updates are always awesome and pretty frequent.Pros:- Amazing graphics- Environment feels realistic and creepy- Creatures are amazing- Vehicles and bases are great, bases can be laggy if they're too big- Great storyCons:- Crashes often (Full release will fix)- No multiplayer (Yet?)- Jumpscares :(This game has amazing potential! I can't wait for the release. (I've been waiting for a couple years)"
,Recommended,264710,31807049,Posted: 17 May,all,thecupuautis,"What a beautiful game! Still has bugs, but that's to be expected from an early access game. Other than that, this is a damn good game. I sometimes forget that this isn't a horror game, with all these terryfying creatures hunting me. Ugh... that feeling when a reaper leviathan lurks near you, waiting for you to come closer... god it's terrifying as hell. The world itself is so fascinating as well. All the biomes provide something unique, and all the biomes look good. I especially like the Grand Reef and Lost River. Those two just look so mysterious and fascinating. If you like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pantsocean survival games, then buy this immediately. Trust me,you'll pee your pantsit's worth it.Oh. And I'll say this right now. This is what No Man's Sky should have been like. Small, yet deep. A single world, yet infinite possibilities. A finite number of areas, yet each unique, each with it's own beauty and dangers. Hello Games should learn from Unknown Worlds."
,Recommended,264710,31764539,Posted: 15 May,all,Calendula,"Running mostly smoothly on a GTX 750 and FX-6300 AMD processor on high water and low texture settings, so I really have no idea what the negative reviews about performance are about.Positive:- Immersive gameplay- Actually fun to explore- It looks really pretty (and probably stunning on high end settings)- The music and ambience is mostly on spot- There is even interesting lore in it- Lots of detailed information about the game world through the PDA- It is being updated regulary- The price is fair (they are going to increase it with the full release as far as I know)Negative:- I lost one save file because my PC crashed sometime which is entirely on my side though, not the game'sBest exploration game for me~"
,Recommended,264710,30803798,Posted: 28 March,all,Tdog0110,This is a super fun game game with  beautiful underwater gameplay
76561198254201802,Recommended,264710,29196446,Posted: 11 January,all,Cosmic Crap,"This is one of the best games I have ever plaed. Even though my computer is very bad, the graphics are still amazing. Theres a lot of wildlife, vehicle and physics mechanics implemented into this game. The one thing that would make the game better is a more organized story because the only way to figure things out is to explore the insanely big ocean world. You also get really deep into the game. You feel as if whatever your character feels you feel too. My favorite part is that it gets really eerie and dark, very lonely, but thats what makes you feel with the character."
76561198013063720,Recommended,264710,29740960,Posted: 6 February,all,asdasdsadasd,"Really good game, unfortunatly it lags quite hard in VR Mode with GTX 780 and i74770k. I'll continue to play, when i got my GTX 1180."
76561197994687590,Recommended,264710,31943206,Posted: 24 May,all,Cybrviper,Amazing game for the price. Was happy to let subnautice be my first full game VR experience. absolutely amazing!! Look forward to when it gets finished. Also for anyone out there on the fence. 20 dollar price tag gets you one hell of a game even as of the silent running update. content is very functional and devs communicate and release patches in a timely manor. Warning for VR fans. there are more glitches than on screen play at the moment however it is playable inside VR.Notes: Written during the Silent running patch.
76561198064234422,Recommended,264710,21578410,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Percutio,"Game looks amazing, incites a feeling of impending doom and helplessness when you look out into the fog of the ocean. Gotta go into the game with the roleplay mindset to fully enjoy it. Terrified me to my core. Only thing it needs is content, content, content! (and maybe a bit of fine tuning of the map rendering, having terrain warp wildy in front of you with mushroom trees popping into and out of existance is very immersion-breaking, but hey what can you do it's an Alpha.)"
,Recommended,264710,23272289,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,rbrucemtl,Wow this game is great but it's soooo time consuming.
,Recommended,264710,33372315,Posted: 8 July,all,MonsterMash,I love all the visuals in the game and new updates have made it way more immersive and scary. It is a rush finding something new in this game.
76561198011815366,Recommended,264710,33339570,Posted: 7 July,all,DeD | HoneyFlavah,"I CANNOT give this game enough love, it's just amazing. What felt like a few hours later, the whole day had gone by, I played 11h straight and I dont regret it. I have a love-hate relationship with the ocean, HUMAN ocean and this just blowed my mind. At first I thought it was so so pretty and beautiful, the safe shallows, and theeen I started to swim a bit deeper, and fml, the sounds made me poop my pants!It's really amazing to see the developers put out new stuff, like i played it the other day after not playing it for a few months (waiting for updates) and holy moly did I get excited when I saw what was waiting left of the aurora.I deeply recomment this game for everyone!"
76561198300499545,Recommended,264710,28730463,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Wraith,"This is an amazing open world survival game, for it still being in Early Access it is beautiful. However it does tend to crash quite a bit."
76561198310634574,Recommended,264710,24287459,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,chaseskew,I like it because of the creative mode. My hand/eye coordination is shot and I can't multi-task mentally enough to live long in Survival Mode. I really do like tooling around and building bases and such. I can get lost just swimming around and breaking rocks and searching the numorous cave and caverns. I am looking forward to more updates and hope to see more bulding type stuff like kitchen stuff and what not. I love this game. For me it is theraputic as I have not been so relaxed in years!
76561198021614268,Recommended,264710,33168144,Posted: 2 July,all,LittlePeach,This game has a very good sandbox free roam feel with a hidden storyline. The graphics in this game are amazing and have such a futuristic feel to it. It's one of the BEST early access games there are!
,Recommended,264710,33168617,Posted: 2 July,all,MattyMcFlyyy,Bought this game thinking it'd be fun for an hour... next thing I know it's 5 am and i'm scanning the whole ocean for lithium 10/10
76561198275133107,Recommended,264710,33167916,Posted: 2 July,all,♣TheDuck♣,I was a bit skeptical about this game since it's an early access game but I was pleasantly surprised. It is a really great game with a lot of stuff to do so it's never boring.
,Recommended,264710,33173836,Posted: 3 July,all,Rensisdenaam,Awesome game so well made
76561198040845475,Recommended,264710,33175074,Posted: 3 July,all,Shinii,"Awsome game, can't wait for an official release later this year."
,Recommended,264710,32892543,Posted: 27 June,all,MangoShit,"Good Developers, Huge amount of Things to do, EXTREMLY GOOD UPDATES!!!I JUST LOVE THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,264710,33067040,Posted: 30 June,all,TJPlays,"An amazingly fun game with an atmosphere unlike any other game I've played. Beginning with nothing, and building to have so much in this hostile environment is a scary and exhilarating experience."
,Recommended,264710,17158501,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Darth Crunchus,"Been playing Subnautica for a while, now, particularly the Experimental builds as of late, and I have to say, I really love it.  I've always liked the Survival Sandbox genre, especially the ""realistic games within that genre, and, so far, with the exception of one other,  Space Engineers, Subnautica is my absolute favorite.  Now, I realize that the story leaves a great deal to be desired at the moment, what with you being the miraculous lone survivor of a ship crewed and inhabited by assumably hundreds, possibly a couple thousand people.  However, once you start playing, all of the current plot holes seem to become as nothing, as you really get drawn into the beautifully designed world, with its photo-realistic environment, and the busying tech tree advancement, which, admittedly, at the moment, is not entirely awe-inspiring, as you assume the role of a McGyver-like scientist/architect/engineer, and can fashion a computer chip out of a chunk of quartz, a chunk of silver, and two pieces of coral.  That being said, however, from a technological standpoint, it's pretty darned impressive that you can do so.  As the great author, Arthur C. Clarke said, ""Any sufficiently advanced technology can be percieved as equal to, and indistinguishable from magic.""  And this kind of rings true in Subnautica, though, familiar concepts do deaden the blow of this ""magic"" to some degree.  But, it's still enjoyable, and fascinating, to watch your character wield a small, phaser-like tool, and build a base solely from titanium, and various forms of quartz slag, most notably glass and silicone.  The biggest draw, for me, at least, is tthe exploration aspect of the game -- So many beautiful biomes, with so much life.  Sometimes, I almost forget it's a game, I get so immersed in it.  But danger balances out beauty, with Stalkers, Bonesharks, Gasopods, Bleeders, Crash, and the immense and equally deadly Reaper Leviathan.  And the game does so in a way that I think feels rather natural.  It feels like there's an already established food chain, and you just landed square on your tuchus, at the very bottom link.  Amazing job, Unkown Worlds!  Keep up the good work, and may you always create such wonderfully enthralling worlds!  It's my opinion that if you don't at least try this game, you're missing out on the time of your life.  So, please, give it a try.  I think you'll be ever so glad you did. :)"
76561198264991096,Recommended,264710,32708396,Posted: 23 June,all,FrankehRey,"This game is incredible, the mix between the calming sounds of being underwater, and the terrifying sounds from the giant sea monsters that like to sneak up on you and try to eat your face are just perfect in my own opinion. I have found very little wrong with the game itself besides the occassional texture tear. But other then that i would highly recommend this game to any and everyone"
,Recommended,264710,20244687,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kingslayer,A Great Underwater survival game with exploration opportunities as vast as the ocean itself
,Recommended,264710,33162175,Posted: 2 July,all,seal of approval,"game doesnt run on my laptop fast enough to play legit, (20 fps because my graphics card) but its an amazing game and everyone on this planet with a soul needs to play this game."
76561198365109240,Recommended,264710,33163429,Posted: 2 July,all,MoodyPDuck,"Fun game not too hard but not simple either, sometimes it makes you think. I love this game, you will never get bored because this game can waste alot of your time without you knowing and it is worth it."
,Recommended,264710,32116798,Posted: 1 June,all,Tiolith,"I used to be afraid of deep waters, now I'm terrified!"
76561198250746976,Recommended,264710,33020881,Posted: 29 June,all,Kimikada,"I dont think I have many negative things to say about this game. My potato computer plays it on low-med graphics and it still looks amazing. Its totally beautiful, every biome looks unique and is filled to the brim with strange life. Its sound track is to die for, I love it. Its loud too, so when youre getting attacked by something, you will know it. Story is fantastic, creatures are awesome, map is pretty dope. Its scary at times too. Night time is dark as f*ck. Makes you really rely on flashlights and stuff. Plus you can build your own base.Cant wait for the game to be complete. A new biome or two would be kick♥♥♥♥♥ but its great just as is too.9/10 would reccomend this game."
76561197994264954,Recommended,264710,33011892,Posted: 29 June,all,Crow,"I recently purchased Subnautica during the summer Steam sale, and it is absolutely fantastic.I can confidently say that no other open-world survival game has captured the aspect of ""exploration"" better than Subnautica. Exploring a deep alien ocean is both compelling and frightening. The thassalophobia is real and my stomach lurched whenever I swam over empty blue, or crawled through inky black. Some of the spaces of this game are eerie, and some of it's creatures are nightmarish. You'll recoil in horror as something that's all mouth and teeth surprises you when you turn around, and you'll listen in quiet awe at the sudden vacuous bellowing of something large echoing a mournful whale-like song in the deep. It's wonderful.You'll scavenge for supplies. Catch fish. Swim in tight claustrophobic tunnels. Build underwater habitats and live in glass containers. Navigate seaweed forests. Pilot a small submersible and get grabbed by a large creature. And then you'll drive a submarine through the inky black depths, the lights dim, the metal of the ship groaning from the pressure, the sonar pinging nervously in the dark. No game has captured this experience so well.As of this review, the story is almost (but not quite) complete. I would also occasionally experience pop-ins and lag as the game struggles to render the new areas I was zipping into. Occasionally a creature will clip through the terrain. Once I fell through the floor of my seabase and had to reload. But these issues are minor nuisances at best, and hardly detract from the main game experience. I'm confident most of it will be addressed as the game nears launch.I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys open-world survival and exploration games. It's one of the best of it's kind. If you can stomach the open ocean, that is."
76561198326762349,Recommended,264710,32129934,Posted: 2 June,all,Rayven,"I watched Markiplier play this and it got me interested in the game. After some thought i got the game and i must say; I love it! You may die a bit in the begining but the graphics and playstyle is amazing. It tends to get creepy at times, when your just sitting in the middle of nowhere. I would hightly recomend this game to people who like survival/adventure games!"
76561198144071999,Recommended,264710,28619530,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Eclipse,Subnatica is a beautiful game_________________________Smooth FPSTerrifying at times ;)FunMany things to do_________________________Overall review: 9.5/10
,Recommended,264710,27348327,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The_White_Ninja,"This game is great and it keeps getting better. A rare game that started small in alpha, blew up, and the devs didn't just take the money and run, but rather kept putting out new updates and should be full game soon."
,Recommended,264710,32675987,Posted: 23 June,all,bar.pys,"One of the best looking and playing survival/openworld games i ever played. Due to the underwater gameplay it also plays differently than most of the games in this genre.Beautiful underwater sceneryHuge areas to explore, mainly underwater but there are some other places ;)Nice gameplayfair amount of things to craft which include both base building, items and vehiclesgood VR implementation (though i have only tested this with Riftcat+GearVR+Steam Controller)Price more than acceptable for the amount of content and fun.Go buy this NOW! (game is so good i actually bought it twice :D)"
,Recommended,264710,33172860,Posted: 3 July,all,JMSlay,Gran juego que te irá sorprendiendo poco a poco. Es una beta así que debes saber que algunas cosas cambiaran/mejorarán.
76561198135217566,Recommended,264710,28273425,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ChaosBlade,love the game but i wish it would crash less often :p
76561198086557857,Recommended,264710,28483779,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mantuk42,"Love this game, everything looks so nice!"
,Recommended,264710,22842399,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,il fait chaud à dachau,"I am amazed by how fast this game is growing, and its so great to see the developers love and care for this game as much as the players do, knowing it's been in early access for over a year nowThis game has everything I wanted and dreamed of about a sea exploration adventure... and it's getting better with every updateI highly recommend this game to anybody who loves discovering new and uncharted deep waters, custom base building, exploring, surviving etc... this is my favorite game of 2016 so far !!"
76561198001452833,Recommended,264710,28414199,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Agent185,this game is AWESOME
76561198024221096,Recommended,264710,28414256,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,uncgavin,"Can't wait to see what this game is like when it's finished, although I hope continuous updates mean it never is. Love how active the devs are with this game. One I keep coming back to over and over."
,Recommended,264710,28277090,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Sphiinxy,"Being buying the game I was reading a lot of reviews which complained about how difficult the game had become and that they were making it that way for the veteran hardcore fans.  Dispite that I decided to give it a try, and honestly don't know what people are complaining about.I went back and watched a streamer (Sips) and his playthroughs and the game looks like it used to be so easy it wouldn't even be that much fun.  He was unlocking parts of the ""end game"" ship within an hour or so of playing.  Now it is much more difficult to get to that point, which it should be.Regardless, in the hours I've plugged into this game, it is such a beautiful game.  I love the challenge of having to survive while building and unlocking new things.  I hope the devs continue on the path of making it so that the game is challenging when on survival and don't make it too easy like it seems it used to be.  If you think the game is too difficult, play it on the mode where you dont have to worry about food/water or just play creative (which seems to be what you just want to do anyways).Definitely looking forward to when this game is released in full and what else the devs are going to release for this.  Recommend this game to anyone who enjoys this genre.  Don't shy away from it from reading reviews of it being too difficult, it isn't that bad at all.  Like any game that is a survival with things that can kill you, pay attention and you'll be fine."
,Recommended,264710,28274436,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ZELDAx64™,my game lags a lot i have everything as low as they can go and my pc is better than the minimum requirements
76561198124706762,Recommended,264710,31481759,Posted: 1 May,all,KGHOST,It would be great if you added multiplayer by makaing someone a host and the others could join him so there will be no problem with the map
,Recommended,264710,17175963,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Omega | trade.tf,"It is REALLY FUN you can do a whole lot there so much to explore PRO: Awesome sound,Graphics,Cool CreaturesContra: A few bugs,The Voice of the Woman is a bit annoying from time to timeBut you should buy it ;)"
76561198328836605,Recommended,264710,31583466,Posted: 6 May,all,Mr. Mix,"This game is a great game. I have yet to see any games that are similar to an underwater, open-world survival game. I am excited to see what comes next. Thank you, Unknown Worlds Entertainment, for making a great game.Only came across one issue. A few spots of the terrain does not load up properly, but it could just my computer trying to handle it."
76561198145066135,Recommended,264710,32165754,Posted: 3 June,all,MisterHat,"This game is a beautiful, and wonderful creation. I've never seen a game make being stranded in the sea so.. colorful. It is unlike those other games, We Need To Go Deeper, and such. It makes an amazing blend of horror, and adventure. This is one of the best open world, and survival games I've ever seen. And what really amazes me is the fact it is still in early access."
76561198204037917,Recommended,264710,25695137,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,CF Cemento,awesome!!!!!!!!!!1i love it
,Recommended,264710,23111299,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TangiGaming,One of the best games I've ever played! Definitely my favorite!
,Recommended,264710,31428361,Posted: 28 April,all,Steak,water
,Recommended,264710,31850624,Posted: 19 May,all,Singroff,"Subnautica is one of the best games I have ever had the pleasure of playing. It's fun, the crafting is in-depth and interesting, and the creatures are terrifying and beautiful at the same time.PROS--------+Graphics - This game takes place underwater and it. Is. Gorgeous. The amount of detail the developers put into the landscape and the aliens is marvelous. They look wonderful as does the water effect itself.+Crafting - The crafting in this game is amazingly simple and fun. Building new bases in strange places gives such a feeling a accomplishment. Until the hull implodes of course.... >.>+Design - The world design is breathtaking. All of the biomes are unique and have unique creatures in them, and you never know what to expect next.CONS---------Optimization - The game will stutter often due to loading the environment. This is often very annoying, especially over extended gameplay, which will crash the game after a certain number of hours. Since this game is EA, I am sure that this will be addressed eventually.Subnautica brings out the Thalassaphobia in everyone, and the world is beautiful and unqiue. I can't recommend this game enough if you're looking for a new and exciting survival story with a watery twist.**UPDATE** The development team has added a new settings menu options ""Fade-In"". It smooths objects' load in look. While it doesn't improve the performance, it does take away the whole ""Objects popping into view"" issue."
76561197973429542,Recommended,264710,32961250,Posted: 28 June,all,playa* ease my mind...,One of the best games ever! BIG THUMBS UP!
,Recommended,264710,32961530,Posted: 28 June,all,dm.bgp,"Absolutely amazing game. Would be better if it was multiplayer, but I still put too many hours into this game and its really hard to stop."
,Recommended,264710,32898196,Posted: 27 June,all,EvilM0nkey,Best swimming pool ever ;)
,Recommended,264710,30251233,Posted: 28 February,all,EyeXombie,Been playing it for a while now. I had it on another Steam accound back when it first came out to early access. Awesome game! I enjoy playing it. The end game gets a little boring due to lack of content and the FPS still needs work but other than that I love it.
,Recommended,264710,32926857,Posted: 28 June,all,Panda,"The best early access game I've ever played, and probably the best survival game I've played. 10/10"
76561198142457624,Recommended,264710,32991291,Posted: 29 June,all,&,Very fun time consuming game.
,Recommended,264710,32924531,Posted: 28 June,all,Young James,"Absolutely, positively get this game.  I will admit to a level of bias because ocean planets are my favorite in spec fiction (Aquas in Star Fox, Kamino in Attack of the Clones, 2181 Despoina in Mass Effect 3, etc), and so the idea of a sandbox in a world like that struck a chord with me.  Picked this up on the summer sale, cuz how can you go wrong for 10 bucks?  Well, quite easily, but shut up; I'm trying to make a point here.  I'd pay full price for this in a heartbeat, and likely will when I buy it for several people I know down the line.I was lucky to have a four-day weekend when I got this, and I ended up putting 55 hours in in that time, reaching the end of what's implemented so far (full-release date is September, I'm told, and considering where I got to, there isn't much left, narratively, to put in to make a complete experience).  Mind, if I focused on doing story as soon as I could, progressing farther as I got the requisite upgrades, the submarine, the submersible (two different things), the exosuit, etc, one could probably finish the story in... 25-ish hours?  Part of that's luck; stumbling on the biome with Lithium when you first need plasteel, or the Gel Sacks when you require the exosuit, for instance.  So, possibly more, possibly less.A big part of why I clocked 55 hours (and will put more in before I put this away and wait for the full release) is because every day for the last five days, I have literally woken up with a project in mind.  I have put more time in ♥♥♥♥ing around with stuff I thought sounded cool or like fun than I did the story. And let it be known the story is NOT bad. It's actually pretty gripping, and I enjoyed how it was conveyed.  It's just more like ""I wonder if I can make a bulkheaded attachment to my seabase to make a zoo with one of every kind of creature in it?"" and ""what happens if I let that leviathan pick me up in my exosuit and jam my industrial drilling arm into his mouth?"" or ""You know, a real submerged base would be segmented with bulkheads and organized; let's reinforce and rearrange"" or ""I wonder if I can reinforce my submarine's hull to its maximum and follow the sea floor to its deepest point? What's down there?"" or ""okay, today, let's focus on exploring the inside of that enormous crashed ship and see if I can outfit my mini-submersible with poison torpedoes for those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bonesharks.""  A big part of survival/crafting games is doing what you want BECAUSE you want, and Subnautica delivers BEAUTIFULLY.  Whenever you feel like it, the story will be there, waiting, ready to deliver a challenge and some genuinely rad revelations.  From the almost-end I reached tonight, I really can't wait for the full release.This is a MASSIVE world, with at least 15 unique biomes (that I could find), hundreds of species of animals and plants, all of them imaginitive, and some of them downright arresting (like a jellyfish so big it can't fit the screen unless you're a couple hundred meters away, and has a hard shell on its back that makes it essentially a moving island) or fear-paralysis-inducing (hundred-foot-long eating machine with a face like a Shaggoth if you traded tentacles for horns, anyone?).  The atmosphere is incredible, with appropriate lighting and vocalizations of the sea life (from the tranquil, whale-like cries of the jellyfish islands mentioned above to the horrifying, blood-freezing shriek of the reaper leviathan when he realizes you, who are essentially a swimming fruit snack, are nearby) inspiring peace, awe, or abject terror, depending on where you are.Even for an early-access game (which I usually have a hard forbiddance rule toward), you can tell this game is largely finished, and the devs care.  I only noticed two bugs that REALLY irritated me, and they were certainly not deal- (or game-)breakers.I cannot recommend this highly enough.  I can't REMEMBER the last time a game was so good it was almost the ONLY thing I did for FOUR DAYS STRAIGHT.  Go crash on an alien world.  Craft. Explore.  Contain.  Study.  And when appropriate, YOU RUN (well, swim) YOUR♥♥♥♥♥OFF."
,Recommended,264710,20986116,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Hit,"An amazing survival game, and for an early access game it's AMAZING. The graphics and gameplay keep getting better and better, and it's only the beginning."
76561198283083128,Recommended,264710,28815210,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Black Hole-Chan,"Fish? Check, Extra pairs of pants? Check, Tank filled with fun? Check.Ok, Jokes aside this game is amazing. I allways loved the ocean and this game putting you in an alien ocean just made me wanna scream with hapiness. There are some problems with this game though. A 3rd person view would be really nice. Also, I cant play it often as my Mac Book Air that I use for gaming sucks. I am getting a new PC but I get so mad when I cant play it and have to re-download it.GREAT GAME"
76561198123049012,Recommended,264710,32828322,Posted: 26 June,all,TheJoker,I like how realistic the game is.
76561198108991434,Recommended,264710,33003408,Posted: 29 June,all,GW1488,Beautiful world with fleshed out storyline and the right level of grind.
,Recommended,264710,31485551,Posted: 1 May,all,ravingrowan,What early access should be like
76561197974592405,Recommended,264710,33150120,Posted: 2 July,all,★MultiPleX,This is a pretty solid game if you like to explore and build.
,Recommended,264710,31357343,Posted: 25 April,all,ExM,"I can recommend the idea of an underwater theme type survival game. While I see it has potential, its like 3 yrs old now. My experience so far has been a complete nightmare. Even though the game is completely and totally gorgeous.So I finally buy this. First few hours were extreemly unpleasant. 6 to 7 stalkers all around and way too close. Hard to move around and explore and get things and resources when on the brink of death. Then 4 stalkers followed me to the pod I arrived in. I couldn't even get out. If they all bite me at once, I would be dead non-stop. Luckly I had a lot of food and water and sat in the pod held hostage for a very long time. About 45 mins. Bored and scared. I would go to the top and look to see if they were gone. Finally when they did leave I was able to jump back into the water and get to work gathering supplies to enable my survivalbility.The game as a tutorial but I think it only shoes you how to pick up a fire extinguisher and how to use WASD to move. Any way not being new to the genre, I continued. I finally got enough materials to build my first storage locker. A tiny little box that floats in the water. I began farming materials and placing them into the tiny box. When I returned to take them to my pod to go craft things, I noticed it was gone and broken. Meaning whatever you throw into it just disapears.My recomendation to the devs is to expand on the tutorial system that is already in place. For example how do you pick up ore from the ground when you don't see that you can actually pick it up? Maybe a tool tip pop up that tells you how to gather it or how to collect it when you scan something or hover close to it. More information in game in general is needed.Please fix their bugs a lot faster especially bugs that can affect a new player.Fix placement of items and to also work on minimizing collision barriers so that things can be placed for space conservation, a lot closer. Adding some square compartments can also really help. Every thing seems too round. Hard to place certain things in round sections. Even though, the round does look really nice.I would also recommend some minor stacking numbers be added since you can not stack any thing in this game and it's a few hours before you can start making better things. More snap points be added in proper places to make placing things a lot easier and less frustrating.While I like the decor I think a paint gun tool with a color wheel that will allow you to paint the hospial white walls would be great. Also to nerf the hp reductions a bit for people who do want to have more glass around or the make better windows that can be placed that increase hp of the hull and not reduce it even if it costs more in materials to craft. Make it more fun to look at and let people look out without so many penalties.Maybe some noise reduction. You can see what's happening without the loud noises and cheap horror jump scare tactics. I keep turning down my master volume and things are just way too loud. That should be fixed too. And the same exact noises in the starter area. So annoying the same noises non-stop. Yuck. Just get a dog that never stops barking. It's the same thing. have sound at 4. Master sound and sound affects are linked into one sound. I want that sea cow to shut up already and that beeping noise is making me nuts. Creatures seem to over emote or something. I can't seem to get the sound at just 1 to have something but not nothing either.A non-diablo type inventory style would be so much better. Wtf is up with the inventory issues? Not only do they not even give you a locker that works at the begining, but the size of item changes and eats up more space / slots. Just have it take one slot! I mean nothing stacks to begin with. It's already bad enough. It makes sense in real life but this is just a game.I would also remove a few stalkers from the pod area. athere is literally just too many. I can count at least 8 of them near me. I don't think that is reasonable until you swim a bit further out at the start of the game. Upon death I noticed you respawn with the same stats prior to death. I can't imagine dieing with low stats trying to respawn only to chain death your way into no where. You afford to drop under 20-25% of any stat.Very beautiful game but some things are just way too complicated when it shouldn't be if game devs just offered more information. There are plenty of games that already make you guess alot to do things. But having a well informed game that can convey those messages to the player make things a lot less frustrating. I wasn't expecting to find all the bugs I did in the first few hours of playing alone with a game that's out 3 yrs already and 30K positive reviews. The only thing here that's really great is the scenery.The crafting is just boring. I couldn't find a way to leave things crafting in a que for the fabricator while I left to find food or other things. I had to baby sit the machine like a 2 yr old toddler non-stop and click a lot for each and every single individual thing. Crafting is fun when done right but no one wants to baby sit their crafting machine. It should have a queue system integrated. I felt the crafting in this game was just not enjoyable and really boring to do. If anything it felt like torture putting me off from doing other things I really wanted to do at that time.The game does offer a creative mode. Sadly it doesn't respect building issues which would be helpful to teach people to build proper like the hp reductions / penalties when using glass among other things. After being clueless, I decided to jump into creative to see if I could practice building better. Then a found another mess of long issues. I wish the game would offer even video tutorials for basic stuff that could be accessed in game. For me it just feels like a jumbled disaster and a great deal of missing information for the player.I will try to read more into it as I get free time although I rather not and just play but it's not possible. I can't seem to get passed the million questions I have about the game and the lack of information I'm getting even from the wiki. They really need to stop making games in which half the players gaming time goes into reading a wiki hoping some internet stranger posted something helpful. I love the concept of an underwater survival game but the initial moments are boring, tedious and frustrating at times. Perhaps with more patience for other people and getting through that initial hump, it can be really fun later on.I don't find it too interesting even though it looks fantastic. You fight thirst and hunger and run from creatures when you start out. The crafting is just boring and gross. Inventory space bearly exists. Has potential! 3 yrs into it you can't even have a plant shelf in a cyclops. It's beyond buggy. If you are patient, then have at it. If you lack patience, skip the title or wait 3 more yrs for them to debug it properly."
76561198052875531,Recommended,264710,25378282,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Nothing,"haven't played much but it is an in-depth, well developed alpha game, would recommend"
,Recommended,264710,25379983,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,shiny_,"Survival and exploration, with enough content to keep you busy for weeks, even in early access. Beautiful hand-crafted game world. Single player only. Very immersive. Heh."
76561198148138009,Recommended,264710,23855141,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Evernight 22,Great game. It's very fun and visual. Can get a bit slow at times but then you can just look for better items and such. Would highly recommend to people who like exploration games and games with good quality. The only cons really are that the game is a bit buggy but that's really what you should expect from and early access game. So would highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,264710,23855384,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Exotic,"One of the best games I've played, extremely immersive and fun. The only con for me was the fact that you can play through the entire game and all the content really quick. It's replayable in the fact that you can build seabases and explore the ocean, but in terms of endgame content it is a bit lackluster. For an early access game however, it is well worth the money."
76561198250188554,Recommended,264710,30740198,Posted: 25 March,all,TLG1999,"Even though Subnautica still has a lot of things that are going to be in the game, it's still very well done in its current state. totally worth the money."
76561198076805632,Recommended,264710,33481309,Posted: 12 July,all,nítrσ|hє,"This game is the type of game that is fun to play if u love exploration, the sea creatures are scary at first until you learn about em'. To be honest i love this game to bits."
76561198018946552,Recommended,264710,18884722,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,ArchBuck,"Great game - although initially I thought it progressed too quickly (had the big sub in ~3.5 hours of playtime); now that I am farther along I am finding this is an exploration game more then a building game - and I am loving it.Pros:- Great graphics- Good gameplay- Seems like a good learning curve (so far - 10 hrs playtime)Cons:- No multiplayer (I would love multiplayer)Wants / Desires:- Multiplayer!- More reasons to have a big, sprawling base :)"
,Recommended,264710,33641742,Posted: 18 July,all,ingraved,Fantastic game well worth $20
,Recommended,264710,33641480,Posted: 18 July,all,Mehlawlaz,At first i thought the pricing was a little on the expensive but then i bought it. Totally worth every dollar i spent its a amazing game.
76561198081664534,Recommended,264710,32963203,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr. Dragon,"Bought it this moring, already managed to get my seamoth stuck on top of the lifepod. Great game!"
,Recommended,264710,33639637,Posted: 18 July,all,tank122000,best game of the year
,Recommended,264710,33414898,Posted: 9 July,all,Major Brighton,Im not going to spoil it in any way. Yet they have managed to get quite a number ofthings right in this... experience.I started playing this long before the VR version and was shocked mostly by the devsincredible updates. I think I could actually write a book about the value of this game.Yet will leave that to you
76561198311473121,Recommended,264710,31309762,Posted: 22 April,all,fellowshiper,Gr8 game.
76561198004623891,Recommended,264710,33661122,Posted: 19 July,all,Vala Tarsis,"This game, once finished, will be an amazing experience. Even if you don't care about following the main storyline, the simple exploration and fear of the deep is enough."
76561198177135369,Recommended,264710,33658731,Posted: 19 July,all,Lib3rtyPr1mE,"Very fun game! But, there are still a lot of bugs that need to be sorted out and lots of improvements to be made; but, it is an early access so you shouldn't expect perfection! Great game!"
76561198154368786,Recommended,264710,29392426,Posted: 21 January,all,Autistic normie memes,"I must say I have really liked the game. The freedom is enjoyable, the horror elements and lack of guns is a refreshing change of pace. I will admit there's a number of issues with the game at the moment including textures that look out of place, many frame rate drops, and crashes (save often, just a forewarning to those who have not played the game yet). However I cannot be too hard on Subnautica because the game is not complete and the developers have not yet given the game the optimizations and overall polish that is seen with many triple A titles, similar to how one would not be so much worried about cleaning up a pile of building materials while it's in use for building a house."
76561197981473105,Recommended,264710,16281843,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Silly,"Great game. Not finished yet but if the devs keep it up then this is going to be pure gold.Hmmm, where can i find some gold? Or silver? Quartz? Lithium anyone?This game will keep you busy.10/10 would drown searching for quartz again!"
,Recommended,264710,25494648,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Fabiolus,"So far that title went up in my list as far as survival theme, wow im impress though seriously. This game keeps you busy and its not the hardcore grinding since most things are kinda easy to find with the right tools.I mean the devs really got a good grip on the mechanism and story line and as well on how to progress, many time I wanted to go too fast and couldn't progress thus I had to step back look at what I currently had as far as blueprints and technology and ensure to properly upgrade and then move on to explore a bit further or deeper.I need to concentrate on the story though Ive been lacking in reading the logs to get a better immersion in game. So far Ive been able to build the seamoth, cyclop and a nice starting base which I am still learning about building properly with new upgrades and keeping an eye o integrity of walls.Yes Ive been following the game since it entered Steam, I did the purchase on a sale and I dont regret it at all, the game is quite fun if you play it right or should I say if you take your time to no go too fast and get proper upgrades to progress further.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=762185317Thanks devs!ːsteamhappyː"
76561198094662077,Recommended,264710,23421451,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,mineynze,Subnautica is a really cool underwater survival sim with some funny (but easily avoidable) bugs like rocks that vibrate and the change of color of the escape pod.But one thing that sucks (for me but it was my own choice) is that I don't have a video card and the game is a bit laggy but even with that minor FPS lag it is still highly enjoyable so buy this game it's worth the 20$ I would've pay'd 50 for this game
,Recommended,264710,33762689,Posted: 24 July,all,Gaib27,"I'm out of words at this point playing this game Subnautica. This is the best Early Access Game I have played yet. IF you like Exploring, Aliens, Underwater, Single Player, and Open-World type of games, I recommend you should try this game out for youself, definitely worth it's price aswell.The develepors of this game are amazing, they post everything you would need to know on their some sort of Subnautica Page if you are looking out for updates. They also listen to a lot of feedback! So if you ever so happen to find a glitch or want to give some feedback, they will definitley take a deeper look into it.At first the game may seem a little hard, and scary. But once you learn the way to play, maybe watch some YouTube videos aswell. You will LOVE Subnautica!"
76561197995044191,Recommended,264710,26409242,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,KuKo,"I absolutelty love this game. I started playing in normal where ""if"" you die, you respawn at the last auto-saved point. That wasn't hard enough for me. So I started ""Hardcore"" which means you die... game over... you have to restart. In my opinion I learn easier knowing that if I die, I have to restart. There is no map which makes it more of a memory game. There are people playing this game who remember zones, but for the life of me my brain seems to ""reset"" everytime I die. I think It's funny because I only seem to remember my way to the ship.Now that I've babbled... let me say this... I love this game. I restarted hardcore 5 times. Everytime I restart... my beginnings get easier because I know the 1st steps.Yes it's a single-player game... but if you enjoy games where you can just build a better version of what you just tried, than you'll love this game.I've played World of Warcraft for over 7 yrs. My favorite part of it was ""building"" characters. I don't like raiding or end-game. Which is why I like this game so much. If I die... ""How the F***? Ohhh... so that's how you wanna fight? I gotchu"" **New game** game loads --- ""OK... time to REK this Leviathan"".You may think.... ""hardcore is all about starting over?"" well PPPFFFFFFTT... Hardcore is about how long can you survive the game while doing whatever you want.Subnautica is a great game. Would I recommend.... HELL yes. Do I wish it was MP.... of course. But in the meantime... it's awesome."
76561198081350124,Recommended,264710,26324657,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,CaptainNort,"Great so far, can't wait to see where the devss take this"
,Recommended,264710,26324676,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,excalibur,"Great atmosphere, graphics and music. If you like exploration, crafting and building, you're gonna love it."
76561198368314288,Recommended,264710,33764484,Posted: 24 July,all,Shampoo32,"Very enjoyable game.I wish I could get a full version soon,"
76561198050103111,Recommended,264710,33156321,Posted: 2 July,all,Caibre,"For an early acces game, it is very well done. Still has a few glitches and bugs, but nothing game breaking. Some extra feathures should be added like auto-save or quick save, more graphic options and maybe a co-op mode cool be fun but isn't necessary."
76561198346571796,Recommended,264710,31228403,Posted: 18 April,all,ps4gameing,cool game
76561197971149689,Recommended,264710,24023041,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cross,it's fine.
76561198070667348,Recommended,264710,31295868,Posted: 22 April,all,Zoolander,"I cannot get enough of this game. This is the best $10.00 I have ever spent.This is a survival/exploration game. The game has good progression, and the game can be very immersive. It can definitely scare me at times with jump scares and creepy sounds. If you have a phobia of the ocean, it'll only get worse. The story is very interesting and subtle. A lot of the story is in the details like in the Portal game series.Crafting and base building is fun. There are many tools you can use to explore, and the vehicles are fun to use.Graphics are stunning. They nailed the water for sure. There are fun sci-fi and other foreign planet aspects. The game is not fully optimized yet. As you progress or go into busy areas, your FPS will drop. I hope this will be fixed before release."
,Recommended,264710,23931970,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,mimiguy 2,My New favorite game!!!!! It's the best game I everplayed! Thank you People that made subnatica!
76561197972401145,Recommended,264710,28897742,Posted: 1 January,all,RasaNova,"This is a very polished and visually stunning survival sandbox game. It's early access, but there's enough content that it could easilybe considered a complete game as-is.- Take a swim.- Scavenge for supplies.- Don't forget to breath.- Be amazed at all the colorful exotic fish.- Drown because you forgot to breathe.- Eat colorful exotic fish.- Build a base.- Get eaten by colorful exotic fish.- Build a submarine.- Explore a vast ocean teaming with life.- Get terrorized by a vast ocean teaming with life.- Craft a cool weapon.- Terrorize fishes.- Build a really big submarine.- Investigate the mysteries of the planet.- Survive."
,Recommended,264710,33776249,Posted: 24 July,all,Camplaysgames,"Absolutely amazing game. 10/10. A brilliant game with a dedicated and engaged dev team, regular updates, and a fantastic story. also terrifying"
,Recommended,264710,22197418,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Treetalk,"Subnautica is a Super cool game! with a ton of Fauna and Flora, updates are frequent too!I reccomend this game with a 8/10It is a survival horror mix, and develepors keep updating this game with new and exiting things!Buy-This-Game"
,Recommended,264710,29187887,Posted: 11 January,all,Patty,"This is a great game, I truly enjoy every second of playing. The game looks beautiful, has cool creatures and ""quests"" folowed by a story. I'ts all well-rounded and I bet if you purchase this game you wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,264710,15357204,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Shadow Snatcher,"Wonderful and beautiful game!! It still in is early stages and with that said it looks amazing for that. I can't wait to see what they will be adding onto it, map is huge and suppose to get insanely bigger. I really do suggest giving this one a try. Later down the road this game will be a top pick."
,Recommended,264710,17419467,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Flippinfinn,"LOTS OF PROMISE!I love this game in general. Even though my laptop (Macbook Pro 13"") isn't optimal for gaming (which means i have to have quite low quality settings) i still enjoy this game alot,I cant wait or new things to come to this game, like new updates with more enviroments, more features, more creatures and better and more forgiving graphic options. I am so glad I bought it, and highly recommend it to anybody who likes the sea, aliens, survival and sandbox games."
,Recommended,264710,17397548,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Chilli Cheese Chips,"Honestly, one of the most enjoyable, fun, imaginative and beautiful games I've ever played. Interesting gameplay, and an overwhelming sense that something amazing or terrifying is always beneath you... The scenery is stunning. Absolutley stunning. Surviving this alien waterworld is as much a pleasure as it is a challenge. I can't say it enough, I love this game... and It's not even finished yet.I cannot wait for what else they put in this brilliantly designed game."
,Recommended,264710,17376783,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Thorndancer,"From the graphics to the awesome soundtrack to the incredible amount of thought that's clearly gone into it, this is a wonderful game that delivers an engaging adventure of exploration coupled with resource gathering and item building. Highly recommended."
76561198204759027,Recommended,264710,17424569,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Bio Hazard,"it is an amazing survival game with the coolest exploration experience that you won't experience any place else. The dev's at unknown worls are doing an amazing job and are always making the game better. In all, subnautica is an early access game that you wouldn't even begin to think it's early access"
76561198030160342,Recommended,264710,17391345,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Guard81,"First and foremost Subnautica is IN DEVELOPMENT - It isn't finished yet and much more will likely be on the way before it is.However, even though this is a single-player game, it can be quite challenging. The exploration factor is excellent and the biospheres are diverse. Survival mode and hardcore add to your troubles on this watery world. Add in exploding fish and big things with teeth and it's all very interesting.Subnautica is also one of the prettiest games I've seen for a long while and the technical design compliment the aesthetics wonderfully. Base building and other crafting elements are easy enough to grasp and the possibilities are extensive.It's well worth checking out some of the available videos online to see more. I do hope for some multiplayer eventually but for now, this whole ocean is mine to explore."
,Recommended,264710,17410611,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Kajit Killer,It is very good.Buy it to experience it for yourself.$20 Is cheap for what this game offers and what is yet to come.BY FAR THE BEST Alpha Game I have played.
76561198087720102,Recommended,264710,17369357,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Nikos,"I have thoroughly played through both the experimental version and the stable version. I really enjoy the new things to build in experimental mode for your base, however there are several glitches in the moon pool. The moon pool can dock the Seamoth, and is supposed to charge it, but it doesn't actually charge it. You can fall through the side of the moonpool as well and get stuck outside, because the game still thinks that you're in base, so you get stuck outside. The placement of the moon pool also is really difficult to deal with. Also, for some reason the moon pool doesn't completely connect to the base, and seems to randomly get flooded. I really do like the game as a whole, though, and I like the direction they're taking the game. 10/10 Developers. Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,264710,17393107,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Q13E5 ︻デ═一,This game turned out to be very fun to play. its a game in progress so there are bound to be bugs in it.Pros+Solid gameplay+Creative mode capable by console+Solid and thought out survival engine+Capable of converting old saves to work with new updates (not recomended to do)+Its UniqueCons-A bug or two-Barely runs on my 2009 (gaming) laptop
76561198007914439,Recommended,264710,17407634,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,kezdog92,Probably one of the most complete EA games iv played. Recommended for people who love exploring. The alien world is very unique and interesting. Immersion at its finest.
,Recommended,264710,17411878,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,beebot99,This game is a fun game at first however with the lack of content it does get a bit dull and slides back to just collect scrap metal and make another underwater base however this is what you have to expect in early access games; However im sure plenty more content is in the mix ready to come out. Therefor 10/10 would be eaten by a stalker again.
,Recommended,264710,17399212,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Liquid {newb},"Review as of its current state.I got this game around midnight. And its about 6 am now.  Aside from playing this for the last 6 hours all I did was eat.  Amazing title. Cant wait to see where it goes.Important to note is the regular updates by the devs.  I buy early access to support an idea, but rarely do I see regular updates streaming out like I do with this game.Amazing.  I'd pay 29.99 for this title. Currently at 19.99, well worth it."
,Recommended,264710,33795259,Posted: 25 July,all,DemonKilla408,As a kid I always loved the ocean and learning about marine life! This game maybe unrealistic because the animals are aliens but that is what makes the game interesting because think about it we do not even know what is in our own ocean! It is cool to see how the developers keep adding new marine life as well as new features! There is no multiplayer but the developers have hinted on it but they want to make sure the make the singleplayer experience the best it possibly can be before adding multiplayer. I love this game it is so amazing and I cannot wait to see what they add in the future
,Recommended,264710,32550705,Posted: 18 June,all,McSaiyan,Subnautica is a game that cant be compared to anything. You start with barely nothing in an underwater world and you learn to survive in it. You find resources and you slowly build a base that gets you even further with a lot of amazing vehicules and equipment that help you explore the world and fight all kind of creatures. I would pay 100$ for the game and it would still be worth it.
,Recommended,264710,16322882,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Gray,"9.5/10 - Wonderful Development, Intense Atmosphere, and an Amazing Concept.There's a couple games out on Steam that involve the ocean, but this one takes the cake. It's got an amazing Dev team, the updates are consistent, and come out often enough to keep you wanting more, and the game has a lot to offer. This is definitely worth the money and you will get a good amount of replay time and enjoyment out of it. The developers listen to their fans/players and encourage you to find bugs, suggest new ideas, and help the game as a community. I highly recommend this game, and I'm seriously looking forward to the updates to come.If you don't think this game is worth it, watch some good Let's Plays of it and then decide. Most of the YouTubers I've seen play this game seriously enjoyed it, especially Jack.If I had to give this any cons, I'd say that trying to find Quartz can get a little boring at times, and you need Quartz for a lot of things, but luckily resources re-spawn if you wait long enough, and it's not that big of a deal to go searching for resources. It's kind of like how Minecraft can get kinda boring if you're looking for diamonds or iron and it's nowhere to be found...you just have to be patient.Driving in the vehicles is a ton of fun, and there is always this sense that if you go deep enough there will be something absolutely massive waiting for you. (The devs are implementing such a monster in the future. You can see it in the trailer.)All in all, if you're looking for a fun game to play that is still being worked on, this is a good candidate and I seriously recommend you try it out."
76561198257884582,Recommended,264710,33757535,Posted: 23 July,all,Rednebula123,"Outstanding. It is everything an early access game it should be. There is nothing terrible about it. With all the new updates making the better all the TIME! It brings suspense, creativity,  creepiness, and lots of fun. It is really beautiful, ranging from the most harmless to the most dangerous things. The different story lines make it better. I recommend this game, it will not waste your time."
,Recommended,264710,33783554,Posted: 25 July,all,Yanuri Rezu,"The game is great! Alpha, yet awesome! Just need more intensity! Maybe more danger, something lurking."
,Recommended,264710,33733410,Posted: 22 July,all,Fishbits,"This game is a weird one. For a reviewer, it's hard to decide what to focus on, whether it be the game's ridiculously pleasing aesthetic, the relative freedom of action throughout, or the somewhat vestigial components that frankly have very little additional benefit in the long term. So let's go over each.Aesthetically, the game is absolutely wonderful. You get the very real sense of being in an ocean(albeit, a very, very Clean ocean, as I've never seen water this clear, but I understand that that can promote good gameplay and help to draw attention to the good parts), and much of what is under the water glows, or has distinctively colorful traits to it, letting you know where you are, relatively speaking, and what to expect, both in terms of your food supply, your relative distance to the surface, and of enemies that will kill you mercilessly while in the earliest state of gameplay.As for your freedom to do stuff, this is actually pretty awesome in many ways. You're able to build a large sprawling underwater base of sorts, which can allow you to save your held inventory in case you die(and you will), and to store things. Realistically, however, you will only need to build a single platform for one, maybe two pods, with some solars and a water reclaiming device. So while you have the freedom to build big great things, the necessity becomes a bit bare.You'll traverse the game scanning parts(most likely by spotting them with Google) and collecting resources to build up your mini-sub, then your full sized sub, then your mechanical walker, then pack your mechanical walker into your full sized sub and Boom. Suddenly that underwater base you built becomes completely useless as you're able to build planters on your submarine, keeping you alive and well fed no matter where you go, pretty much.All of which is to say, Subnautica is a remarkably short game, even in its current near-completion state. If you're focused, you can finish it out in a relatively short period of time, but if you have the urge to do things you have no need of doing, like building up a submarine dry-dock for your minisub, or building a sprawling underwater habitat of sorts, or what have you, then you can derive countless hours of entertainment. But a game like this is missing one thing.Multiplayer.The devs have made it clear that Subnautica will remain a single player game, but I feel like multiplayer would be the biggest help for this, as it would allow multiple players to hunt for and gather resources, and would ultimately serve to, while some would say ""make the game easier"", bring a mindset of cooperative exercise to the whole thing from start to finish, to say nothing of the idea of building up more things in more places as players ultimately, even when cooperating, build their own little homes when playing together.Minecraft manages it, The Forest manages it, et cetera, I feel that the lack of a multiplayer option in this seems like an oversight on the part of the developers. Even if it were limited to 2, maybe 4 max players, it would still be a major step forward for the game."
,Recommended,264710,20681756,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,rooster.usmc117,"Subnautica is fun. I do not have much time in it. At all. But I have seen it's visual effects and tested the gameplay. This game is stunning. So here comes the full review.Overall Summary:  Subnautica presents a unique underwater survivial environment with many creatures and items to explore, encounter, and collect. The being placed in a beautiful ocean world that is teaming with life is absolutely immersing. You can never not be in awe of the beauty that surrounds you as you explore the vast planet.Now I break it downGameplay - Scored 7/10 at this point in time. It is Early Access Alpha. It is not completed, that is why it gets 7/10.Visuals/Graphics - 10/10. This game is gorgeous. I am always awestruck by finding new areas in this game. The visual effects are unique and like no other I have seen before.Sandbox/Building - 8/10 at this point in time.  Subnautica provides a simple system to building a base that has some bugs that I have faith will be ringed out soon. The building options are truly unique and can leave you with a underwater fortress or a small hamlet that stick out of the surface.  Either or, this game provides you with limitless things to build. It is only up to your imagination to know what you want.Replayability - 8/10 at this point in time. The game is being built still, so more content will be added in the future and the game will get bigger. There are times, however, like most survival games where things will become dull as you will do the same things over again and again. I am hoping that the develops will open the game up to modding and the steam workshop.If you want to see a First Look video, check out my video that I did. Sorry about the loud in game volume. I had barely messed with it when I hopped into the game and started recording.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwJuRg9iz5E"
,Recommended,264710,16980173,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,[BS] sam101699,"Great game so far, wastes away hours to get the smallest things! It's pretty harsh on your machine, but if it's semi good, it should run fine. Pretty, and very fun. 8/10."
76561198215776944,Recommended,264710,16969361,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Nerdy Anarchist,"Ive tried almost every single sandbox survival type games. From The Forest to Space Engineers, to Stranded, ive tied them all and disliked almost every single one. Until Subnautica, not only is it a beautifully graphic game, the Dev's really keep up on making this game better, and better. I was going to purchase this on Steam, but I discovered this game is possibly coming to gaming consoles soon. If so ill hold off and get this on Xbox One. If you like the survival, sandbox, basebuilding, exploration, genre of games that really came out of nowhere the last few years, this one is truly the best of the best. its a must have or ateast try this game, since Steam implemented the refund policy.. Although this game is still in Early Access, there are hardly any bugs, and honestly this game feels more finished then any other.. (Ive since purchased this game, decided not to wait for console)"
,Recommended,264710,23998755,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,KyuremaTaurus,Community: Positive.Creatures: A very Creative Idea.Boss Creatures: An Intresting idea for a Survival Game.Detail/Graphics: Beautiful.How much I Like/Hate the Game: 10/10.
,Recommended,264710,28319346,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ScreamingFrancis,"Small experience ingame:- Went exploring the Jellyshroom cave with my Moth submarine- Batteries died soon after I reached the very bottom- Heard some noises and roars that froze my blood- Tried to swim back to the surface being like ""oh sheet no oh fock no...""- Eventually made it back to a friendly spot- Still looking for some courage to go back there.11/10 would be scared by unknown roars again"
,Recommended,264710,17653395,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,The Malk Man,I you like survivle games then this is the game for you. Havig four ways to play in the newist up data. Also having los of bioms to explore. Plus many animals from bomerangs to reeper lobiathin it is incredibl.
76561197991993188,Recommended,264710,34155048,Posted: 10 August,all,Ivar,"The polar opposite of No Man's Sky in my experience. Wonderfully engaging and personal foray into the survival genre. Everything here is hand-crafted, so don't expect vast repetitive landscapes. Instead expect to be awed and wowed by beautifully crafted biomes with a well staged survival experience that is far deeper than it may at first seem. No game has gripped me as intensely in the past decade or so, a 5-star recommendation, even in it's current (very stable) pre-release build."
76561197975017451,Recommended,264710,31242470,Posted: 19 April,all,Yaholdi,"This is an awesome game, and it just keeps getting better. The Devs actively update it, expand the game, and respond to user feedback. I would definately reccomend this game if you have any intrest at all!"
76561198136685814,Recommended,264710,29965636,Posted: 16 February,all,Dox,A fun game if you just wanna sit back and play something that isnt that much action. it can be a bit creepy with the sounds the alien lifeforms make. but it already showing promising stuff. :)
76561198060334957,Recommended,264710,34461645,Posted: 24 August,all,automation,"Watching this game go from being super early-access and now almost ready for release is now my thing to beat for knowing that a company has their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and is dedicated to making the game. It is my favorite game because it's not just about survival, but also about the horror of surviving alone in a daunting, unfamiliar, and at times uncomfortably alien environment. I can't wait until I eventually get a VR system and play this game, I feel like it's going to be a whole new experience.The best moment playing this game (so far) was after the voice of the deep update and my wife, alarmed, said ""there's plot? I thought it was like Minecraft!"""
76561198299381532,Recommended,264710,29307955,Posted: 16 January,all,TheOneAndOnlyTrueDoge,Just saying ive had a graphics problem but otherwise quite a good game
76561198124638041,Recommended,264710,25167889,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SuNS3tM1aM1ViCe 日没マイア,"Beautiful, so much to explore and craft. Making your own base is really fun too"
76561198002604706,Recommended,264710,34533425,Posted: 27 August,all,Amazin Blazin,This game has done nothing to quell my fear of the ocean.
76561198238174094,Recommended,264710,34521138,Posted: 26 August,all,♚ ☭ ︻デ┳═ー Pew Pew ☭ ♚(O_O),its good yea
76561198244620996,Recommended,264710,34521359,Posted: 26 August,all,Meowmeow Farmskins.com,"Let me straight forward mate, i love this game so much! :DFirst of all- Unique Creatures under the sea.- Leviathans are awesome and scaring looking. XD- Buildings and vehicles are also awesome.- Biomes- Story telling.- Get scare when in the dark- Thalassophobia, Yes- Bathophobia, Yes- Get to scan the flora, fauna and others which thier lifespan is more than 100 or even 1000 years +, HELL YEAH XDand even more.Maybe the developers may or maybe consider to add more biomes and vehicles?Extend the story line? Maybe or maybe not, just curios the 16 artifacts (if i not mistaken) at the lava zone where they get it, how they get it, for what reason, why put there, where the precursors come from and why here? Correct me if i got wrong.After finish the story line, then maybe the players can do more deeper researches ? I dont know...maybe after the G.U.N is deactivated, the players get to use the rocket and go to another planet? Research more?I believe the ""subnautica"" water world is not gonna be small right? Add more biomes ? precursors researchers ?i dont know what am i talking about now.. XDHoping this game get to full release :D LOVE this gameRating 11/10 ^-^"
76561198413406790,Recommended,264710,34520090,Posted: 26 August,all,DoggyRookie,little glitchie
,Recommended,264710,34552776,Posted: 28 August,all,fluffybegemot,"Subnautica is an exceptional game, with an atmosphere that is both gentle and terrifying in equal measure. The experience and storyline present a sense of lonely mystery and thrilling exploration that I think surpasses any of the other current games in this genre.The crafting system is thoughtfully structured and satisfying, and constructing undersea bases is a genuine joy. All in all, Subnautica is shaping up to be one of my all-time favourites."
76561198211497239,Recommended,264710,28990358,Posted: 3 January,all,FlatBoulders,"This game is very good, simple but effective storyline. Though it is very hard for me to find certain recourses (e.g. Silver) and the fact that it should also have a multiplayer option."
,Recommended,264710,34562871,Posted: 28 August,all,Smoky1uk,Love it! Simply put one of the best single player open world games around!
,Recommended,264710,20619454,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,TheGrimReapersScythe,"This game is great for someone looking for an exploration game, creation, and even a bit of a fear factor, its amazing."
76561198200718528,Recommended,264710,33958035,Posted: 1 August,all,Spys are a myth,"Amazing overall, leviathans are a bit buggy but nothing too bad"
76561198244919154,Recommended,264710,17573792,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Chipper Fish,"Truly a great game worth playing. For me I can't move from the computer to stop playing it (Normally I'm on for an hour or so...). So I'm incredibly happy I ran across this game. Although it has a few minor bugs, it is still a game in my top ten. (Most of the creatures frighten me to be honest, but that's the point of it so I continue playing). Sincerely, a happy customer of your excellent game"
76561198016868667,Recommended,264710,17574511,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Gizmo,"I swore to myself, that'd NEVER EVER buy another early access game. And here I am... I couldn't resists. I mean... c'mon - this is another planet teeming with aquatic life. The game is not yet finished - and it shows now and then. BUT I haven't had so much fun in months. This is one of the first games in months - if not years - that really made me play 12 hours within a day. The game idea is great. The level of freedom amazing. The scenery... woah! Diving was never so immersive - pun intended. Whoever these guys are - I'd buy this game again. And again! YOU should buy too - you won't regret it. Nuff now... gotto go back and expand my base."
,Recommended,264710,32905608,Posted: 27 June,all,TruPlayer777,Great game to get involved in. Takes some time but very involved.
,Recommended,264710,17576008,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Patches,"9.5/10♥♥♥♥ing love it. Its still Early Access, and more content keeps coming down the pipeline. They encourage you to report bugs, which so far for myself are few and in between, so to me that says, ""We give a damn"". Its open world aquatic sandbox. Already sounds like a good time. Vast biomes and a great variety of aquatic life, both peaceful, and absolutely terrifying.The creatures move rather naturally all things considered, and continue to get better. Since I have owned this game, I have seen creature models go from rigid robotic movement to more fluid and natural motions. Some still need work.Then the building. While it is restrained to building with modular tubes, these too are being updates and expanded, giving players more options.First time you meet a Reefback, youll be sold on it."
,Recommended,264710,25099923,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,5h34rcon,"Love this game! For early access this is amazing! The game has only been getting better. If you like survival with some building and being underwater, this is for you! Great graphics, the UI is pretty easy to follow, and the game play keeps me coming back."
76561197980947074,Recommended,264710,20103155,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Spankasaurus,"Hands-down my most favorite survival game so far. I have always been fascinated by the ocean. I think it is a feeling most people share. This game does a very good job of taking what is beautiful and terrifying about the ocean and amplifying it for extreme enjoyment. It is still very early access so there is a lot of content to be desired in terms of what you can build and how you can modify it, but there is already more than enough content to occupy at least 20 hours of your time if you are into the exploration part of the game. If you like to just collect the rarest resources and build the last tier of objects in survival games, this may not have enough for you just yet.But please - if anything, at least buy it for the fact that you can build your own damn submarine, name it, color it, and pilot it wherever you wish. You can even dock your little one-man craft into it and take it out to explore the smaller cave systems and such. There is so much to see."
76561198126019157,Recommended,264710,29766240,Posted: 7 February,all,Unofficial Entity Spokesperson,"I first got this game after a friend told me about it. I hate water in video games because I know there are bad things in there that want to eat me, so I immediately sat there shaking my head not wanting to go into the water. I finally did and loved every second of it. The view is beautiful and there is lots to do. Absolutely love this game. My only negative is that there isn't a multiplayer because I would love to play this with friends!"
76561198097691261,Recommended,264710,32281448,Posted: 8 June,all,Reizell,Very beautiful. I love this game and its so fun to explore all the hidden gems in here and swim away from the death.
,Recommended,264710,25217270,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Hydra,"Subnautica.The potential of this game is ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING. I love the sea and the wonderous depths of it. You know what I do not love? Glitches. Although this game is an Early Access game, the FIRST world i played.. My bulkheads were stuck. I could't go anywhere without dismantling my bulkheads in my base.Aside from this right off the bat glitch...I was genuinely entertained with the gameplay, it proposes a new concept that hasnt been done before. Surviving in a complete ocean environment.I had loads of fun collecting resources and building my underwater base and crafting many tools and items.The creative mode is extremely relaxing and almost theraputic.One thing i believe this game should have is more out of the water items, like boats and bases on the surface, so your'e not stuck making a dangerous undersea base.Aside from obvious glitches, this game is amazing!I truly love this game after only 10 hrs, I would definitely recommend it!"
,Recommended,264710,21882171,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,can,I have thalassophobia yet I play this while my heart at 170 bpm. This is practically a horor game for me.
,Recommended,264710,19241467,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,bricen,"I bought this game when it was fairly new and it was great back then. I have just started playing again and they have improved so many things and added a ton of new features in that span of time. This team is dedicated to their game and the experience of those who play it. Thanks for the great game guys, keep it up."
76561198186215147,Recommended,264710,21286337,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Thanatos...,"How to endorse subnautica? Do you like minecraft? Do you like the ocean? Do you like suspence? This has all of this. Imagine being in a small submersible and hearing this godawful roar, did I mention its so dark you can only see what your flood lights reveal? You desperatly need some copper for batteries for the massive mothersub you just built and have had to venture into the reapers territory. The devs for this game have been able to capture the feeling of being stranded ALONE on an ocean planet. You build really cool bases and equipment. You must supply power to these items as well as eat and survive. Seems frantic and hard right? Wrong! Once you start swimming around you just relax and take it slow.  You like hunting large creatures good. This game looks to be right up there with ARK as far as groundbreaking and awsome survival games. Granted you cant tame and ride creatures in this one you can build an aquarium and display the little ones you catch,(great for spare food too). If you like anything from minecraft to treasures of the deep this is the game for you. Lets face it minecraft gets tough at times but in subnautica everywhere you go is a lesson in resouce management. I thought the newer power drain on the cyclops was bad but it works, you must plan out your trips and exporatory trips wisely or you will be stuck in a dead sub far from your home. Multi player would be nice so my son and I could play or even more ""things"" or ""ruins"" to find but as this is still in the dev stages I'm sure they wont dissapoint. They haven't yet. Buy it and try it you'll be hooked as I was."
,Recommended,264710,31810043,Posted: 17 May,all,TheGrymlock,"I can't really stand survival games other than survival horror, but damn I love this game.  I can play for hours and hours and it's still only early access.  You get caught up in it so easily.  Love it.  Definitely recommend to even those of us who don't really care much about survival games.  You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,264710,27277890,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Goatastic,"Cool concept, but really laggy in some places but it's still a good game but it's best to wait until it's out."
,Recommended,264710,21628411,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,rdlish,"Truly the whole package.  Great developers,  Beautiful game, Scalability for survival, and an organized roadmap on Trello.  It has been a while since I purchased a game that I was this happy with.  Keep up the great work Unknown Worlds Entertainment."
,Recommended,264710,23473555,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Chronos,"Very good for an early access. Lots to do, world is enormous. Cannot recommend enough."
76561198174995734,Recommended,264710,17568686,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ZeekerDog,"awsome game!-Update 8/2/17: ok i love this game but theres just one thing....THIS GAME RUNS LIKE A POTATO.Countless crashes due to fps underload. ( i have my graphics set to medium and it runs 10 fps) i have a good graphics card (Core i3). i love this game but whats the point of playing when you create a new game and it takes 4 minutes to make and to load. 7/10. Although this game runs poorly, i have to say that the game is still entertaining, and enjoyable, just make sure you dont have a bad computer."
,Recommended,264710,23404300,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Seanster,"One of the best games I've played in a while.-Pros-: Great graphics: Awesome SFX and music: Hours upon hours of fun: Regular updates/ new content and bug fixes: Interesting storyline (still in development): Devs always keep the players in the loop about future plans but still keep somethings as a surprise: Makes you scream like a little girl when something jumps out at you.-Cons-: Takes a long time to start a game: Quite a few bugs, a couple of times the whole game crashed: More bugs: Needs a better tutorialJust a side note.When the game updates, you near enough have to start a new game, you can carry on with your old save but you won't get the full update properly and it can bug out to hell.You can't beat the feeling when you're deep in the sea in total pitch black with only the light from your small ship to see and you hear a sound of a creature you've never heard before.This game is a must have if you enjoy survival games.9/10"
,Recommended,264710,32377204,Posted: 12 June,all,Nick crompton,help me help you
,Recommended,264710,28768708,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Insanity Serum,I like this game. For a survival game it has a lot to do. Sadly it doesn't run well nor does it load quick. I know my specs (Quadro 4000 and Xeon E5-1620) aren't that great but nearly all my games run at 60 fps consistintly. They also generate and load worlds(if there) quickly. This doesn't. Needs major optimization but its fun I won't deny. You just decent specs and you're fine.
76561198166111041,Recommended,264710,21536309,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,HellRazzer,One Of The Most Beautiful Games Out There But Its Kind Of Repeditive. Multiplayer Would Escalate This Game To Something Great.
,Recommended,264710,28307264,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Kazz,"Well i'm giving this game a positiv rewiev despite the fact it has some game breaking flaws.First things first this game is gorgeous, the water looks perfect which is essential for a underwater survival game, and other than that its pretty in general. The gameplay itself is very well made, it's not annoying to stay hydrated and to check if you had eaten enough but it still needs to be done. The crafting is fun and finding blueprints is challenging (in a good way).Long review short: This game is actually very enjoyable.Where are the game breaking flaws, you ask? Well the game freezes every now and then (which is a lot and really annoying). So you sit there waiting for like 10 - 15 seconds and pray it doesn't crash your game (happend only twice though). When the game is not on a freezing state it runs somewhat fine but it constantly drops to low 25 fps. Just FYI it's not a hardware issue, my rig is pretty up to date. FYI #2 the game reacts exaclty the same on low graphic settings, so no changes on freezing and fps drops.I've also encountered a few weird bugs but some of those can be fixed by just restarting the gameNow as a early access game you can expect things like this, but as a customer i expect the devs to fix these things before adding new stuff to the game.So to be honest if a other game would have these performance issues i would not bother playing it but like i said the gameplay is really fun so it kinda makes up for that (still hope they will fix it someday)."
76561198095792578,Recommended,264710,23314802,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Gentlem🅰n Rex,this game is pretty awesome a underwater Alien Planet survival is SOOOO COOL
,Recommended,264710,24623551,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Unco' Iriamu,The games is pretty fun. It's a good time consumer. There are a few glitches here and there but eh still fun.
,Recommended,264710,30508327,Posted: 14 March,all,Chapel,"(Keep in mind i played subnautica on my other account.)Subnautica is a *beautiful* underwater survival game, which can attract all different types of gamers. If you like survival, go for it. If you like exploration, go for it. Hell, even if you just want a relaxing little novelty item for when your talking with your friends, by all means, go for it!Between the base-building, exploration, beauty, and survival, there is nowhere this game can't go wrong."
76561198176209729,Recommended,264710,29639240,Posted: 1 February,all,Colt Gameplays,"Stellar Universe they set it in, This almost feels like its not a planet. I mean the main moon or whatever it is must be jupiter. We must be on Jupiters Moon made of water"
,Recommended,264710,33382445,Posted: 8 July,all,HapaxHog,This is the only survival game I've ever played that didn't end up ultimately feeling like a giant waste of time.
,Recommended,264710,31165318,Posted: 15 April,all,not ricc,"I would give this game a solid 7/10, however I feel if multiplayer was implemented somehow it would be easily 9/10"
76561198011539099,Recommended,264710,20494441,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Shade Meadows,"""Under the seaUnder the seaHere is scaryPlease be waryTake it from meUp on the islands there is nothing thereIn the middle of the night better bewareWhile we surviveFull time thrivingUnder the sea""~An Underwater Alien World, you as the sole survivor must continue to be one.it is still in Early Access but you CAN see the potencial, And the Devs are very responsive and hard workingBest Early Access so far!"
,Recommended,264710,21925654,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,StarDruid,"Very good game and development is coming along nicely. There are crash and bugs but that is the nature of early access. And despite the map being set size there is a huge amount of area to explore, wether is above the sea, below the sea, or blow the sea floor. I've yet to explore more then a small part of the map before a another major update comes out. Also  there is Plenty to do construction wise in the game.  Hopefull someday in the distance future they'll add multiplayer and the game will be amazing."
76561197969394177,Recommended,264710,15861106,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Core Dump:DHC:,Well it's still early access but this game has crazy potential. The feeling of exploring an unknown ocean from your crashed life pod is so well done. This will probably have a long development ahead but when it's finished it will be simply stunning and engrossing.
,Recommended,264710,33283932,Posted: 5 July,all,AbakaDABra 🔪🔥,"Awesome game, beautiful atmosphere, intriguing flora and fauna, emotional stroyline.I wish this game would never end, but everything has an end, I still hope that the devs will get a multiplayermode or even more story implemented"
,Recommended,264710,22418229,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,JrT,"Really interesting, eloquent and unique game. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,264710,32368030,Posted: 12 June,all,Marscommander,"Overall this is a wonderful game, and well worth the purchase in its current state. Main storyline is almost complete, gameplay is very smooth and runs really well without major bugs, and the game is incredibly immersive and realistic. The detail in the water and how the game feels is very nice. I highly reccommend buying this game if you're into survival games, and the strong and compelling storyline means the gameplay isn't very repetitive. 10/10"
,Recommended,264710,31238893,Posted: 19 April,all,literally dying,"Subnautica is a great survival game, played for a while and I really enjoyed it. It's fun, and even though I am absolutely terrified of the ocean I still enjoyed the adventure side of it. Isn't unbelievably hard in terms of survival as well.Overall 9/10 Subnautica. You're doing a good."
76561198038571747,Recommended,264710,24623982,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,mads,"I read about this game and when I saw it on sale, I decided to purchase it.It is an amazing game, very challenging and lots of fun.So far from what I played, I can't fault it.The developers of this game have created a truely memorable game. I look forward to seeing it develop further and look am excited to play the final version as well as the early access game."
76561198160209913,Recommended,264710,22856949,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,SlickSerpent,"Truly an amazing, immersive, compelling game filled with endless amounts of enertainment. I always thought early access games weren't a good idea, for reasons you may already know. But don't let the fact that this game is early access deter you from buying this game, because you should play this game. The open world in this game is presented with such grace and decency. This game world feels ALIVE, and that feeling is only rivaled by other large open world games, such as GTA. Unlike some open world games, this world is bursting with life and matter. There is always something to find and be enthralled by, and the survival aspects of this game are as polished and refined as they should be for any game. Building underwater habitats, submarines, exploring uncharted underwater lands, and encountering terrifying otherwordly beasts is something you can only do in SUBNAUTICA. In short, I like this game, and I recommend it."
76561198188787550,Recommended,264710,21858189,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Splinterfuzz,I picked this game up because I'd been playing ARK Survival Evolved for a while and my desire for exploration and unique underwater environments was missing.  To keep things short for now Subnautica has not disappointed me yet and I look forward to future updates.
,Recommended,264710,33912170,Posted: 30 July,all,goblin,"This is one of the most immersive games i've played.It's the type of game that you will get nostalgic about in a few years and reinstall just to experience that feeling again.But what's more impressive - expecially in this day and age with one hit wonders and shallow titles - is that immersion isn't the only thing the devs got right. Many aspects of the game are carefully crafted to create a lasting experience. Let me explain:Progress happens in several areas at once. You explore places, find new resources and blueprints. With those you build the tools to explore even harsher places to find even more rare resources and blueprints. Having the game unfold as you improve is a fantastic concept. Keep in mind you can go anywhere even from the start, but you simply wont last there without the right equipment.What this means is that in order to survive and eventually thrive, you'll need to build a base with all the tools, vehicles and gear required for this extreme type of exploration. You also improve your base with newly scanned tech from exploration.The survival aspect in regards to needs like food and water is probably the least pronounced feature of the game. It's survival light in that regard.The greatest threat to your health will come from the various dangers that lurk in the deep, and of course - the everpresent risk of drowning. There's no shortage of life forms -all very unique in appearance and behaviour- that will want you dead. And they are all so naturally placed into their environments that they make the depths come to life. Biomes - ecosystems with varying flora, fauna and a unique color palette - blend seemlessly into eachoter, making exploration a smooth experience.However, the depts can sometimes be very deep and dark, and very terrifying. You will definitely be surprised, panicked and awestruck every now and then.The music and audio effects are also very well done. Hearing a distant underwater roar from a gigantic creature will leave an impact for sure, and let you know you've stumbled into the wrong territory. And the music...well. The closest i can describe it is with a comparison. If you're an old fart like me and have played the old (by old i mean ancient) x-com games you know about the music, and how you don't really notice it. Instead it's a part of the experience, like some sort of heartbeat of the game. That's how the music in this feels.Because a lot of the time you are so immersed in the game that you can't make out the parts due to the beaty of the whole.And that last sentence is probably how i would sum up the experience of subnautica.Absolutely fantastic game with so much fun to be had."
76561198274753941,Recommended,264710,21500065,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ettaflix,My GPU needs updating so I can only play on minimal.Still a GREAT game! It will have a story
76561198057234629,Recommended,264710,29526019,Posted: 27 January,all,BoomNighthawk,"All my time has been spent on one playthrough. 41 hours at this point. I haven't even really read anything in the PDA to learn the story. If you like upgrade games and base builders, this game is definitely worth the money. I've torn down and rebuilt my base at least 3 times. The latest build is on my profile page. I go for simplicity and symmetry in all my base building games. But don't be like me, go crazy building your bases and customizing your subs and PRAWN. The only limit in this game is basically your imagination."
,Recommended,264710,29367214,Posted: 19 January,all,bad cop,Great game!Needs more tweaks and more optimizationbut still an amazing game!
76561198264560566,Recommended,264710,29368937,Posted: 19 January,all,stardwarf3,very good has a vast world good story and can draw you in
76561198061922790,Recommended,264710,24038993,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Brenda Fassie,Epic game!!Just try nog to♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants when something enormous swims close to you and starts making a weird mating call
76561198143388686,Recommended,264710,29077773,Posted: 6 January,all,Sweat1492,"Holy cow this game is something else.  I've only got 21 hours in and I've feel like I've barely scratched the surface!  Great environment.  Good gathering of materials.  (I'd love to have some form of automation in later game.) Serious threats and good progression.  Keep up the good work, Devs.  Thanks."
76561198096221305,Recommended,264710,21927836,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,RussianCow76,Pretty Good there isnt really anything like it out there and this is a eally cool concept. however it tends to get old after 40-60 hours ive found.
,Recommended,264710,23000864,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,EndertheDark,"This game is amazing! It's one of the very few early access survival games that is actually GREAT! I love almost everything about it, from the graphics to the mechanics to the amazing animations. Another thing that is amazing, is how scary this game can be. For example, the Reaper Leviathan. When I first encountered it , I actually screamed in fear when it snuck up behind me, and grabbed my Seamoth. Nevertheless, this is an amazing game, and I recommend it for anyone who likes Survival or Horror games."
,Recommended,264710,22877006,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,BAL - MNS,"Phenomenal game. Open world, ever increasing number of fauna and sea life, and a growing diversity of craftable materials.  Best parts, NO microtransactions, no glaring bugs, and perfectly playable in its alpha state.  Games like this is what gives me hope for alpha games in the future.  If any Devs read this, you are doing a fantastic job and you have my personal thanks for keeping to your word and delivering an amazing experience.  This is 100% a must buy."
76561198199544775,Recommended,264710,22991065,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,boatbummin,BEST GAME EVER I love subnautacia and play it a ton WORTH THE MONEY!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,264710,22996977,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,dragon__fire,great  its almost perfect but add multiplayer because it can get a bit lonley
,Recommended,264710,25915531,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Paπrush,"Subnautica is a fun game where you explore and survive, or go into the sandbox god mode and do whatever!Pros-vast open world-atmospheric-launching fish across the globe-cool crafting menu (which looks like the SAO character menu)-creating giant base of epicness-slight thrillCons-long loading-slight frame rate drop when meeting req specs-takes a while to really get things going depending on how your world loaded-""XX seconds of oxygen remaining"" Sometimes doesn't say it sometimes does, a tad bit annoying."
,Recommended,264710,28853984,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,RATTLE ME BONES,noice
,Recommended,264710,23000449,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,TooBad,"Absolutely amazing game, extremely fun to play. However it would be much more fun if multiplayer was added. Also if multiplayer be added the interface would be easy to use such as a ""join game"" button of some sort. That aside it is a very engaging game and because I can run it at nice settings the graphics are amazing. 100% recommend this game to those who are interested. You won't regret it ! - Joe"
76561198161618115,Recommended,264710,24623474,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,BingityBongity,"This game is spectacular to use one word. It's one of those games where you tell yourself ten more minutes only to go another 2 hours. The survival aspect in my eyes is a great combination of complex, challenging, and enjoyable, and will keep you reeled in for hours as you try to get the next crucial piece or part. The game itself is absolutely beautiful up close as well as horrifying when you gaze down into the pitch black depths. To round everything off the game features a story that you must figure out on your own by gathering information a previous group of survivors left behind. It makes you think real hard as you try to piece together the chunks of information you collect and try to figure out what happened. I cannot wait for this game to come out full release 11 out of ♥♥♥♥in 10"
76561198086492638,Recommended,264710,29365414,Posted: 19 January,all,vipervenom66,This game is awesome I hope that they  keep working on it :)
76561198274146749,Recommended,264710,34015398,Posted: 4 August,all,Jack Frost,Best game I have ever played so far
76561198345414272,Recommended,264710,34026485,Posted: 4 August,all,TheDivineIV,Left me breathless!
76561198200674047,Recommended,264710,34025105,Posted: 4 August,all,Nocturne Ahriman,I really like how the story developes throughout the gameplay. It really keeps the game interesting. I wish I knew what the aliens looked like. I wish there were more creature types. Creatures that resembles shrimp or crabs or lobsters. I am still blown away by how amazing the plants and fish look like. This is one of the most impressive looking games I've ever played. I love looking at all the detailed oceanic life. This is by far my favorite game ever and it isn't even done yet. This game impresses me again and again.
,Recommended,264710,20582645,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,AFarCry1,"I don't know what to tell you about this that will convince you one way or the other but; I am not normally a fan of open world Survival games. I'm not usually a fan of games that just throw you into the deep end (Hah, I'm punny) and make you figure it all out. But DAMN. This game...This game is incredible. It's Beautiful, it's a total time stealer, it's addictive, and it keeps drawing me back in. It's 5 in the morning and I work at noon. You know what I want to do instead of sleep? Play this. What do I think about when I'm at work ""I wonder where the heck I can find (insert thing here.) I really need it.""Just... you owe it to yourself. PLAY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,264710,33743794,Posted: 23 July,all,Venetian,"Despite the top tags being the harbinger of Steam trash (early access, survival, open world...), Subnautica is easily one of the best examples of the genre, and it isn't even finished yet.Survival is rarely tedious, and food/water can even be disabled in some game modes. Crafting and building is simple and doesn't enforce many restrictions on the player, allowing you to be as creative with your bases as you wish. Exploration is rich, constantly rewarding you and makes up a vital part of the game as you learn about the alien world and finding new tech to help you survive.As of writing, the game unfortunately has some SERIOUS performance issues. Even on my high end rig I can run into choppy frame rates and terrain pop in. The devs are very aware of this and plan to spend a few months focusing on performance, according to their trello. There are a few frustrating bugs too, but hey, early access.A wonderful title that anyone with interest in the genre should check out. Not recommended for people deathly afraid of the deep sea."
76561198309923226,Recommended,264710,23941344,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,asrielthefloof223,After you start playing you won't be able to stop.
76561198255594910,Recommended,264710,33963995,Posted: 1 August,all,Hudsonscores7,this is an awesome game keep up the work!
76561198310391030,Recommended,264710,33722703,Posted: 22 July,all,bryanjohnson,great game one of the best i have played this year. A MUST have .
,Recommended,264710,20273996,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ᔕᕼᖇᑌᗰ,Good Game!
76561197995472532,Recommended,264710,27897933,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gottagame 9000,Want an underwater simulator with survival mechanics. You've found it
76561198157011337,Recommended,264710,30377751,Posted: 7 March,all,LegoDoc,"I love this game, it's fun interactive but i wouldn't recommend playing it on your laptop unless it has been modded like heck and can handle the amount of incredible graphics this game offers. Really hoping for LAN and online multiplayer included during official releases because this game is screaming multiplayer."
,Recommended,264710,29366610,Posted: 19 January,all,ℱ𝒶ℊℊℴ𝓉,Grinded almost whole game till it froze and I didn't save.8.5/10 fu*king hell I was so close and I don't wanna do that sh*t again I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198097744940,Recommended,264710,29365788,Posted: 19 January,all,Emily is,I liked its creativity and the fact that it is still getting updated is amazing
,Recommended,264710,29591392,Posted: 30 January,all,R.O.S.S,"Now as you can probably see, I only have 14 hours on this game, so this review will be coming from someone who is semi new to the game (Though my addiction thus forth has meant I have gone online to explore all of the lore, biomes and bases)And honestly it has been the most fun 14 hour singleplayer experience I have ever had, this game has definitely re-embursed my love for singleplayer games after so long of solely sticking to Multiplayer games.Now one thing to note before I start praising this game is that it is not perfect, like most games there are some flaws, nothing that could ever deter anyone from buying, but definitely areas that need some attention.For instance, the game can be laggy at times, no matter your PC. Loading in new biomes or large creatures can often mean you'll be staring at an unmoving screen for a few seconds, which can temporarily hinder the immersion, as I said previously nothing game breaking, but a fix is definitely needed nonetheless. Other than some tools being slightly buggy (such as the laser cutter occasionally reverting back a few paces) and some textures only coming in around 7 seconds after you enter a biome, it all relatively works well in terms of an early access game, which is definitely a lot more than can be said for a lot of early access games.Going back to my original point, Subnautica is definitely one of the most immersive video game experiences I have ever had (and if you're lucky enough to own a HTC vive Subnautica also is compatible with this, which I don't doubt would be one of the most amazing video game immersion experiences out there, an experience I one day hope to try). You start the game with little context as to what it is going on, falling from the sky in a life pod as the ship you were previously on falls from the sky, only to be blown up moments later. After surviving the crash you wake in your lifepod, completely unaware of the outside environment or where you are. Your next task is to stop the fire in your lifepod and to read your crash report.  After that you then take your first steps into the new world of Subnautica.From this point forward, the world is your oyster, what you do next is completely up to you with no other aid other than occasionally recieving radio signals from other crash zones near your location, this is part of what makes Subnautica is great. No one holds your hand, No one tells you what you should do, you are all alone on this vast water planet with small chances of survival. You're in the same boat as the in game character and it is up to you to explore and find out how you will survive your oncoming time on this new planet.Another large part of what many people may agree on for Subnautica being an immersive experience is a feeling that a large portion of players will experience while playing the game that you might not have known about before playing: Thalassophobia.In my own opinion, the developers know about Thalassophobia and how to harness this to make their game that much more exciting and immersive for the player- It's like a horror game that isn't even trying to be a horror game, it just occurs naturally within the player (and while there may be some aid of ambient music to push this feeling through to the player, it's all up to how the player currently feels to trigger this feeling of fear of the unknown water ahead).Many players may think not to buy this game because of this, I personally don't enjoy horror games either, being constantly scared of what's to come is not an enjoyable experience to me. Subnautica however finds that fine balance between keeping the player on their toes without there being a constant panic feeling deep within  the player. The feeling of curiosity and a drive to progress is definitely what keeps a lot of players in the game going, not to mention there is always that release of any pent up panic whenever you enter back into the shallows or you base, I believe that the game has implemented this system to keep the player concentrated on the game, to have them fully immersed, not just for the sake of scaring them.The game also has an extremely interesting lore, one that definitely ensues more and more curiosity in the player to find out more, but also helps to give the game more of an objecive to work to rather than just to survive, unlike so many other survival games that are solely based on surviving. The story really does add to the game to make it an exceptionally better experience. If you wish to find out more about the lore I recommend playing the game for yourself and finding the first few parts of the puzzle to gain context on the story and then looking at other people's theories online, this definitely makes the game a lot more interesting to play this way.As for the future of Subnautica, I believe there is an end objective in the works to officially complete the game, though I won't spoil to as what it is within this review, if you really want to know I'll leave several links at the end of the video to explain.Lastly, many people are definitely waiting for there to be a co-op system on this game, and while I too would also love to have this in the game, there are some points to be considered here. For one, the game is built upon the idea that you are on the planet alone, without any other survivors to help you along your way which is what makes this survival game great, the feeling of isolation is something we can all relate to and is what helps the game to feel so much more immersive. If a co-op system was to be implemented, I would recommend that the developers should implement a radio system that should be advised to be used instead of through other means (like skype, teamspeak, discord etc.) where if you move further than 500 metres away from your friend, the radio begins to have more static and you will slowly lose contact with your partner, this I believe would definitely help to maintain that isolation feeling when farming for resources or entering a dangerous area without your friend to help you (this radio would of course have to be crafted to ensure that feeling is introduced early on in the game). I for one would definitely prefer to use this system to maintain immersion with my friend without being able to constantly talk with eachother which I would argue breaks the main basis of the game.Overall, I cannot praise this game enough for what it is and how well it works to provide a swimmingly smooth experience for the player, if you're looking for a singleplayer game to be hooked on, I would definitely recommend this game over all others. I guarantee you'll be hooked after the first half hour of the game.P.S. 10 points to whoever can find and count up the amount of sea puns and times I said 'immersion' or 'immersive' within this review!Links:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXxRoiMoyLM"
76561198080785959,Recommended,264710,33893352,Posted: 29 July,all,qG_CeRTiiFieD,"FANTASTICTypically for an early release game there are two rules I abide by:1. Wait for a sale2. Only log 10 hoursWell I broke both rules with this game and I recommend to anyone looking to try it out to do the same.Game playWhen I did play I experienced very limited issues which is unexpected with an early release title. I've come to expect an incredibly unstable experience with more early release titles but this suited me fine.Game flows very well and is easy enough to learn without 'cheating' by referring to another players guide while still maintaining a fair level of challenge. That being said its fun to be able to 'learn' how to better survive.I didn't play with a controller so I couldn't say for certain if that would change the ease of maneuvering. With a keyboard and mouse you will have very little difficulty actually moving the character where you want him to go.Strong Suit: Immersion FactorThis game.. this experience really will take you in. One minute you're on the grand reef and in the next there is nothing but blackness beneath you. I haven't used VR with this game butLET ME TELL YOUif you have it... try it out. It's got to be absolutelyAMAZINGThere is a lot to find and learn I couldn't get off this game after I started playing. I usually only sink enough hours to get a feel for the game and decide if I'll actually play it when it releases. This game consumed 30 highly focused hours of my time. Before I would boot the game I'd make sure nothing else was happening because I wanted to enjoy the world designed by the creators.Weak Suit: Replay Value?This is why I didn't have a hard time picking the game back up after deciding eventually to put it down and wait. TheWorldisn't small by any means.. but it also isn't huge and in my time I was able to comfortably manage and explore every known biome (at time of play) with the exception of one that presented a very interesting challenge but if I dedicated any more time to that challenge it would have been circumvented like any other. The problem with most survival, exploration, or even horror games is this.. ""I have seen it, done it, whatever."" This sucks because this is just impossible for the creators to outpace... you'll explore faster than they release content even after full release.NOTE:This is still worth the experience and maybe you're a different type of player who can start from scratch willy nilly. This is a moot point after all.SummaryThis is a great game and the experience is well worth 20$. My suggestion would be to buy, dabble for a few hours, and then sit and wait for the full release (expected in September 2017). The creators are very receptive of information and the regular updates is a sure sign of real progress. I await now with great anticipation to once again come to my senses stranded inside a life pod on a watery planet."
,Recommended,264710,34011998,Posted: 4 August,all,StikyRiceNoodle,"His game is great. It's a great survival game underwater, and implements mechanics very well. I did experience many crashes, but my computer isn't very powerful, so that's probably why. It has a great story, great mechanics, and I can't wait to see what else the developers will put in in the future!"
76561198163053730,Recommended,264710,34010036,Posted: 4 August,all,Minemann1000,"Honestly, the best early access game i have played."
,Recommended,264710,25659671,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Socrates,"If you have a knack for survival games, THIS IS FOR YOU! No, but seriouly, this game, although passive agressive, you still have to know what can hurt you and what dosen't. The suspense of a Reaper Leviathan chasing you in your SeaMoth, It is HORRIFYING!! The fact that there is only so many people working on this, it makes me shiver at the tecniques of the deveolopers. They are an amazing group. They have a potential of raising on top of the gaming industry food chain, eating everyone's horrible games and making them better. Truth is, THIS GAME IS A BLAST AND WORTH the $20.00 DOLLARS!!!"
76561198156955181,Recommended,264710,34134056,Posted: 9 August,all,CodeHerobrine,I love this game and everything it brings!! Buy it it's very worth it!
,Recommended,264710,20599268,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Nit Pick,"♫Sealab, underneith the water♫♫Sealab, at the bottom of the sea♫One of the best examples of early access survival games. Can't wait to see more from this!"
,Recommended,264710,34156645,Posted: 10 August,all,staeb,Pretty awesome mang
,Recommended,264710,29837107,Posted: 10 February,all,treefort/B,"I consider myself absolutely terrified of the deep ocean, large things in the ocean, etc. At first I didn't think I'd be able to even play this game since I generally don't like games that scare me and end up quitting because of the stress levels they cause. However, after getting my wife to play and watching her for a few hours, I was hooked and started playing myself. This game is exhilerating!Hands down one of the most fun and exciting early access games I've ever played.(And I usually roll my eyes at ""open world, survival, crafting, early access"" tagged games)Caveats:- At least of Febrary 2017, the game is very unstable. I crash quite frequently so I have to remember to save constantly.- The ""pop-in"" effect is atrocious, as is the LOD. You really have to get up close for smaller objects to pop into view.- Riddled with weird glitches.- Multiplayer is not planned in the future, which is such a shame. The ocean is big and lonely without a friend.Despite all the downsides that sound like dealbreakers, I highly recommend checking this game out!"
,Recommended,264710,29510208,Posted: 26 January,all,Such Spooky Flame,"This game is fantastic. It is not advertised as such but it does become a bit of a survival horror game, but I am completely okay with that. Deep sea exploration can be genuinely scary and this is done on a hidden, lonely, alien world, with only dangerous sea creatures and the wreckage of your ship to keep you company.A positive addition to this game which would make it perfect would be co-op support and balance. Subnautica would be so much better if you could play it with at least 1 co-op partner. Perhaps this is in development already but I am not sure, i'm too busy looking for Moon Pools to care. :UThe one game mechanic that I have any gripes about, which are all minor, is the objectives system. You get an objective by answering the radio for incoming distress calls, which will give you coordinates to the escape pod sending them. The problem is that these distress signals are equippable, and you can have 2 radio items equipped, one of which can be your compass. When you're done with the objective, you can unequip the distress signal coordinates and then put them in storage or discard them. This system could be significantly improved if you can just equip and unequip distress signals within its own interface, or within a new tab in your PDA. The system can then be improved by adding information on the signals themselves, such as the date you acquired them, and what research you found nearby, or what PDA's you found nearby.There is also a known Framerate problem in this game which you can correct by deleting a specific file from your Subnautica folder [There are steam community discussions and forum posts about this]. No one besides the dev knows this files purpose, but deleting it corrects a lot of the critical drops in framerates which occur at total random and have no other known solutions or causes, and deleting this file doesn't seem to cause any real big problematic side effects."
76561198017809206,Recommended,264710,34411680,Posted: 22 August,all,Norsefool,"Nice, Game for sea exploring. Sadly no old school diving gear, but the atmosphere is amazing!34/34 would like t o buy again."
,Recommended,264710,31142872,Posted: 14 April,all,Joe 'Mexican' Johnson,"This. Game. Blows. My. Mind. It is amazingly versatile, it runs well on almost any computer, and has amazing graphics, although at first the devs made us think it was just an innocent exploration game, Yeah like that's ever gunna happen. There is really a MASSIVE storyline behind it all and the devs keep it coming, with each update they add something new, whether it be a giant sea monster prison, a giant ship killing gun, or a little fish, they add something vital every time.Truly amazing game."
76561198271925181,Recommended,264710,34183491,Posted: 11 August,all,KaputPlatypus,I absoloutaly recommend this game. I really like the idea of this game. I've had so much fun playing this. It is kinda scary at some points and exciting at others. Its one of the best games i have ever played! I rate it 10/10.
,Recommended,264710,34335489,Posted: 18 August,all,Asmelton257,Consistent updating which means constant features that are implemented into the game. A lotta replay value.
,Recommended,264710,34393081,Posted: 21 August,all,TheTacocat,11/10
76561198070304246,Recommended,264710,34405650,Posted: 21 August,all,Bill Nye the Not so Science Guy,10/10 I dont need to see the scary monsters just hearing them makes me anxious
76561198102810523,Recommended,264710,34401178,Posted: 21 August,all,thebot1987,Subnautica is an open world oceanic scary AF atmospheric gem that will scare the living bejeezus out of you.  One of the few early access games I have ever purchased because of their very open and honest development.   They are fairly close to the end of early access so I would say wait until full release in October to enjoy the hidden horrors lurking beneath the sea.
76561198027956313,Recommended,264710,25168922,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mr. M4ntv1s_92,"Beautiful and unique underwater world game and it's atmosphere, and in-game graphics, and very well made game with unique story and it's own environment. If you like to : explore unique underwater world (alien life forms, build (your own underwater base, craft all kinds of stuff (submarine, high tech underwater robot etc). This game is for you :) developers adding so much quality, and features into this game. It's worth every penny.Overall - Unique, and interesting game 8.5/10"
76561198120640546,Recommended,264710,34407025,Posted: 21 August,all,PaZax Odum,really good
,Recommended,264710,34420683,Posted: 22 August,all,jffrylwsn,"Played this game for a whole 8-9 hours the very first time. My brother and I love it. I'm not normally an adventure/crafting game type, but this game was just awesome with its music, atmosphere, graphics, interface, EVERYTHING. Definitely worth it. Can't wait for it to be finished."
76561198040493857,Recommended,264710,25868559,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Too much blood in my alcohol sys,"The threat lies close to the surface they said.....A feeling of euphoria flows through me as I pass 300m depth for the first time which is further amplified by several findings of varying magnitude. This is great I say to myself. Let's go out a little further and deeper. I venture out into the darkness of the unkown, feeling fairly safe in my one man submersible.Further and further I go until I hear a familiar sound, a deafening roar which makes my heart skip several beats. Surely it cannot be this deep.....surely not at 400m depth....surely. I'm instantly spun around violently and come face to face with The Beast and it has but one purpose and instinct. Kill.My explorer has no chance as it is thrown around like a child's toy and crushed into fragments from which it was once built with love. I immediately feel the pressure of the ocean squeezing the air out of my lungs. No time for feelings of sorrow or grief, I must escape. I frantically look around for safety but it's so dark I can't see which way to go, which way to escape. Kicking my legs, swimming like crazy as I propel myself through the ice cold water, somewhere, anywhere...anywhere. I hear the sound again as I brace myself for the killing blow.And then silence....The threat lies close to the surface they said....."
76561197961439760,Recommended,264710,25875138,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Agent Sno0gins,"This is an early access review.After buying so many early access games..I've learned my lesson. Just don't do it. Then there's games like Subnautica. DO IT.There is a very clear line of progression in the developer's work. They communicate to the comsumer. Love it. Keep doing that. 10/10 just for that.Gameplay-wise:This game actually manages to ♥♥♥♥ing terrify me. I don't even have VR, but I don't dare do it because I might just♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. No horror game even gets me to flinch. This game makes me scream at times.Omg that music. So good.The framerate issues will hopefully, get fixed. Early access, ya know.The tech trees and the ability to build bases etc...really satisfying.No multiplayer? I'll admit, I'd love it, but it honeslty doesn't need it. It's still a 10/10 game without it.No female model? Eh, I'd like the option, but then again I'm not the one who designed the game, nor did they force me to buy the game. Hell, it's not even like I had a hand in writing the story, so I'm really not entitled to changing THEIR artistic vision, ya dig?Great Game. 11/10"
,Recommended,264710,34385378,Posted: 20 August,all,Obo the Hobo,"Don;t be fooled by the ""early access srvival open world exploration"" tags. This is a really good game with tons of content and just genarally a really good game. It's still in early access and already would be good as a full game (of course if they fixed some of the bugs and optimisation). And while yes, there is grinding involved, it's alot less than other survival games. And, of course, unlike most survival games, it also has a really cool story to it."
,Recommended,264710,29675676,Posted: 3 February,all,Greylord_GR,"I was waiting a game like this for years.Graphics are awesome, underwater  immersion hits you from the first 5 minutes you play and the story is something like the movie Abyss... Great developers also! Love it!One of the best games of all time!"
,Recommended,264710,34419921,Posted: 22 August,all,LoomyBoomyYoo,its awsome
76561198009105019,Recommended,264710,17467847,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,It's a Tr[A]P!,"I can tell you that this game makes me excited. The current version (at the time of writing) is excellent and plays better than most AAA games that are sold as final products. The devs are always working toward the design goals which you can follow via trello which makes the game even more exciting as you can see what is dropping next.I dont write many reviews but this game is one of those gems that warrants it. You can pay and play now and still look forward to much, much more in the future.I strongly recommend doing some research and seeing if this is a game that you would like."
76561198273984617,Recommended,264710,32096450,Posted: 31 May,all,wolfemonger,wrth it
,Recommended,264710,34266979,Posted: 15 August,all,ChickenMan 3.0,The best water based survival game I have ever played
,Recommended,264710,33864622,Posted: 28 July,all,SquiddySlime,"Subnautica is easily one of the most unique and interesting games of all time. It's a beautiful underwater adventure that can take you as deep as lava and as high as the top of a mountain, yet at the same time, you never leave the places you call home behind. Does this sound weird? For example, even though the inactive lava zone and the top of the persecutor (persecuer?) lair are very cool additions to the game, there will still be a shocking amount of beauty in the Grand Reef. Now, I personally don't really understand why this game is in early access - It's more developed than many released games that I've played in the past, but some people still say that this game is not good, that it's not well developed or that it's buggy. I want to tell you why they're wrong by countering the three most common complaints I hear.1. Subnautica is too scary for some players.Yes, there are parts of Subnautica that could leave you curled up on the floor or jumping in the air, but players have resources all around that can help them not go to these scary places/animals. For example, someone buying Subnautica can see when something will be scary by great clues left behind by the game developers and by other players. For example, the game will play ominous music when you're in a place with things that could jump out at you. I mean honestly, you can't go into a place with music like the Blood Kelp Ravine and not expect something out of the ordinary to occur. Also, many of these sorts of threats you can see from a ways away. Lets be honest, its kinda hard to miss massive head crawlers or the Sea Emperor. Like I said before, players can also leave hints, tips, and warnings for players so that they won't get jump scared. Most players won't be pros at the game when they just start, so chances are, you'll look up a tutorial or two. If something scary will happen, the you-tuber or website gives a warning almost every single time. Lastly, it's just a game! though some parts might be scary, the reason that you don't get a game can't possibly be that it was because you thought that a Reaper Leviathan was going to jump out of your screen and attack you.2. There is no campaign.WHAT!? I mean, come on! YEA THERE IS! I can't even count how many times I've heard this ridiculous AND FALSE statement. They're basically saying that when they saw the giant persecutor gun aim up and shoot down the Sunbeam, your chance of getting home that had been broadcasting to you this whole time, they just thought ""wow that was a cool piece of nothing that isn't related to anything"". Or maybe when they self scanned and saw they were infected they just thought ""Huh, that's really annoying"". Well for the record, THERE IS A CAMPAIGN. AAAAAAAND!!! The great thing about the campaign in Subnautica is that you can choose (if you're insane) not to follow it! No parts of the game/items/places are locked by not following the campaign. Ya know, the one that DOES EXIST.3. Resources are hard to find.Sorry, where was I? I heard that complaint and had to slam my head against a wall. THE GAME IS ALL ABOUT EXPLORING. And if your're really having trouble, LOOK IT UP! The Subnautica wiki is very helpful and there are guides and tips all around the web.That's all I had to say, I just heard some complaints and thought that everyone would enjoy a good long rant about my favorite game. Like this comment if you agree with what I said, and click funny if you just agree with the fact that Subnautica is the best game ever."
,Recommended,264710,34303259,Posted: 17 August,all,Bryce92,Great game. One of the best survival games I've played to date. Every few updates I jump in and play again.Cant wait for full release and mods!
76561198338825039,Recommended,264710,34591882,Posted: 29 August,all,Rodrigo Duterte,This game is confusing/SCARY AS ♥♥♥♥ in my first few hours I was very scared of the night then my first encounter with the reaper scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.then the more I played it the the less scared I was the story is amazing and you can't stop playing after the sunbeam gets shot makes me wanna GTFO of this planet :)..10/10 BEST SURVIVAL GAME EVER:)just an opinion don't be a♥♥♥♥♥
76561198140282842,Recommended,264710,28990837,Posted: 3 January,all,Liam_star,WARNING LITTLE BIT OF SPOILERS... But not realy.one day i was cruseing in my cyclops and i saw a island. so i get in Gary the seamoth below decks and jump onto shore with Gary. but then i couldent get Gary back into the water. after 2 hours of crying i put Gary out if his missery with my knife and tried to swim back to my cyclops.but then one of those warper things teleported right infront of me and i swam back to the island. to scared to get in the water now. 19 of 4 are stuck on island     ( ಠ_ಠ )
,Recommended,264710,34593024,Posted: 29 August,all,PhoenixFeather22,Literally one of the best games I have ever played. You see where it says I've played 37 hours straight? That was in one sitting. By FAR the best ocean based game on the planet in the history of the universe! :D
,Recommended,264710,34594816,Posted: 29 August,all,obrosey,"One of the most addicting Open World Survival games I've played! Lots of things to do to keep you occupied and so much to explore!! There are a few bugs here and there but nothing too major or a command console can't fix. Totally reccomend this one if you love games like Minecraft, Terraria, etc etc etc <3"
76561198139532229,Recommended,264710,34593466,Posted: 29 August,all,yeahryan111,Buggy but fun
76561197988532641,Recommended,264710,34594100,Posted: 29 August,all,hvymtl_cowboy,"I love the concpt of this game, and the graphics are beautiful.  There are still quite a few bugs to work out, but the game experience is still above average.  If you're looking for a highly polished game, you might want to wait a bit.  If you like watching an awesome story come to fruition, this is it.  I believe they have a winner with this one!"
76561198311140785,Recommended,264710,32747800,Posted: 24 June,all,Eldest,"This game is the most incredible game i have ever played.Pros:-Insane Graphics-smooth gameplay-Tons of content-Extremely realistic-beautiful world-intresting creaturesCons:-needs a lot of space-can be laggyall in all, i would definetly reccomend this game. 100/10"
76561198046623954,Recommended,264710,24586192,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Gripblade,This game is absaloutley amazing i have played over 20 hours of this game and i am still drawn in by how amazing it looks feels and plays definelty a 10/10 and a must buy
,Recommended,264710,22859245,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Soga,"I'm pretty scared of deep water, but this game is enough fun to enjoy playing it in a near constant state of terror."
76561198028826924,Recommended,264710,20100784,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,cockeye1987,"BUY THIS GAME!I don't know what to say...I have typed this 10 times thinking of WHAT TO SAY.....I will just be honest....I came into this game thinking ""meh"" we will see.....From the moment my screen came to life and I began to play......WOW....just...FU**ING WOW....The scenery is absolutely AMAZING....breathtaking...I am not exaggerating....When you get outside the saftey of the corals....it's just MASSIVE....the sea bed becomes dark..and cliffs drop for forever.....Monsters await you in the darkness below...when you swim through the vines and the green shade they provide allows for the hunters to come out and play...a sense of danger takes hold that is REAL....you hurry to get what you can grab and boost out hoping nothing chases you.....armed with a knife...you are practically defensless...alone...and the WHOLE OCEAN to be explored.....BUY THIS FREAKING GAME......"
,Recommended,264710,33212628,Posted: 3 July,all,Dinosawr1,"I like the graphics and gameplay of the game, they are just awesome! I recommend this game to anyone that is into survival type games and there is creative, overall just an awesome game and I will be playing for a long time :D"
76561198008267928,Recommended,264710,22856254,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Ozlo,An entirely unique experience. I have never played another game quite like Subnautica.Key Features:-Fun Modular Base Building-Genuinely Scary in the deep ocean-Very cool creatures-Beautiful graphics-The ocean feels aliveI just hope the manage to iron out some of the performance issues before release and this game will be an easy 9/10 for me.
,Recommended,264710,23940335,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Oka™,Extremely neat design. Beautiful world. Can't wait to see things a bit more fleshed out.
76561198147646671,Recommended,264710,28767935,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fear,"LOVE THIS GAME!!! There are a lot of bugs but other than that, MOST FUN I'VE HAD IN Y>E>A>R>S>!>!>!>!"
76561198264122383,Recommended,264710,22857222,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Я∀igΣκi,This awesome game keep getting better with every update.
76561198099603982,Recommended,264710,24285759,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,KaffeR,"Very good gameplay, the game just works. It is well balanced. This could be a full release instead of early access. It has tons of things to do. Spent some 30 hours on it in 1 try and still exploring new stuff. It just keeps amazing me. Very addictive. Base building and exploring the beautiful world is wreaking havoc on my sleeping hours :)Still needs some serious work on the terrain rendering though. Takes away some of the experience. 8/10 for now, 10/10 after that is fixed. Truly one of the better games i've played in years!"
76561198027922437,Recommended,264710,30247832,Posted: 28 February,all,Puck Chatty,"Fun game with a lot of intriguing bits to it. The game tends to be pretty butt clenching at times and offers a different means of horror rather than something popping on the screen doing jump scares every 5 seconds. Incredibly immersive with the ambient sounds and luminescent flora and fauna. If this game had just a little more things to do and things to explore, build, and research it would go a long way. Excited to see what the continuation of their development of this game brings."
,Recommended,264710,24707636,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,/XhunterX\,Now i have a fear of the ocean 10/10 would reccomend this fun and traumatizing game
76561198209926939,Recommended,264710,31744452,Posted: 14 May,all,Judd,the game is fun and challenging with great features
76561198279126007,Recommended,264710,28768630,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Skardy,You don't drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there.Awesome game.
,Recommended,264710,31520445,Posted: 3 May,all,Ahri,"Day 1, I left my pod, grabbed a fish with my bare hands, cooked it and ate it.Day 2, I did the same thing as day one.Day 3, Maybe someday I wont scatter back to my pod the second I hear something that isn't me...Haven't made it any deeper than 100M and I love the game, 10x's better than any horror game I've ever played"
,Recommended,264710,22763020,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,shooga,"This game is so much fun! The nearly exclusively underwater experience alone makes it really different than other open world games. You can't just run and hide behind a rock or a tree to escape something. Baddies can go under, over, or around to come get you. Just because there's nothing in front of you or behind you doesn't mean your safe. What's that roar? Oh, just a reaper charging up from the depths with only one mission: to drag you to the bottom and kill you.The scenery in this game is stunningly beautiful. The screenshots above are very representative of the game. The designers of this game have done a fantastic job making different and exciting biomes, flora, and fauna, and making it all fit together nicely. Some areas are serene and peaceful. Some look that way, then you get attacked by a predator lying in wait.The crafting is great! The base building system works really well and seems to have found a happy medium between snapping things in place and letting you place freeform with some things. The system of having to find and scan fragments to unlock building components is a nice mechanic to pace progression through the game.Being early access, there are a lot of unfinished and unimplemented features, items, and mechanics in the game, but this game is an example of early access done right. It's not a broken pile of crap. There are experimental builds every weekday that contain new features and updates. But it's not ""code compiled, ship it!"" There are plenty of bugs in experimental, but the changes released are either finished and ready for testing or are a good checkpoint to completing the feature. There are also feature releases every month or so that are solid releases that are damn near production-quality releases. The main releases are more or less bug free and are very playable. The devs also publish everything on public trello boards so the community can see in real time what's planned, what's being worked on, what's completed and in experimental, and what's completed and ready for the next release. The devs have been making solid progress the entire time I've been watching the boards.Also, the game supports the Oculus Rift. I don't have one, but this game seems like a perfect candidate for VR. You're in an immersive three dimensional world and being able to look in all directions at will would actually be a huge benefit to gameplay, not just a gimmick.Final judgment: Absolutely worth 20 bucks, even in early access. Don't wait for a sale. Buy it today."
,Recommended,264710,23941308,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,The Label Gamer,"This game is still in development, so if you go for it keep that in mind. That being said, BUY IT. Do you like Minecraft? BUY IT. Do you like survival exploration gameplay, with intense moments of fear and butt-clenching? BUY IT. Do you like new and unique games, with some originality? BUY IT. And lastly, just buy it. It is definitely worth it. Here are some pros and cons:Pros:-Unique and Original-Addicting fun-Large randomly generated worlds with all kinds of exploring-You can submit feedback to help with bugs and development-Friendly UI and controls-Lots of potentialCons:-Still in development (but with a bright future)-Not a whole lot of a tutorial as of yet, may change with future development-A vague story to vaguely follow, but that also allows more player freedom. Hopefully there will be more to follow in future updates.-Clunky ground animations, definitely designed for swimming and not walking.Overall, this game has HUGE potential if it is finished correctly. So far I have faith in the developers, as long as they listen to the community interactively. Worth the measly amount of money they are asking for, especially if you can get it on sale."
76561197993480846,Recommended,264710,22768947,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,The Jesus,"Buy it, you won't be dissapointed.  Make sure you have a hoss machine to run it on though."
,Recommended,264710,21341449,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Angelus_Caligo,"Between the immersive OpenWorld design, creature interactions, as of yet still rudimentary storyline & the simple building mechanics that leave lots of space for personal interpretation & creation - I heartely recommend this game to anyone who ever enjoyed games similar to Minecraft, Ark Survival & Tomb Raider.Definitely a good purchase, guaranteed four many days of exploration, heart palpitations & excitement!"
,Recommended,264710,21039565,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Spaghetti Monster,"I have so far played 2 or so hours and i am planning to play more. This game is slow at first but once you get into it, you can have alot of fun. It feeds off of curiocity and if you like exploring you will LOVE this game. There is so much to see and do and it STILL isn't finnished. I would highly reccommed this game to anyone. 99/100"
76561198027141250,Recommended,264710,26625572,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,gamer1000k,"This game is a beautiful underwater experience with surprisingly fun base building. What is present of the main story sounds like it will be an interesting adventure to play through.Unfortunately, I see several red flags that have me worried about the future of the game.First off, the devs are planning a simultaneous PC and console release for 1.0. Every time I've seen a small dev team split their resources like this, it hasn't ended well. Focus on building a great core experience on one platform, and then port to other places once the game is actually done rather than shortchange the game development just to support more platforms at launch.The game is scheduled for release on January 19, but I'm extremely skeptical that the game will be worthy of 1.0 by then. This game is still an alpha, there's several core game systems that are either outright broken, half baked, or still completely missing from the game, and there's only two months until release. Even if the missing features do somehow miraculously make it in by release, there's still the issue of the game balance (or lack therof). A game can't be properly balanced until it is feature complete, but unfortunately it seems this title may be destined for development hell, where the devs keep adding in new features without ever properly balancing things. Based on the development progress so far, I'm also worried that the devs aren't willing/able to break core game systems that need to be broken in order to fix them. As long as the game is in early access this can potentially be done, but once it hits 1.0 it becomes much more difficult to do.This leads to my last concern: the lack of mod support. A broken release can often be patched up by a dedicated community via mods, and while this game definitely has the community, the game lacks the mod support. This puts us at the mercy of the devs. If we get a broken 1.0 and the devs move onto a new project, this game is dead in the water. They already said they're not going to do multiplayer (which is a shame given that the base building mechanics practically scream for coop play), so if we won't be able to use mods, then the replay value of this game is going to be severely limited as well.I'm still very tentatively recommending this game since it is still fun to mess around with building bases and explore the world in spite of the issues, and it's still in early access and the devs might potentially be able to resolve these issues and deliver a solid game."
76561198015456313,Recommended,264710,17980756,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,hellbiter88,"Yeah this game impressed me quite a bit. It's visually stunning, the gameplay is fun and intuitive, and although the underwater building is still in it's infancy, it has a great deal of potential. The atmosphere in this game is so believable that you find yourself actually hesitating to venture out at night, even in safe zones. The map is hand-crafted, not procedurally generated. So although the map itself is ""limited"" it's so expansive, and the underwater caves are so vast, that you'll be hard pressed to explore every nook and cranny. Plus now they've added terraforming (this could still use some work, admittedly), which makes it possible to build your own cave network, physical barrier around your base, large sealevel roads, or whatever else you might desire. This game is still early access, but there's enough to explore already that it feels akin to a fully-developed game. The devs update both the standard an experiemental version on a regular basis. The experimental build is particularly fun, and gets updated like 3 times a day. Content is continually being added, so this is one of the few games that you can expect to see a lot more from in days to come.Highly recommended."
76561198326457986,Recommended,264710,34182037,Posted: 11 August,all,abbazcoc,"A good game for sandbox genre, the problem is, the game has not been updated for quite long time, thought it has still potential to expand gameplay, i'm not recommend to buy it until the game is complete"
,Recommended,264710,34226260,Posted: 13 August,all,Chrome Pho3nix,Scary AF but fun for the whole family. Like ARK underwater but better! Would never have thought about this game until Neebs Gaming brought me here.
76561198208334221,Recommended,264710,32820014,Posted: 26 June,all,Hioto,is it just me or is this game fu#king scaryit always takes me 1 minute to get myself toghter and jump down in the waterbut this is a really good game buy it NOW
76561198257576764,Recommended,264710,34141112,Posted: 10 August,all,Dr.Scully,I love this game.
76561198311408564,Recommended,264710,30943797,Posted: 4 April,all,LoganVilleGamingYT,Subnautica My Favorite Game Ive been Playing This Mystouis world nad i Hope That Tha Gma eUSprises Me Next Update.
,Recommended,264710,29430012,Posted: 22 January,all,Heliolisk,"You ever wanted to play a giant water level that's a survival, horror, story, and exciting game all at once? Play Subnautica. Scan everything. Goodnight."
76561198388336538,Recommended,264710,32741413,Posted: 24 June,all,shadow90489,все хорошо потяните оптимизацию
76561198150704876,Recommended,264710,34138955,Posted: 9 August,all,GiJoeSnorkelPro,"Subnautica is a solid single player exploration/survival game, the game plays well and it's quite fun and exciting exploring the underwater world of subnautica while trying to keep yourself alive. The inventory/building system is a little bit wonky at times but still gets the job done. 7/10."
76561198045611117,Recommended,264710,25220545,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,The Analyst,"This game sometimes puts me off with its spooky elements honestly, such as how the hostile creatures, music, and biome lighting ambiance can combine to really set a tone of checking over your shoulder, prepping you for jumpscares. At the same time those playing in search of triumphing over spookiness might feel betrayed by how little the predators go looking for you.For me personally, that becomes the challenge - it's a like a stealth game of avoiding territorial creatures, and overcoming fear of them (still not successful mind you).Building and caring for your character:This game has been good fun now that I'm trying it in creative mode, getting to freely build seabases and reshape the ocean topography to my imagination's content. But after recent content updates it also makes me interested in exploring the survival side again, because the addition of basically being able to ""farm"" flora and fauna inside seabases adds an attractive touch, and the current array of tools availible now really strengthens the vibe of being an exploring diver.This game not only has a lot of potential, but after the update with the PRAWN, I'm just really please with how the new vision of it is looking. It can ""Minecraft underwater"" with respect to nice homemaking touches MUCH stronger now, and the ecosystem of chemicals and plants you interact with is becoming pleasantly fuller."
76561198018104278,Recommended,264710,23027146,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Resolute,"This is one of my favorite games of all time! It is very, very well designed. The mechanics are streamlined and slick. The visuals are beautiful. If open water makes you uncomfortable, like it does for me, this game is downright gripping. I highly recommend it!"
76561198285355062,Recommended,264710,32363212,Posted: 12 June,all,Mark Pet,sea dragon is invinceble so dont try to kill it like me.lost two syclopces and a prawn suit.I only have a seamoth left :(
,Recommended,264710,34229704,Posted: 13 August,all,Kyubey,Very good !! And just getting better !
76561198389557682,Recommended,264710,34228524,Posted: 13 August,all,kevin.ben.paul,"I've had 6 hours of gameplay, and this game has already blown me away. The various creatures and the biomes are beautiful. The open world gameplay is great. MUST HAVE !"
,Recommended,264710,34228178,Posted: 13 August,all,jdwashere,"I love everything about this game. Alone, survival, exploring new things and futuristic. Growing and beautiful open world."
,Recommended,264710,31246226,Posted: 19 April,all,Tenoz,"I played this game about a year ago (right before the Prawn suit came out) and put about 30 hours into it which I really enjoyed.  The only things I felt were missing at the time other than the finishing touches to bring it out of early access were multiplayer (which isn't going to be implemented ever I don't think) and a larger world but more importantly more random events such as something attacking your base outside of its normal biome which would make the game very interesting.I have returned to playing the game again and now have put another 30 hours into it (8 hours of afk time that I'm not counting).  I really am enjoying the improvements that have been made to this game and am pleased with how it is progressing towards completion.As a side note my review might be slightly bias because I typically play survival games such as ARK, 7 days to die etcThere are a few bugs that I have run into since I have come back-External storage such as floating storage or suitcases will delete stored items (just build a base and put storage lockers in it to avoid this)-Using a console command or opening debug menu while in control of the Cyclops will cause you to not be able to turn your character with your mouse or open the game menu to save meaning you lose everything you did after your last save.  Avoidable by not opening console or debug menu while in control of cyclops and saving often (harder to do in hardcore)-Most importantly there is a framerate issue I have noticed since I have come back on exactly the same computer (pretty decent computer I get 60+ fps on max settings for nearly all finished games on the market).  Sometimes my frames will drop down to 2-7fps usually I sit around 20-35 sometimes hitting 45-60 but very rarely.  I believe the frame loss is due to a few things-how fast I am moving through the enironment-the biome I am in and more importantly the creatures loading in said biome (reefbacks DESTROY my framerate)-how large my base is and my distance from it-time of day in game-sudden environemntal changes such as breaking the surface of the water-obviously game detail settings with shadows being the most detrimental as is the case in nearly all games-catching fish causes sudden frame drops right before catching it causing the fish to escape (cheeky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s hacking      mah pc)In conclusion, yes this game is certainly worth the current sale price of $9.99 for pretty much anyone willing to put 5 hours into it.  It is also worth the full price if you really enjoy survival games and don't mind small alpha bugs which are mostly avoidable.Also this game will make you never want to swim in open water again."
,Recommended,264710,34262762,Posted: 15 August,all,Kola2,"It is a very fun and atmospheric game with gorgeous visuals and enjoyable gameplay BUTand this is a huge BUT.The optimization is crap. This game stutters like no other and it is not very fun on lower end hardware. If you're up there with a 1070 or 1080 you'll be fine (although even you will experience some stutter) but on a 1060 or a 1050ti, it's certainly a bottleneck on your fun."
76561198133669409,Recommended,264710,21839039,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Sassy Assassinharry12,"I haven't played Subnautica in a while, because my laptop is starting to lag a lot. But, i will write this review based on the older versions of subnautica and some videos of the newest updates.Pros:- Extremely good graphics- Base Building- Exploration- Future Technology- Survival/Creative Modes- Your Own Customisable Submarines!- Constant updates.- Crafting And Building SystemsCons:- Laggy For Slower Laptops, although in some cases still playable- Some Blueprints Are Hard To Find, Particularly The Moonpool Blueprints (or is it my luck?)Overall, i recommend that you have a good Pc, but otherwise Extremely replayable and lots of content.9/10, would die of the satan of the sea again."
,Recommended,264710,28854268,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jonno,"Awesome game, greatest survival open world game i have ever played yet. The crafting and survival mechanics are amazing, the plant and animal species are great. Vehicles and Base constructions are my favourite part of this game.Get this game only if you like this genre and have a good enough setup.10/10"
76561198048623723,Recommended,264710,23162248,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Skynred,"This game is really impressive. Charming, even. It does a great job in making you feel like you're really living in a water-planet (for lack of a better way to describe it). You even get a bit claustrophobic and somewhat panicked when you are completely lost inside some cave or wreckage.This may be the best game I've ever played in regards to making you (REALLY) want to explore the world around you. It makes you honestly curious and wanting to see what you'll find next. And you also get ecstatic when you find a new blueprint and get to build whatever it is and try it out - some things in particular are really exciting.The way building (the act, and the buildings themselves) and vehicles work is very elegant. Simple, efficient and intuitive. Feeding and drinking as well - this is not a huge pain in the *** as in many survival games out there. As long as you are not completely irresponsible, you can go out as far as you want and freely explore with a peaceful mind (until something attacks you, you drown or get lost underground, specially earlier in the game).Subnautica is still in EARLY ACCESS and so, as expected, it still lacks a lot of content. It took me 17-18 hours to see everything the game has to offer at this point (Steam claims I have about 28 hours, but that's mostly due to the game remaining open after you close it. For all effects and purposes it's already closed, but one of the game's processes keeps running and Steam apparently keeps counting that as play-time. My in-game save file says 18:42hrs). Still, playing it was very satisfying and I do recommend buying it - as it is, and with a full-price tag.If the Devs keep updating the game and take it as far as it can go, I'd put this game right beside Terraria and Minecraft as the best survival/crafting games I've ever played. But, again: ""if the devs take it as far as it can go"". I'm sure pretty much everyone who played/plays Subnautica would, just like me, love to see it going HUGE in content.I haven't found any game-breaking bugs while playing. There are some, of course, but nothing relevant. No crashes whatsoever. The main issue at the moment I'd say is the low draw-distance and frame-stuttering/drop when moving through the world. It's nothing serious, but it's slightly annoying - and more of an optimazion issue that will certainly be ironed out in the future.Another, secondary nice thing this game has is that it comes with a ""press F8 to send us your feedback"". You can just press F8 anytime and a light, in-game screen will pop-up for you to send your opinions straight to the Devs. I sent them about 10 of these once I ""finished"" the game. There's a 190 characters limit to each message, which is hateful but understandable - otherwise they would spend most of their time reading the players' feedbacks instead of actually working on the game, as many people tend to write long, rambling and tedious texts just like me.To finish, a (MILD) SPOILER BELOW:************I actually went ""WTF...OMG! :O"" when I built my Cyclops and saw it crashing down like a meteor on the water... I was expecting the Seamoth's daddy, not the Seamoth's hometown...************(MILD) SPOILER ABOVE! - no ""TL;DR's"" this time, sorry."
,Recommended,264710,34621989,Posted: 30 August,all,TriggerTry,"I played this game when a bladder fish was called an airsack, a peeper was almost impossible to catch, and the reaper leviathan was the worst threat. Honestly this game has come so far. It's an awesome expirence for only 20 bucks?!!!!!! That's lucky! I thought this game would be 60 by now!!! Anyway still highly anticipating full release. 10/10 have 63 hours on record as of now. Honestly if you have the chance definetly buy this game!"
,Recommended,264710,14166183,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lord Von Eztli,"The game atmosphere is very well achieved, i would totally recommend this game for survival game lovers."
76561198208728164,Recommended,264710,14646013,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MadManSoul,"Good game. Decent update rate. Hate the exploding fish and think they need a fine tuning or a weapon made to stop them since you cant kill them and they swim through any dirt you place over them with the terraformer.Would like to see a multi player option, and perhaps a tool to help locate fragments. I think once a fragment is found and used it should vanish from the Inventory so they dont clutter and take up space.All in all Im looking foreword to the Giant sea Beast, advertised in the video and base building."
,Recommended,264710,14178201,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,river12348,"This game is nice for people who like exploration, survival, and underwater anything pretty much. Still missing some items and stuff but its gotten alot better. I hope sometime they can add meyby some galleons or ships that you can pilot aound on the surface or even something bigger than the cyclops, there arent mant vehicles. It has great physics and textures. I love it."
,Recommended,264710,14652268,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,dhar174,"This game is EXCELLENT, even as an early access game. It has all the features you'd expect to find in the genre: Crafting, a large area to explore, strange plants and creatures to discover, and amazing graphics that I would love to see from behind an Oculus Rift. If you like simulations that could easily be considered a VR environment, if you like to explore strange new worlds, if you like sandbox games or open-world games, then Subnautica is for you!"
76561198121247574,Recommended,264710,14152434,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,⎛⎝Potatokiller141⎠⎞,"Ok, I have had this game for over a year now, and it still feaks me out.Here are my first impressions.>Spawn in my little dingy>hop out>explore>go to far>in the middle of nowhere>hear a low rumbling noise>Ctrl+Alt+Delete>Shutdown11/10 would turn off computer again."
,Recommended,264710,14175099,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,HEWR▲,Built a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with Terraformer Tool.10/10 would build again.
76561197999101239,Recommended,264710,14645138,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Kerdh,"Nice little Early Access, where from scratch (more or less) we are going to craft many stuff and vehicles (submarine!) for the deep sea.Sea is currently beautiful, cool, some stuff to harvest, but for the moment on a little area for real.Good future if devs continue on this way."
76561197970804897,Recommended,264710,14653983,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,DocTaotsu,"For being an early access game, Subnautica is very playable and enjoable. It's a unique setting and a solid groundwork for the designers to build on as they add additional complexity and goals. For now it's an enjoyable underwater survival and exploration game that actually does a good job of showing why the ocean is so goddamn cool."
76561198137198351,Recommended,264710,14656219,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Thomas Herrick,"It is a really fun game if you like sandbox games like minecraft, I like the fact they added the Cyclops submarine, but I have been playing on the experimental branch, and CANT wait for the underwater bases, but they will need to add drain systems so you can drain all the water out, and it would be nice if they could add real airlocks, where you would have to go in the airlock, drain all the water out, then get into the submarine, or base, and when you want to leave, you would have to go in, fill the airlock with water, then head out, but its just an idea, hope they keep updating it and eventually add the underwater bases! really fun game, I recommend it, I sold call of duty advanced warafare to buy this game, and it was well worth it, but it becomes boring when you build the cyclops, so they need to add bases, that way we can keep building up, and eventually build a spaceship to get off the island!, but its just an idea, and they need to definetely add multiplayer, that would be so much fun, but you could share oxygen off of another player, so the other player could have tons of oxygen tanks while you have an empty inventory, so you can gather resources while he provides the oxygen, when he runs out, he can get more then come back to you!, there's an endless list of things i wish they could add to the game, but its their decision, they do whatever they want with it, trust me, its worth the 20 bucks."
,Recommended,264710,14183664,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Rock,"NOTE BEFORE I SAY ANYTHING THE GAME IS IN EARLY ACCESS AND WHAT I SAY MIGHT BE CHANGED.The game is set in a fantastic enviroment it is a very new setting to be in as most survival games are set on land or atop the  oceans surface. However this one adds in 2 cool aspects its underwater and its futuristic. It sets up a story for you to roleplay off of. The game is as pretty as games get.The sights in this game are amazing on experimental graphics setting. For a game that is in early access you can tell that the developers are trying their darned hardest to make this game one of the most beautiful things you will ever encounter.There are so many new things to find and just enjoy looking at.There are some slight annoyences but they can be over looked as it is early early access. The developers are clearly trying very hard to fix the bugs in their game so basicly if you buy the game right now you arent just supporting them money wise, with just a simple push of f8 in game you can report a bug at any moment with the ability to screen shot it in the bug report. So you are both fixing the game and paying to fix for it when you buy this game and play it now.The amount of fish in the game is quiet small right now however for early access its pretty good and the fish AI is not terrible for early access. They know to swim away from you if they are fish you are to catch and eat and they know to chase you if they are bad fish. However it doesnt stop them from running into rocks on occasion or sticking there heads into the sand for some reason. (Maybe they like ostratchs?)However overall for the game in its current state and keeping in mind that its current state is so very early access I would have to rate this game on a scale from 1-10 a solid 7, with the potentional of a strong 9.5. Continue on the path you are going Developers you are doing a fantastic job so far."
76561198075885784,Recommended,264710,14135931,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Epik,GG well play
,Recommended,264710,14162256,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Stimspooks Madhouse,"Right now as of update 8 i would recomend buying the game as long as you dont mind spending £15 for about 3-4 hours of gameplay. You will get a good experience playing the game on the actual survival mode (where you need food & drink) but with the other mode you may get about 2-3 hours as you dont need to get food or water.Currently in the game as of 25/01/15 there are 4 crafting tabs in the main crafting bench, the longest of which is the food menu...where all the food is basically done the same way and the most valuable food source can be found as soon as you put your toes in the water (Peeper). To make up for the massive sameness of the food menu are 3 other menus that let you build resources & other equipment such as the sea glide and constructor. With these other tabs you will get most of your gameplay as you scavenge resources by defacing the sea floor and eventually smiling with pride as you build your constructor then sea moth.The issue i have with the new update 8 is that to build the most exciting things in the game you require a specific part, such as a sea moth fragment for the sea moth and a constructor fragment for, you guessed it, the constructor. This is where the issue jumps out of the water and punches you in the face, some of these fragments you can find 5-8 in a row and others you just wont be able to find. For instance, today i found 7 sea moth fragments and 4 stasis rifle fragments all in about the same place and then to build the sea moth i required the constructor. I was searching for ages and no constructor part showed itself...no sea moth for me :(.Overall i would recomend this game as it appears that there will be some great updates in the future:https://trello.com/b/WEDPjhjg/subnautica-feature-vote+ you can have a few good solid hours of fun with the game in its current state.Also maybe in the future the fragments will be equally spaced or not exist at all!"
76561198040924200,Recommended,264710,33045657,Posted: 30 June,all,Formenis,"Fun and intersting, it's a pity that they still haven't figured out how to improve the performance: with an I7 6850k and a GTX 1080 I can't run it correctly (around 40 fps)"
,Recommended,264710,23248810,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Mweeby,"Outstanding work whoever designed the game, This game is mostly lag-free, fun, and kind of almost a horror game at the same time, spending my money on this was worth it ^-^"
76561197979118548,Recommended,264710,34737115,Posted: 4 September,all,[82DK] Kelros,"This game is awesome. If you like survival get it, if you like a beautifully designed world with immersive flora and fauna get it, if you like constantly feeling like something is about to pouce onto your helpless juicey♥♥♥♥♥get it, if you don't like any of these things get it.Basically this game makes most survival games look like Hello Kitty Island Adventure. You lack any real offense so your only options are a few very expensive defensive items or to run like a ♥♥♥♥♥ and hope whatever is chasing you leaves you alone.The big risk big reward system is amazing and you're constantly running into new biomes full of horrific monsters that will make you say ""♥♥♥♥ that!"". The bonus is that the story line and eventual depletion of resources in the safer areas force you into the unknown abys to face these terrors and uncover a really cool history of the planet."
76561198022513588,Recommended,264710,32586178,Posted: 20 June,all,INeedFood,best game
,Recommended,264710,29394931,Posted: 21 January,all,Gary the metrosexual fruitcake,"Often gets new, cool content updates. Devs are really working on this one"
,Recommended,264710,30133666,Posted: 23 February,all,SolidShot,"Been on steam for a long time now 2nd acount around 5 years never dont a review till Now!""Amazing game Pros and cons""-Pro:Graphics are amazingCon:Can be lagy at time and crash still Early Access-Pro: New approach to survival gamesCon:Bugs-Pro:New updates all the timeCon:There are parts of the world hard to find but can fall in the abyss forever-Pro:Thought you explored it all Wrong always something new and exciting in this gameWHen it comes down to it Great game. Ya it has bugs but all early access games do Still for Only $20. You can have endless fun with this game 4 differnt game modes even if your not into survival games there is a option for you. always something new to explore. The music is amazing the gameplay the art and the horrific noises that come right before turning around and craping your self. Would recomend this game 8.7/10"
76561198150014882,Recommended,264710,21166689,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ashtrainer27,"First day: ""I don't understand why everyone's scared of the seacreatures, this game is beautiful!""End of first day: ""IT'S BEEN THREE HOURS IS IT SAFE TO LEAVE MY BASE YET"""
76561198161415418,Recommended,264710,33416151,Posted: 9 July,all,☿﻿NoeL☿,great ♥♥♥♥ing game lol
76561198098682889,Recommended,264710,34710558,Posted: 3 September,all,🥔KestrelPotato🥔,pretty good
76561198102220632,Recommended,264710,34684803,Posted: 2 September,all,Lify,"This Game is everything. I have Hydromegathalassophobia and I always get goosebumps when I jump into water (ingame). In reallife I would be dying in the air.What I am trying to say is, this game is selling. It had a concept, and They made it.Im in love."
76561198070135416,Recommended,264710,34700301,Posted: 2 September,all,Azaghal of Belegost,"I stay away from Early Access games mostly because I used to work as a professional QA and the thought of paying someone to test their game instead of being payed went against everything I stood for in life.But this... this is the first ever Early Access game I bought and I don't actually regret it.There are bugs and a lot of them. The performance is sometimes awful. Things happen for no reason. The loading times are so long you can easily do other things around the house, come back, have lunch and a nap. The UI is clunky. A lot of things are unfinished or not yet fully implemented.But damn, under all this dirt is a jewel that will amaze you if you dig deep enough.Basically it's a survival-exploration-base-builder. On an alien world. Under water. A survival exploration base builder on an alien water world. Repeat that several times. If that alone doesn't do it for you, read on.There is stuff to see, to discover and to craft. There are shallow waters to traverse, deep oceanic trenches to descend to and massive underwater caves to explore. And you can build bases in all these places and then some. There is a mystery to be solved. And all that with a really stunning visuals and oozing atmosphere.Finally there are Leviathans... and the Void.If you suffer from  thalassophobia you may not want to play this game. Otherwise - give it a try and you just might be blown away like I was."
,Recommended,264710,16103629,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Box Cat,"This is a truly amazing game. Although you do need a high-spec laptop/computer to run it, Subnautica pleases the eye, and is a fun but sometimes creepy game. Either explore the deepest depths of the ocean, or build your own submarine; subnautica, keep up with this amazing game."
76561198297070264,Recommended,264710,33884955,Posted: 29 July,all,Nitrodeathworm,Definetly my favorite game. I would pay triple what this game costs for it. If you don't play this game i very strongly suggest you do. I promise these will be the best $20 you will ever spend.
76561198124939659,Recommended,264710,34688261,Posted: 2 September,all,Grounded_Pilot,"Quite possibly the best game I have bought for years.Although I have many ideas of things to add, there is NOTHING I would take away. This game is beautiful- first and foremost- particularly in the shallows when you begin, the game is challenging- be it finding your feet with the ecosystem or just not depriving your body of oxygen- you will always find yourself fighting to survive.The crushing depths of the abyss you experience is incredible, just as you've aclimatised to the flora and fauna of one biome/depth you are presented with a whole host of new creatures that most likely want to eat you!The storyline is weaved into the game seamlessly, unlike some games out there where it is possible to just do side quests or just focus on storyline, you have no choice in subnautica but to explore everything... unless of course you're happy base building and making do with just your seamoth to ferry you around...!Buy it, play it. If somehow you're not bowled over within the first 2hr's then refund it. I would stake my pension fund that you won't though!!"
76561198342529272,Recommended,264710,34687449,Posted: 2 September,all,HauntedCows00,"This game is an amazing game. I love being able to play this game and constantly be terrified of everything. I would have to say that everyone should play this game, due to the type of game it is. I do think that multiplayer should be added into the game though. I think that players should be able to play together and try to survive the depths of the ocean planet together. Other than that, this game is one of the best games I have ever played."
76561198138141504,Recommended,264710,29491049,Posted: 25 January,all,l3afm00n,"One of the reasons I like Subnautica so much is the atmosphere it creates. Even though it's not a horror game, it instills a legit sense of dread that puts me really on edge when going into dangerous areas or not being able to see the bottom. It's the kind of dread that makes me jump out of my seat every time a Warper appears or a Spadefish smacks into the windshield. In short, it kind of has the feel of a very effective and well-made horror game.The creature design is phenomenal as well. It's just scientific enough to be believable, but it's still completely alien and bizarre.The only things I don't like about it are the constant bugs, which occasionally make it impossible to play the game properly without cheating(structures disappearing, etc.). There's also the low framerate, but that's mostly the fault of my computer's crappy GPU.Overall, great game. I give it a 9/10 now, and it'll probably be a 10 when it's fully released."
76561198039744312,Recommended,264710,34779783,Posted: 6 September,all,Death_Strike_NL,Awesome game.Looking forward for the completion.
,Recommended,264710,34779228,Posted: 6 September,all,moosepower40,incredabul game 1000 out of ten
76561198065919214,Recommended,264710,34757480,Posted: 5 September,all,Rayzor,Best early acces game ive ever played. Insane Updates regulary.Buy it. You will fall in love
,Recommended,264710,33713523,Posted: 21 July,all,Marzrack,"If you don't get it at least watch markiplier play it , Either way this game is freaking awesome."
76561198083126313,Recommended,264710,33714736,Posted: 22 July,all,Pickle rick,Early access game nothing to sayBeautiful gameOh and marklipire is in here
76561198044757134,Recommended,264710,34771576,Posted: 6 September,all,Alexander,"One of the best game ever, just to bad that no multiplayer , but the game is great and beutifull ."
76561198049843949,Recommended,264710,25848886,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Mindelan,I love this game easily 4 or 5 times more than I could ever love a human child.
76561198032029922,Recommended,264710,34674344,Posted: 1 September,all,roasty my toasty,"Game is GreatCommunity is CancerBut you can find help there, so ignore the salty kids"
,Recommended,264710,33190655,Posted: 3 July,all,alexblueboy02,"THIS... GAME... IS... AMAZING!!!  I've spent over 200 hours in game, and I'm still yet to get bored of it.  I can't complain about... well anything they nailed the intro, the story is even better than the intro.  So all in all I'd say this game is one of the best that I've ever played."
,Recommended,264710,21501351,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Gir,"Just get the game already.Too short didn't read:Graphics are great. Gameplay is awesome. It's 1000x better than Stranded Deep, and its updates are worth waiting for.GG Stranded"
76561198155347868,Recommended,264710,21505143,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Adolade,"very nice game to play. relaxing and fun. cant wait for the game to be fully complete. particularly looking forward to the thought of the sea dragon leviathan and the sea emperor. the only thing i would say is wrong with the game is there are very minor visual bugs in the game, but as the game is in develepoment thats to be expected"
,Recommended,264710,28317598,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Kharis,"Awesome game, can't wait to see it finished! I don't regret a bit spending the money... buy it and dive in the adventure! (but stay away from the big fishes... and squids... and... well... strange beasts that teleport you... damn I hate those ♥♥♥♥ers)"
76561198021308824,Recommended,264710,34668653,Posted: 1 September,all,Wtchdctr,"As you can tell I have put some time into this game. It is Early Access, so there are ongoing updates that change the experience. However, it seems the Devs are now focusing on optimization, and not mechanics. This is good. Mechanics are solid, and graphical immersion is good. Now is the time to push to the goal-line by improving framerate, pop-in, and clipping.Pros:1. If you are looking for an immersive (as well as submersive, I suppose...) survival game in an imaginative and unique setting, this is your game. Many games reach for this, but fail. Subnautica actually makes it fun to explore again, because what you see next you may have never seen before. The world is persistent, so that maybe a drawback for those ""procedural"" types. But for me, I like the aspect of exploring, and getting to know the world. Also persistent worlds have a tendency to allow for more in-depth development, and micro uniquenesses (is that a word?).2. The mechanics of the game are simple, useful, and pleasing aesthetically. In other words, it's fun to build your base, and experiment with different room types and locations. And it's interesting to craft new items to interaact with the planet's flora and fauna. It's enjoyable to swim through the ocean, and explore caves and shipwrecks (as long as no Leviathan is around).3. You have the ability to tailor the experience to your tastes. There are currently three modes to play the game. One mode is essentially a sandbox mode. The other two are ""Freedom"" and ""Survival."" One requires you to find/craft everything necessary to play the game, monitor your O2, and fend off the critters, but you don't have to worry about starvation or dehydration. The other requires you to also guard against starvation and dehydration (this is significantly more challenging). There are enough ways to die in the game as it is!4. The setting/enviroment is rich (however I will say you need PC horsepower to keep up the framerate). I'm running an i5 6600k on a 1070GTx, and I'll occasionally get stuttering. Although, I will say the Devs continue to improve this.5. The vehicles you eventually craft in the game give you unique ways to explore the world. Sometimes its fun to drive the porche-like Seamoth, but other times stomping around on the Deep-sea floor in the P.R.A.W.N. is the ticket! In addition to these, the submarine is interesting, and actually serves as an useful tool for deep exploration.6. It's a nice break from the tired apocalypse/zombie trope in survival games. This is less about blood and guts, and more about exploration, crafting, and the ""coolness"" factor. Don't get me wrong, the first time you look over the brink of some undersea cliff into the inky depths and hear the roar of a Leviathan, you'll get the adrenaline shot your looking for!Cons:1. The storyline does continue to develop, but it is somewhat difficult to ascertain at the moment. On the one hand, you are trying to ultimately build a rocket to escape being stranded on an alien planet; but on the other hand you are trying to find the cure to some bacteria-born, mysterious disease slowly killing all life on the planet.2. Navigation can be a bit tedious, as there is no mapping system in-game that I am aware of, however the fanbase has developed several you can find online.3. Collection of resources for crafting can be grindy, depending on the particular resource's rarity and relative biome location.All-in-all, they've got something special going here, and I'd say it's worth the price of admission. It's one of those games that you sit down to play for 30 minutes, then get up a short time later because your stomach says you need a snack, and realize 3 hours have passed."
76561198115799796,Recommended,264710,25249062,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Elemedigm,"This is a great game, whether you are new to exploration/survival games or a old veteran, this game has something for you.Now, here's the story: Your the survivor of the crashed ship: Aurora. You have to find a way to survive and get off this underwater rock. Although currently, there no way to actually do that, so you'll just have to settle for making a home away from home as you explore this crazy place.This game has 4 main modes to it: Survival, Freedom, Hardcore, and Creative. Survival is the mode most people expect from this game, here you have to make sure you're properly fed, hydrated, and make sure you don't die from lack of oxygen of getting eaten by the wildlife. Freedom mode is for those new to survival games like myself. Here, you only have to worry about health and oxygen, allowing you more room to explore the world. Hardcore mode has everything that Survival mode has, with one key difference: If you die, thats it, GAME OVER. Finally Creative mode allows you to build anything you want in the game, with no material cost. It's a great way to see what the game has to offer before delving into the story (what little is there for now)Before I end this review, I want to say, or well write, 2 things. 1. Obviously, the game is still in development, THERE WILL BE BUGS AND GLITCHES (especially in the experimental version). Reporting these things allows the developers to make the game better for when it becomes final, so report anything weird in the game often! 2. Finally, i'd like to make a suggestion for how you play this game. First, start off in the stable build of the game. Once you get to a point where you want to see more in subnautica, change your version to the experimental build (in properties).And thats all i'd like to say about this amazing game. Actually there is one little thing more: If you see a big red fish with 4 large horns on it's face, make sure it doesnt notice you, unless you want to somehow spite it by giving it indigestion from eating you for the millionth time."
76561198195534711,Recommended,264710,30711834,Posted: 24 March,all,IPhone_Pro,"Ever wanted a ocean simulator? Well don't get anything else and get Subnautica. Subnautica is the ultimate oceanic simulator. It has a very rich backstory and much information and theories about the alien life before us, the Precursors.If you every thought that you beat the game when you got the biggest submarine in the game, the Cyclops, your very wrong. To beat the game it takes hundreds of hours of gameplay and lots of patience. If you don't believe me, Jacksepticeye and Markiplier are on episode 45+ on Subnautica, and are still exploring the vast world. Don't get ahead of yourself and go into creative mode, because you'll regret it.Heres a bit more information about the game for people who can't decide if they want to buy it or not. First of all, if you buy it, you'll never regret it, as I said earlier in the review, there is a very rich backstory and much to explore.P.S - Use the fabricator in the lifepod to craft items, not the PAD you hold all the time.P.S - Don't make the Cyclops in the shallow area"
76561198273219661,Recommended,264710,28925183,Posted: 1 January,all,acehoward,Fantastic survival game! very unique and TERRIFYING!!! love it!
,Recommended,264710,28980213,Posted: 3 January,all,Kaijin,"Wow, what a game.....Not being a very big fan of survival/open world games (this was before, not now), I bought this because my son (9 years old) asked me for some time and when ""Santa"" came by in 2016, I got the game.Since we got the game we've been playing it on every bit of spare time we have, I never thought I would get so addicted, the game is truly marvelous.The graphics are amazing, the alien world, the creatures, the sky, the marine fauna, I could go on and on, the game looks absolutely gorgeous.Regarding the gameplay, I don't have much experience with other games of the same type, but imho this one has an excellent gameplay, some raw materials are a little bit hard to find initially but I think that's one of the things that makes the game so enjoyable to play and eventually you'll get to know the map pretty well, knowing most of the locations for resources.The storyline has been very interesting, always keeping a little suspense on what we're going to find next, it's a really cool feature and the new things that have been added in the last couple of months (from January to September 2017) are awesome. The plot is thrilling.I love the work and effort this team put on the game, remarkable.For those who like this type of game and even for those who aren't big fans (like I was before buying this game and it literally made me a fan of survival games), I HIGHLY recommend it, it's a non-regrettable purchase. :)Updated after ~190h of gameplay in experimental and tons of improvements/additions in early access, I can't wait for the release inNovember."
,Recommended,264710,24682409,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dank Soldier,"Definately a game to blow some time on if you just feel like derping around. Yes, it does get boring after a while, but you can find ways to make it interesting, like make a garden, collect eggs and raise 100 stalkers, go to the dunes or aurora and crap your pants by being attacked by reapers, shock the reapers and make them cry, build a huge base for no reason, build an island with the terraformer, or explore. In my opinnion Id say this game is horror and adventure, its horrifying when you get eaten alive by a reaper or watch a crabsquid or crabsnake wander around (crabsnakes being a bit more majestic than a 14 legged freak). The game might not have alot of potential just yet but things like (im not saying the name of the race) alien bases and alien abominations are definately going to spice this game up.Yes the monthly updates might not be the most exciting but quite a few add interesting concepts like the chargers, those definately allow you to save a few resources by charging your depleted cells and batteries, where before these were added, you would have to craft new ones.Summary: an interesting game with a lot of possible potential, not reccommended if you easily stress out because some creatures will latch on to you/grab you to kill you (i think i set the record for the number of yous in a single sentence) because like me, i feel like im going to have a heart attack, recommended if you do like changing your pants alot and feel like building some crazy base."
,Recommended,264710,27043402,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Big Brother,"I recommand this game because its interesting design and the story behind the game progress. It show us a different planet filled with water. Althoungh it has some bugs, but the adventure in this planet bring you into a admirable world, and it has sth to do with curing fear of deep water!"
76561198390529609,Recommended,264710,34875496,Posted: 10 September,all,SullySamurai,"This has to be the best survival game i've played yet. This game will have your heart pounding hearing the sounds of a reaper leviathan. There may be a few bugs, but there not game breaking. This game is 9/10in my book. Would defiantly recommend."
,Recommended,264710,26922560,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jean-Arnhem,"Probably the best run early access I've played - pretty frequent updates with loads of new content. The game is engaging, and a background story unfolds naturally as you explore new biomes, unlock new technologies, and stumble on hidden locations. Can be taxing on lower-end systems because the graphics are beautiful and the sea is full of life."
,Recommended,264710,27960766,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Xan,"Subnautica, the Game what i searched for in Years. The Atmosphere, the loneliness it´s perfect.I really can´t wait it for being finished.Every Update is a new Adventure to find out, what they have added in this game."
,Recommended,264710,33547292,Posted: 14 July,all,Dokfur,"Imagine- you're in a huge spaceship, eating dinner. An alarm sounds and everything is shaking violently. You run to your escape pod, and climb in. Whoosh, you're out of the ship. You see fire outside the window, and a panel pops loose, it gives you a whack in the face, and you black out. All of a sudden, you crash into the water, waking up. Grab the extinguisher, and douse that fire inside, quick! Climb the ladder, and be horrified at the scene around you. All you can see is water and your ship.And so your new life begins...Collect resources, build tools, kill fish for food. You're on an unknown planet and need to find a cure for a bacterial infection that you have. Hop in the beast you call the cyclops, and slowly get down to 900 plus meters, finding an underground facility. Then cure the disease.I didn't want to spoil too much, so I apologize for the vagueness of the review.Go ahead, blast some of The Stones while you're at it. Sympathy for The Devil by the Rolling Stones, and Kashmir by Led Zeppelin are highly recommended for playing this game.10/10 would blow up my sea moth for the thirteenth time."
76561198303996808,Recommended,264710,34866455,Posted: 10 September,all,Assassin,I really love this game but i wish there was a co-op version.But it has really good graphics.
76561198014350883,Recommended,264710,34865541,Posted: 10 September,all,Colopapin,"Despite some needed perfomances tweaks , this game kicks you in the belly with the brute force of a stallion , so beautiful graphics , so immersive ( ok underwater ) , so much possibilities , and a real good story.Just buy it , and go diving , with some good music in your ears , it is just like an underwater paradise .Warning : this is a time eater grade AAA .Thanks to the creators"
76561198064961921,Recommended,264710,33303483,Posted: 6 July,all,Sneaky_Squidz,"What a great game. Most interesting survial game. Perosnally this gaem beats out Rust and The Forest. Cool mysterious planet, with an amazing diverse cast of ""Sealife"". The ""Monsters"" in this game are spine-tingling horrific. These giant beast folat around woth the Scariest sounds you will ever hear. On top of all of that they're these ""Precursors"" that houted the planet before you and you uncover this mystery. All in all this game is worth the 20$ price tag. Its Scheduled for realese in two months. (Review as of July 2017) I'm so anticipating the end of this game.Verdict- 10/10, Games not even finished and its amazing!"
76561198005025632,Recommended,264710,25401445,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Admiral John,"Subnautica Log One: Was swimming near my crashed ship as night fell... decided to swim down and see if there was some tech I could find. As I started to get low on oxygen I turned to swim up but suddenly took a massive amount of damage. I looked down in time to see two eyes and big♥♥♥♥♥teeth swimming up at me and before I could do anything else I was dead and my pants were♥♥♥♥♥♥This is how you do open-world survival. Stop playing No Man's Sky, drop $20 and buy this game. You won't regret it."
76561198143207944,Recommended,264710,34075678,Posted: 6 August,all,Nickelsniff,"Ok this review is gonna be a long one so buckle in.A few years ago i was really into jacksepticeye. He made some of my favorite content on youtube especially his spore series. At one point he started playing the game I now know and love Subnautica. When he started his playthrough of it i really wasnt interested in the game because i thought it would be like another ocean game i knew called Farsky whitch wasnt my favorite game. After his 20th epesode i finally said enough and i decided to see what all the comotion was about. I watched the first episode and was interested but not convinced but i watched epesode 2 anyway(like i said i was a huge jacksepticeye fan). Episode 2 was alot more interesting and so i decided to watch episode 3 then 4 and so on. in fact i watched it so much that when i finally was caught up to the current epesode it was 6 AM. I had spent 8 hours watching subnautica. I put my ipad down and fell asleep and awoke at 1 PM later that day. When i finally cane to my sences i went and grabbed a cup of coffe and sat at my computer. I loged on and opened steam to start my weekend of gaming and when i opened it right there sitting on the front of the store page was Subnautica. I clicked on it and watched the trailer 5 times before finally saying ""eh f*** it"" and I bought the game. I watched the game downoad and then opened it up to see the quite laggy home screen.*a few graphic ajustments later...*ok so once again the perfectly fine loading screen. I opened up a new survival game and got right into it.Now its august of 2017 and ive clocked over 200 hours on Subnautica. Ive seen the game evolve from its humble beggenings to where it is now and what it will be later on. It does a perfect job with telling a story that the player has to piece togather while still having sandbox elements. As i beleve it subnautica may be coming out of early acess soon and I cannot wait to see the ending of this amazing game that truly has brought me to love the ocean more than i ever have before."
,Recommended,264710,34826562,Posted: 8 September,all,Progressive Element,"One of the best survival games i have ever played hands down. Great story to follow on the survival path, SOOOOO MUCH TO DISCOVER ITS INSANE, epic bases with amazing views if windows are placed right you can spend hours just in the base relaxing, really addictive and fun to discover new alien lifeform and plants and all sorts.This is what No Mans Sky should have been if it were to be surounded by a body of water with vast islands and life to discover. If the devs of No Mans Sky are gonna make a second version, they best take notes from this artistic master peice."
76561198067016966,Recommended,264710,34884879,Posted: 11 September,all,SenseiVince #NoSound,"+ Large and beautiful looking biomes+ Challenging. It will take some time before you can start building your full base.+ Passive, aggressive and defensive creatures. Ranging from creatures as small as your toe to as big as a submarine (and even larger).+ Base buidling (there are a lot of possiblities in building your base. You can build it as big as you want)+ Power (there are plenty of ways to generate power. From solar panels to nuclear reactors.+ Storyline (not that this is not yet finished, but it shouldn't take too long.+ Scary. When you're just swimming and minding your own bussiness you'll♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants when you hear a Ghost/Reaper Leviathan coming your way. They are really scary. But even the smaller creatures can make such a noise that'll make you close your game...- Resource gathering (it is time consuming, BUT this doesn't get boring. You have to constantly be on your guard which makes it more interesting)- Reefbacks. These big ♥♥♥♥ers keep bumping into your base and will get stuck. You can try to kill them, but that takes forever.- Some small texture bugs- Cyclops (submarine) is a bit useless imo. It's large and very hard to manouver. The only reason one would use it is to go to great depths. But it's a ♥♥♥♥♥ to get to it. I understand why they changed it (it was very OP), but now it's more of a nuisance.TL:DRIn general I highly recommend this game for those who like exploring, base building, jump scares, survival and tension.Game is still in ""early"" access, but is such a good looking and awesome to play game."
76561198322461269,Recommended,264710,28852473,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Supreme.,"defenetly a great game its self, but maybe one day you guys could add co-op so you and your friends can survive together"
76561198021621827,Recommended,264710,34941107,Posted: 13 September,all,Tyrliothe,"This game is amazing. There is way more to it than I expected.The game play is great, and it is just incredibly beautiful and atmospheric.I accidentally stumbled upon ghost leviathans for the first time at night and nearly peed myself. It was terrifying."
,Recommended,264710,34955683,Posted: 14 September,all,Lucifer,I'm too afraid to keep playing.
76561198002054994,Recommended,264710,24984624,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,LiveInTokyo,Do you like big fishes that want to kill you and bite you in the darkest of caves when you are running low on oxygen or low on health? Then this is the game for you.
76561198061804923,Recommended,264710,24904821,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,[DTA]Chainers,"Really like this game, if you like survival crafting games and something different to the million other zombie apocolapse games out there then this is a good choice. Runs really smoothly and the graphics are beautiful."
76561198104376815,Recommended,264710,24956044,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Backyardbuffalo25,"This game is endless. It has so many things you can do. It might seem like all you do is just build houses, eat, and swim. There is more than that and this is what I did. First, made a freedom file and decided I could cheat to understand the basics faster. Second, made another freedom file to try to survive without cheating. Next, made a creative file to see what I haven't seen yet. After, I made a file in a different biome to see if I could survive in there. That is what I did and you could do so much more. I am still playing every day. This game doesn't really need co-op because it's fun alone.My final score is a 95%."
76561198016507204,Recommended,264710,21472135,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,powdersdream,"fantastic exploration/survival game. Exploring the  ocean and its inhabitants is very fun, rewarding and beautiful. It is very well polished for a early access game. Buy it!!! You won't regret it!"
76561198037789121,Recommended,264710,24526716,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Broseph Stalin,"I think this is one of the best games in my library. Sure, it does have issues with lag and rendering, but the pros totally beat the cons. There is lots to explore, with different biomes, like sand dunes and kelp forests. You can find cool animals and plants which most can be scanned so more can be learned about them too. There is easy/hard modes and a creative mode, depending if you wanted a challenge or if you just want to have fun. You can build in this game too! The game allows you to build big bases and stuff like desks, beds and tables, to give them a homelike feel. Lastly, the updates show that the devs really care about this game and are working hard to get this game out of early access."
,Recommended,264710,23791911,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,PS1 Hagrid,"Love this game, cant wait for the full exosuit update"
,Recommended,264710,23792483,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,BlackStrikeWolf,"Wow. Just wow! Amazing surroundings, immersive gameplay, challenging but FUN! If you like underwater levels, here's the answer to your prayers! During day time, game looks wonderful, with plenty of colors and life teeming around you. At night time, this is underwater version of Blackreach from Skyrim - bioluminescence, hard to navigate and total eye candy!Now, game still needs some work (if you drop some of items you will see them as floating cubes with question mark on them) but I'd say that most of the game is ready and it is quite playable. I started without any instructions but soon I was crafting stuff and exploring the ocean without any problems. One hint, tho - make a knife ASAP and use it to cut some coral. You can thank me later. ;)tl;dr - good game, worth every cent. Buy it!"
76561198180975494,Recommended,264710,34996718,Posted: 16 September,all,ZtG | Limit Breaker Rose,"Pretty good so far, can't wait for the full release. Keep up the great work and effort. 😎👍🏼"
76561198314053230,Recommended,264710,34983401,Posted: 15 September,all,shrike5566,"10/10 an awesome game that even though isn't technically a horror game, makes you tense. I have came back for it again and again, have loved every second of my hours put into this game. Good job developers on making a really great game."
,Recommended,264710,27048183,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Inz0mnia,"This game is amazing, give it a try, especially if you like survival/horror and games that take place in the ocean or large body of water, and this game is how early access should be done, lots of content and more on the way, and a lot of things to do like creative mode, survival(food, thirst, oxygen) and hardcore is like survival, but you have one life only, and then you have free mode where you don't have to worry about food/water ect. a great mode to explore the water world you crash on, this game is definitely worth playing!"
,Recommended,264710,34870974,Posted: 10 September,all,weyersn,"I bought this game in December 2016.  Been playing it since, with regular updates from the developers.  It has a unique blend that you don't find in many games nowadays.  As a downside, it can feel a bit ""grindy"" at times when you look for crafting materials.  But they are reasonably easily available.HOWEVER, on the whole, this is a great game.  The story line is very intruiging, with a few surprising elements.  The general look and feel of the game is also incredibly unique and enjoyable.  It will not only keep you entertained fro hours while you play it - it will sit in your subconscious and intruige you even when you don't play it!100% worth every penny"
76561198067896146,Recommended,264710,34911436,Posted: 12 September,all,Lew,"Honestly, this game although not without it's flaws is incredible. The atmosphere is a perfect blend of serenity and terror.Pros:+ Excellent atmospheric sound production+ Looks great+ Mechanics are simple and concise+ An odd blend of relaxation an absolute terror+ Still alive. The dev team update semi-regularly and put a great deal of thought into what they produce+ Well worth the cost in it's current stateCons:- Needs more content, not much, just a bit more diversity in each of the biomes. More coral, more fish, more plants, more unexpected dangers.- A harpoon gun would be nice. I like not having guns but even something weak to hunt dinner easier would really help the experience.- Requires several backup sets of underwear if you plan on venturing out of the shallows.- Needs audio on PDA's- A few novelty collectables would be fun- Still haven't fixed the water clipping through partially submerged buildings"
76561198044066616,Recommended,264710,35038620,Posted: 17 September,all,Gawain Dragonsong,Who the heck said that this game only had two hours of gameplay I haven't even gotten the Cyclops yet jesus christ
,Recommended,264710,35038132,Posted: 17 September,all,ANTIFA Red,This game is really gorgeous and it's been interesting to watch it develop. At this point it is totally playable and they seem to be adding new content regularly.
76561198240886592,Recommended,264710,32415884,Posted: 14 June,all,SanboyzPlayz,Hell yeah. This game is so gooooooooooooooood. So much diversity!!!!!!!! GET THIS GAME!!!!!1
,Recommended,264710,31844957,Posted: 19 May,all,snouka,"This game is incredible fun, love to play it.However, better wait till its not early access anymore, since you should start anew after every update that comes out.Also, the game lags sometimes quite a lot. Its not a hardware problem, so better wait for them to fix this.All in all I would recommend it however, and if you dont wanna wait you should play right away. Even though its still in the early access mode, it's pretty complete already. Have fun!"
,Recommended,264710,26040497,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Jones 77,"It might not be a big game, but nevertheless this is a real gem and i encourage everyone, that loves the feeling of being immersed underwater to give it a try."
,Recommended,264710,35090011,Posted: 20 September,all,Cj to the,I'd pay way more than $20 for this
,Recommended,264710,35099347,Posted: 21 September,all,Spyder,Best underwater game
76561198331209622,Recommended,264710,33198601,Posted: 3 July,all,WolfGamer1676,i love this game but i cant get it to work for me. i know alot and it would be awesome if the gargantuan levithan from the lost river bone fields spawned way out in the void and one hit ko'd anything no matter what.
76561198263068701,Recommended,264710,26875551,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Von_Reese,Shuddup and Take Mah Moneh!Tons of fun and constantly advancing with with a Dev staff that is on duty and getting it done.  Easily one of the most eye-pleasing games out there and tho its still a sand-box in development you will find lots too do and explore.
76561198005048521,Recommended,264710,17465120,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,OracleX,"I generally don't review games much but Subnautica is awesome, especially for a early access game.I love survival and open world games and after reading a few other reviews I bought it and have already got my money's worth.  For a early access game it has a fair bit of content and the potential of this game is huge.Things I like:- Open world feel- Catchy start helps you know the a bit about what is going on- Simple!  The crafting system is simple and hasn't felt like a grind- Graphics under water are well done- Sound is well done and distance and underwater muffling is good- Been surprised several times between items that were crafted and creatures that tried to eat me- Cyclopes sub had me saying holy crap for several minutes as I couldn't believe the size and detail of it - that moment seeing it crafted for the first time will stick- The crashed ship story items (as limited) as they are is cool- Inventory management forces trips out to stock up- Underwater bases are very coolOppertunities- Some stability issues with falling out of the Cyclope- Graphics above water are rough still- More story line- More upgrades to sub- More creatures and maybe some different ones at night- Need visibility to durability on knife so you know when to take another- Multiplayer could be interesting"
76561198048112574,Recommended,264710,25232860,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Fire Hawk7773,Is this game fun to the point of addiction? Yes.Have I poured an obscene number of hours into it since I bought it? Most likely.Am I ever going to stop playing it/re-launching every time the developers update (which is admirably often and shows dedication)? Heck no.10/10 would invest almost 600 hours again.
,Recommended,264710,25231863,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Little Watty,"When you buy this game, you have to be aware that it is still Early Access. It's not completed. It's still rather buggy. However, to be part of this game as it is being built, to give suggestions and feedback that could have real implications on the final game, is an experience like no other.Pros:- The absolute creativity that went into everything in this game. The different biomes that were constructed, the animals, the utterly unique feeling to every inch of the planet the developers created. It's amazing.- The ability to build whatever you want, wherever you want. Within reason. You want a simple base at or above sea level? No problem! Want a massive, sprawling mansion over 1000M below sea level? Sure thing, just make sure you know how to power it.- One of my absolute favorite things, though others might not agree, is that there are actual consequences to not thinking ahead. Decide to build a bioreactor to power your base in the kelp forest? Then you cut down that kelp forest to fuel it, only to realize later that there's no forest anymore? Then you realize you should have grown your own, instead of cutting down every last creepvine in a 1km radius.Cons:- Stuttering. My computer is above the recommended specs, but I still get a lot of macro and micro stuttering on the medium graphic setting. The High setting is virtually unplayable for me. If you don't care about how the game looks, then play on minimum.- Some predators are overly aggressive. Admittedly, this is likely on purpose as large predators will often attack anything that enters their territory - familiar or not. But I can't tell you how many times I've had my little Sea Moth sub pushed below pressure limits and nearly destroyed while I was exploring a wreck, just because some predators kept attacking it while I wasn't there.- Perhaps the worst downside for me, personally, is that the world is too small. There is a ton of variety, the world is built up and down as well as side to side. But once you get familiar with every corner (which does, admittedly, take a very long time) it just feels so dang /small/. Once you start building the larger vehicles, and getting some speed on your side, it takes no time at all to get form point A to point B. Even if doubling the size of the landscape pushed back the official release date by a year, I'd prefer that.Regardless of whatever cons I've seen and experienced in my game, it won't be the same for everyone. Do I heartily recommend this game to anyone who likes exploring and discovering new things? Yes. Would I recommend this game to someone who doesn't like survival games? Yes, because you don't have to do the survival mode. This is perhaps a game I've had the most fun with since Fallout 4, and before that Skyrim. I love Bethesda games for their freedom, and their explorability. Subnautica hits both of those points right on the nose."
,Recommended,264710,25228896,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Synchronicity,"Amazing game, easily worth more than the sticker price. A few glaring bugs, but mostly cosmetic. Nothing game-breaking so far.The graphics are jaw-droppingly gorgeous. The biomes and sealife that abound are beautiful, colorful, and varied. The planet really feels like a living, breathing world, and contains plenty of surprises as you progress into more dangerous areas. I like that the game includes some flavor text for the flora and fauna, which adds some fun to exploration beyond just chasing the next upgrade.The controls are great. I like that base-building is a bit easier compared to most survival games - in others it tends to feel like a chore to me. Advanced upgrades are expensive, but the basic elements like rooms and corridors are cheap, so you don't have to spend hours finding resources just to customize your base.The game is more about exploration than survival, as your advanced technology and the abundant sealife make it easy to subsist indefinitely in the starting area. The real challenge comes from venturing outward. Exploring wreckage, caverns, new biomes, where large predators and dangerous depths are a constant threat.My one major criticism about the game is acquiring new technology, which has to be done by exploring the scattered wreckage from your ship and scanning various items to get more advanced blueprints. In principle I think this mechanic is fine, but a lot of the fragments are rare, only found in a few select locations. I resorted to looking online, which took a lot of the fun out of it, but it was better than searching aimlessly for hours."
76561197970478258,Recommended,264710,32761123,Posted: 25 June,all,GewaltSam,"Simply the best survival game I played, period. I love the atmosphere, the game has a real ending, and you don't need to farm and grind endlessly for stuff - although you need to gather some things, of course.If the game intrigues you, please buy and never regret it."
,Recommended,264710,29950853,Posted: 15 February,all,mughead,"Absolutely outstanding.Great game to explore and survive; build things and discover islands and stuff.Story is not main focus but is also pretty awesome.Loads of unique sea creatures all with different purposes. Some to eat or drink; and some toscare the absolute crap out of you at 1 AMThere are some issues such as crashes,regular frame drops/ skipsand no autosave (which has screwed me over quite a few times).All around very enjoyable experience and would recommend...If it's on sale, you owe yourself this adventure...9/10"
,Recommended,264710,34980931,Posted: 15 September,all,Gameking002,"Multiplayer mod in development, YESSSS!!!the one mod that will add the thing nearly all players want"
,Recommended,264710,35026647,Posted: 17 September,all,Pure Evil 777,"I've played subnautica now since the Cyclops update. Each time Unknown Worlds released a new update I felt as I if I have been watching this game grow up to be a strong and fun piece of digital entertainment. The graphics themselves are stunning, even since the earlier days of the first few versions. The story is one of survival, endurance and great imagination. One of the first survival games I have seen to have a back story in it, which in a way provides encouragement to do more than just survive. Now that the game is close to its full release, I felt it was time I did a review. A positive review. A review telling any readers that this game is worth the money and then some. Every hour is a mixture of beautifal exploration mixed with daring/dangerous consequences. This game started great, is doing amazing, and will finish to that of a grand design. I highly recomend this game if you like stunning graphics, survival genres, and alot of swimming/hiding from giant sea monsters."
,Recommended,264710,31321329,Posted: 23 April,all,Skywork,Ein sehr gutes Spiel die Entwickler haben sehr vielfantasie die grafik ist so so aber das Spielerlebnissgut man hat viele möglichkeiten man. Es hat eine Openworld und die ist sehr groß. Im algemeinen lohnt es sich weiles noch in der early acces ist und oft Updates rauskommen.
76561198089262344,Recommended,264710,35010029,Posted: 16 September,all,Businessman,KEEP PERFECTING THIS GAME GUYS BECAUSE ITS RIPPING MY HEART OUT CAUSE IT SO GOOD
76561198338418604,Recommended,264710,35010779,Posted: 16 September,all,train389,Best game ever
76561198010039410,Recommended,264710,35019374,Posted: 17 September,all,=irish=,love it 10/10 in my book
76561198059447800,Recommended,264710,35071294,Posted: 19 September,all,DiceMan3,"Terrific game. The atmosphere is absolutely stunning. The soundtrack immerses you in headphones to an underwater world taht is really beautiful, but also scary as i'll get out. Even if you don't scare easily, the first time you see the bigger creatures you will jump. And the first time you see one of the beautiful biomes for the first time (giant mushroom forest <3) you will immediately want to build a base there. My only complaint with this game is the lack of story; but that is getting patched in as I write this. Slowly since I got this game at=least a year ago, they have been adding what needs to be added for the story and I keep coming back and playing after updates for a little while. If you are on the edge try it for the two hour period, just the atmosphere would make alot of people buy it."
76561198032742599,Recommended,264710,33938118,Posted: 31 July,all,BurningLegion,"Subnautica as a Haiku:Ahead, cave exitAhead, Leviathan hungersWarning: Oxygen!In all seriousness, Subnautica is essentially perfectly designed as a survival/horror game. Too many games classed as ""survival"" because they have food and drink mechanics in them fail at the most important part: Survival games are about being disempowered.Fallout New Vegas, glorious  as it is, is not a survival game despite its need for eating, sleeping, and resting because of how powerful the player is compared to the world. Metro 2033 isn't and could never be because it's a shooter game.Subnautica succeeds in this area. No matter how much the player crafts or where she goes or what she does, she's always going to be in an alien environment she can't survive in long, at the mercy of a ridiculously lethal ecosystem that views her as a light snack.It's a perfect balance of resources to keep track of and ratchet up the tension: Air is always limited, and is the most probable way you die. Water needs a base to be processed into a usable form, and for that reason limits your exploration by where you've expanded to. Food works a lot better when processed, but goes bad quickly without extra effort. Health needs an annoying collection of ingredients to recover at all, and you will need to recover health. Any powered tools you make can run out of power, and juggling batteries between which tool needs it more at the moment comes up often.Any bases you make have their own sets of limitations and systems to deal with.Many of the creatures in the game are predatory and will object to your presence, but some can be used for your advantage. Critically, you don't have lethal weapons in this game. There are a variety of ways to distract and evade predators, but you will never kill them.In this way, no matter how far you go in Subnautica, you feel the icy hand of death at your throat. Victory is nothing more or less than just getting out alive, and that is your goal.The game is currently early access, so if you dislike playing unfinished games, get it on sale and wait for the 1.0 update in a few months."
,Recommended,264710,16607175,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Queen Of Being A King,"You can check my profile and see i NEVER review games. Even though I own literally hundreds of them and buy at least a few a week....But this game.... I just had to say something. I have every single survival game on steam worth speaking about, and this is hands down the best. Im so blown away by how amazing this game is I just wanna tell everyone I see!When people say I gotta get back to the game to end a review I always give a Ugh... But im saying right now in all seriousness IM DONE CAUSE I HAVE TO GO BACK TO PLAYING THIS GAME!Just buy it unless your a total moron and hate amazing Early access games that may be the best game I have played on PC in the last 2 years."
76561198202093972,Recommended,264710,35067188,Posted: 19 September,all,CoolSnail123 [T3S],"A truly breathtaking game which has changed my gaming life for ever. I have got to say that i have been looking forward to getting this game but i never expected it to be as good as it is. If you are into free roam, adventure games with a smidge of horrer, then this is the game for you. Get it quick befor its in full release and the price rises.10/10 - Mind Blowingly Good"
,Recommended,264710,35053226,Posted: 18 September,all,❤ мεяcү435 ❤,"As far as I can tell, the graphics are great and the mechanics are pretty simple and straightforward.  I don't usually play first person survival games, but you really oughta try Subnautica. It's got great potential. For an early access game, it's got enough content to keep you busy for a couple of hours."
76561198064439813,Recommended,264710,35055425,Posted: 18 September,all,dom.hawtin,"An absolute must buy!  Fantastic addictive game.  I read that someone called it an ""Underwater Minecraft"" and while there is crafting and mining it is nothing like Minecraft...it is a whole lot better.  Loving playing it, watching videos on it, and reading about it."
76561198150715907,Recommended,264710,35117304,Posted: 21 September,all,geckoman242,Great game it's beautiful to begin with and the gameplay mechincs are very fun.Also the developers are very in touch with the community and even post on a trello board(not going to post a link because the link might change but just search up Subnautica Trelllo board you should fiind it) what they are working on or what is coming in the future.
76561198124725750,Recommended,264710,21876756,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Ow3nM4842,"its awesome, is da beeessssstttttt... yo!!!! xoxo gossip guril"
76561198286550764,Recommended,264710,21877399,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,kassie040505,"Yes,Subnautica is a very good game for kids and grownups"
76561198063393168,Recommended,264710,21876835,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,WhyNotWisp,a really good game in development! to me its better than Spore! for me thats saying a lot!
,Recommended,264710,21876854,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,zilas0,"It's really great, Seriously you won't be dissapointed!!"
76561198126440403,Recommended,264710,21876608,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Bourne,The Newest Update in this game has clearly shown extreme potential that I originally thought of when I  first started playing this game from day 1. I can hope of the endless unkown possibilites to come as I am sure it will be exciting and add a new aspect of the game.I severely enjoy this game and cant wait for more!I recommend this game for enyone!Job well done!-Bourne
76561198260203353,Recommended,264710,21877463,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Beeryce 25,"Out of all the open access games I've been following, the developers of Subnautica bring the content they promise. The stable build releases bring new content on a monthly basis, and bug fixes are released periodically as needed. The visual and audio is top notch! The queues for the sound effects of different creatures and events can be a little glitchy as you pass from one area to another though. I feel like the emphasis of fragment scanning has gone just a little overboard with the latest update. But it did increase the play time of the current build.I have high hopes for this game! The only real challenge is implementation of a exciting story line. A few small pieces of story are emerging, but I feel these are just token additions. They hold no real sway or promise of an exceptional story line. This game needs a story! All survival/sandbox titles become something greater when a story is being told."
76561198150838927,Recommended,264710,23109930,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lewl,"This game is maybe the best game i have in my library. Even though i have ARK as my profile pic and its the most hours on a game i played, i still strongly recommend this game. It goes from crashing to building an underwater base 300m deep. The mysteries in this game are amazing as well. I hope to see repairing the Aroura and trying to find home, but that will probably be far from now, I highly recommend getting this game."
76561198169986437,Recommended,264710,19941583,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,MAX,Great game few bugs
,Recommended,264710,19943388,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Fit Mac,A lot of fun; great game. If you like minecraft or anygame where you build and explore you'll love this one. Developpement is going on fast and each update brings a lot of new content.Things I'd like to see in the future:MultiplayerA bigger map or a randomly generated mapBetter graphics and options
,Recommended,264710,20112450,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Tomohawk,"Subnauticas is still in early access but feels already like a well polished game. It firstly looks fantastic with perhaps only a few optimisation issues. This comes apparent once you have the vehicles, as terrain is prone to popping in when you go at speed which takes away from your immersion occasionally, hopefully this is something they can fix (this is on normal graphics, with a relatively good gaming PC). This coupled with the occasional bad textures but overall the graphical fidelity is excellent.What Subnautica does do well is create an environment where you feel alone and struggle to survive, but also has suprises at every turn. You will be amazed by the environement and the different creatures that inhabit it. This makes you want to explore but also always have that sense of danger and caution at all times.Subnatica is currently a single player experience. Some other reviewers have mentioned that this game could do with a multiplayer mode, whilst others think this could take away from the experience of feeling alone and stranded in the world. I think a coop mode would benefit this game with the ability to build bases together and explore and experience the world with a friend would prove a great experience.Overall I am having fun with this title and would recommend it to others and look forward to what the developers add to the game as it develops."
76561198070075906,Recommended,264710,20116554,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Scalpotron5000,Awsome game. Gets better at every update.
76561198204756467,Recommended,264710,20160140,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,nealy27,awsome! but i cant find the seaglide in the crafter.
,Recommended,264710,20549203,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Mirryon,Beautiful underwater environment to explore and personally conquer. Highly customizable submarine bases. Submersible vehicles. A real sense of progression in survival mode. A creative pure sandbox mode.This title demonstrates how the genre can be done extremely well and it's not even out of early access yet! Can't wait to get a vr headset and get totally immersed in this gorgeous world! :D
,Recommended,264710,20549355,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,turdshine,It's so perty!
76561197964747352,Recommended,264710,20553003,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Plofkonijn,"Wonderfull game!!!, Dev's doing great things!, Great updates!Its a game that drop you into the moment of surviving underwater,and exploration of a wonderfull world!"
76561198027287680,Recommended,264710,20118545,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,IOFSamsquanch,Siiiiiicccckk
76561198029336816,Recommended,264710,20528603,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,inoxid,"Very interesting and engaging game, and with the latest update it is just crazy beautiful! Sometimes i just sit in my base at night, with my bench next to the window, and watch the bio-luminescent landscapes :)"
,Recommended,264710,20535671,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,❖◈❖Kim⊕Kat❖◈❖,Very good game! Fun and tons to do! And more coming!
76561197982984835,Recommended,264710,20550016,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Bara Tiddy,"Beautiful game. Has some hardware requirements that were a little steep for my system, but fun and gorgeous."
,Recommended,264710,20554310,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,just another nuclear winter,doing good for early access. has been updating and improving consistently and is very pretty. It is also kinda creepy
76561198279405449,Recommended,264710,34744145,Posted: 4 September,all,mrflamie,10/10
76561198284866557,Recommended,264710,31882884,Posted: 21 May,all,jlpross3,awesome game. Lets finish it alread.
,Recommended,264710,32583720,Posted: 19 June,all,Turbulence,Absolutely brilliant game!!! Really enjoy the survival side to it and how it also has a kind of free roam mode. Recomended to anyone that likes survival games. Also really good for younger kids and YouTube content.
76561197996860286,Recommended,264710,32589745,Posted: 20 June,all,OhLookABus,"After a small fix from the forums, game works like a charm, and it's deffinatly not helping my fear of in game water that i've had since super mario 64."
,Recommended,264710,34720358,Posted: 3 September,all,ArnoldSvstaNeGzr,Please add to The Co-op.
76561198212016888,Recommended,264710,34343598,Posted: 18 August,all,Garlic大蒜,好的不得了，不过希望能联机，因为一个人在漆黑的深海里真的慎得慌，而且优化也需要做的更好，总是有些小卡顿，不过总体来说还是很不错的！
76561197965363004,Recommended,264710,25638199,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Pacrage,"This is an amazing game, its dev team is very in touch with the community and I trusted them and they delivered even with it being early access. (Which I stay away from except with very trusted devs.) These guys though made Natural Selection and I know they can deliver.*Beautiful underwater world*Lots of construction choice*Many and more marine life to come*Great for explorative gameplayI recommend this game. Not an action game though its exploration at its best."
76561198222739492,Recommended,264710,29572858,Posted: 29 January,all,jacksonbe1,"Good Game and Good Updates, love it."
76561198366214585,Recommended,264710,34770413,Posted: 5 September,all,Jar Jar Binks,PRETTY G MATE
76561198166740438,Recommended,264710,35193259,Posted: 24 September,all,wecm16,"This is a masterpiece. Truly an example of passionate developers who care about their game. In a world were almost every early access game is a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥cash grab from greedy developers, this is an exception truly worth every penny spent. The game is fantastic, but if you buy it and think not at least you are supporting a team of devs who will use your money to enrich and better the in game experience, rather than for personal gains. 10/10 recommend."
76561198088806421,Recommended,264710,35194815,Posted: 24 September,all,That Guy,"This game is great for exercising your vocal cords, I find myself yelling half the time, the other half I curled up crying while my cyclops slowly gets eaten by 12 different things.I have to say I hate every second of this game mainly due to my crippling fear of the ocean, yet I still have 150+ hours in the game. It could be I hate myself or maybe it's the beautiful graphics mixed in with the terror, but something in this game makes me keep playing. I have to say it's addicting.The story is interesting and even though I already know how it ends I  still want to beat it for myself. And the progression and base building is fun. With most games, I get bored of farming, but it's hard to be bord when your this stressed.I would definitely recommend this game if you like survival or story driven games, and each update makes it run better and makes you cry more.8/10I would give 9/10 if they add co-op because it's that kind of game where you need a friend you can throw into the mouth of a monster chasing you."
76561197960283214,Recommended,264710,35189190,Posted: 24 September,all,Epsilon,"Simply amazing. Only thing missing is multiplayer, duo mode, would be fine. So much more fun exploring the underwater world with a friend to share. Other than that regular updates and amazing atmospheres. Highly recommended. I got plenty of hours in."
,Recommended,264710,35194687,Posted: 24 September,all,DucksOnQuack,Amazing game to sit back and relax with.
76561198068704100,Recommended,264710,31644065,Posted: 9 May,all,FiveNine203,"By venturing into the deep and often dimly-lit unknown, you will learn to control your fear. By solving immediate problems and long-term problems, by determining various ways to get things done, and by contemplating life, you will exercise your brain. By experiencing equal portions of emotional-action, intellectual-action, and physical-action, you will discover that Subnautica is perfect!With Subnautica, game-developer Unknown Worlds takes what would be, in real-life, a terrifying and despondent situation, and transforms it into an educational, thrilling, and vastly rewarding video-game!"
76561198056558901,Recommended,264710,31485178,Posted: 1 May,all,Captain Ferret,"1 hour in the game:OMG I'm swimming in 20 meters deep, and i have a lamp! I'm the best!10 hours in the game:Pppfffff 600 meters deep.... i guess i'll go deeper and i'll build a base."
76561198057659044,Recommended,264710,20514313,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,lurch1066,good game if you give it  a chance.
76561198083521438,Recommended,264710,20514864,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,PapaLionKing,"AMAZING! obviously bious is present because all my life i have loved the ocean but still thsi game is just fantastic. the amount of different environments that are present in the game is just astounding. the game is just gorgeous. every ounce of it. from the different creatures present in the game to the plant life to something as simple as seeing the sunlight peer through the water from deep down, its all just gorgeous. also might i add horrifying. the way the game uses sound is incredible! hearing cries off in the distance is so unsettling but at the same time sounds so cool! obviously there are some annoyances here and there. varous occasional graphical glitches can distract slightly and extreme pop-up is present on lower graphics settings. also some minor annoyances as far as gameplay but hopefully those will be dealt with eventually, which is why it is very nice that the developers include a way to send feedback about the game to them without even having to close your gameor stopping play any longer that it takes you to type out your messages. all in all, an amazing work in progress and i cant wait for more updates! couldnt recomment it more! 10/10"
,Recommended,264710,20534130,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Siminz,10/10 would kill my sanity from deep waters again
,Recommended,264710,20551306,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,『Иight_Fal∫en,best game EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198192628181,Recommended,264710,20554042,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ʎʇᴉʇuƎ-lɐɔᴉssɐlƆ,"I recommend that people should play this but this is in my opinion. ""Dear developers please add a teleporter so we don't need to go back and forth? :) But all in all this game I recommend! :)"
76561197986608396,Recommended,264710,19950907,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Tombadong,If you threw minecraft in the middle of the ocean and added a dash of tech you would get this game. Gameplay and atmosphere is pretty solid and smooth for early access and the amount of things for one to discover is pretty staggering. Graphics are fantastic even on an outdated 760 and the controls are simple that you can get into it 10 mins easily.Cons are few but I would mainly say they're things found in the interface like the inability to view/change controls in game or even quit to the main menu. This is likely to be fixed in future versions though so nothing game changing.10/10 would recommend. Clothing optional.
76561197969687669,Recommended,264710,19951268,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Scelous,"Subnautica is in the same category as Don't Starve, that category being early access games that are actually worth supporting.  The consistency and amount of content that the developers provide in updates is very impressive and makes me glad I purchased this game."
76561198131018298,Recommended,264710,19961148,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,D3ZIQN KILL3R,I had this game on my Mac but the framerate was too low for me to enjoy. An amazing game for PC users and a tonn of stuff to craft and explore. definately suggest this as a purchase
76561198065898257,Recommended,264710,19967358,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,cTuck,8/10 so far. Going to be a great game it seems.
76561198272666630,Recommended,264710,35098830,Posted: 20 September,all,Snaric,i seen this game on steam and thought it looked good but it was so much more then that. it was so cool and well put together and i had/ am having amazing time with it. it gets so scary when you have to dive down but you get rewarded.. unless the ghosts get you. 10/10 would suggest to any survival game go getter. 10/10 survival  mechanics. even though its pre release this game is amazing and just over worth the time and money.
,Recommended,264710,35140315,Posted: 22 September,all,Salliemaej,Love this game!
,Recommended,264710,33644031,Posted: 18 July,all,hc20,"Brought up my concerns in a discussion on the community hub, and to my suprise, some devs reasponded! They told me that they were adressing the optimization and framerate issues.Anyways, the game is so fun. It has beautiful graphics too."
76561197998922096,Recommended,264710,34795817,Posted: 7 September,all,custume,What can I say ...Is a great gameHave a great communityDevs that careConstant updatesGood storyGreat open world to explore
,Recommended,264710,34981616,Posted: 15 September,all,[MONGO]Thundershocker44,It has a Nice atmosphare
,Recommended,264710,35151176,Posted: 23 September,all,LaRZy,8.5/10
76561198170353955,Recommended,264710,29614172,Posted: 31 January,all,Faungirl,"I've personally found Subnautica to be a graet pastime, aswell as being extreamly addictive. When you accomplish somthing so simple like building your first ship, or being scared for the first time by one of the Reaper Leviathans, it feels great!"
76561197966987251,Recommended,264710,35173983,Posted: 24 September,all,Sonya - Wins,This is the best survival sandboxy thing. It is good to explore. It runs like total♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198236987982,Recommended,264710,35197532,Posted: 24 September,all,blade899hawk,my only dislike with this game is the glitches other then that this game is absolutely worth it i have been playing t for a long time
76561198076745859,Recommended,264710,31551322,Posted: 4 May,all,Eximius,"This is my first time reviewing a game, so please keep that in mind. Honestly, I don't do reviews, but after seeing some of the feedback for the new ""Silent Running"" update, I had to throw my ballot in.I LOVE THIS GAME. For those of you who enjoy the survival genre, this game is a must. A lot of love has gone into this game, and it truly is what an early access game should be. After seeing hundreds of other early access games come and go, I have since boycotted them in general, but this game does it right, with constant updates, feedback, and optimization, I truly cannot wait for this game to be completed.Now. I love this game, and I LOVE this update, it truly does nothing but improve the game, in all respects, and I shall explain why in my overall review.Graphics: This game has great graphics, although I can't imagine anything but the top end pc's will get away with running this game on max without lag due to the sheer density of the world, however this may change as the game has seen a number of optimizations that have made it a lot smoother, and may see more. While this game may not have the raw graphical complexity of some of the better games of this day and age, the quality, and semi-cartoonish approach makes this game look great on all graphical presets.Music: For the most part, you are left with ambient sounds, but on occasion, you will trigger some music. The scores in this game hit you hard, as they incredibly well timed, and really help immerse you in awe of your surroundings, be they beautifull, or terrifying. I have many hours in this game, starting anew when big updates come out, and I still do not bore of the music.Gameplay: The premise is one you've heard before: you are left abandoned to fend for yourself, and must collect resources to survive your environment. What this game does amazingly well, however, is immerse you in this world, and make the threats feel real, and personal, even withouth the VR. I will never forget swimming too far, then looking down to see nothing but the black abyss, and truly, the sheer terror of nothingness overtook me. Or playing without the object indicators on (which I highly reccomend) and realizing you are lost. Hearing the roar of a Reaper Leviathan, but not seeing it, and fleeing for your damned life, making promises about how you will be more carefull next time, and oh god, I am so sorry I will be good, I promise, please, please don't kill me and destroy my ship!I could go on for hours about the immersion, the thrill of discovery, the anguish of loss. And that's what this game brings to the table. Emotion, entertainment, wonder. Subnautica is an experience, on top of having a surprisingly interesting untold story going on in the background for those who explore, and pay attention, something I find lacking in many AAA titles nowdays.I reccomend this game to anyone, especially for the price. Maybe you buy it now, or maybe you wait till it's complete, and save yourself for the whole experience on your first run through.And now, for my thoughts on the update. This will be a bit of a ramble, so appologies in advance.I will start out by saying that I had been rendered completely dumbfounded when I found people complaining about the update, that it added diffuculty to the game, and it ""ruined the experience."" While I do respect that there are different types of gamers, who want different things from their games, I do find this a bit silly, considering that there is a mode (creative) specifically designed for a relaxed experience. My fear, however, is that the wonderfull devs will see this feedback, and in fear of losing an audience, revert the changes.This to me, is absurd, and almost incomprehensible to me. After playing the game for MANY more hours than my account will state (playing offline, and on different accounts/computers), I noticed that after a certain point, (specifcally getting the cyclops, arguably even the seamoth) the game becomes obscenely easier, to the point where you lose the respect for the ocean, and its dangers that enthralled you before. The world still is so awe-inspiring that you are pulled to explore and reach your limits inside of it, but the danger becomes neglible. In some games this may be okay, however, I would argue that the entire point of a survival type game is always to ""survive"", and if that is no longer a challenge, then you are only there for the ride. Not to say that this is a major problem either, there are many games where the world itself is the source of entertainment- take the GTA series, or Just Cause 2 and 3. This game however, advertises as a survival game, and taking that away takes away from the experience. Finding a new biome shouldn't just sum up to lazily breezing through all of it's content in an invincible submarine, then saying ""k that was neat"" and being over it within 5-10 mins. Compare that to finding the entrance to a biome, then scurrying back to your base, collecting supplies, and planning out a grand expedition where the danger is real; you may be forced to turn back if you don't supply yourself enough, or maybe you run the devastating loss of your ship which you toiled over to make, your pride and joy! Now you have to make another one, and mount a new expedition to recover your losses, and try again.The danger creates content that otherwise would never have been there. It brings real emotions to an experience, makes losses hurt more, and victories mean more, upgrades become meaningfull, and it creates investment into the game, allowing for an infinitely more rewarding experience. In my opinion, this update has been nothing but a love letter to the game, and it's genre, and I hope for nothing but more great updates like this one.Sorry for the long, rambly post, I love this game, and I hope it continues in the direction it is in. Great job!"
,Recommended,264710,34542436,Posted: 27 August,all,ihaveallthecoins,Very immersive and impossible to stop playing. Updates can render your sea base obsolete but the game is still in early access. I'm done untill it is finished. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,264710,34542465,Posted: 27 August,all,ooko0,This game is truely an adventure and it is so well done.  I only wish that it could at least be co-op.  The game is beautiful and so addicting to play.
76561198040569417,Recommended,264710,34543004,Posted: 27 August,all,TheAnteatr,"This game is fantastic! It's beautiful, serene, terrifying, and very easy to get sucked into. The story develops nicely over time, and the game doesn't end up feeling like a grind to move forward. I would absolutely say this game is well worth buying."
76561198114576426,Recommended,264710,34546470,Posted: 27 August,all,ichinalu,"When playing creative, I can easily spend several hours at once just swimming around the vast beautiful ocean that the developers have created for us. When playing survival however, I need someone else with me to keep me sane. The sheer 'terror factor' that this games has is incredible. On one hand Subnautica is a facinating world to explore and have fun, yet at the same time, you need to always keep in mind all the different elements of suriving in a (majority) underwater landscape.I can recommend Subnautica to both people who like to simply explore and build and to those who wish to know what it's like to fear the ocean and need to watch every shadow above you. Truely great game and I have loved watching it grow and keep getting better. :)"
,Recommended,264710,34546537,Posted: 28 August,all,Legopilot,"It's a great game but sometimes, it crashes"
76561198136057940,Recommended,264710,34548533,Posted: 28 August,all,Kui.Fate,"Want an online version, bought for a long time, dare not play, very scary"
,Recommended,264710,34551273,Posted: 28 August,all,Spooky_Narwhal,Its still got its bugs but over all a very impresive take on ocean survival my favrote survival game right now im glad i have been around for most of the development. I would do not regreat buying it.
76561198002403973,Recommended,264710,34552227,Posted: 28 August,all,Super Zat,best survail crft game oit there
,Recommended,264710,34647726,Posted: 31 August,all,t h i c c d a d j e r i,"this game was quite spectacular. as I played through it, I took my time to scan most of the fauna in the ""safe zone"" as it is called in the console and you people put alot of effort into each plant and animal's design, description, etc. Thank you for a good time and i will surely revisit this game multiple times in the future."
,Recommended,264710,34648697,Posted: 31 August,all,enderking470,"I love this game but i would defiently recomend that it has some more graphic options for some of the low end machines, i have to torture through 20 fps with my low end, a simple ""low qual water"" option would be nice... other than the unoptimized low end pc preformance it has to be one of the best early access games out there."
76561198036069084,Recommended,264710,34648483,Posted: 31 August,all,Yardy,I think this is a well developing game and haven't encountered any bugs with it.
,Recommended,264710,28844488,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Crystal,Great Game!
76561198279809530,Recommended,264710,34160419,Posted: 10 August,all,Ccfgvggfffffc,SCARY AS HELL
,Recommended,264710,25133709,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Evrae,"Calling this game an underwater clone of Minecraft would be an insult.The world is beautifully crafted and very diverse when it comes to environments, when you say you have an open exploration game on the bottom of the sea some people may think it could turn boring. But the devs really made some funky biomes that really are quite captivating.The base building is also quite fun and allows you to really make something that stands out and keeps u going for hours."
,Recommended,264710,15496648,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Chairdolf Sitler,"Started game, sees ship, hears ships A.I. begin to talk, ignores, continues to go twards, ship explodes, screams and throws mac across room. At least the mac was already crap, because it was a mac, hurr durr 10/10"
,Recommended,264710,30609863,Posted: 19 March,all,Skrenja,"Great fun, though it really dies off after the 12ish hour mark and suffers from MAJOR perfomance problems. I wish I could give it a half thumbs up.This game is very addicitng and even scary at times, diving into the water your first time is straight up nerve racking. However, after you've built your first base the game really slows down. After I have a fully sustainable solar powered base, what's the point? Don't I want to NOT go down into the depths if at all possible?It's a problem most survival games have. The game needs an end goal or story to circumvent this. The fact that enemy creatures only spawn in certain locations doesn't help. It ruins the tension after you learn this. After a certain amount of hours, enemies should have a chance to spawn anywhere. This would up the ""holy sh*t"" factor up by 10,000%.Performance. The single worst part about this game. I have a GTX 1080, i7 6700K and 32gb of ram. My framerate will go from 100 to single digits in a matter of seconds. There is no excuse for that to be happening on my system. There is something seriously wrong with this engine and it only seems to get worse over longer periods of gameplay.The developer has also stated he doesn't want to add guns. I am fine with that... but even harpoon guns? C'mon man. It only makes sense to add a single shot, high skill harpoon gun for dealing with enemies!Fun, but the perfomance and lack of replayabilty really hamper the experience.7/10"
76561198048988344,Recommended,264710,27273098,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Water, so much water.....10/10"
,Recommended,264710,27274708,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jimbles,"This game is really fun, and terrifying as well. For early access this game is amazing.that is all that needs to be said."
76561198006626759,Recommended,264710,27271471,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mandros,"Very chill and at the same time demanding game, beautiful szenario!"
,Recommended,264710,27272717,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Graysparv,"This game has been through early access for quite some time, but every new content patch brings me back, its quite unique gameplay makes the game worthy of exploring and surviving through patch after patch."
76561198069574673,Recommended,264710,27272735,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"PIZZA, THE HUTT","I was amazed by this game. It had a lot of things i didn't expected when i bought it, such has:- Amazing graphics and well optimized (unlike games like ARK), since an average computer runs it.- Great concept. It is very similar to survival games like ARK, Minecraft,... and altough it doesn't have a tutorial you are able to get used to its mechanics and basics fast.- Lots of content. I feel like this is one of those games where you can get to 500+ hours of playing it and still not get bored.Unfortunatly i haven´t got time to play it often but from those 0.8 hours i've played i have to say that it's an amazing game and if you are in a budget and you want a survival game, this game sould be your priority (games like ARK,Minecraft,... can be a litlle bit expensive)."
,Recommended,264710,27272944,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ZeroDesigner™,"Subnautica offers an open world exploration, mainly underwater. Eventhough this game is an early access game, the developers are very dedicated, keeping this game updated almost constantly if you opt for experimental. They keep adding new elements, upgrading biomes, and right now I think they are working on the storyline and its elements. I cannot wait for this game to complete!Keep sending feedback because it helps this game grows! Shoutout for Subnautica!"
76561198161832070,Recommended,264710,35267336,Posted: 28 September,all,imjustchilling,This is amazing! I've played for almost 7 hours and I've barely scratched the surface!  The sound and environment design is perfect and incredibly immersive in VR.  Thanks so much for all the hard work guys you're doing an amazing job!
,Recommended,264710,27274494,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Angoratatouille,"I'd been looking for a good, immersive underwater game (tried others: FarSky, Depth Hunter 2, Depth), but nothing compares to the quality I found in Subnautica. It's truly hard to believe the game is in Early Access (with regular monthly updates).The science-fiction setting makes it all the more interesting to me, because it opens the doors for more freedom of creativity, with amazing-looking alien fauna and flora to discover while exploring the beautiful underwater landscape. The feeling of being underwater pervades throughout the game, with realistic sound effects and colorful visuals.The elements of exploration and survival are strong, with a taste of mystery, as you're trying to find out what happened to the crew of your crashed spaceship, with parts of the ship and lifepods spread out all over on the sea bed.Gameplay options allow you to choose the degree of survival difficulty, including a creative mode if you want to build stuff without having to worry about dying or unlocking technologies.Bottomline, I absolutely love this game, and I'm looking forward to it being finished."
76561198175378487,Recommended,264710,22872488,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,MDP,I really enjoy this game
,Recommended,264710,22873328,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,rokmcBamm,"Simply amazing. A game development team should be this way.Instead of overcharging customers with ridonkulous prices-(ahem) 2K (ahem) Activision (Ahem)-other game development firmscould learn a thing or two from Unknown Worlds' Subnautica team.Within two days of buying the game purely out of curiousity,I realized this early access game is not really in its early access stagebecause the game is already near perfection.Regardless of its near-flawless state, the teamseems to be continuously improving the game on a regular basis,which is not a quality easily found.Even more so, the dev team seems to be consisted of memberswho not only are creative and brilliantbut also possess genuine interest, devotion, and motivation to further improve the game.I see great potential in the game and the developers.I am truly inspired by these guys and I wish them best of luck on this project.If I were to ever enter a game development career path,this is the game I want to work on,and this is the development team I want to work with."
,Recommended,264710,35253310,Posted: 27 September,all,Bovius,My longing for the ocean distilled into a game.
76561198049411591,Recommended,264710,35254201,Posted: 27 September,all,Karamazov,"9/10Gameplay: 10/10 An immersive survival adventure. Your challenges change depending on game mode. Exploration is rewarding and frightening in turns.Story: 8/10 Good story, player makes his or her own decisions.Design: ?/10 I enjoyed the game in a genuine way and yet was frustrated by issues with balance and optimization. (will edit after 1.0!)"
,Recommended,264710,35162877,Posted: 23 September,all,[L.M.B 2nd S.L] Spooker West-468,"One at first glance would wonder why Subnautica is tagged ""Horror.""I say to you this:Go into the Void.With or without a vehicle.Do it with a PRAWN suit.You will regret it."
76561198350629817,Recommended,264710,35167055,Posted: 23 September,all,andrewkr,"Really fun game worth my money,could use some updating like to add workshop but fun to play."
76561198056985339,Recommended,264710,35170777,Posted: 23 September,all,lisa_zim,This game is amazing and just when you think they can't make it any better a new update comes out and it is AMAZING! I have spent sooo many hours playing this game and its still not dull! Recommend to anyone who is thinking of having a go!
76561198139046910,Recommended,264710,35179845,Posted: 24 September,all,Des,I love this game alot something i really wish it offered tho was multiplayer. even if its just 2 players and someone has to host it via their computer so the devs dont need to host servers etc.that would really bring me back to the game.playing alone is quite boring now as its very repeating on the processes in advancing forward.Still Besides That Its An Amazing Game
76561198094048715,Recommended,264710,16771392,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,i am cancer,"It was pretty good, and for some reason I spawned inside the Aurora. I died a few times after that, and from sea monsters, but overall, it was a good game"
76561198327541368,Recommended,264710,35240914,Posted: 27 September,all,wildirishrose,I have died MULTIPLE times and still love this game.10\10 Would die again.
76561198275762854,Recommended,264710,32391882,Posted: 13 June,all,kl1165010127,its great just laggy
,Recommended,264710,23885498,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,dwarf_toss,"Using stable build.Absolutely beautiful and at times terrifying dive into the ocean of an alien world. Crafting elements and tons of exploration, but no story or campaign yet. It looks nice on lower settings, but in full experimental mode glory it is quite the experience. Just make sure you have at least 16 GB RAM if you plan on using the terraformer much (being removed soon). Also, not uncommon for terraformer gamesaves to get into the GBs, so plan accordingly. In general, it'll take a fairly decent rig to run this one at highest settings, though some with beast rigs are still experiencing hitching and the sort of things one expects in a sandbox without loading screens (or worse). Pop-in happens pretty much all the time unless you use console commands (but I can't seem to get it to work).This game also happens to be one of the scariest I have ever played. At least at first.The terraformer is being removed (soon?) so that the game can run decently on a range of PCs and consoles. This and some general opimization should make it a better running game. Unknown Worlds has been very good about frequent updates.If you want to (mostly?) relax in an alien ocean full of (predacious) creatures amd gorgeous scenery, buy now. If you want a great campaign and endgame add it to wishlist, follow, and wait a while. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,264710,34164926,Posted: 11 August,all,ッ_PAP0_ッ,"Hey l, that's pretty good...... Really fun to play and I love it since I scuba dive that's the reason i bought this game. But the fps isnt that good. But the developers are fixing it rn. 9/10. Would give 10/10 if the fps would be fixed"
76561198290137298,Recommended,264710,34448878,Posted: 23 August,all,The moistly man,This game is amazing and will continue to get more amazing. I see potential for this game recomend it for anyone who likes exploration games and free roam games 10/10
,Recommended,264710,32690794,Posted: 23 June,all,captainhahnsolo,"If you like to explore expansive underwater ecosystems, then this is the game for you. This is not a point-n-shoot game. Most of the time, if you go 1-on-1 with a hostile creature, you will lose. I spent the first hour of the game getting stabby with one of the less dangerous creatures before I realized they wont bother you if you feed them. You need to out-think the hostile creatures, not stab them.There are still quite a few bugs that I run into regularly, but that's what I have come to expect in Early Access games. None of them are truly annoying if you remember to save often(no auto-save). Sometimes there are harvestable resources that become invincible, but you can easily use the console to spawn the items yourself when that happens. There is basically no bug that I couldn't fix manually via the console.Developers are releasing new content regularly. Just bought the game around 2 months ago, a couple days after a content release, and now there has been a new content release just a day or so ago."
76561198307356949,Recommended,264710,33970714,Posted: 2 August,all,Sneezdel,This game can be very fun because it is not like any other survival game. It has a new aspect to survival because you are under water and have other things to worry about instead of worrying about the zombies getting into your base. This game is a great idea. The one downside is that it can get extrememly repetitive and drive you to hating the game.
,Recommended,264710,29693451,Posted: 4 February,all,sunny milk,the game is great but sadly the latest update cant be played on my crappy comp
,Recommended,264710,31753456,Posted: 14 May,all,TheGingerbreadMan,"I generally don't do reviews just cuz i forget to, but this game is super hecka good. i got it back when it like first came out and it keeps getting better and better! I decided to start a new game cuz i haven't REALLY played since the nap time update."
76561198338089218,Recommended,264710,31449723,Posted: 29 April,all,Lemmy Koopaling,"Awesome Game, I Didnt Regret Buying It When It Was On Sale. The Creature Designs Overall Are Awesome , Story Is Well Put Together; It's Just A Really Fun Game To Play And I'd Reccomend It If You Like Survival-Ish Games."
76561198385010848,Recommended,264710,35116209,Posted: 21 September,all,TheVault_Dweller,"A colorful vibrant world full of mystery, and much to learn. A great story (that can be confusing at first).  My favorite exploration/ survival game!"
76561198144868456,Recommended,264710,35133988,Posted: 22 September,all,Burx,Fun to play!Päris hea mäng ja tore aega veeta sellega. Väga huvitav sisu ja tunde avastamist ja möllamist. Kes ookeanit ei karda ja meeldib ellujäämis mängud siis soovitan!
76561198099500683,Recommended,264710,35166568,Posted: 23 September,all,Kitty_DOGECLAN,"it seems like a great game... unfortunetly im a ""coward"" im too scared ot swim around when its dark, and i sadly dont seem to have the adventurour nature of a child anymore, nor am i mature enough ot not get scared... ok im talking too much, good game, think before oyu buy, and has ominous noises"
,Recommended,264710,35338777,Posted: 30 September,all,Jinxed.Stormrage,найс гамалака
,Recommended,264710,25299552,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Forgoten_Legend,"this game oh my god it has soo much potential i cant even think of them all... i have been playing for a while now and the creativity for this game is unthinkable, it is so well planed out and smooth.i highly recomend this game it will be soon one of the best survival games ever.  keep on doin good here devs :)its worth it XD"
,Recommended,264710,31419832,Posted: 28 April,all,Wolf903,"One of the best survival games I have ever played by far, every update sucks me into the game even more. If I had the VR set it would have been even more great.Edit: Also, I know that co-op won't be in the game but I have  a suggestion. What about adding the co-op/Multiplayer as a DLC? I'm actually willing to pay for the dlc for co-op, or like some people have said. Allow Subnautica to be modded by people, like skyrim and etc."
76561198013996826,Recommended,264710,31420631,Posted: 28 April,all,F.R.H.,A W E S O M E !!! i can build my submarine to go into ocean depths to kill any alien species instead of identifying it and cataloging itGet Out Jacques Cousteau !!Human Uber Alles !!
,Recommended,264710,25097048,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,jx2narvs,"Here I am searching for the Cyclops parts round the Aurora and then i hear a roar in the distance followed by the Earthquake, I turn around and I see not one but TWO Reapers. My seamoth only had 20% energy left but I panicked and didnt have time to go into the direction of my seabase. I proceed to go into the Mountain Biome where there are even more goddamn reapers. Needless to say, I quit the game and didnt even save it. 10/10 would brown my pnts again."
,Recommended,264710,25020146,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Daddy_Cosmos,i cant get enough of this game and its beautiful wild life. Plus there adding more cool places and mobs. so excited!!
76561198057142927,Recommended,264710,25299253,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ElectroVeeDub,"If you do not buy this game, you are RIPPING YOURSELF OFF of what every gamer desires most... pixelated, immersive, deep, bliss...Subnautica is simply gorgeous and worth far mor than the asking price.I suggest you grab a bong... this game is trippy as fu(k..."
76561198216711543,Recommended,264710,35362765,Posted: 30 September,all,polanda,"This is aa great game, few bugs but great. I could play for hours. :D"
,Recommended,264710,24024596,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Prince ♕ Stellar,I love fish
,Recommended,264710,34577348,Posted: 29 August,all,UltraNinja,I have been waiting to buy this game forever! I finally have it and i am very impressed with the game. It has improved so much since it first came out. I just got the game and i pulled an all nighter and i absolutley love this game. If they add co op then that would be pretty good. out of all my playtime i only found 1 or 2 ugs and that`s it!10/10 top notch
,Recommended,264710,16299327,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,J1r2000,"10/10Subnatica is a open world survival and exploration game. playing thIs game when I first got it was like a glass of salt water with the vast ocean that feels indefinite, the feeling of the massive nukular sized explosion when you first land, the feeling when you see the safe shallows for the first time it was magical. i got this game back in may of 2015. I stoped playing not out of bordom but out of respect for the developers it was the first time that I felt like I NEEDED to play it in its full state next time I played because it felt like there was something missing and at first I thught it was multi-player but looking at the game in it's currnt state made me realize adding multiplayer to subnatica would ruin the feeling you get when playing, the feeling you get from the story those moments when you feel alone. any every time to find some thing your friends being there would actuly take away from the experience of find that thing for the first time. the dev spend so much time shaping the world, the ocean may not be endless but it shure feels natural when you play."
76561198197567566,Recommended,264710,35318330,Posted: 29 September,all,m.dom.vit,"So i've recently switched from xbox to PC (well more stuck in the middle between them) and wow this game is amazing on here! (xbox not so much). The ambiance is elite in this game. With headphones, I feel like something is behind me at all times, and thats a good thing! The sea is a scary♥♥♥♥♥place..So far this game is my favorite survival/exploration title. Check it out!!"
76561197983086427,Recommended,264710,35321889,Posted: 29 September,all,nice garry,8/10Didn't know I had a fear of open ocean until playing this game-1 for frame rate issues
,Recommended,264710,28876320,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lego,"As we reach the end of Subnautica's early access and development phase, we look forward with hope to what I am sure will be a splendid open-world adventure. In the earliest days, the game already had potential, with beautiful animation, inventive gameplay features, and an unparalleled atmosphere. As it progressed, the lore we had been waiting for was revealed, and it certainly was worth it. No doubt there are some performance issues as a result of a demanding series of computer reuisites, but in light of all the glitches, low frames, and more stands what can and most likely will be one of the best games of this year."
76561198130479622,Recommended,264710,35270161,Posted: 28 September,all,Ravioli Ravioli,"Nice game , and a good sandbox. Nice sounds and image.8/10"
76561197993828619,Recommended,264710,32175255,Posted: 4 June,all,Cypher,"If this game were co-op it'd be all I ever played.It's still great, sometimes terrifying often times beautiful. I just wish I could play it with friends...Definitely worth it."
,Recommended,264710,34508541,Posted: 26 August,all,Million Ants,Very Ocean. Many Spook
76561197993157082,Recommended,264710,35418826,Posted: 2 October,all,aichouse,I cant tell how many times I have replayed this game... More and more interesting each time. Great great game
76561198335505263,Recommended,264710,35506226,Posted: 5 October,all,spike9666,Game has been fantastic even before there were any story elements involved. Game has shown tons of progress by the developers unlike a lot of early access games.
76561198247035402,Recommended,264710,34134230,Posted: 9 August,all,KINETIC COUCH POTATO,best exploration game in my opinion.
,Recommended,264710,34135106,Posted: 9 August,all,Th3 Fr3shSc0p3r,In my top 5 survival games
76561197961338471,Recommended,264710,35506944,Posted: 5 October,all,Tango,Beautiful game.
76561198060612816,Recommended,264710,35505473,Posted: 5 October,all,"Essence, Evolution","This is one of the most amazing survival/exploration games I've ever played and definitely makes my top 5 games of all time.  The immersion of this game is some of the best in any exploration game out there. While the optimation is not the best right now and I get some real stutter when loading areas sometimes (On medium graphics to and a computer well able to handle it at high) and certain biomes, the game has been one of the most enjoyable games to explore that I've ever played so far. I think it took me 50-60 hours to roughly get to the end of the game and this game is well worth the asking price in my opinion. If you enjoy survival or exploration games then this game really is a must play. A fair word of advice, I'd suggest you try to wait for the game to be released or let them add as much content as possible as it really does the game that much deeper when you first [i[dive[/i] into it. That and updates also help make the game run smoother and iron out a few large bugs that are around or happen from some of the larger updates."
76561198169507191,Recommended,264710,35506510,Posted: 5 October,all,StoNed_SwiFtY,there is nothing bad to be said about this game just give them your money and enjoy!!!
,Recommended,264710,35506871,Posted: 5 October,all,Commander Ghost,I love this game
76561198271723515,Recommended,264710,35506905,Posted: 5 October,all,mellis05,Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198191328369,Recommended,264710,35506148,Posted: 5 October,all,Sheepman,"Awesome game, love the visual aspect of it and even though there are some bugs still a very fun game. Kinda like a horror game sometimes"
,Recommended,264710,35507824,Posted: 5 October,all,Zap,"Ive had hours Of fun with this game, it is also a bit scary at some points. The story is just amazing, and be sure to read all of the crews recordings its semi vital to the story."
,Recommended,264710,31437655,Posted: 29 April,all,Pickled Geek,Incredible game. Incredible gameplay. Incredible possibilities. Endless fun.
,Recommended,264710,31439169,Posted: 29 April,all,ArexLime,"The Devs are such amazing people, we should all applaud them on their work."
76561198014042570,Recommended,264710,29884293,Posted: 12 February,all,Blackrain,"Once this game is finished it will be the best openworld underwater builder and exploration games on Steam i can't fully review it as its unfinished but still very playable and highly recommended game if your looking for the underwater experience that isn't about shooting everything insight..Story is about you crashlanding on a water planet aboard a large captialship class science vessel investigating the disappearance of a group of that sent a distress call.Your alone, infected with some kind of strange alien disease that the planets wildlife seem to also suffer, while trying to find a way off the planet and what happened to other survivors you'll discover this planet is no ordinary world with secret alien laboratories and strange and sometimes frightening creatures that live in the deep oceans of the biospheres."
,Recommended,264710,35152430,Posted: 23 September,all,UltimateCharge,"Simple review. Good fun, good story, good mechanics, good graphics and sometimes it is creepy. If i am allowed to write what i wish was in this game, it would be a teleporter that the player can build to get through big bases faster. Thank you for an amazing journey."
,Recommended,264710,35301765,Posted: 29 September,all,Ryuk,"this is the best survivial game i ever had been playing and i will use at least 500 hours on this game, but cant wait untill its out of early acces!"
,Recommended,264710,34255661,Posted: 15 August,all,Craig Ear Bug,"I loved Endless Oceans on the Wii years ago and never really found anything to re-capture that feeling. Until this game. It is utterly wonderful - extremely easy to pick up, gentle in many ways but also with a un-nerving side to it as you go deeper and into more dangerous areas. The devs have really worked out what makes a great game - you can choose your own pace, style of game and really leave the player in charge. I am going out on a limb and saying this could be the best game I have played - at least, in a very long time. I hope the finished game holds true to it's current path. Wonderful."
76561198046945728,Recommended,264710,21736061,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Jolmes,"This is the perfect example of what an early access game should be. The only complaint I have is that the content is currently lacking replayablility - but being that is is early access and It is regularly updated with progressive story elements as well as new features, I will keep coming back to play again. It looks beautiful and plays very well. I'm so excited to see where the story goes and what will be in future updates."
,Recommended,264710,21857151,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,High King Herb,"If you are getting bored with the same Early Access Survival game that gets pumped out every month, consider giving Subnautica a try.It has everything that makes survival games enjoyable, yet throws it all underwater giving it a different feel than most survival games.Worth a buy for sure."
,Recommended,264710,21894345,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Psyflesh,"Probably the best early access game on steam right now, regular updates with awesome new features, great dev support, tone of ocean to explore, amazing crafting mechanics and for the price you get more than a lot of other games in early access stage.This is a must buy for everyone and for £8.99 where's the down side?"
76561197977940063,Recommended,264710,21918323,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Blaine,"Excellent game so far! I am really enjoying the progression of exploration - I was terrified of even the shallows at first and now I am cruising the depths with confidence. Once you get the right mods for your sub, the deep areas DO become accessible and you CAN survive the monsters that lurk there. The sights and sounds are excellent and there is already plenty of content - with lots more to come by the sounds of it."
,Recommended,264710,21919634,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,MatthewOsterberger .,Great game and only in Early Access ! 10/10
,Recommended,264710,23608248,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Conor,"Don't let the early access scare you away. To me there was enough of a game here to be worth more than the 20 dollarsI can say right now the best aspect about this game is the exploration aspect. This has to be the best representation of an explorable ocean in any game I've seen. Its an alien ocean too. Its huge, scary, deep, and full of things that want to murder you.Oh yeah that's the neat thing. The ocean can get REALLY deep. Try looking down while wading water and not being able to see the bottom until you go very far down. It can be terrifying.There is a huge variety of ocean biomes to explore with colorful (or dull depending on what biome you're in) flora and fauna in them ranging from underground caverns with pink jellyfish mushrooms, wastelandic dunes, coral reefs, kelp forests, and crashed remnants of the ship you fell down from and more.As someone who's terrified of open water, this game was a really cool experience. The deep water and alien life really captures the vastness of the ocean, and the scary unknown things that dwell in it."
76561198039718681,Recommended,264710,24994214,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Dr-Shinobi,Finally an Alpha i can say im proud of! Very good experience and intense moments. This is a perfect example for how alphas should look like!
,Recommended,264710,25646318,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,(master dude),"Congradulations, survivor: you have just exceeded your weekly exercise quotient by 500%. Data indicates that swimming was your favorite activity. Be sure to vary your routine for uniform muscle development."
,Recommended,264710,27426100,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BOT Frank,"This i would definetly reccomend, its a survival base game with lots of cool feature and i hope to see more features added to the game"
76561198155273356,Recommended,264710,28157456,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Karxaroth,"Beautifully crafted large world ,very good graphics, immersion,base building.Can't wait for DLCs to come"
76561198027970003,Recommended,264710,28211769,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,SimCog,"A lot of fun while exploring, very unique world and I especially love the sound design. Content is very close to being good enough for a full triple A price."
,Recommended,264710,28673013,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Vacare,"Given the progress I've seen in the updates, I am really looking forward to the final product and release."
,Recommended,264710,31468738,Posted: 30 April,all,MikeHonchoMagic,Subnautica is a game set on expolaration and survival. This is a review on the games storyline so spoilers will be heard. In the begging you are set in the late 20th century when people started colonizing space as you ship past planet 456b or something like that your ship got hit with a mysterious energy and your ship was sent flying towards the planet you were the only survivor. Later in the game you go to an island with coordinates and then after you wait 40 minutes the ship coming to save *spoiler* Blows up by the Ailens giant laser. That's all they have right now but there is many side story's and entrys to find. I really liked subnautica and I still do it's a great game and I recommend buying it.
76561198176452586,Recommended,264710,32664085,Posted: 22 June,all,awing1,Do you like exporation? Do you like uncovering a story little by little? Then get this game. It's pretty well made and the developers release updates pretty steadily.
76561198093348328,Recommended,264710,32664989,Posted: 22 June,all,jax xd,very fun game 10/10
76561198174604693,Recommended,264710,32792574,Posted: 25 June,all,Malto,Really fun. lot's of interesting creatures and things to do
76561198076790914,Recommended,264710,34419378,Posted: 22 August,all,JohnBarzoom,"Hello potential Subnautica Players:With some confidence, I can tell you that Subnautica is one of the most tense, imaginative, and compelling survival games you can purchase. RECOMMENDATION: PLAY THIS GAME WITH HEADPHONES.... By Thor, the sense of underwater immersion is fantastic--if you've ever scuba dived, then this game will appeal to your sense of exploration and wonder, and also terror.... Great tension as you ""sense"" some underwater bogey perhaps swimming up from the depths to take a bite out of your butt. And keep in mind that there is a very smart sci-fi premise here as you crash land on this water world and must discover its many secrets. There's also a bit of a ""Robinson Crusoe"" vibe going on here. In addition, the interface and crafting is simple, clear, and intuitive....After 3-4 hours I was wondering if I had basically seen what the game has to offer--that moment of ""now I see what this game is,"" but I promise there is much more.... Keep improving your gear to go farther and, if you're brave enough, swim DEEPER...Arguably, ""The Forest"" offers some similar depth of game experience, but something about the underwater element in Subnautica is so satisfying that I'd just recommend you try it for yourself...  The Devs are also pretty engaged and offer lots of updates (But please focus on finishing for the love of Zeus).My rig is pretty mid-grade, a GTX 670 with an Intel i7, but it runs the game pretty well on high settings, though you will definatley see jaggingess and screen tears.... NOT fully optimized yet--early access, but it hasn't bothered me.Cheers"
,Recommended,264710,16087922,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Guru,This game is marvelous.
76561198199102846,Recommended,264710,16708799,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,johnlib69,"I love this game! It`s graphics are amazing, awesome creatures, and last but not least the tools are so boss!"
76561198216658332,Recommended,264710,16709621,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,PeanutButterGelly,i spawned in the escape pod and when left it a reaper liviathen spawned right in front of my eyes it was amazing but scary as
,Recommended,264710,17841579,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,backwards,I will never go to the beach again11/10
76561198086953789,Recommended,264710,20491926,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Psychamster,"I loooove this game, when i bought back in 2014 i really didnt think much of it, but now i come back to it in 2016 and its basicly the same game just 100000X better the devs push out updates every day, Would and Have reccomended to anyone who likes open world sandbox games."
76561198011484192,Recommended,264710,20492382,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,[SF] Jaydo,"I spent a whole day with my eyes glued to the screen, playing Subnautica.This game struggles to sell itself in the initial few minutes, as the full depth of its gameplay is not immediately clear, but if you stick through and discover its features then this dynamic open-world survival game becomes very addicting. For example, it is not apparent right away, but there is a terraforming gun you build that lets you modify terrain, allowing you to create islands or caves. You can build a submersible and there are various upgrades for it, including a weapon.The gameplay seems to incorporate the addicting gameplay mechanics of Minecraft: resource gathering, building, exploring. Unlike Minecraft however, I can actually look at this game without throwing up. In fact, Subnautica looks very pleasant, even on the currently recommended medium settings. It has a colorful shiny look to it and the various underwater biomes contain a lot of variety. The same goes for the sound design, which does a very good job at creating atmosphere.Subnautica is the first game in a long time (and in fact the first entertainment medium) that actually made me experience fear rather than startling me with cheap jumpscares (looking at you, Doom 3). I have a bit of a fear of unknown depths as well as of sudden large spaces or objects and I could feel that familiar breathtaking discomfort as I was playing this game. Pretty cool.At the moment of this review, Subnautica does not have a main objective and the only bit of story is: you've crash-landed, good luck. Subnautica succeeds in being interesting without having an objective, but adding some distant goal would complete this game nicely. Something simple, like survive 100 days until rescue and then you get a choice to leave or to stay and continue your marine research. Just tossing ideas. In the end, after you build all the main things there are to build, there is not much left to keep you playing.Keep up the good work, devs! This is a game to remember."
,Recommended,264710,20565361,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,AcAewyr,Buy it you must... Good Game It Is
,Recommended,264710,20755798,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ConGsta16,"I recommend this game because it's awesome, I don't want to give it a bad review because of my experience because the game isn't a bad game at all, it's awesome.My experience:Goes to school, walks for ages to get to nearest GAME store to purchase £15 Steam Gift card, walk all the way back and I purchase Subnautica. I then wait 2 hours to download, then load and it's very laggy. (I have 2GB RAM) I loaded and it said I couldn't play without crashes, so I said ""Ok, I love Subnautica, there'll be a few crashes but oh well"". (I WAS WRONG) Every single time I tried to get into a game it stopped working and crashed. I dislike the fact that a game of this size uses such an immense amount of RAM to run. It's ridiculous.Overall:The game is perfect, I am addicted to YouTube videos on it, it's my favourite game and I love it to bits, but I only recommend it if you ACTUALLY READ THE INFORMATION/REQUIREMENTS! P.s I'm an idiot."
76561198009781128,Recommended,264710,21893938,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Rawketz,This game is tottaly awesome.  If you like survivor games then this is a must.
,Recommended,264710,21915387,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,LlamaGhost,best game ever but hard
76561198068718066,Recommended,264710,21916224,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,sandelsaxman,pretty good game simular to minecraft but better graphics different way of building good enviroment and a lot of places to explore.... you will die...but thats not always to bad...
76561198024940079,Recommended,264710,25453967,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,the1emojimoviefam,like no mans sky 2014 trailler good
,Recommended,264710,25671080,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Dark Phoenix,This game is AWESOME!!!!Every update is making the game better and better.My suggestion is more room types and interior content and maybe even defensive stuff for base with possibly some animals that attack your base and its hull integrity would make this game even better.
,Recommended,264710,27084945,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ɢᴇɴτʟᴇ ᴘυᴘᴘᴇτ,"I can not express how much I love this game, wether its gathering materials to build your massive base, diving into the deep with terror on your mind as you hear the creatures of the deep roaring in the caves, or you're getting stalked by the warpers. The feeling of looking down and seeing nothing but the deep black of the ocean is a spine chilling sight to behold. Sure it can get tedious gathering the materials you need to move on, but thats one of the things that make this game great, forcing your self to leave the comfort zone, and going out at night to get that one item you need to craft something big. Exploring the wreck of the aroura hearing it shake and temble around you, Pieces falling off from a great explosion, Or Diving down to deepest reaches seeing all the beatiful fauna swimming around, glowing in the dark. Not to mention the story, oooo, it's a goodin.Just remember things are going to keep changing, since the game is still in early access, so keep an open mind!"
76561198152136996,Recommended,264710,27419516,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,G@meReaper,"this game was a surreal amazing and curios game, and i cantwait until it is finished"
76561198077838739,Recommended,264710,27423772,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mulix,"Scary, but entertaining"
,Recommended,264710,27869437,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Eddyferrit,"9/10This is without a doubt one of the best early access, or indeed, indie titles i've ever played.The gameplay and controls are incredibly smooth, the graphics are surprisingly beautiful, and the atmosphere is captured brilliantly, despite it being almost exclusively underwater.As it is still in early access, there is obviously a limit to how much content there is, although what is already in the game is very polished and engaging.It is one of the few early access games to regularly get updated, with a big update coming at least once a month and developers are very open to the community, with an excellent section on their website for bug reports, feature voting and production tracking.Subnautica is a fun, atmospheric and well-polished survival/exploration game, which honestly makes you believe you are on an alien world trying to survive in a beautiful, yet dangerous ocean.For only £15, this game is an absolute steal."
,Recommended,264710,28396882,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,vA Psych,"Subnautica is a solo survival game in which you are stranded on a planet filled with water, all alone. This game has a lot of potential with story and I would highly suggest this game to just about everyone. Even those afraid of the ocean. Subnautica has very gorgeous moments, survival in the game is not too hard, but at the same time is no walk in the park. It has that survival aspect some people thrive for, while also at the same time can be extremely scary, as in swimming in a completely dark area, and a huge leviathan coming up behind you and shaking around your Seamoth out of no where can be a scare, especially when you get immersed into the game, which is very easy. Yet at the same time even tho it has those survival aspects, even tho it can be scary from time to time, it has an AMAZING story in progress for anyone looking for that type of game. Very highly suggested game.Subnautica is a very wornderfull game, I bought the game a long time ago when the game was very, very early in the updates, before almost all of the story was developed, before the scanner, before the Sea Dragon Leviathan was even a thing. Watching this game grow as it has, and how fast it has is extremely impressive. Updates are released for this game all the time, and you can play in experimental mode which gives you constant updates, in experimental mode you get to see the game as they are working on it, before the update is released and I think that is phenomenal."
76561198137548791,Recommended,264710,28669868,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,piegofly,"Fun, and very well handled for a game in alpha. If you want a break from running around shooting things, and want to explore in an exciting, tense environment filled with fantastic creatures that captivate and terrify, then I'd give this game a try."
76561198104021636,Recommended,264710,28673821,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Zoeyy,"this is the best game ever you guys do a amazing job but i have a idea will there be base builder to make your own base it will cost to make 1 power cell, wiring kit, 10 titanium ingots, 2 diamonds, and 5 enamald glass. If this is added i will tell all of my friends to buy this game"
,Recommended,264710,30667302,Posted: 22 March,all,Mashmellow,"Great game. Lacking a few things in the building departmet, but great!"
,Recommended,264710,31465149,Posted: 30 April,all,OhGodRun,Its amazing very detailed some bugs still very good recomend you play it
,Recommended,264710,31465363,Posted: 30 April,all,Lord Tydim,I have so much fun playing this game and when I am recording it for a social media whenI stop i am so excited for the next time. This game is gucci
76561198276704042,Recommended,264710,31468688,Posted: 30 April,all,NotoriousTurk91,ABSOLUTELY ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING!!! GREAT GAME 2015-2045!!!
76561198283535061,Recommended,264710,31471952,Posted: 30 April,all,Szechuan King,"I love it, but they really need to fix the crashing problems."
,Recommended,264710,32666044,Posted: 22 June,all,FZoZach,"This game has a ton of content to keep you interested for a long time despite being in early access still. 100% worth the buy, especially when on sale. Only downside is that it is not properly optimized yet so if you have a weak computer you will get low fps"
,Recommended,264710,14050388,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,The Ox King,"THIS. GAME. IS. AWESOME!!!Fun survival gameplay!Awesome exploration!Beautiful Graphics!Intense & mysterious wildlife!And the games only in Early access with so much more to come!What more could you want?!This game is a 1000% recommended YES and worth every dollar!If you wanna see gameplay and some info on the new updates before you make your decision, you can have a look at some videos here:My first impression:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jnEvbkuZI4Update 8 (Newest update at time of this comment): Video 1:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxmsVjB5Xz0Video 2:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYF6jCcImpgBUT SERIOUSLY! BUY THIS GAME IF YOU LIKE EXPLORATION / ADVENTURE AND OR SURVIVAL GAMES!!"
76561197965211443,Recommended,264710,14492917,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,R!0t,"This game is going to be a masterpiece !Took my new sub way down to the depths and saw a beautiful angelic looking creature, that was gliding through the water so majestically, then to my amazement it turned towards me, almost to give me a passby to appreciate its beauty...then is started swimming faster, and faster, then it stopped looking beautiful...then it ♥♥♥♥ing ate my♥♥♥♥♥with no hesitation and killed me before my mind blown but had thought to save the game...many hours lost.  Dont end up like me !! EVERYTHING IS AN ENEMY, and for god sake SAVE YOUR GAME.  And just remember, theres always a bigger fish.."
76561198194176385,Recommended,264710,17187017,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,OrbitalEnd48401,sick game
,Recommended,264710,17626126,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,a defenceless turtle,"start playing at 9 am.turn on console and build whatever the hell you want.look at clock.1 pm.9,000/10 would time travel swim around and say i'm in space again"
,Recommended,264710,17838095,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Cane McKeyton,"Subnautica is a nice shake up to the old survival and base building type of game. The underwater setting changes a lot of your old perceptions of the genera, adding a verticality aspect that you don’t often see survival games.  And the fact that this is an alien ocean and not on Earth means everything is new and strange. It’s not sharks and barracudas you’ll be dodging but alien sea leviathans and exploding alien puffer fish. And even though this is still an early alpha game it looks remarkable. It really does feel like you’ve been dropped into a living aquatic eco system teeming with life. The base building, while not offering much functionality other than being a place to store your loot and breathe fresh air is still very fun and looks amazing both from the outside and inside. I have high hopes for Subnautica. If it can continue to deliver new content, refine its gameplay, and not fall into the same trappings that have doomed many other games of this admittedly quite saturated genera, I’m confident we can have something really special here."
,Recommended,264710,17838191,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Maverix,"I enjoyed the game. It still does need more content than what is available at the moment. (It offers about 10-12 hours worth of good non-repetitive gameplay. It is still good after that although I still feel as even if I have the largest base that took 50 hours to complete, I can't show it off or do anything besides look at it becuase of the fact it doesn't have multiplayer. There are two ways this could go:1) Multiplayer with just the survival aspect similar to Dayz would be AWESOME. A lot more content, lots of survival tools and building blocks and the inability to snipe people from 800 meters off would provide great fun for hours. My favorite option.2) Single player but in need of WAY more content to keep a player busy without needing friends to play with. Quests, mysteries, things similar to fallout. This would also be a great route to go as well.Either way, this is the start of a great game and the first of it's kind (That I know of). Please continue to provide good updates and mysteries for the player to keep himself busy with. Also, please fix the bug where my Cyclopse spawns in the sky after I log back in after a save :P"
76561197988563831,Recommended,264710,20491041,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,LeakySandwich,Much awesome! i've spent more time in this game than most other AAA games! and I havent even been everywhere.
76561198259503894,Recommended,264710,20565032,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,YOOHOO LAMSY,"Went to the giant ship for supplies,got blown up and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by godzilla11/10"
76561198062199637,Recommended,264710,21736301,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,John Blake,"great game for the money and in order to review this i feel like a pro and con list is the best formatPROS:1.) As the game progresses the crafting system continues to grow into a more complex set of        crafting recipies which gives the game depth2.) Devs are pretty good about updating the game semi-frequently so if you run out of interesting things to do then theres usually an update around the corner3.) The devs continue to add a storyline to the game which allows you to further immerse yourself beyond just the exploration and crafting4.) There are plenty of vehicles to construct and each of them is unique which allows the player to enjoy exploration in more than just one way5.) Graphics compared to the other survival aqua styled games is actually much better in subnauticaCONS:1.) There are definitely framerate issues at times, the cosistency of the fps is at some times frustrating and prone to dropping down to no fps even with good specs for your computer2.) While the devs update the game they sometimes seem more focused on content alone rather than trying to make big improvements in the framerate and sometimes the bugs that occur. although i understand that not everything is possible to fix right away3.) This is less of a con and more of a personal complaint, but the game drops you in this world with many hostile creatures and in the beginning tells you that due to a masacre previous to your arrival on the planet you cant create anything that can kill other than a knife. so all the giant creatures you come across the best thing you have to defend yourself is a torpedo that shoots them awayThoughts: overall the game is still a must buy, so if you are ok with inconsistent framerate every once in a while, then this game is for you and that should be one of your only problems."
,Recommended,264710,21870569,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Tactical_Soup,very fun game with so much potential. For being an early access game the devs release updates fairly quickly
,Recommended,264710,23074723,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Goddess,The best game I have played so far
76561198158339845,Recommended,264710,23271363,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,martyysmart,"As a person who LOVES sandbox and open world games, I'm having so much fun playing Subnautica. The game is early access at the moment so it feels a bit unfinished, but it's still really enjoyable (+ the devs update it pretty often). I think there'll be gamepad access sometime in the future, which I know some people would've preferred, but the ordinary PC controls work very well in my opinion (as someone who usually uses gamepad)."
,Recommended,264710,24715621,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Jesus Cat (Fwyrl),"Having played this game for I almost 100 hours, I think I should probably leave a review for the game.I don't usually leave reviews for games, and I only leave reviews for real extremes; good or bad. With that said, this is in the extremly good part of the spectrum.PROs:-Great dev team-Amazing atmosphere-Deep gameplay (yep - pun intended)-Large, intricate, beautiful map-Feels aliveCONs:-Map is not generated, is static-Game updates ""slowly"".-Heavy game (difficult to run)In Depth (I could do this all day):-Great Dev Team:The devs are on the public discord server constantly, and are readily open about as much as they know about the game and it's development, past, present, and future. They interact with the community lots on the forums as well, and are a great bunch.-Amazing Atmosphere (Get it? It's underwater? Haha..? No? Aww :( ):The game is *REALLY* immersive. If I had do describe the game in one word it would be atmospheric. It sucks you in, and you *feel* the depths as they open up below you, you pant as you swim for your life from a Stalker, and you shiver upon hearing the Reaper's roar. The world feels truely alien, and it's terrifying. I normally go into open world games with the mindset that I am not in the game, and act accordingly. If I die, I have a backup save. Not so with Subnautica. Subnautica makes me feel as if I AM the character, and that death will really mean something. And, below all the excitement of the day-to-day living in Subnautica, there's an eery feeling that you just don't belong...-Deep Gameplay:I'll admit when I first picked this up, after the first 25 minutes of pure awe at how beautiful and immersive this game is, I started questioning my brother (who had introduced me to the game) what I should de. He (thankfully) replied that I should figure out what to do. Now, almost 100 hours later, I've spent over two and a half real life days in that save file and I'm still learning about the world, still building, and I'm not even close to done. The goal of the game is exploration, never forget that.-Large Intricate, beautiful map:The devs have hand-crafted Subnautica's map, which means that the whole thing is absolutly stunning. There's soaring mountains, plunging valleys, cliffs, ravines, islands, caves, and so much more. And every bit of it looks great. The map is way more detailed than you could ever hope to get from a generated map.-The game feels alive:The whole game feels like a living, breathing system. The preditors eat the prey, the prey repopulate, and show up again. As preditors move around on the map following large groups of fish, the populations change over time. The same ocours for plants, if the player harvests them. And the player can effect the preditor/prey balance too: Killing a lot of local preditors will result in an increase in the local fish population, and eating a bunch of fish will cause the preditors to move on to more populated waters.-The map is not generated, it's static:This is both a pro and a con. The one downside of having a developer hand-crafted map is that there is only one map, and it's the same for all save games. That said, I have a very good sence of direction, and I still get lost constantly, even after 90-some hours in one save with literally dozens of waypoints placed now.-Game updates ""slowly""I put slowly in quotes because it doesn't really update slowly, but there are lots of changes lumped into each update, usually more than most people realise. If you prefer being on the cutting edge of things, and getting more frequent, but smaller updates, and don't mind some buggyness, you can enter the experemental branch (in the betas tab) which is automatically compiled and shiped 3 times a day.-Game is heavy (hard to run)This is really the only major, unmidigated con of the game. It is a very demanding game, as far as hardware goes. With a high-end gaming laptop, I get around 30 FPS on the lowest graphics settings. If I had a gaming desktop of similer price ($1,200), I could probably use medium settings and still get around the same FPS, but that's not great FPS for such a powerful PC.Overall: If you like alien worlds, open world games, and/or atmospheric games, this game is for you. It's beautiful and terrifying all at the same time. You're frightened to go into the glowing blue caves with blood sacs hanging from the vines, but your curiosity won't let you NOT go in."
76561198065603041,Recommended,264710,27860990,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Spicy,Perhaps on of the best games currently in early development and one of my most beloved games in my library i have had for quite a while now keep up the good work and rolling out updates i cant wait to see where you all decide to take the game.
76561198166430831,Recommended,264710,28196150,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Sarrbear,"I LOVE the story and the creativity in this game but I there are a lot of gliches and bugs. I've tried countless times to get crashpowder but I can't. For me this game lags a lot and like I said, there is definitely a bug that is not letting me get crash powder. I'm stuck at this point because I can't make a welder.Sarah Whiting"
,Recommended,264710,30664324,Posted: 21 March,all,A Puppy,"Simply Amazing, Beautiful Job Developers!"
76561198214677683,Recommended,264710,31473764,Posted: 30 April,all,Patryk_Polak,Awesome game can't stop playing definitely recommend this game for everyone  who likes survival games. LOL .
76561198395627293,Recommended,264710,32666325,Posted: 22 June,all,Saucey_Boy,I absolutly love the game
76561198202547211,Recommended,264710,32791203,Posted: 25 June,all,Dr. Zack PHD,"2 hours in and already in  love witht his game. So awesome, exciting, and with a twist of scary. (Especially when your just swimming and a giant squid comes out of the mist in front of you)."
,Recommended,264710,15996246,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Rangar212,"Subnautica is a great game full of potential the great open oceans are great to waste a few hours exploring and the massive creatures lurking in depths add a very mysterious feel to the game. i cant wait for future updates and challenges that the dev team through at me. in later updates i hope to see the ability to  travel to other planets and more of a wide range of subs, building parts and armour/weapons  for your base because at the moment it feels very limited in what u can do. in over all this game is amazing and definitley not a waste of money or time probably a bit cheap for the experience yo get back from it. great work and keep it up."
76561198091419572,Recommended,264710,16717789,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Tankerrex,"This game is like minecraft, but underwater ( obviously ). Other than random drops in framerate and graphic bugs, this is a really good game."
,Recommended,264710,17841317,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Kittylegends42,turned on cheats exploded the ship a bunch and i died of rads cus it speeds it up idn why but it does and i died of rads 10/10 would die again
76561198028179724,Recommended,264710,21914935,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Mr Krinklez,"I've redacted my earlier statements. This game is mind-blowingly good. Glitches, sure, it's in development. But damn is most of it beautiful."
76561198286029516,Recommended,264710,21919229,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,alfieharris10,its is so amazing to eplore i love it
76561198058883209,Recommended,264710,24907796,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,HattedGamer | Chefcases.com,"Holy COW!!! So it is a bit laggy, but I absolutely love it! It is beautiful, fun and just simply AMAZING!!!"
,Recommended,264710,24937684,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Isaax,The first few minutes of this game are more awe inspiring than any recent survival games combined
,Recommended,264710,25271020,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,OtterPlex,Amazing game 10/10 water wow
76561198261679916,Recommended,264710,25579237,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Waffle,My wife wands to play a game for once10/10
,Recommended,264710,28396633,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,fuckoff,"yes.also, it should be noted this game won the 2016""ill never swim in the ocean again"" award"
76561198052506146,Recommended,264710,31465190,Posted: 30 April,all,GeekofFury,"Saw MxR stream this, and it looked good, so I picked it up ... and couldn't put it down. Great game."
,Recommended,264710,32685466,Posted: 23 June,all,DejaVu,"Subnautica is a pretty awesome game. I snagged a copy before the whole youtube phenomenon went up, so I've been playing for a while, and have a lot to say about it. I will rewrite the review when the game fully comes out as well.Subnautica is completely different from a lot of games you will play in sense of your surroundings. It has a completely unique planet with fish, plants and creatures never before seen. The variety of all these is baffling. Depending on the biome you are in, it also delivers a perfectly executed atmospheric feel that the biome should give you. It is pretty amazing. The tech, tools and vehicles in the game are well thought out and work smoothly.In terms of gameplay, subnautica follows a classic theme; grinding. Although most of the game is centered around exploring and unveiling scraps of story and lore, to do all that the game makes you grind. A lot. This is all in addition to keeping yourself alive. Funny. You also have to grind to get food and water. A completely understand why the grind is there though. Otherwise the game is too short, but it also serves another purpose. The farther you get in the game, the more exotic the materials you need to get are. The more exotic the materials, the more exotic  the biome. Through the grinding, the game  forces you to explore; so it never feels like its actually getting boring. It does this very well, and just when you think its getting to boring, something awesome and new happens, or you unlock a whole new biome to explore.The story is solid, and is pretty unique, which fits the whole game really. It's very well thought out and given to you in perfect snippits that build up as the game progresses.Subnautica is a great game, worth the price and the time you spend grinding. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,264710,34396663,Posted: 21 August,all,Rìgh Uilleam,Early access done right!
,Recommended,264710,35125882,Posted: 22 September,all,Hoeslayer,"This game is in early access and frankly when I bought it I figured ""Eh it will be cheesy at best'. WRONG this game takes everything water and makes it amazing.If you want a great game based around water this is the one.Only a few cons and honestly they are nothing bad:Textures pop in and can be goofy (I mean the games in early access)Sense of direction gets kind of crazy"
76561198121785334,Recommended,264710,24810583,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Number 1,Dont listen to the haters that try to run this game on their toaster from 1998 and complaine why the game dosn't run on there stepmoms compuer that only runs on dos. The game will run fine if you configure your settings to what your pc can handle.
,Recommended,264710,26421929,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sosig,"Bought it a while ago, played it for a little bit, had a good first impression but kinda forgot about the game.Now that it supports HTC Vive i've installed it again and sweet lord, with VR this game is 1000 times more awesome than it was before.Dont get me wrong, the game is fantastic, even without VR, but the whole underwaterworld just gets a whole new dimension WITH VR. Just plain awesome.If you like survival/basebuilding/exploring games and you like the gameplay trailers and screenshots, this game is for you.PS: Crapped my pants when i saw a fish in VR. It scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me."
,Recommended,264710,27416270,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[IHC]MRH,"One of the best singeplayer experiences i've ever had!I know making this game multiplayer would be hard, but I do belive it would have a so much larger market if it would, I have multiple friends that are interested in this game but won't buy it because its singleplayer.And please port it to Nintendo Switch!"
,Recommended,264710,28052509,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,agecage,"Even in it's early stages, I've found myself completely engulfed in this game. I can't wait to see what else this game has in store!"
76561198168271157,Recommended,264710,28055593,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Noddz,We need to go deeper
76561198138489776,Recommended,264710,28157441,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,TheBeastlyBox20,its a good game
,Recommended,264710,28162106,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Xanny Phantom,Had it for about a year now. SO MUCH INPROVEMENT!
,Recommended,264710,34144615,Posted: 10 August,all,Magecties,This game has so much potential!
,Recommended,264710,31404163,Posted: 27 April,all,PiNk GuY@csgolive.com,This is a great game. Lots of fun if you are into single player type survival games. Can be a little buggy at first but you will get used to it.  10/10 would recomend.
,Recommended,264710,24669999,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,names are hard,"just....amazing this game is one of the best looking open world underwater games you will ever play. Apart from finding shards for plans to builld new things that you would never imagine being able to build the only other reason to explore is just the views. You have the purple caves to the scary deep sea and to many to name. Just naming the views is a spoiler but the best thing about this game is the lie it tells the lie of a safe world with a few scary fish that jump scare you. the 1st time you see or hear it your heart stops you have heard about it mabye even see it in a youtube channel review but it dosent stop you shiting your self when you see it. you will look at this beast for 1-10mins just saying oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is the jaws of this game this one beast alone makes this game part horror and all i can say is have fun seeing the sights,exploring,building and dont forget dont go to deep into the sea you never know what might be waiting for you."
76561198146557705,Recommended,264710,20231412,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Windrider,"Awesome game. One of the type that is worth the cost. Has a few bugs & glitches here and there, but hey, it`s not early access without a reason. If you don`t like it, go buy another fully released game. Is pretty hard tho, and has a few jump scares here and there, because not all of the wildlife is friendly. In fact, almost none is. But you can also choose the creative mode if you don`t like fighting for survival, and enjoy unlimited building and exploration. But, be aware. IF they can`t harm you, it doesn`t mean that they will not try to attack you nonetheless, and some of them are pretty scary, mark my words. I`ve met them up close and personal, didn`t go well XD. Awesome graphics, not so performace-gutting as you would expect from a similar game. Great level of detail. Recommend it to all your friends because after 30min of gameplay you will fall in love with it!!!"
76561198236867834,Recommended,264710,28928695,Posted: 1 January,all,StalkyDonkeyBoy,"Subnatica is a great game, it has a compleing lore that is being added to almost every update, an incredible soundtrack, and insane graphics. And gameplay wise its amazing, the feeling of watching a Cyclops or P.R.A.W.N being bulit is an amazing feeling, and with the blueprint system, if you want better blueprints like the P.R.A.W.N drill arm, or the thermal plant, most of the time that means you have to go deeper into the ocean where dangers like the Reaper Levithan lurk. Possibly one of my favorite parts of the game was exploring the Aroura, a massive mineing ship that was shot down by the Precursor Array."
,Recommended,264710,35497824,Posted: 5 October,all,Brk3n,"Is this game worth $25? Yes, yes it ♥♥♥♥ing is. Just buy the damn thing cause you won't regret it!!"
76561198143605685,Recommended,264710,24608358,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,EldraziSlivers,its a good game cant wait to see the finished product.
76561197972442923,Recommended,264710,20368862,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,sneks give gud hed (Razzar),"Beyond amazing. Really deserving among the top 10 early access games. Constantly updated monthly, story driven. And beautiful water graphics. Oh, and water. Lots and lots of water."
,Recommended,264710,26908206,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Odeezy,"Saving my full review for the full release, but this sale wants me to review something I nominated so yeah... Buy this game right now, it's on sale and you won't regret it."
76561198055316421,Recommended,264710,35508498,Posted: 5 October,all,TallTimbers♥,I like this game.
,Recommended,264710,17540561,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Griffinhawk,Yes
76561198277618396,Recommended,264710,34540495,Posted: 27 August,all,SWILZ,"all ready one of my favorite game son the market, if you love a open world and hard survival game youve come to the right place"
76561198178242634,Recommended,264710,29964631,Posted: 16 February,all,:) CS.MONEY,nice
,Recommended,264710,30080563,Posted: 21 February,all,Sh4nks,"Probably scarier than most horror games. At first it is nice swimming along seeing cool fishies, but then WHAM. Reaper leviathan. I almost peed myself when I saw the reaper in the distance. Im too scared to play now. But if you can manage with scary part, it is a fun game. :D"
,Recommended,264710,24634057,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,joenail,"This is so much fun. It has story, not much but enough. It provids huge amounts of exsploration and at times, fear. This is worth every cent and more of what it costs."
,Recommended,264710,35326447,Posted: 30 September,all,Mr. Cree,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is easily one of my top 5 games I've played all year. Another Early Access survival title, I pretty much fell in love with this game.The story is: Your spaceship crash lands on an alien planet for unknown reasons. You are the only person that survived. You're in the middle of an alien ocean. You're tasked with not only survival, but figuring out what happened to your ship that made it crash land.This game is beautiful and colorful. It needs more optimization, but that improves with each update. In most survival games, you have to explore the game world horizontally. In Subnautica, you have to explore horizontally and vertically. As someone who does not like open, deep waters, this scared the ♥♥♥♥ out of me. I had to very slowly, over many hours, become more comfortable with diving into the ocean.Diving deep into the ocean is horrifying. The water is pitch black, and you could run into a huge alien leviathan at any time. But if you want to keep progressing, you have to push forward. The more you explore, the more blueprints you find. Some help you survive, and some are decorations for your base. The base building mechanic is addicting and time consuming. I built an entire skyscraper above the surface because that's where I felt the safest hahaha.I spent $10 on this game and played 80 hours so far, with more updates on the way.Overall 9.5/10I can't wait for future updates to this horrifying, beautiful game."
,Recommended,264710,25395810,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Saito,gam battr no man ski
76561198269914826,Recommended,264710,28925604,Posted: 1 January,all,Itchy,9.9/10bleeders
,Recommended,264710,16870419,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Shym8,Started at 12 pm. Looked up and it was 7. This is the most addictive game I have ever played.
76561198272069363,Recommended,264710,31774422,Posted: 15 May,all,blackpanther300,"Subnautica is by far one of the best games I've played for a long time (especially for an early access game.)  Subnautica combines horror, adventure, sandbox, and survival to make one of the best ocean based games out there!  This game is simply mind-blowing!"
76561198158362318,Recommended,264710,30765566,Posted: 26 March,all,musichound26,"This is probably one of the most creative and beautiful survival games i've evr played. Everytime i play i see something new which is hard to do with these types of games. I can't imagine how much more they can really add to it, but from what i've seen so far im sure we wont be dissapointed. Hats off to the devs of this amazing game. Keep up the good work and i cant wait to see what ya come up with next."
,Recommended,264710,24616842,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Lurkz,"[Update]: Problem persisted with experimental build but managed to work out it is related to the DS4 Windows driver, found another SCP based driver and that works fine. Game is indeed great :)Bought this for VR and controller support. Doesn't natively support the Vive and won't work with a DS4 controller. 'Gampad support' means: 'not being able to get past the title screen with the controller plugged in' and 'after plugging in a controller in game you spin in a circle and stare at the ceiling' ...I'm sure the game's great but for me it's unplayable, can't get a refund as I waited too long to see if these issues would be resolved. Will revise if I can get a chance to actually play the game!"
76561198025183242,Recommended,264710,35467616,Posted: 4 October,all,Nix_Nivis,"The game is constantly changing with new content being added and old content removed. On the very basic it is a graphic-wise beautiful single player survival game set on a scifi waterworld. As of today, there is a rudimentary plot to the game, but even disregarding that plot just exploring and building bases is a lot of fun."
76561198306946431,Recommended,264710,33856353,Posted: 28 July,all,Mr.Honsey,In this game you can:-Swim in ocean-Build underwater bases-Craft things-Explore Crashed ship-Explore the worldand much more !
,Recommended,264710,35317788,Posted: 29 September,all,Scarysoft,"This game is a true diamond in the rough that is  ""Survival crafting exploration early access.""Subnautica has become my absolute favorite in its genre and the developers have not let me down in the slightest (where many others have). The gameplay has become very polished and as soon as it is optimized it will be a true masterpiece. Subnautica reinforces your fears of the deep but once you overcome them you find a mesmerizingly beautiful world.My only negative is at the moment it is not fully optimized and a little buggy but it is still very much being worked on."
,Recommended,264710,20234026,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,jjoeyay,"Yeah, yeah good game. Extra good. Lovely.cons: bugs, mostly visual"
76561198018171058,Recommended,264710,24634078,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,The Old Guard,"This is a good atmospheric game.  However, due to the fact that it's still in development, once you find all of the blueprints and make your submarine, build a stable base there is little else to do.  You can dive to deep depths but there isn't anything there at the bottom to discover.  Most of the materials you need to make things, you can find with the small seamoth.  The game needs more content and things to do."
,Recommended,264710,25471188,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡OxK,"A well made underwater survival game that has great visuals and runs well, as well as being put together by a respected development team, highly recommended."
,Recommended,264710,22712169,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,BinarySplit,"I recommend you watch a Let's Play or come back when it's finished. It's gonna be a great game, but it's not there yet.The first 2 hours of Survival Mode were fun, but then I hit a tech ceiling due to a lack of blueprints & missing resources. It can take 30+ minutes of searching to find a new blueprint or resource. When you're stuck with basic gear, this searching gets pretty boring and the new thing you unlock is usually completely underwhelming after putting so much effort in. According to the wiki, there's a lot of gear that you can find, but most of it has very specific locations in the ocean. Even with this knowledge, it's kind of tedious collecting gear.It seems like they're planning to put more story in. When there's actually objectives and stuff to do in the world, it's gonna be a lot of fun for more than 2 hours."
76561198122911461,Recommended,264710,29856429,Posted: 11 February,all,ColinDoesEverything,"It's really a great game, and I wish the best of hopes of it, The bugs are very simple, 1. Sometimes the new experimental updates like the one with the Containment Facility, it didn't appear in my old save, but when I did a new save, it appeared. That's all I've seen, just please fix that and it's perfect."
,Recommended,264710,33405724,Posted: 9 July,all,Rieader,"An amazing game, both on PC and XBOX. Still an early access title so there are bugs, but the development team have set to work to make this a truely amazing game. I cant wait for the end release.Pro'sSandbox survival with base buildingEnjoyable storyLovely GraphicsCon'sMy only drawback is i would like a better counter to fighting some of the creaturesCan be a bit buggyStory is not fully finished yet (still in early access)"
,Recommended,264710,33530173,Posted: 14 July,all,ProChicken19,"Amazing game,Pros:-The story is truly well designed-The gameplay is excellent-Completing the main story takes more then a couple of hours to do (Longer gameplay)-Not many glitches-Active Devs-Building is pretty good and enjoyable-Multiple gamemodes-Incredible vehiclesCons:-A few annoying bugs with opening up lockers/ pulling up your PDA-Food and water get low quickly, annoying in the first 1-2 hours when your setting yourself up-Item stackage - It be nice if items would stack allowing more inventory space-Hostiles attack vehicles too often (specifically in the cyclops)-Beacons tend to glitch and cant remove them (also occurs with destroyed vehicles)Overall the game has been done amazingly and is a great time passer and can be well enjoyed once you get into it"
76561198400218610,Recommended,264710,35527429,Posted: 6 October,all,heino.venter05,I LOVE THIS GAME but one of the things/update  you can do is a character customize but it does'nt really matter because all you see is your hands
76561197980697683,Recommended,264710,33321176,Posted: 6 July,all,Cat Fart,"Normally I avoid Early Access but I bought it because the developer(s) seem to be regularly up dating the game. I've been watching this one since it came out. I really like that it isn't too hand holdy, and the unexpected surprises keep me glued to my seat wondering what else is out there."
76561198095989665,Recommended,264710,21594690,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,DrDisRespect,"9.82/10 -IGNIf you are alive, you will buy Subnautica."
76561198406202510,Recommended,264710,35532508,Posted: 6 October,all,Dawid | gamekit.com,"Subnautica is a survival one player game in wich you are mostly in the ocean, learning new species of animals some passive others not so much, trougtout the game you build new technologies you also learn from mistake like bringing a seamoth to figth a sea dragon (don't do it untill you have proper equipment) , or you could just have fun and explore the vast ocean and its biomes, highly recommend cheking out. Peace."
,Recommended,264710,33406235,Posted: 9 July,all,Epiales,"While the game is still quite glitchy (see through walls/floors/celings/etc.) I feel that the gameplay is worth it, especially with a responsive developer that should be fixing these."
76561198032030556,Recommended,264710,16854888,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,PURE_Vengeance,"I started looking at this game because I was so bored out of mind and going stir crazy. Anyways I bought it and downloaded it. I can say now after 4 days of about 20 hours a day I am hooked. This game is so many things in one. I am a casual player and really enjoy the ""sometimes"" peace and quiet gives you. The graphics are amazing and really makes you feel submersed in the game :P I never thought of stream or going onto twitch but I have started streaming this game now because I think people need to know about it. There are some really scary times also in this game. There are many ways of death but so far the worst for me is cave diving and running out of oxygen because you wanted that one last piece of that elisuve and addictive Quartz. I really hope you buy this gameStill a great and upcoming game. They have added so many new things since my last review and I am really impressed."
76561198048337029,Recommended,264710,15653226,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Missy,"9/10This game is absolutely amazing. The feeling of swimming around the ocean brings wonderment and fear. You swim around not knowing what is lurking in the deep sea. The technology, the strange plants and animals, and giant ocean planet makes me curious but also cautious. It also runs extremely well for me. The only known lag I get is from the bubbles when my player breaths or when I come out of the water. (Developers, if you see this please make an option to turn off this effect.)"
76561198299102989,Recommended,264710,29174342,Posted: 10 January,all,owenmcmudkip,"This game is stunning, I get immersed with every moment of this masterpiece"
76561198115959629,Recommended,264710,24237477,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,HellsouL,"7/10 if u want to play fun game8/10 if u want to play survive game type9/10 if u just want great pic and idea10/10 ... if dev. think about co-opgreat job, dev.  u make a great taste game <3ps. some boring repeated catfing system ...ps. sry for bad english"
76561198036585912,Recommended,264710,26259077,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,The vengful King,Great game Can you guess what it needs No yes? CO-OP PLEAS add co-op Im getting my friend the game soon So i want to have co-op in the game so we can play together
76561198126543135,Recommended,264710,21526674,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Tabby 3456,"Pro's----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+Nice Graphic's+Underwater Exploration+Underwater techonogy+deadly yet unleathal weps+every device in the game is usefull+Survival,Creative and,freedom gamemode'sCon's--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I cant seem to downgraid the graphic's since the update where they added more visualstrust me it's a good game. Just get a beffy PC"
,Recommended,264710,25027805,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Envy661,"A better Survival game than No Man's Sky, and sold for the Price No Man's Sky should be sold for."
,Recommended,264710,24646373,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Zenethereonix,Daily life in subnautica:Ain't this pretty...Oh! What's down there!Uhm... should I swim?YEP DEFINETLY SWIMMING AWAY!!!Oh... it's a tiny fish casting a shadow.*dies as giant fish eats from behind*@#&(!!!
76561198201937017,Recommended,264710,21551272,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Scoldrus,".Jumps at every noise.Has a massive fear of crabsquids.Hasn't met a reaper (and dosen't want to)That sums up me in subnautica 9/10 ""SPOOPY"""
76561198260755092,Recommended,264710,19381722,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Itsmikedog234,Love it!!!!!!!
76561197973999066,Not Recommended,264710,28907857,Posted: 1 January,all,McfistySlackhole,"The game is currently unplayable on my system; i7 4790k, 16gb 2400mhz ddr3, GTX 980 4gb vram.Im getting horrible lag, stuttering and freezes when using any vehicle. This seems to be relatated to objects loading in the distance (the more objects the worst the stuttering), and at the worst moments objects  pop-up right in front of me and kills my framerate. YES IVE TRIED CHANGING ALL SETTING, both in-game and NVDIA control panel with little to no change.Most user's are experiencing the same issue, and in my opinion renders the game UNPLAYABLE. Unless you only want to swim around slowly and build a base      DO NOT BUY UNTILL THIS IS FIXED."
,Recommended,264710,23715413,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,NoName,This is a GREAT game to spend time on I don't have many hours but when i play im always having fun doing it
76561197971216566,Recommended,264710,23819796,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,PiStoLLeRo!,10/10 would drown again.
76561198089081688,Recommended,264710,24536007,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,brooks.roy,Great game with some stunning visuals
76561198355668584,Recommended,264710,28711852,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,escaped alien,its a great game carnt wate till its fulley out its a bit hard at the atart bet it gets ezeyer
,Recommended,264710,20600746,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Foxwell,I NEEDMULTIPLAYERMULTIPLAYERMULTIPLAYERMULTIPLAYERMULTIPLAYERMULTIPLAYERMULTIPLAYERMULTIPLAYERMULTIPLAYERMULTIPLAYERMULTIPLAYERMULTIPLAYERMULTIPLAYERMULTIPLAYERMULTIPLAYER
76561197977017414,Not Recommended,264710,29105677,Posted: 7 January,all,play107,would be great if it had surround support (5760x1080 res)
76561198120695891,Recommended,264710,20059869,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Alien 480,"i like it but i dont like it. it has some issues with the framerate, but that is the least of your worries. you have a food water and oxygen meter you need to moniter. so you start off collecting resources out of rocks and plants to survive and build things. ok good start! food is easy to come by with it just being the fish around you, fantastic this game sounds easy! youre confined to a 40X40 area because of predators, ohh that sucks (fixed, predators no longer 1 hit kill). on top of that the materials for more advanced things like a level 2 item are EXTREMELY RARE my entire time ive found 4 peices of silver, not good (fixed more frequent material pick ups)! oh andd those advanced materials are in the areas with the predators so its even more difficult to aquire them. its a fun game dont get me wrong, but for a year in early access they need to step their game up and take a page out of space engineers book, weekly updates so nothing is game breaking or problematic. what this game needs, is A) multiplayer because its boring alone with nobody to talk to or help build, and B) a 3rd person mode you can switch between (as of current update not needed since cyclops object detection)   but 7.5/10UPDATE 11-23-15: ok now its been updated since this review was written, new stuff added like a mech and new creatures LOVE IT now. not much slow down anymore which is good but now my only gripe is that the food animals dont respawn but luckily we have plants now    8/10UPDATE 6-18-16: WOW TONS of updates, scanner room, new building things like beds and shelves, big aquariums, cyclops improvement, TONS of new models for things like the solar panels and reactors and new areas and creatures. food animals now reproduce so dont over-fish  ;)   0 slow-down/ framerate issues.  9.5/10   still need that co-op and cyclops base docking feature!"
76561198002494306,Recommended,264710,28989196,Posted: 3 January,all,BOSS NIGGA,add an auto-save function please
,Recommended,264710,28218931,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,QueeF Machine,Why are you reading this? BUY THE GAME
,Recommended,264710,25965620,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Fuhrer_Piggi,It will be epic if this game had multiplayer! if it does also have local many people would also play together
,Recommended,264710,15716360,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,MR.Fappy,"I am loving this game so far! Once you start it its easy figure out what to do, because it also guides you abit. The graphics are really good looking and the gameplay is just fantasicly thought of. Collecting resources, building machines and vehicles. being able to build a base underwater or even above! (what i like to do. terraforming and exploring new dangerous places with amazing creatures and your trusty old Aurora (the ship you crashed with).I am really looking forward to future updates (preferably on building your base). If i could i would make designs for base chambers. Perhaps a big suite chamber or being able to connect 4 X shaped tubes to have them join in the middle making a room!Right now the game has some buggs as glitching outside of your base when creating a ladder and then not being able to swim but just walk. if your base entrence is on a higher place and you can't reach it... thats not fun. Its solved by going into an entrance and spawning into water again. Also bugs like (when my game crashes while saving) losing all the items in your lockers and storage boxes. (luckely not your inventory)I'd like to have things drop out when you die so that when yu respawn you can get them back on the same dangerous spot instead of losing them forever.Overal i rate this game a TF2 dispencer out of 10! because dispencers are awesome.if i where speaking to you right now i'd totaly make you buy this game by ANY means nececary.P.S. if it would happen in the future. multiplayer would be the most amazing thing!"
,Recommended,264710,30236572,Posted: 28 February,all,Zoreas,11/10 Best survival game everBUTIT NEEDS MULTIPLAYER -_-
,Recommended,264710,22588236,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mr. Worldwide,"Subnautica is a really great game!The graphics/way it looks, animals and areas are awesome.Subnautica also includes many craftable and researchable items, so there are things to grind for.I would really look forward to a coop-mode and importantly, game saves that can be updated to newer versions while still working fine (game update destroys save-games).Otherwise I enjoyed playing this game very much!"
,Recommended,264710,15011820,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,nuts,digging 95m deep couldn't find the way out -> died10/10 would play again
76561197999841135,Recommended,264710,26916021,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wicker the Wicked,10/10 Would buy again
76561198063656012,Recommended,264710,28810716,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Happy,I GO DEEP DIVING!
,Recommended,264710,24137591,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,xingpz2008 | Farmskins.com,"Just for game it self, it is still an perfect survival game with beautiful scenery and under-sea world.In some aspects, it is a high-free game.I do recommend this game if you are interested in survival games/ocean games.Unfortunately, I request for the refund at last, due to the strange creatures in the game.Sometimes you may get scared if you do not have a strong heart. XDThis game is still in developing status, and I do believe that it will finally become a 3A game.Besides, there can be more improvements, such as:-There should be a more clear instructions such as task lists, etc.-There can be more normal creatures.-I strongly recommend to have multiplayer model."
,Recommended,264710,15628628,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,dastoupro4you,inmersive game i must sayyou should buy10/10would fight giant alien ocotopuse with knifelike skyrim with gun
76561198032399438,Recommended,264710,24157749,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Goldmoon64,Very awesome... if you like exploring and surviving this underwater element brings a whole new world to it. Done right and hopefully continued updates for a long time. Even being an EAG this feels complete. Hopefully the des keeping building content and story for a long time. Grabed it on summer sale. Worth it.
,Recommended,264710,31476415,Posted: 30 April,all,gulegule,"Thalassophobia, the game!"
,Recommended,264710,23814491,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,deanxvii,"So I've recently bought this because of the sale and I can say that I'm having a blast. I always liked tropical scenery in anything so this game really looks cool. When it's night time, the flora lights up in bright neon colors so everything looks awesome and unless you go deep into caves, you won't need a flashlight. I'd recommend to atleast try out the game"
76561198198264225,Recommended,264710,26021366,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,isaiahtheminer,one of the best games ever
76561198145412157,Recommended,264710,19771872,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Weeb Trash,goog
,Recommended,264710,24085162,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,⎛⎝KarKarra⎠⎞ ~  カレ,- Open game- Dive- Accidentally found a green egg- Gets excited and picks it up- Heard a monster sound from far away- Close game11/10
,Recommended,264710,14907993,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Cynelmoon,Not good for my health...
,Recommended,264710,18673774,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Aurevoir mocks <3 RapidLUx,What a fantastic game!!! Good graphics and the view is absolutely outstanding. I recommend this game for people of all ages. The best thing is that this game is still in early access mode so it will only get better! Overall I would rate this game 9/10
76561198062114835,Recommended,264710,31776963,Posted: 15 May,all,Asclepius,"Very good game with tremendous potential. Updates are frequent and the atmosphere is awesome. Graphics are quite good and mechanics are easy to learn.Only cons atm:needs more stuff to do and explore also more life forms varietystory needs expanding (a lot)some building glitches/ issues that can be mildly frustratingDefinitely recommend specially for the originality, potential and cool underwater exploring"
,Recommended,264710,15069308,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Captain Dubs,"Game is still in early access, still some bugs, still some emptyness  but there is some serious potential in this title.>get in seamoth>go 2000m below the surface>run out of power>oshit.jpg>can't move>can't see anything>all i hear is the sound of the ocean around me>2 choices, drown, or starve>♥♥♥♥it>get out of seamoth and swim deeper>die>10/10 spooky"
76561198360565864,Recommended,264710,31228350,Posted: 18 April,all,Epicgamer0831,This game is very very good.
76561197981617375,Recommended,264710,31229803,Posted: 18 April,all,Rivity,Don't play this if you're Thalassophobic.Play this if you're Thalassophobic.
,Recommended,264710,26282574,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Berdyie,"Ok, so Subnautica really is a emotion-conflicting game.It is based around Survival, just like any other Early Access Survival game. However, Subnautica seems to be very, VERY different. In that the devs have obviously put a lot of effort into their game, instead of creating (yet another) what would basically be Rust clone. Just the fact that you are underwater (for 90% of the time at least) makes the mechanics VERY different. But not only that, Subnautica really hits the nail on the end for horror aspects.I can't tell you how many times I look down, and see a vast, bottomless void of water that just gets darker and darker. And then all you can hear is the screeches and moans of the creatures below. It just gives you vibes beyond belief. And as one of the most infamous creatures, the Reaper Leviathan, it can be terrifying hearing that roar, and seeing the tail dissapear into the murky depths, knowing that his core programming will make him tail behind and try to suprize you. That's what I call good horror. There are a few jumpscares, but it's very far from all the other horror games being based off petty instant-reaction scares. You really feel helpless and terrified.And not only the horror makes the game amazing, in itself it is BEAUTIFUL. The game runs relatively smooth for such detail and effort that was put into every single fern, fish and rock on the landscape. The bright, vibrant colours, mixed with the dark and black nighttime settings, make the game stand out from the rest of the Rust clones. The neon lights on the fish and plants means there is never something boring on the screen, regardless if it is black as pitch.But, alas, I would be very bias if I did not include the negative sides to the game.The first problem many people would encounter, would be the pretty low framerate. When I said it runs relatively smooth, I was more talking about having it on the lowest settings. I myself have a large desktop, and so the game can run medium-to-high settings, however I can imagine a lot of people with laptops having difficulty playing the game.Next would be the very low render distance. Subnautica, as I mentioned before, is OUTSTANDINGLY good looking. But that comes at a cost, a very slow load time for each chunk of map. It's not very noticable when using the Seaglide, or when going slowly whilst looking for resources, it is very undenyable when travelling long distances at once with the Cyclops or even more so with the Seamoth. Landscapes can appear directly in front of you, and a worst case scenario (which has happened to me on multiple occasions) is running into a Reaper BEFORE it actually appears.And of course, being early access, there are a lot of bugs. The game is still being ironed out, and the devs are doing their best. But the bugs are everywhere, and some of them; gamebreaking. I managed to learn to take crafting slowly, and let the animations finish before doing another. When entering submersibles, you don't take off before the shuttle is ready to go. Some glitches happen because you go to fast, and other just happen randomly. Either way, they do definetly affect the gameplay.All in all, Subnautica is an excellent game. With a little time and money, I guarantee the bugs, framerate and render distance will be worked on and patched. When I first bought the game, it was not NEARLY worth 20 dollars. But now, I would seriously suggest to ANYONE, to at least try this game. The devs need it, and you won't regret doing so.8/10Berdyie"
76561198045362809,Recommended,264710,31100429,Posted: 12 April,all,kиi¢єy,"SubnauticaA game full of exploration and fun, yet terrifing... This beautiful game is fantastic for exploration and suits a variety of playstylesCreative is for Explorers or basebuilderswhile Survival is for people such as myself who lpve the Survival aspect of gamesWith modes inbetween to adjust difficulty or how casual you want to beSubnautia is not perfect, but it is not finishedI have encountered many bugs in my experience playing it, but no gamebreaking bugs, only hilarious ones but some may disconcern playersThese bugs range from getting stuck, fixed by a mere Reloard to the most horrific thing to dateA reaper Leviathan stuck in the safe shallowsThis game has many different areas with challenges to overcome. A major part of this challenges is investigating the Aurora, The ship that crashlanded with you in it before you escaped to a life pod. This area is full of mystery and information with resources, but Is also right ontop of the first major threat to your life in survival mode, The Reaper Leviathans. These huge Predators are terrifing, Shrieking into the depths and Sending chills down you. They are cabable of an instant kill on the player, And doing heavy damage to you limited vehicles. I don't hate this creature as it gives a real challenge (to me anyway) but when it ends up in the safe shallows, The starting biome which is fairly death free, It is rather concerning.But after Exploring the sea floor from the Kelp, to the Grand reef, you learn there is a huge underground network spanning kilometers upon end with mysteries and beautiful scenes. One by one you advance, getting technologies to progress deeper and deeper, exploring the vast depths of the terrifing ocean.The story system, yet not fully implimented during the time of this review, Is shaping up nicely. It is not forced, allowing you to avoid it completly and explore the ocean, but gives you a sence of panic, trying to rush to complete it. This story is filled with the mysteries of the precoursers, A mysterious Alien race and your job is to uncover their secrets and try to escape this ocean planet, But In the end, The Dangerours creatures and Alien races are not the main threat you face in the end...Overall, this game is fantastic, but it is not perfect. With the bugs and few glitches it still has a bit to be desired, but not far off it. But it is in devolpment still, meaning everything can be solvedI would reccomend this game for any survival-Sandbox players or just survival, While also creationalists should give it a try too. With the monthly updates it is getting new items and structures.If you are not a fan of Early access, wait until it is finished, But personally, I couldn't wait to play this game!"
,Recommended,264710,32699621,Posted: 23 June,all,Foxman,"I never write reviews, but had to say that this game is freaking awesome. It scares the living crap out of me, but I can't stop playing."
,Recommended,264710,34815923,Posted: 8 September,all,Raxo,spooky af
,Recommended,264710,15313304,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,LJ_Spice,Love it.. Tense/Scary as F*** in the depths. But i love it.
,Recommended,264710,21490836,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MilkPls,Love the game to bits and would recomend it to anybody who has a major fear of the ocean just kind of disapointed I can not run it due to my GPU :(
,Recommended,264710,21011773,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sukka Madiq,"This game....is fantastic.The visuals, the gameplay, the world, everything. It's just so...perfect.Now, I'm not really a fan of Early Access titles. Usually those games end up in BETA or ALPHA for eternity with no real development and gameplay improvement. For this game, I made an exception.My computer is FAAR from being beastly and High-end, so I expected that this game - with its amazing visuals - would totally lag my game to about 10 - 15 fps. And of course, the game won't run on 60fps because....obvious reasons stated above...but I did get about 30 maybe 40 fps. Which was REALLY nice. But I'm sure you lot possess greater gaming pc's and can run the game EASILY on 60 fps.But, why the hell would you read a ""review"" from a low-life like me? Just go and buy the game already, damn you."
,Recommended,264710,15081144,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Hazy,"I only played 5 minutes of this game and I already love it. Colorful oceans, diverse wildlife, simple resources, would be awesome with Workshop content. Survival elements are balanced! Fully reccommend this game for survival gamers."
76561198014125526,Recommended,264710,14684953,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Sweid,Keep supporting the game! Just excellent!
,Recommended,264710,17330236,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Scorch,"An amazing game. It's incredibly fun to explore the map and the concept is genius. The negative reviews are idiotic. They just buy the game with out taking a slightest look at what they're buying; missing the big sign that says ""Early Acces Game"" or ignoring to look at the System Requirements and then complain about how they can't run the game on their 10 year old laptop with windows 32-bit. However, I get around 150 - 200 FPS on max settings in this gorgeous game on my gaming pc. If exploring the vast ocean of an outer world sounds fun to you, then I highly recommend you buy this game."
76561198120451370,Recommended,264710,18109296,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,MrWaffles_1,One of my top fav 3BUY IT
,Recommended,264710,13562629,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,RetroGuy3210,"At it's current state, this game is amazing despite being early access.Right now, the only things you can really do, is hunt for food and pick up metal and quartz to craft better oxygen tanks and items. So if you are looking to buy this game, it will be a great adventure game about learning more about your surroundings, but right now, it's more of an exploration game. It will have a lot more content when it is finished though. It is a lot of fun to explore, and the graphics are great and the game runs well despite being an early access game. Make no mistake, if you are afraid of water levels and/or ocean levels in video games, this will leave you unsettled. Some of the bigger, more vicious creatures of the sea are being added. Trust me, the only place where you feel safe being out of your sub, is when you are in a reef.  After a while, you can craft a mini submarine which you can explore the depths with. The game has a lot of content right now, but it does not have a save feature.Overall, it's a great game in its current state, and I recommend picking it up in the Steam sale. The game can only get better from here."
,Recommended,264710,25916005,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,zimbabwe,this game scares me alot
,Recommended,264710,21539196,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Spliceddaddy,"The game runs quite well, it may need vsync for stuttering and some more graphics options.The Aesthetic is beautiful and it is very atmospheric. Visually looks a bit like the Sanctum games.Searching for blueprints can be dull, but crafting and building is fun.There is not a huge amount of content in the game yet, the Aurora (Crashed Ship) is pretty ugly and I went to some depth past the Aurora and found only rock. But what there is is beautiful and interesting.I think with crafting, it would be nice if the materials were more alien, with alien names. I do like the fabricator though.I feel the game needs more intelligent interaction, O.K. it's a survival game, but it would be nice to find ruins or some old tablets that we could use the scanner to translate.In it's current state, it is quite light, you could play in the creative mode and discover everything in a couple of hours. However, the potential is here for a great game. Just do what Bioshock did, put some recordings in the game."
76561198015265677,Not Recommended,264710,28841252,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,florian.rasche,"Playing in VR is definitely not recommended, instant motion sickness... Pitty, seems pretty enough..."
,Recommended,264710,17383900,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Velvet Beats,Tis an absolutely beautiful game with many different places and things to explore.
,Recommended,264710,33214023,Posted: 3 July,all,Benzibub,"This game is an absolute joy (and sometimes terror) to play! From the first moments of the game I was enthralled, and even now 15+ hours later I still keep having ""wow"" moments when exploring and I discover a massive wreckage, or a new species, or a vast cave system or hear the low rumbling call of some creature in the distance. And for every one of those moments there's a plethora of ""oh %&#*"" moments when I dive too deep and can't see a thing, or lose track of my air and have to make a mad dash for the surface, or a shark appears out of nowhere and chomps on my giblets.Crafting and base building take time for sure, especially since you need to find blueprints to be able to craft a lot of things, but it pays off when you can finally build a base and kick back in your pressurized love den, watching the wildlife go by while your diving suit extracts various bodily fluids to make drinking water. *thumbs up*On a final note, I can't believe that, number one, this game is early access, and number two, that it's only $20! I picked it up on the summer sale because I'm wary of early access titles, but having played it now, I would be perfectly willing to buy this for $30 or even $40.I can't wait to see where the game goes in the future! I'll definitely be along for the ride!"
76561198303114771,Recommended,264710,33248686,Posted: 4 July,all,xdrogamer,It`s a very nice game. I like it a lot !
76561198319470361,Recommended,264710,33333995,Posted: 6 July,all,bendy,It's sad no multiplayer :( but awesome game
,Recommended,264710,30960460,Posted: 5 April,all,Jay0782,Great game even in beta
,Recommended,264710,25961861,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,QualityChops,Dank
76561198059437172,Recommended,264710,23828426,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Alex the dalmatian,"Ah update!Ah update!!!AHHH update!!!!!I love every update.This game is so good in everyway.The story gives you chills, + you can make your own one (almost).It comes up so much new stuff that make you love it more and more. i love ""fysical"" games and first i wonder, do you not need to sleep. then this update with bed. you grow food. you need water to drink. Need to hunt, build a powerful station that make your searching after your ""friends,family,teams"" that probebly is upeaten by seacreatures little more comfortable.SO much to see so much to do. i write this short so you not all get tierd of my writtingGo and get this game. it is worth it´s money!(can i press the recom. button  more then once?)"
,Recommended,264710,23828635,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tanya von Degurechaff,"Finally, an early access survival game thatdoesntrun away with your money.Its an underwater survival game, a somewhat unique environment. And with new content being added regularly, I'd recommend buying it to support the developers."
76561198090651683,Recommended,264710,24889505,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Thor,"More depth than No Man's Sky, and it's gorgeous."
,Recommended,264710,26575765,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Vanillasandvich,"I would say I reccomend Subnautic for several reasons, One of the strongest being its unique. Subnautica is set on an alien world far in our future, Anything could happen. We have different kinds of creatures, Some predators and some prey. The game is set underwater (Mostly anyways) so there is also a slight horror aspect to where sometimes you cant see whats under you.Overall I would rate the game:Four out of Five Sandvichs.Game is Unique, That should be enough here. <3(Note: I did buy the game while it was in early access, Many of the features currently in the game where not in when I played it.)"
,Recommended,264710,31335704,Posted: 24 April,all,LadyAquarius,"If you like sea monsters and exploring the depths of the ocean, this is a good game for you. Wish it had a co-op option though."
,Recommended,264710,29836181,Posted: 10 February,all,I Swallow,"i have a deep crippling fear of the ocean, 10/10"
76561198218139687,Recommended,264710,33149312,Posted: 2 July,all,Ewokosaur,"The game is only for someone who wants to get really devolped in the game. This game isn't for everyone. But if it is for you, i suspect you will leak hours and hours into this games open world and lore"
,Recommended,264710,21975021,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Kaiten,"Ah Subnautica a game I meant to do a review on a while back, one of these early access games that are done right and oh the glorious of underwater elements and swimming, which is in my case I love the most and with sand box game play with it?! Yup you heard me; the devs listen to the community and do big updates monthly and never disappoint me. I can see a big future for this game and even have a chance to stand to the point where minecraft is once this game has multiplayer game play in it and more updates. As of now it’s just fun to mess around of what it’s got, for a 20$ early access game, it’s almost amazing as a triple A game, despite the bugs and some performance issues but overall with the amazing graphics and building and discovery Alien life under the sea, its amazing. I hope to see more big changes and I plan on sticking with it until the end.Final Verdict: 8.8/10"
,Recommended,264710,32924749,Posted: 28 June,all,TheLastWTF,"A relaxed survival game, where you can explore the depths of the ocean with your little seamoth and get attacked by the smallest creatures there are in the game, now imagine if you get face to face with the bigger ones.This game is promising. Highly recommend."
76561198164785065,Recommended,264710,17127413,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Shadowghost2077,1.wake up at 7.002.play subnautica (no breakfast)3.play for 1 hour4.look at time 5.005.eat supper6.play for another 5 minutes7.look at time 12.008.sleep9.repeat
76561198054970478,Recommended,264710,25221022,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Born2Remove,WAY WAY WAY BETTER THAN NMS!!!!
76561198356648022,Recommended,264710,32726518,Posted: 24 June,all,angienicoll,Best game ever! I really love the ocean and i live seamonsters!! So this is the perfect game for me!I played it and I love the story and everything! Gg!
,Recommended,264710,17179984,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Soldier_BLG18,"Freaking awesome!, am in love with this game. Am addicted to it. You guys are really focused into updates!"
,Recommended,264710,20666063,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Ianfan4 Masked Cutie♥,Subnautica Is An Amazing Game Only A Few Games Have Done Underwater Exploration Survivals And I Have To Say Subnautica Is The Best One Its Amazing And The Devolepers Are Still Updateing The Game With More And More Stuff I Recommend You Buy It :3
,Recommended,264710,24625319,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Tetrahydro Trav,"Great game, co-op would be amazing though."
,Recommended,264710,21953918,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Jimmy,"If you like exploring, well thought out crafting, massively addictive gameplay, rewarding upgrades, and sensible survival system then it's a no brainer.It was totally worth the £8 I paid for it in the sale, £15 still a very good price - fully recommended, especially because it's still in early access.Things I would personally love to see implemented, with all due respect to the developers:- Some kind of story that involves building a rocket to leave the planet and return home.- A more in depth exploration through the crash site to acheive objectives- A craftable map that fills in as you explore, and that you can annotate.- Large friendly lifeforms like dolphins- Floodlights that don't require a battery, powered off solar or whatever instead- Wider beam on the flashllght- More of this beautiful game in generalEDIT: After the ~30 hours I've played I would say I've had all the fun I can have off this game... For now."
76561198094120513,Recommended,264710,24876454,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Tyragarn,Pro: I like the ocean.Con: I have thalassophobia
,Recommended,264710,15882766,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Orangutangible,early access gold this game is amazing provides hours of fun with each new update and the atmosphere is both wonderful and scary
76561198128124170,Recommended,264710,21859679,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Tyranotile,"Great Game. I don't have an All-Too-Amazing PC, so it runs terribly, but I know with the proper set-up, this would be an amazing game. Altogether,  7 or 7.5/10 Game."
,Recommended,264710,29944539,Posted: 15 February,all,H8M4Ch1N3,"I bought the game and I don't regret it AT ALL. Sure, it did waste a lot of my time and I lost some of my friends but hey, now I've got an underwater base that I can live in and nothing else will ever matter to me..!Seriously though. The game has nice building system (UNLESS you wanna build above water, you might want to kill yourself then), some creatures are FKIN' TERRIFYING, there's a lot of things to collect and learn (I seriously printed a map of the whole place and I still don't know where to go...). It's really, really enjoyable no matter what happens.Just keep in mind that this review is completely biased cause I've always loved swimming and sea and horror sh*t (And it can be scary sometimes, trust me) andMindlessStuffAndThangsCollecting™and I would sell my soul to be able to find Atlantis.PS. I was near Aurora, Reaper went for me, I dodged him (like, literally moved away) and he turned the other way and went straight for my base. Then I had a Reaper Leviathan in Safe Shallows waiting for me to stumble. I killed the ♥♥♥♥er with 4 knives."
76561198091906572,Recommended,264710,27172858,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,❤𝓛𝓲𝓼𝓪❤,very beautiful game!
,Recommended,264710,14088494,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,pusman,I love underwater stuff.
,Recommended,264710,14639024,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Noodle?,It is a very detaled game and i love it
76561198138308335,Recommended,264710,14651478,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,DrsparklzXP,i just bought this and its not in my library can someone help me?
,Recommended,264710,14170986,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Tomas018,
76561198056895180,Recommended,264710,20712579,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Mr Clean,Dont buy this game until it comes outBut if you're needy like me buy it (Runs ok on med spec system) then play thought it once and then never play or look at updates and videos until it comes out
,Recommended,264710,17306501,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Spooky Shmoogy™,"I built my base on land, and it still flooded.  I have failed"
76561197966562725,Recommended,264710,23909975,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,flyinghitcher,"So time to do a short review, This is very promising and already polished survival game. It's pretty, not too difficult to find guides on youtube. It's lack of storey and multiplayer is the only let downs. It's not bug free, but you can expect that with a game still in development. I'd love to try the VR mode, but lack the hardware :DGameplay 7 / 10Graphics 7 / 10Sound 6 / 10Developer 9 / 10"
,Recommended,264710,31476228,Posted: 30 April,all,Blu3,"If you have Aquaphobia, Bathophobia, and/or Thalassophobia. This just might improve or worsen your condition."
76561198044773785,Recommended,264710,33053214,Posted: 30 June,all,pabloice917,subnautica is a game that took surival and put it under water. and i love it. but i i wish it was co-op
,Recommended,264710,23716882,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,[GGS] Sgt Space Sloth,"By far, one of the most beautiful games out there. It's very rare for graphics to make a game worth buying, but this is a very rare gem. Between the serenity and the panic attacks, this survival game has it all and does it all beautifully."
76561198034306799,Recommended,264710,26254846,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,celestialmoonfire,"I have never wanted to recommend a game more than Subnautica. Everyone needs to at least try an hour or two of this game, because that's all you'll need to get hooked. I've been playing since the time when the Lava Zones were odd looking carved out boxes of rock, and it's only gotten better since then.The only downside to this game is that I've discovered just how afraid of the deep ocean I am."
76561198202415720,Recommended,264710,24043133,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Skyrimpl12,do a DLC for Subnautica (Multiplayer) But For free for people who have subnautica.
76561198074158263,Recommended,264710,22302630,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,cheese_PETE,Big Fish = HOLY $H!TBigger Fish = Oh hey broSmall fish= PLEASE DONT HURT ME11/10 would $h!t by self again
,Recommended,264710,18449769,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,♚ Shibazaki,This game has so much potential it's fappable.
76561198254143292,Recommended,264710,18444211,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Iamsome1,♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME GAME I RECOMEND IT FOR ALL PEOPLE ITS WORTH THE 20$ ITS SO ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME
,Recommended,264710,31094160,Posted: 12 April,all,anoemly fan #57 xddxd,"Subnautica is still in EA, but it's got lots of potential. It is also EXTREMELY terrifying to go down into the Abyss of Doom (also known as Ocean xD). Beware: this is not your typical Survival/Crafting game! AGAIN: IT'S TERRIFYING!!!"
76561198120504022,Recommended,264710,20547344,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,[C-DALE] DR TENNANT,could this be multi player in a update
,Recommended,264710,19954075,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,قكههر,"It's not your usual survival game, instead of waking up randomly in a forest to punch trees, or wake up on a coastline to run to the nearest town. You are the SOLE survivor of a crash that killed everyone on board, except you of course. The fact that you have to survive a water planet is challenging, predators, hunger, hydration, BREATHING even. All of this while trying to make sure you don't die. For an Early Access game, buy this while it is on sale because from what I've been reading, the devs are doing a great job pushing out good patches, updates and content. Be warned though, there isn't a full game in here yet and you will find items and places still under construction. Nonetheless I plan on putting a lot more time into enjoying this game."
,Recommended,264710,20167521,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Hunty,Wow i love this game very unique compaired to all the other games in my steam library Highly recommend you buy it
76561198118614528,Recommended,264710,21860920,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Mr. Munchmeat,My biggest fear when buying the game was if it would work on my computer as a lot of reviews talk about how they experienced crashes and bugs. After almost 3 hours of gameplay I have been fortunate enough to not have any issues. Having said that I'll recommend the game since I actually got to play it. The game is basically minecraft with better graphics and underwater.
76561198027191369,Recommended,264710,22340339,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,iceman040777,well planned and thought out game with alot of regular updates in early acess.  well worth the money.
,Recommended,264710,23744409,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Slimy,pie
76561198082018436,Recommended,264710,33188508,Posted: 3 July,all,Crafty_Shadow,Add Coop pls!
,Recommended,264710,19959839,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bago,"Amazing survival game with real fear, by a great development team.Been following Unknown Worlds for years and these guys put out very good looking, optimized, and interesting games. Normally I don't recommend playing these early access games as many seem like cash grabs, but this game might as well just say Access, because even in the games current state, it is a worthwhile purchase.The fear in this game is real, I don't think I have thalassaphobia, but I would argue every human has a great fear of the unknown, and this game gets that. The first time you nakedly swim over an abyssal ledge when hunting for that much needed rare ore or component for your sub, and all you see below you is darkness...Also VR support for the game is already in, next year when the VR devices start dropping this is definitely going to be one of the games to check out.TL;DR - Great game, good development team, real fear, worthwhile purchase"
76561197971106124,Recommended,264710,19954140,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Harrier,Simply one of the best games I have ever played.
76561198059053562,Not Recommended,264710,29238098,Posted: 13 January,all,Cerbrus-,"Don't get me wrong, this game has great visuals and a great concept going for it, but the problem with that is every five seconds textures are loaded in causing the entire game to either: slow down so much you give up or completely crash. I do not reccommend this game even when it is on sale, the developers have left too many problems unfixed."
76561198028019059,Not Recommended,264710,29198776,Posted: 11 January,all,8:Thirty,Way too many crashes crashes after respawning crashes after loading new areas fps drops like crazy this game is just complete unplayable at the moment and the whole delete files doesnt work for every one ive used all the things that people are going to post under this they dont always work after about 5-8 hours on a save game is unplayable untill a patch comes through this is way to buggy and crashy even for alpha wich its been 2 years now alpha should be more stable than this
,Recommended,264710,33230717,Posted: 4 July,all,Ircghost,"I bought this game during the steam sale, expecting 'just' a fun game for my newly acquired steam link + controller. This game however turned out to be one of my best buys so far. It is a really fun, aesthetically pleasing and combines free exploration with an unexpected deeper story that you can unravel at your own pace.The game is still in early access, and the development team still has quite a lot of items they are changing and adding, so I'm curious to see what they have in store for the final ending.There are still a couple of missing items / bugs, but I hope that they can be finished at one point. I for one, would really like a map that you draw in as you explore, preferably with the option to add comments at certain coordinates.Pro's- Beautiful- Many!! different biomes- Unexpected biomes- Interestnig background story + locations- Good balance between danger and exploration (mostly not too dangerous, unless you go in the deepest and farthest areas)Cons:- Quite a couple of small bugs (Early access however)- no map, which makes navigation very tedious. More luck than skill- Would like more (optional) aids with finding all the blueprint parts, I'm 13 hours in but have barely found a thing.TL;DR: Great game, fun and beautiful. Has a couple of missing items, but active development."
,Recommended,264710,16888822,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Libertygeek,"Unknown Worlds is crazy great about updating Subnautica.  They keep their Twitter accounts flowing with tons of great material and they are always moving ahead.  This is one of those games that I have no doubt will be completed and will move ahead to a full release.   I really love the game and want to play it however I am holding off playing because I want to hold off for full releaese and I know it is coming sooner than later.  Did I mention that outside Stranded Deep that I think that this may indeed be graphically one of the most beautiful games on Steam in my opinion?   The graphics are some what cartoony but we are talking SciFi here so I am fine with that.  At anyrate don't let the fact that I have less than an hour of game play fool you, I keep track of the development of the game, I just don't want to play myself out before release and this like The Long Dark is one of those EA games that while it begs me to play I manage to hold off eating the cake until the icing is on it."
,Recommended,264710,31486264,Posted: 1 May,all,Dakog Bunal,I'm gonna be a Marine Biologists
,Recommended,264710,29675234,Posted: 3 February,all,FZ | Nori,Multiplayer pls?
,Recommended,264710,23682312,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Locklave,"Fun game for anyone that doesn't have issues with being surrounded by water all the time.Bases are fun to build and aren't annoying to build like in other games, you won't be farming materials for 2 hours for it to look cool and be functional.Some down points of it.- Some fish are extremely annoying, in that they are dangerous if you go near them- Some fish bite you, I'm sure no one is shocked by this- Some fish won't shut up, don't build a base near loud fish. It's like living next to an airportThey are adding new stuff and there is a chart with details. I can't wait for the finished version of the game."
76561198089682774,Recommended,264710,28799210,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,An Unnamed Shadow gamdom.com,this game is good and creepy BUT it could bee so dream game if there would be a multiplayer pls add it
,Recommended,264710,28675400,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Fun_4_U_N_Me,It would be so much better if they finshed precurser things than made multiplayer!Pls
,Recommended,264710,25010821,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,the marksman CSOFFER.ME,good game and had lots of fun but i dont have the best pc to run it
,Recommended,264710,28858473,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kalimah,This game is sick in VR. Will never go back to regular screen for this game!
76561198042296378,Recommended,264710,22042165,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ChrisAKAPiefish,"For an early access game this is brillaintIf it were full release it would be good with a few issues...and that's pretty good for an early access game.I've played this for a while now and I've had a lot of fun. I now have a base, my seamoth, the moon bay and I'm now looking for cyclops parts and getting more adventurous in doing so. All the NPC's work well, the AI works fine, bugs are minimal and other than when the game is loading bits like the mushroom forest, it runs really well.This game isn;t even finished yet and it's already a lot of fun. It was completely worth the money.My only gripes are the lack of tutorials (though I'm sure this will be added), the fact that the escape pod moves and there seems to be some sort of bug with finding solar panel fragments as I have found 1 fragment throughout the entire time I've played. I had to use the console to get solar panels in the end cause it completely halted any progress in the game.Other than that, this game is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,264710,24957736,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,KJ Nightmarez,"You are abord a ship over an alien planet that seems to be most water.The ship crsahes and it seems you have survived.Now you must try to survive not knowing what exactly is there to be delt with and see if there is any other survivers that need to be rescued.Build a base under sea and even collect fish as a pets, find all sorts of things that have been from some other people that seemed to live there long ago, where they are now is up for you to find out.Battle or flee from all sorts of different types of creatures and make you mark in this scarey planet, maybe one day you can return home...PROS~lots of funlots of alein fish to findhorrified isnt the word when you find something and turns to be a huge........CONS~does not surpport 3 monitor play yetnot able to play with friends yet.."
,Recommended,264710,21868737,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Uke,"I heard this game can help player cure Deep Fear.======== one year later edit===========================================No,It's fxxking worse.Now i take 3-4 shxts per day."
,Recommended,264710,15668188,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Ozhelvaci,The best game i ever played
,Recommended,264710,32791113,Posted: 25 June,all,Viesha_LV,"9.5/10I first pirated this game to check it out, got hooked on in, played for atleast 50+ hrs and finally got the chance to buy it,ProsGreat replayability.Visually stunning,beautilfully and well designed sea life.Amazing sound,from the music, sea life sounds, to subtle background sounds.ConsNo Co-op/Multiplayer, :[Some bugs, it's early access so its understandable"
76561197995526256,Recommended,264710,14336069,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,P75,"Subnautica looks great and runs surprisingly well. I haven't experienced poor framerates or any crashes so far. Very promising game, looking forward to see how it progresses in the coming months. As of now, there's not a ton of stuff to do except exploring and crafting the few items available. I'd say you can do it all in a matter of an hour or two. If you expect a solid feature rich game, save your money for now.However, If you (like me) are curious to see where the game's headed and want to support the devs and provide feedback, the game's well worth the 20€ in my opinion. Unknown Worlds Entertainment have a proven track record and I'm very confident that the game will be finished. Updates are coming all the time and the game just gets better and better."
,Recommended,264710,14520426,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ruaken,"13089 build is stable, pretty, smooth running*, and not entirely featureless.  Gameplay shows great potential that I am eager to see fleshed out.It is, yes, yet another voxel-based survival/exploration/open-world game.  How many more will come out in the next year or two?That complaint aside, I like where this is going.  I am excited to get the Cyclops built, as, let's face it, a submarine/base that carries your submersible is just too cool not to toy around with...Subnautica is a nice sort of future-vision version of Stranded Deep, which, by the way, is another great survival game in early access at the moment.  If you like VBS (voxel-based survival) games, check this out while it is still only $20.  If you like the ocean in general, at least peruse the store page for the pictures and videos, or check out some YouTube LPs...*Some bugs, it is alpha, after all, but I have yet to see any crashes."
,Recommended,264710,25466718,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Wiggles,Very great game i should say if you open world adventure games here you Has improved alot!! since i first played i do recommend.
76561197964734178,Recommended,264710,14047940,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Apone,"Its not very often that a game in early access can come out and impress so much.  This my fine people is one of those titles.  The devs clearly seem to want to make this a super game and hats off to them with the content already released.  I`m really looking forward to the next patch and the delights it will bring.  The latest patch which included a save/load feature  was very much needed, also the observatory (very useful for the deep places).  If your intrested in underwater survival this game is for you, highly recommended."
,Recommended,264710,21894893,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Stimshock,">>Ship crashes into planet, only survivor>>spend the first night going ""wtf dis?"" ""who dat?"">>run away from big nasties>>find blueprints and start building stuff>>gather lots of materials and build a huge base>>survive for days on end, avoid predators with no problem>>start decorating base with plants and aquariums>>empty out inventory to make room for plants and animals to place>>drown in aquarium deciding which plants to placeA++I have nothing negative to say, which is definitely weird for me. Bugs are expected in Early Access, none have been game breakingly bad and updates come regularly with good improvements over previous builds. But thank god it does not have zombies or pvp multiplayer inviting the children with assault rifles and teamspeak to come destroy everything that makes it worthwhile."
76561197995326608,Recommended,264710,31779035,Posted: 15 May,all,baldanders_,"This game just keeps getting better. Seriously, the updates have been substantial."
,Recommended,264710,14491845,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Anticept,"The foundation is laid for a fantastic game.Never thought I would have so much fun, and yet have so many jump scares, from an underwater game!"
76561198097411162,Recommended,264710,16725845,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,-DI- Grimesy,So far a really good game. Looks like the developers are actually putting some effort into it which is quite a rare occurence.
,Recommended,264710,21007229,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Meatwad943 (Aaron),"Pretty FunGreat exploration.Still no developed story, but there is so much room to grow.The out of water is still a little awkward.Being able to live where ever you choose is pretty cool aswell.All in all...Explosions. Sharks. Whales. Fish. Seabases. Alien Babes (not yet). 10/10"
76561198088321636,Recommended,264710,24850280,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Portal Universe,"This is probably one of the best games I have ever seen in my life. These developers clearly know how to make a good game, how to set up the enviorment, creatures, how to put the biomes around you the go deeper gradually, or even sometimes a steep decline but in the perfect spot. This game looks like it's the work of mother nature, not humans. The infinite imagaination of the developers will make this game on of the best of the decade, or even the century. Like minecraft, this game is being added on to, and beleive me, I will show this game to my kids and grandkids, I'll show it to my friends, and people I love. This game was designed perfectly, and the gameplay is wonderfully done. When this game is finished, there will be something more grand than the reaper leviathan or sea emperor awaiting us, and there will be a way off this planet. Get this game, you will NOT regret it."
,Recommended,264710,25351273,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,hlgl2,Best early access game on Steam.
76561198111512614,Recommended,264710,21860431,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,ElektroFCK,"Im back.Tried it last year in really early alpha, had low Fps, now i rebought it again. I didnt gave it back in anger last time, but it was very laggy and there was less to do.Now there was the H20 update and i like the way the games develops.Underwater is scarry and amazing at the same time. I hope for a story or campaign or a multiplayer in the future. But if this game keeps a sandbox game i can live with it too, if they devs add a lot to explore and to create.And animals. There can never be enough animals in such a game!This time i will keep the game, cause its a excellent deal for 12 €."
,Recommended,264710,28392471,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Painless,"This game is really good.  It takes you to a world you rarely go to.It's interesting, it is varied. It's dangerous and fun."
,Recommended,264710,25216423,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Pickled_Clitoris,"Such a great game, i own the majority of steams early access survival games and this has been the only one worth any money.It's well polished and everything just works as it should, I would say it lacks content but for the price it really doesn't as theres plenty to do and explore, just hoping they release some DLC and expansions in the future.100% worth the purchase."
76561198006397241,Recommended,264710,33701061,Posted: 21 July,all,CodeOstego,Purchased this on during the 2017 Steam sale. One of my all time favorite games. Ended up putting 18 hours my during the first day. It is still early access however other than the finishing touches this comes off as better than a AAA game. If you are into survival creative games this is the game for you.
,Recommended,264710,29426500,Posted: 22 January,all,POTATO,best came evapls add multiplayer
76561198077064536,Recommended,264710,26380172,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Distorte,"This game is pretty good, However after a while i did have to keep a break otherwise i wouldve got burnt out rather quickly! :)"
,Recommended,264710,16501410,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,WHERE THE MONEY LEBOWSKI,It's a game with fish i think...I'm not sure...
,Recommended,264710,26595848,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,PS|Shadow Master,Its good just wish it had multiplayer
76561198119351901,Recommended,264710,15699711,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,I am MAD,"I would even spend money to the developers, just that there will be multiplayer!!! please do it, please. I think then will many more people play this awesome game !!"
,Recommended,264710,24997990,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Rob.Fag.24,"This game is really fun and I really liked it!But I refunded it because its too hard to find materials and it gives a minecraft sensation which I dont want!Still a great game, just a bit hard to play."
76561198036737209,Recommended,264710,32353746,Posted: 11 June,all,Swordless Mimetown (Shake),"Best game I've ever played in my 30 years of life as a gamer.The sense of adventure and discovery makes for a addicting game, the survival aspect really enables a deep immersion experience, and the mystery keeps one interested to no end. Its beautiful colors and shapes are a delight.I wish I could forget about this game so I could play it all over again as if I didn't know anything about it; so I could savour this for the first time again."
,Recommended,264710,25064958,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ottomic,"I think it's about time I did a review on one of my favourite games in my whole library.Subnautica opens up with a bang. A boom, rather. Your lifepod moves away from an exploding spaceship, everything shakes, you are knocked unconscious, and a few minutes later you wake up on a burning escape boat. After putting out the fire, you climb the stairs. Nothing but water and the fiery wreck of a huge spaceship in the distance.And then you dive into the water.What follows is a survival experience like few others I've encountered. You'll need to eat and drink, sure, but mostly you'll need to make a sense of where you are and what to do next. You'll scan alien life forms, you'll gather breadcrumbs of information in the shape of PDAs and signals, you'll build kickass devices small and big, and you'll recover what little there's left in the wreckage of what used to be your ship in order to further your survival chances and exploration of the strange, frightening, and fascinating world of... whatever planet you ended up in.First off, you'll need a scanner. This scanner allows you to gather information of most of the things, inanimate and otherwise, around you. Afterwards you'll need to explore. Once you get yourself a vehicle, you'll venture into the dark waters and discover a variety of biomes and creatures, and gradually you'll pick up signals that will point you towards where to go, although the best exploration is the one oneself does. Subnautica doesn't feature too many weapons (there are, just not too many and not effective on everything), instead speed and smarts will do far more for you than a harpoon ever would. This gives the game a sense of danger and suspense that won't wear off despite how many hours you play it, and will give it some difficulty although not too many, since you can take a bunch of hits from almost all animals without dying and medkits are infinitely respawning from the lifeboat you start in (and the starter vehicle renders you pretty much immune to any alien critter as long as you don't do anything stupid). Getting food and water won't be hard, but it will be a constant necessity and something to keep in mind on those longer trips. Later on you'll be able to access way more stable and passive sources of nutrients and hydration, so it does get way better later on. Base building is simple but very engaging at the same time, being able to only build a bunch of prefab rooms but with great liberty to do so, parts being very attractive and versatile. It's the perfect compromise for someone like me who likes to build stuff, but doesn't get into a block-by-block minecraft affair, with ugly polygonal structures resulting from it.Graphically, Subnautica is rather beautiful. Creature designs are nice, lighting effects are pretty, game runs reasonably smooth. Sound wise, the music is appropriate and rather catchy, but you'll probably spend most of your time cringing at the terrifying sounds of the wildlife around you.The content gating is pretty brilliant. Blueprints can be acquired by scanning fragments. Fragments are located in wrecks. Wrecks need to be discovered first, either by finding signals to them or by good ole' exploration. The game features a lot of places to visit, and you can visit them in whichever order you prefer or happen to. Levels are static so you could theoretically speedrun through them, but unless you're using a map you'll only have a very vague idea of where everything is, making the game very replayable. Progression is tangible and rewarding, and every blueprint scanned opens a new path to take. Depth acts as a limiter to what content you can access at a time with the technology you have at your disposal, and scanning new vehicles will let you access areas previously unaccessible to you. All in all, it makes the game flow really nice and keeps exploration and discovery a key element in the game. At a point you'll start following the trail of a group of survivors you were supposed to go find in the first place, which will eventually string you along the story and several of the key biomes, although some of them are there for the hell of it. All of them are very interesting and unique, offering different technologies on them although you might do a ""run"" of the game without having seen some of those.All in all, subnautica manages to marry relaxed exploration and survival like no other game in my library can. It is a great game that I recommend to anyone who might be interested in a game about surviving without confusing it with the survival mode in a first person shooter.9/10."
76561197995209569,Recommended,264710,24914899,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Zal,"I've been playing this after the no man sky fiasco, so far, it is an amazing game."
76561198041852671,Recommended,264710,32589973,Posted: 20 June,all,The_captain,"Very fun and challenging game, waiting on the multiplayer so i can play it with friends"
76561197963197825,Recommended,264710,16531989,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,IxBaRoNxI,I really enjoy where this game is headed!!
,Recommended,264710,17589403,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Blood_Skull_Boi84,"This might as well be the best alien/underwater exploration game out there. In my opinion, This beats World of Diving because IT ACTUALLY WORKS. However the lag can be a nightmare sometimes. Let us transition into a more in depth review of this game.I really enjoy the graphics and gameplay but in my opinion the story is a wishy washy mess. I mean what planet are we on and why the Hell did people move to space? I really like to savor stories when it comes to games, But the story here isn't really my cup of tea at all, But one of the most exciting parts of this is that the game isn't even finished and we have so much to look forward to.Ranging from small fish to overgrown monsters the size of trains, They are all enjoyable characters extremely interesting. The biomes kept my eyes on the screen the whole time because all of them are so beautiful. Except where you reach the end of the world and you go to Hell. The game can be kind of scary sometimes because you see huge whalelike monstrosities and dark biomes. Yikes.This game gets a 9/10 in my opinion. It would be a 10/10 if the framerate would be less wonky and glitches were removed for total experience. But that will probably occur in the final version of Subnautica.Great job."
76561198169090570,Recommended,264710,34419538,Posted: 22 August,all,batmanmalthe3,can you make it multiplayer
76561198308241232,Recommended,264710,25959090,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,sawyernreese,make it multi-player it would be the best thing ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<3
,Recommended,264710,23828649,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cosmic,"Awesome game, very interesting and fun sadly I dident have much fun with it since my computer ran it at 7 FPS ;P..."
76561198086017871,Recommended,264710,28428931,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Alan Quackbar,Will Coop be addeed?
,Recommended,264710,26460827,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Glenoid,"This game is an awesome survival game, it is one of the best i have seen ever. This has got to be one of the best early access games out there, it is a little glichy, yes, but the devs are constantly working to fix anything wrong with the game. You got a glich in the game? Just press f8 and type in what is wrong and then the devs will get the message and do there best to fix it. The devs are constantly updating the game which makes the game that much better.The graphics are pretty great and the storyline is not yet finished but it has so much potential. This whole game has so much potential, there are so many aspects to the game too. If you just think its an underwater survival game on an alien planet, your wrong. The game it pretty frightening too, thats why it has a horror tag on the game. There is an experimental (which is beta) version of the game which is more glichy but it has stuff in it that they are going to put into the normal version of the game. The stable version is not as glichy and better if your doing it just to play the game the way it is. I totally recomend this game to everyone, it is a great game already, with so many opportunities to make it even greater."
76561198080120012,Not Recommended,264710,29265972,Posted: 14 January,all,killer32160,"dont get me wrong. this is a good game with great potential and i cant wait to see how it develops in the future. but as is, the game is broken, laggy and hard to play in its current condition. chunks wont load, or load so slowly, draw distance is a few feet, bugs are everywhere, things dont work or work very badly. i have a computer that is up to the specs of this game too so its annoying how bad it runs on min settings. this game is still fun at times, but largely the lag, bugs and clipping issues ruin the game. still a good game, just needs a lot more work on bugs and glitches before it will be worth playing for any long stretch of time."
76561198202850702,Not Recommended,264710,28827552,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Krease,"I thought people were exaggerating when they said this game has lag spikes. My rig is well above recommended and the spikes make this game unplayable.  Looks good so far, but I'll wait till they update it and fix it. I can't recommend at the moment."
76561198111298139,Not Recommended,264710,29954180,Posted: 15 February,all,cardio211,"I really want to love this game. It has a beautiful environment that is immersive and a survival/crafting story that is on par with the best of those categories but...this game crashes too effing much. If I dont save every 5-10 minutes, CRASH lose everything I had up to last save. I have a really good pc for this and can easily max out the graphics. I stepped down the graphics settings to see if anything would change, but nope. Its so irritating, I probably wont play it again until release. This game takes a lot of time to get anywhere and unless you save a lot and don't mind the crashing, you won't be playing much. =("
76561198039394097,Recommended,264710,21044369,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Nitro,"Im a bit conflicted on this oneSo i bought subnautica because my steam recommendations listed it as being like survial games such as hurtworld and rust, and the game casts you as being a lone survivor of a massive crash who is just trying to survive.So the big downfall is, theyve promised you will never have a way to defend yourself.You get a knife, and a freeze gun. The enemies in the game are 10 times your size, can instakill you, and you are all alone and need to not die, yet you are a pacifist.That is going to bug me, alot, i didnt know that getting the game.Dont get me wrong , i LOVE the beauty and exploration and honestly hate hurting the little fish even though theres literally no other option to survive (cooking them alive or slicing them with a knife and getting blood everywhere is ok but a harpoon gun isnt?) The visuals in this game are the best ive seen in a long, long time, and I just cant fathom what kinda lunatics the devs must have making these choices.I get it, you dont want a minecraft game where we go and blast everything to see what it drops, i get you want us to be scientists and look aroundthen why did you cast is as a survival situation? Why not an exploration game? That is the disconnect. I totally get going into a weird world and not wanting to harm the fauna and flora, under great circumstances, where you can go back to a central hub for food and water, but this game simutaneously states it will never allow you to properly defend yourself while at the same time making it so you have to catch the cutest fish and cook them alive (or better, salt them alive, and if you take them out of the water they start gasping endlessely, you can hold all small fish in your hand)So take this reccomendation with a grain of salt, I AM recommending it because its so pretty and has a great system going, but buy this KNOWING you will NOT be allowed to protect yourself AT ALL. the best you get is a ""Stasis rifle"" that temporarily freezes enemies, and a knife that takes over a hundred strikes to kill some of the hostile fish (you will need to build 4 knives in total before even attempting it too) This is a survial game that SHOULD BE AN EXPLORATION game, one where you DONT have to hunt, the way they cast this as a survival game is possibly the most bizzarre choice ive ever seen, putting the player in a situation where they NEED to stay alive and can EASILY die (To everything from acid plants, giant gar like animals, massive leviathans that can insta kill you, exploding pufferfish) But forbid them to defend themselves at all, it astounds me totally.And lastly, heres the hard truth. your stasis rifle isnt enough, why? because if a leviathan moves into the are your base is in, you are dead, period, never getting out, start over or abandon the base and hope to god you dont get eaten on the swim back to a previous base. The ""Stalker"" fish that dwell in the deep (and are everywhere) attack often and the stasis gun, if you charge it fully, can hold one for a matter of seconds unless you manage to stick the projectile to a rock that the fish is near. Theres literally no hope of survival because they dont want you to try surviving.The biggest arguement i hear, again, is ""If you let people kill things, theyll kill everything"" and thats simply not true. In minecraft and similar games you get drops from killing them, and thats why people kill them. In say, ARK, you get supplies, but honestly you dont want to waste energy, life, or ammo on everything so you only take what you must and leave what is beneficial. The kind of person who kills everything is still going to try in this game even though his only method is the stupid knife.TL:DR Not a proper survival game, more of an exploration game that for some reason has a survival backdrop, bad execution, but the games beauty and the gameplay still make it worth a look on sale."
76561198014662470,Recommended,264710,14332614,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Make America Retribute Again,too much waterign  9/11
,Recommended,264710,17581682,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,WobbliestCrab,"Subnautica, this game has got a lot going for it. It isn't restricted to the creatures we have here on Earth, since it takes place on an alien planet, which makes every creature update exciting and enjoyable. The game itself is quite complete, even if it is in early access, and I have encountered only one or two bugs during my time playing it. All in all I hope Subnautica doesn't go down the path that other survival games have taken and instead, pave an entirely new one for the genre."
76561197975735730,Not Recommended,264710,28985867,Posted: 3 January,all,Tetrapack,"Full speed ahead into a let downAfter one year of updates it becomes clearer and clearer that subnautica seems to follow a lot of ea games. Fishing customers with a short glimps of awesomeness just to put a finished tag on it, relese the game and be gone. (Assumption but from numerous ea experiences on steam. It just smells like it)What does it rightIt presents an underwater setting. Thats something a lot of studios are afraid of. Especially the shallow waters look gorgeous and the sound is like doing a meditation. The models look nice especially the fish are funny and well made. There is just one map which is handcrafted but still well made. Nighttime looks very nice with all the coloured sea life.List of let downs-Guns:Its not a game of guns for sure. But one dev didnt want to implement them because of a school shooting in the US. Thats legit to decide not working on guns out of shock and grief. But why are there just so few alternatives? The hostile wildlife grew and there are just a few half baken solutions like Torpedos or stasis rifles. Why not more options to co exist? Why not more gameplay elements that refer to research marine biologists do? Why no optional ingame education against gun violence? The whole topic just feels wrong.-being childishSee strange creatures and wildlife is part of the fun but some design decisions have to be questioned. On one hand its the mass of hostile creatures and on the other... its creatures like sea dragons out of the mind of children. Just look at the wildlife on earth. Thats fascination enough without dragons and dinosaurs... Leviathan life forms are ok but their movement is sometimes more like glitching and rubberbanding insteat of the gentile movement of ray. And in real life small life forms are more dangerous than big ones. I also miss the feeling of swimming with whales and dolphines. To bring this feeling into a virtual world would have been 10k times better than putting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dragons in the game. Dragons!!! Really?!?!-Artificial length:You waste a lot of ingame time to unbelievable long tasks. Especially as part of a space travelling civilisation its unbelievable how poor your tech works.As example the dive depth of your vehicles cant match todays research submarines - even after crafting upgrades. Batteries for your vehicles and tools discharge still too fast. Also your oxygen tank. Why dont we have gas mixes to travel into greater depth? I want to enjoy the landscape of the reefs but i cant.- Also i have almost no orientation like a build in compass or map system. I have to craft a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hud compass and i just get a holo view of my suroundings with a tech upgrade. But i want a map where i can mark thing and plot waypoints. I also have to swap these things in and out of the item slot. I have no chance to integrade the upgrades in a single all in one hud.- Tech scanning was ok 1 year ago. But now even the basic room has to be scanned first to be build. But you can build the connection tubes between these rooms... errr does that make sense?Currently it also feel that those tech fragments have been put all over the place to make you travel more and to make em unavailable in early game. So it cuts you of from a lot of strategies. Multiple scanning of fragments gives you ore... also makes no sense. Underwater environment is gorgeous why do i get no time to enjoy it?- Food depletes also way too fast. Variety in nutrition doesnt play a role and your swimmsuit (or space suit?) seems to never ever suffer you from becoming hypothermic.- You need to scan tech or get resources? You can bet on it there's a hostile creature near by so you cant finish your task at once. At least without defensive weapons.-BugsYea bugs and glitches are there. Usually they dont hurt that much but currently you have dublication of wreck elements in an area which eats up your PC power. Some users seem happy with deleting cash folders every few hours but actually waiting for weeks now to get a hotfix is not acceptable for such a gamebreaker.-Console limitations for PC gamersYay as PC gamer my gfx card alone costs like a whole console. Not to mention mouse and keyb. So why do i get limited features who were clearly made for controller? See the building menu. You have only prefabed parts and the option to rotate. Fallout 4 has the same sickness but at least more variations. You can also look at the placement for buoyes, the tech scanning, grabbing/interacting with the environment - all made for controller. Also the world size of a few km - what a hughe ocean... Cant blame consoles for it but diving behind a certain depth you'll find nothing. Empty, no world build, no discoveries. Map just ends.Its a nice idea to cut your way into wreck parts but these thing are made for console too. Limited to certain areas like doors with a fixed way to follow.- Then other thinfs like the vehicles are produced via a mini construction station. The submarine just needs a few res and the tiny station - thats not believable and prolly also a leaning to console ui.-StoryTbh i never cared about it since i'm to immersed into reef life. But currently it seems they push the strory and they will release in a few month. I wouldnt complain if we had more features to do ingame but just reading pda's to get a story is not enough for me. Its just like of you found a structure and on the bottom is a pda with a story fragment. Sorry but thats not a good screenplay. I dont feel like i'm part of it nor do i feel like i discovered a missing piece because they have been thrown at you. But its good to know that you dont have to do the story to play the game and enjoy the sea life.-Useful design additions not madeThe game hungers for co-op. Devs said a while ago they will go singleplayer route wich is legit but such a shame. Its like not knowing what their world is made for.Mod support would be great to overcome building and crafting limitations - but also not there and prolly never will be.Refund or notThing is that you cant find the flaws in the 2h time limit. If you like a game with lots of environment interaction and useful tasks to do - then its not in yet. All what you can do can be experienced in a few hours then its just upgrading to do the same stuff deeper in the sea. It still looks gorgeous and immersive if it comes to visuals and sound design. If thats enough for you go for it. But Fullprice with 20 bucks is imo overpriced. Get it on sale if you dont want more gameplay elements to be immersed.Development speed is slow. They have their fixed scedule of updates and you have to live with that. They use trello to give an insight what they're working on. All legit but not my cup of tea. I prefer good old forums and community management. There have been updates with bug fixes and ""content"" in terms of vehicles and wildlife but in terms of meaningful things to do it almost have the same state than 1 year before.Subnautica is no ♥♥♥♥ game but it feels like a let down. And due to its well made parts it hurts even more.Ghost updateRevisited - finally the duplication seems fixed. But game goes down the drain:- still glitches and gfx bugs like your sub is full with water- complexity is missing bigtime eg crafting.- fire in sub is laughable. Overpower engine - fire breaks out - use extinguisher... ZZZzzzZZZ so innovative- They put a lot of story framents in... nice to have but i favour free play without story. But you can't avoid it like before because the game gives you a timer. You still can play but the timer does smth you still may not like to happen.- for every thing you need fragments now, even if they're around the escape pod... meh and in wreck sites you may see fragments like the welder but you cant scan em because of its location or a bug -.-"
76561198008324074,Recommended,264710,14847928,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,2ugly,Amazing this isn't in the top 10 for top sellers on Steam.  Already surpasses most that are. An alien underwater adventure that gives the gamer an environment artistically created for an atmosphere rarely seen.  If you like first person simulation inside a sub with base buidling and survival wraped in a sci-fi aquatic sandbox you can't go wrong.
76561198188213842,Recommended,264710,18344017,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Frost,i would love to see muiltplayer so me and my friend can play to gather and L.O.V.E THE GAME.
,Recommended,264710,26469418,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Maximo101,"Subnautica is my first Early Access Game and i am glad I made the purchase. After getting excited about NMS, I kept hearing people talking about this game.It has really fun gameplay, the exploration, survival and crafting are well designed.I am glad I supported the developers & I can't wait for full release to play through the story."
,Recommended,264710,17293772,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Eka Fury,"This is an early access game so there might be some bugs. You are a stranded space explorer on an alien aquatic world filled with many dangers, and your goal is to survive. The game is very intertaining and has phenomenal audio, so do play with surround sound headphones on.This game has 3 achievements.This game does not currently have trading cards as of now.This game does not have a badge as of now.This game does not have steam workshop items available as of now.graphics requirement (recommended)1 GB graphics cardbus width:  192 bitgraphics clock: 900 Mhzprocessor clock: 1800 Mhzshader clock: 1800 MhzMemory clock: 2050 Mhz(these are the recommended specs for the graphics card)you can use this program ar CPU-z to find your graphics card specshttp://www.filehippo.com/download_speccy"
76561198134794754,Recommended,264710,16572418,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Crudely Drawn Birb,Pretty damn fun for an early access game. Good price too.
,Recommended,264710,19219089,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Zer0 The Guitarist™,"This game is amazing (Apart from a few bugs) Its a very good game! I Recommend it to you guys, Since its like minecraft (I guess) But underwater.Also how do i turn my hud on. Please tell me."
,Recommended,264710,32024770,Posted: 28 May,all,ZigZagJack,I love it but i just want to be able to play with a couple of friends on my world
,Recommended,264710,24242364,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,hilian,"-Le me, swimming-Hear unnerving roar-Go torwards it for some reason-See giant 50-metre sea dragon snake thing spawn in heading straight for me-NOPE.jpeg-Get in my submarine thing called a Seamoth-Get ready to go back and ♥♥♥♥ that thing up-Hear roar again-Charge straight at creature-Creatures turns around, grabs my submarine and crushes it with me in it-regret.exe-Many hours later find bigger submarine called Cyclops-Go back to ♥♥♥♥ up the thing again-Charge straight at it-It turns and I miss it, ramming straight into a giant crashed ship, taking half my submarine's health away-dammit.jpeg-Creature rams me into the crash again several times and kills me11/10 would be ♥♥♥♥ed up by big scary creature thing againIn all seriousness, I can't stop playing this game. Send help. Please."
,Recommended,264710,33631894,Posted: 18 July,all,eDgEtHeHeDgE,Pls Add Multiplayer
76561198156478488,Recommended,264710,30189127,Posted: 25 February,all,Bman7,i like this game alot but they should add muiltiplayer
76561198025106649,Not Recommended,264710,28878518,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The Very Timekeeper,Played fine for four hours. Now it freezes regularly. Unplayable.
,Recommended,264710,25178287,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Vanilla,"I picked up a signal from Lifepod 8, asking me to come and help the survivors out. I headed into the direction of the signal, leading me towards the destroyed remains of what once was the gigantic spaceship that went by the name of ""Aurora"". It's gigantic and my SeaGlide was taking quite a while to reach the signal. I watched as the amount of meters left before I reach the lifepod slowly decreased and I watched my surroundings change. Everything was perfectly fine. There was no noise, except a few Stalkers and occasionally a Sandshark every now and then. 100 meters left. Suddenly, I heard a very close noise. And it was loud. Very, very loud and horrifying. I looked around me, terrified. I knew exactly that I had screwed up badly. As I turned to the left, I noticed their bodies. Two Reaper Leviathans, right next to me. I panicked and my heart began to race, adrenalin levels rising to the top. I thought they didn't notice me, so I continued my escape. Oh, how wrong I was. The Reapers began to chase me down and as I looked back, I looked death right in the eyes, about two meters behind me. My heartbeat must have been around 110 BPM at that point. I began to swim for my life, no longer looking back as I escaped the most threatening, most terrifying thing that I had ever encountered. It took me several minutes to get my heart frequency back to normal, even though I knew I was perfectly safe in my lifepod.This has to be the most terrifying, but also the most beautiful game that I have ever played in my entire life. Even though it gets me incredibly scared and stressed at times, I just keep coming back for more. Thank you, Unknown Worlds. Thank you for making the best survival/ exploration game ever. Please keep up the fantastic work. ♥"
76561198080273278,Not Recommended,264710,28111460,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,jonrk1999,"I have to say, I can not recommend this game in its current state, the game has a lot that it does well, it has a mystery about what exactly happened on the aurora, great survival elements, and diverse enemies, the problem is the enemies it has are far too powerful, in a game where from the beginning to late game the best weapon you have is a knife, an enemy that can kill you in one hit is a little unfair, also any tech that you get, you learn to craft from “fragments” and you find most fragments in enemy infested waters, the devs also seem to be actively moving fragments into harder to reach locations, the station you use to build your first vehicle at, is now harder to get than the vehicle, this game is no longer something you can explore, if you go out of your starting biome, you are surrounded by predators with no defenses, you have no means of quickly traveling, and the batteries in you tools run out faster than should be physically possible, the best way to play the game is to memorise the locations of all the fragments and get lucky reaching them, that or die a lot because you wandered to far into a dangerous biome."
,Not Recommended,264710,28622922,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,pockets,Unbearable lag spikes and framerate drops on high end PC's are definitely unexpected from a game this far in development.
,Not Recommended,264710,29099248,Posted: 7 January,all,MutantXenu,"NO SPOILERS HERE.I've got nearly 28 hours in this game and can say that the base game is absolutely awesome!  They've got the underwater theme nailed down perfectly.  For an early access game, there is certainly a lot of explore and discover.  However, as an early access game, it's still got several bugs associated with it and an incomplete end-game so you take the good with the bad.  I'd recommend holding off if you are thinking about getting this until they get things ironed out.Since Steam doesn't have a middle-ground, I'm going to give this a ""No"" recommendation for now, which I'll happily revise to ""Yes"" when the full-game comes out."
76561198056916145,Not Recommended,264710,29386630,Posted: 20 January,all,Guitardeth,Love this Game!!But it needs a lot of work. Many bugs and glitches along with major lag and crashing.  Used to play great but now aftermany updates it's giving me and my friends problems.If you buy into this game just remeber it's not a finished game.
76561197970689265,Not Recommended,264710,29117698,Posted: 8 January,all,Fod,BEWARE...does NOT support Vive hand controllers.
,Not Recommended,264710,31327782,Posted: 23 April,all,Attila Gorilla,"Great game, and a lot of fun to play, BUT terrible performance, even on high end machines. If you don't mind massive amounts of pop in and lag, then buy away. If you want a smooth gameplay experience, you'll be better off waiting for the game to be optimized. For me personally the performance issues are to great to recommend the game in it's current form.[Edit] It's been pointed out to me that this review is unfair. That to play a game for that many hours and then NOT recommend it is somehow disingenuous. I should clarify that the poor performance issues are relatively recent. The game ran fine before the last few updates, but has SINCE become a stuttering mess, with insane levels of pop in, and unstable framerates.I'm sure that the devs will address these issues in the future, but for the time being, and in it's PRESENT state, the performance issues are distracting to the point of unplayability."
76561198007750347,Not Recommended,264710,27697854,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rawles Dawg,"I bought the game all excited to see what it offered, and was absolutely disappointed from the first minute. The menus don't even work for heaven's sake. Not even the menus. I booted up the game and the opening cinematic didn't play; no sweat, I could still skip it. Then I noticed there wasn't any audio, brought up the menu with esc, and then I couldn't even select anything on it; the game was still running, I could move around, I could point at things on the menu, but I couldn't select them. To make things worse, after pulling up the menu, the mouse was not for looking around, it was now for pointing, so I couldn't play after that.I reloaded, tried to give it another chance (it's in alpha after all, one must be forgiving with such things) and I found the same problem. I can't play a game where the menus won't even work. Quickest I've ever given up on a game. I don't even care if there's some mod that fixes this, if the most vital, simplest part of the game isn't working I dread to see what else is broken."
76561198187604026,Recommended,264710,18763669,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,QuickMura,"this isnt a game for people who have lower than the minimum specs no, literal, it wont let you play the game at all i have a friend who saw jacksepticeye play it and he didnt look at the minimum specs it wouldnt let him play. if you do and can play this game it is fun and i can easily see myself sinking countless hours into exploring this vast ocean filled with friendly creatures and see monsters that could give you nightmares and will make stay clear from water in the real world so play this game if your into exploration and base building but if your not this wont please and win you over"
76561197970864200,Not Recommended,264710,28625374,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Stedios,"This does not work correctly on a HTC Vive, You cannot see most of the HUD and this there fore makes the game unplayable, Will get a refund.It does look very good underwater in VR none the less."
,Recommended,264710,26892787,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gFunk,Buy it now!
,Not Recommended,264710,29204864,Posted: 12 January,all,Nukesor,"Great concept and gameplay, but the devs should focus on bugfixing, before creating new gameplay.It's impossible to play this game for a longer time without experiencing all of the following:- Crashes- Currupted save games (instant crash after loading)- Glitches (Cyclops suddenly jumping 30 meters into the air and landing on top of the player)- Broken UI- Game spawns a structure 5 times on the exact same location (extremely annoying)- Lags- Freezes when playing a specific song- and many more.PLEASE FIX THIS GAME!! It could be so much fun to play. Right now it's just frustrating ..."
76561198133639057,Recommended,264710,17293671,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Doggo | csgoroll.com,it need multiplayer
,Recommended,264710,29516140,Posted: 26 January,all,Squill,it is an good gam
76561198038878190,Not Recommended,264710,29293756,Posted: 16 January,all,OverAchiever (S.P.Q.R.),"ONE OF THE BEST GAMES ON STEAM.DO. NOT. BUY.They promised us multiplayer, we need multiplayer. DEMAND IT BACK FROM THEM.DO NOT LET THEM TAKE OUR DREAMS FROM US!once they give us multiplayer back, buy it, get your friends to buy it. TAKE OVER THE WORLD WITH IT.But not before."
,Not Recommended,264710,26637442,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Hennesay,The Framerate is terrible in this game.
,Not Recommended,264710,29390590,Posted: 20 January,all,SirBreakfastBurrito,"At first this game was AMAZING! Everything about it was just amazing. From the bases to the Reaper, it was all awesome. Until I recently experienced SEVERE lag. We're talking 18 FPS at some points (I normally run at 50 FPS). I tried everything I could but it was all in vain. So until a new driver/update comes out, wait and just watch this game on YouTube.TL:DR, Good game, lags after 10 hours. Wait until new updates."
,Not Recommended,264710,27332242,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vinci,"Had to refund it after only ten minutes of playing. Bought it for the Vive and only tried VR, and for this I do not recommend it.Reason:Frequent stuttering and even displaying SteamVR shortly in-between because of missed frames. Also the visuals for the Vive clearly need improvement still because of being hard to read, HUD elements positioned too far in the corners etc.System: i7-2700k@4ghz, 16 GB RAM, GTX 1080.Maybe I'll try again if this game leaves EA at some point."
76561198293629982,Recommended,264710,30987525,Posted: 6 April,all,candleman aprentice,i think it is a great game that is really fun
76561198156561267,Recommended,264710,21175682,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,squatter34,"Buys gameInstalls gameStarts LauncherWarned That Graphics Card is InsufficientIgnores warningPlays gameFPS Is a bit choppy, everything else is fineSees gully with scrap and stalkerTakes Stalker's scrapThinks Got away with itGame CrashesSteam CrashesSteam.exe corruptsHas to rienstall steam10/10 Would ignore system requirements and have fish hack computer again.But seriously, it's a good game if you have the computer specs."
76561198200070085,Not Recommended,264710,26763321,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gabo,"I really like subnautica, I've been playing this game for many hours, but now whit the new update, I think that play subnautica is impossible. the lag is the highest I've ever seen. the game crashed more than 5 times in one day, and sometimes it just stops whithout crashing for minutes, in that case the only way to play is shut down subnautica retrying2 hours later or the next day. I hope they will fix that problems because I wanna play that game again.thanks for reading"
76561198095930575,Recommended,264710,31154929,Posted: 15 April,all,ATV l  Fire_GamingWolf,Please make this a multieplayer gamebut the game is good
76561198049548803,Not Recommended,264710,35168256,Posted: 23 September,all,Parthanon,"Great graphics but lots of bugs that the devs do not seem to be addressing.  They also continue to add cutesy things without giving any real way to protect yourself against the ever growing mega-fauna population .Exploration is one of the goals of the developers but constant harassment of creatures popping you out of your vehicle and killing you, or crushing your vehicle , or heavily damaging your vehicle after you use all of the feeble countermeasures is extremely frustrating!This game is fun for a while but it is going to make some major changes to make it worth buying.  Kinda sorry I paid for it!"
,Recommended,264710,15240640,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Kev,My fav game on steam
76561198272687720,Recommended,264710,30737057,Posted: 25 March,all,Drone12342,the game is awesome so many things to do in it.
,Not Recommended,264710,29287815,Posted: 15 January,all,Swyska,This game is absolutely incredible. Beautifully made. Eeeexcept for one thing... the control configuration is abysmal. Mousepad camera control that cannot be redirected while moving. When they fix that the game will be by far one of the best of all time.
76561198058190158,Recommended,264710,15644386,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Robotshark12,hey devs will you be adding the xo suit for the game and if so when?
76561198088227371,Recommended,264710,22069673,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Neat,"This game is just amazing, buy it..."
,Not Recommended,264710,29097548,Posted: 7 January,all,Toro,Absolutely amazing and beautiful game. Unfortunately it is unplayable due to the performance issues everyone is suffering with. These increase with playtime due to the architecture of the game. Unplayable in it's current state. A real shame.
,Recommended,264710,29097547,Posted: 7 January,all,alexrox91,"Very good. I don't know why my game lags (probably because I suck...) but I have not encountered any bugs, so I recommend this game for anyone looking for a survival or kind of sandbox game that has realistic graphics (unlike Minecraft...)"
76561198124316561,Recommended,264710,16269844,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Young and Menace,spent 20 dollars for this game and no matter what i uninstall nothing it never says my ram goes up or anythingand i know i have the right ammount of ram and the right graphics card fo this to work good ive seen tons of youtube videos for this game and it looks realy fun so even if it wont work properly on my computer i still recomend
76561198156061000,Recommended,264710,21662003,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,alexueg,Add multiplayer please :)
,Recommended,264710,24340514,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,123,This game has alot of depth.
76561198165543703,Recommended,264710,28455037,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Xzx_JT_THE_GAMER_xzX,there may be a problem with mac users there is a glitch where all entities spaz out tring to play right now and i need to use free cam to enjoy it
,Recommended,264710,25745118,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,McRawrson,"loved it but once you are near end game, you just feel like you need friends to play with you."
,Recommended,264710,23401705,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ditador Nicastro,Best EA ever! Buy it now!
76561198118759568,Recommended,264710,26298289,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Aux-Lux,"Hello everyone. What can I say? Very nice and relaxing game. I realy enjoy exploring game and finding my own way of gameplay. Crafting and progressing feels very rewarding, especially with vehicles. If you like sandbox games, with nice views and main goal to explore, you probably will enjoy this one."
76561198120873657,Recommended,264710,25192501,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Doogoo,Probably the best survival game on steam in my opinion.
76561198011862274,Recommended,264710,25840511,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Mr.Pengi,My favorite game i have ever played!the graphics are the best i have ever seen!Highly Recommend getting the game
11262112621126211,Recommended,264710,23031498,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,JeefCake,"The water made me feel light headed, buy this game... It may be glitchy, but it sure is fun... And scary.."
,Recommended,264710,17450745,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,BlackRambo,Ark but underwater.
76561198076735654,Recommended,264710,17217161,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Fawkes156,I need new pants
,Not Recommended,264710,28016638,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Neoky,"I bought it for the Vive. Do not buy this game for the Vive. It's seated only, does not use the touch controlls, and for those like me susceptible it causes severe simulation sickness."
76561198169582882,Recommended,264710,15805117,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,(SMILE),this is a very addictive game but needs a lot more work
,Recommended,264710,15491417,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kromel,"Subnautica has really surprised me.  I'm love exploration with dashes of danger.  The world is pretty and lots of things to look at.  Sometimes you get lost by exploring and completely forget what it was that you were trying to do.Unknown Worlds have done an outstanding job with this title, it deserves more notice.From crafting food to surive to making a large submarines and making under water bases, I'm really excited to see what is in the future.  Each patch releases more interesting things and places to explore.I'm looking forward to more content and my major hope is the introduction to co-op.  A chance to explore this beautiful world with friends would be fantastic!"
76561198175880363,Recommended,264710,24820679,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Dynamic Bro,A must-buy game
76561198061612669,Recommended,264710,25125871,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,MrBizradley,Very pretty. Lots of potential. Worth the 20% off. GG yo.
,Recommended,264710,24923036,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,The_Vulcan,"17,000 people have already told you this game is good.This is here just to bump it +1It really is a Gem."
,Recommended,264710,15477412,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Backpack,"I am so attracted to early access games it's bad, but this game is amazing already. there aren't to many bad bugs you can run into as far as i know, theres lots to explore and build."
,Recommended,264710,15685215,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,mstc,Really good game!
76561198226878332,Recommended,264710,15703384,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,thecandymaster120,I bought the game but i cant play it because i have a Mac computar
76561198081361939,Recommended,264710,15882653,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Seal Team Rick,AMAZE BALLS!!!!!!!!!!
76561198118855861,Recommended,264710,15878657,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,TheWaterMelon,i love this game
,Recommended,264710,16258171,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,JohnnyTheCow1,Great GameMy favourite so farGreat price
,Recommended,264710,16775733,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Malign Function,"*Written while in Early AccessA thoroughly enjoyable survival game. Not something I thought I'd say these days given the fac it seems every second game is trying to cash in on the genres newfound popularity.The scenario is different enough from the standard cash-in zombie cow that I played through for 5 hours or so on my first sitting.It _does_ need more content in order to continue to impress post 15-20 hours I'd say though. I'm hopeful that they can add in more basebuilding options, as well as perhaps inland abilities.But given it's still early-access, buy based on the things currently in game - At the price, there is enough content for up to 15 hours or so, and the setting is thrilling, without being obnoxious.It's different. Celebrate it for that fact."
76561198122683143,Recommended,264710,17003604,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,A Small Loan,Darling everything's better down here where it's wetter....
76561198062522256,Recommended,264710,17394083,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,tanker_in_tan,"THIS REVIEW WAS WRITTEN PRE-ALPHA STAGE.If you like the ""Survival Genre"", I highly advise throwing money at this.  It is in the works so a bug here a bug there, but nothing that takes away from the gameplay.  It has a very nice crafting system that lets you build tools, underwater bases, submersables, and even a submarine.  Unless you have the Wiki up in the background it might take a minute.The graphics are stunning.  As night comes some of the flora and creatures give off beautiful light shows.  Caves become pitch black the further you enter.  If you have a 3D headset I'm pretty sure you'd drown.  In your chair.The ambient music is so soothing that between that and the immersive and addictive gameplay 30 minutes turns into ""Wow, I forgot to eat lunch...and dinner!""  Then theres the calls of the large alien whale like creatures and the horrifying screams of all the nasties lurking in the deep.It has some strange things to it, for an example, there are round purple coral that beltch out oxygen that can refill your air tanks.  Also, you can simply surface to ""re-air"".  I'm not complaining.  It doesn't take away from the game.  I chalk it up to just being future tech of some sort since this is a Sci-Fi Survival.  You don't get rock axes here.  You get Star Trek like replicators.I have no idea how many hours I have when I wrote this.  I'm not sure what day it is.  I need to shave.10 out of ""blurp blurp blurp..."".  Would drown againUpdated review on 9-2-15The latest huge patch has offered up some fantastic habbitat upgrades.  A MOON POOL!!(for starters).  It lets you dock your seamoth in your base, recharging the power cell.  Larger rooms, bulkhead doors, glass corridors and an observatory.  They even added a bench to sit on.  While on your bench you don't lose hunger or hydration so its fantastic to sit and wait for your fragments to be analyized.I can't believe this is in alpha.  I've jumped on a lot of early access games and felt I wasted money.  Sure, these aren't complete games, but this feels done already and the Dev's keep working and adding to it.  People ask for co-op, but I like the feeling of dread being alone, much like the ""Long Dark"".  Not every game needs to be an MMO, I feel this is one of them.  Keep up the good work, Devs.  It keeps getting better!20 out of Blurp, Blurp...."
76561198032398767,Recommended,264710,15466681,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Unlife,"Very good game, that is only going to get better as they add more content. I often use it to relax and just swim around or patrol for interesting things in my Cyclops Submarine. try it out if you love Diving or the ocean."
76561198120024588,Recommended,264710,15498645,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Mesha,"It's basic, But thats because it's early Access. Can't wait for the finished project :)"
76561198121239530,Recommended,264710,15819944,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,akbniknak,"great games,cool feel,cool graphics. few bugs here and there but solid game and would be better if i wasnt scared of going deeper into the sea"
,Recommended,264710,15645051,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Prunus ♛,"This game, wow :D- Graphics looks absolutely awesome, and the game runs very well for an Early Access.- Gameplay wise, as of its current state around hours and hours worth of exploration.basic things you can do: explore, catch fishes, build bases,mini subs, BIG subs, and of course craft equipment etc.. etc.if you want to make/craft something in this game you have to collect resources, i think its a great idea. it keeps us, theplayers, on the go.Ever heard of the term ""Fear of the Unknown?""Well this game defines exactly that! in the shallow part (where you spawn, pretty corals, cute fishes, nothing scary,everything looks just like paradise) things feels great, you really feel as if you were underwater/scuba diving, mostlyeverything is friendly.BUT!!! wait until you build the seamoth(small submarine) and go to the deep/dark caves (has monsters) orgo even deeper where the sunlight doesn't even exist anymore. yeah...that $%^& is scary as hell not knowing what isgoing to appears next D:Hopefully they will add an online co-op feature, playing it with a friend will be even more fun and also less scary.Buy it, Cheaper than 2 movie tickets, this game will keep you at the edge of your seat.This game is already good and can only get better.The more people purchase this game, the more support the devs get to make this a great game."
,Not Recommended,264710,29421520,Posted: 22 January,all,JetStream,"Bottom line: The game is way to broken to look at right now.  Don't buy.The game has a ""Release Date"" of Dec, 2014, which is a bit over 2 years ago at this point.  Considering that, it is still more unfinished than a burger without the bread.  I'll now list just a few of the issues I've encountered myself.Some ""spoilers"" below.My primary survival mode save has become unusably unstable and crashes within 5 minutes of finishing the load with no readily apparent cause.  Uninstalling and reinstalling had no effect.The Cyclops (submarine) visuals sometimes cover over other GUI elements (i.e. the inside wall sometimes hides the inventory Behind it.)(Edit: Newly discovered issue) In Creative Mode, base-centered power is disabled for the following (at least).  Bioreactor, Nuclear Reactor, Thermal Plant, and Power Transmitters do not function in Creative Mode. Tried making base in Grand Reef outside cave split from Lost River and Inactive Lava Zone, and nothing would initiate/store power.Standing more than a meter or few feet away from storage lockers and opening them allows the action to happen, but it hides the inventory.  I understand the realism of being close enough, but don't just show a blank screen when too far away.  This means the player has to exit the inventory, move closer, then reopen the locker.  The game should not allow the action to happen until close enough.Removing arm attachments from the PRAWN suit sometimes results in the item being deleted (when the bug occurs once, it keeps happening.) Happens to drill arm, grappling arm, and torpedo arm at least (lost all 3 once.)Saving while in the Seamoth or PRAWN suit, then exiting the game will result in the player being ejected from them opon reloading (This one is more an annoyance than a don't-buy kind of issue, unless near a thermal vent, etc.)Coral, rock, fish, surface waves, and basically any other natural item (moving or not) will very frequently clip-through base structures.  If a structure is built at sea-level, wave visuals occupy the top 1/4 of the INSIDE of multipurpose rooms and moonpools.  Coral and terrain can clip through structure walls and floors. Fish frequently appear inside the base and ""swim"" through the air?  They can then swim through a wall to get back outside sometimes. Wierd alien fish they are! ;-)Similar to the previous, the PRAWN suit jump jet visuals keep running when in the moonpool AND cyclops sub.  The moonpool is ok, because it has an open bottom. However, the cyclops does not, so you see the jet bubble-stream clipping through the bottom of the sub even with the deploying doors closed and you 25m away.Another similar to previous... :-P  The front of the post-explosion Aurora in many places is currently a maze of clip-through walls, floors, and beams.  I found that you can see into many of the Aurora rooms from the outside very easily, but the player can get lost thinking ""Which walls do I have to pass through again to get out of this tangled mess?""  You can't go ""into"" or ""out of"" the walls of the ""correct"" rooms, just around them, so it's easy to think something is an entrance when its really just an x-ray wall.  Other visually solid walls nearby can be passed through.Clickboxes for some actions are way too small.  Moving the Mobile Vehicle Bay and the Waterproof Lockers is a pain (and opening those lockers too.)  Frequently, an attempt to click them in a particular place can be completely foiled by ambient wave motion.  Also, Creepvine Seed Cluster clickboxes can sometimes not show up unless at a precise angle, distance, and rotation from the item...""I have my mouse clicking right on it, just give it to me already!"" :-P It can be quite frustrating with bleeders swarming around and has caused me to go on a Seamoth ramming spree a couple times! ;-) (Before getting the Seamoth Perimeter Defence System item.)So, basically, I get the suspicion the ""Early Access"" for this game is an excuse to not FIX the the game. ""Oh, yeah, it's going to be buggy, it's Early Access!"" Really? It's been 2 years ofpost-releasedevelopment and most of my new saves still start getting to the point of unplayable in a few hours."
,Recommended,264710,18422243,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,bringer of doom,just amzaing
76561198130471328,Recommended,264710,21468136,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,you cant see me,most fun game expecially if i have a power out and have no wifi
,Recommended,264710,22233290,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,"Private AJ ""Skippy"" Hops","Game is seriously worth the money right now, there is a lot to do!Besides,Your momma is so fat, not even the Reaper Leviathan can eat her.Badumtssss"
76561198062670670,Recommended,264710,23506064,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,alicana,"Awesome game. Even though it is early access, everything seems so polished. Of course more needs to come in terms of endgame content but the progression is good up to that point. I really recommend it to everyone who like survival games and who likes to try something different."
76561198170015665,Recommended,264710,23384705,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ChanglingRemixed,"If you have a windows 10 hp 15 do NOT buy the game unless you are very good at handleing slow glitchy games,but it is stil a little fun"
76561198294508927,Recommended,264710,23231629,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Pewsiepie1223,i cant see anything in this game when i get in the game under the water it ok but when i get back up the screen change colour
,Recommended,264710,23136978,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Techdann,Beautiful and addictive game that has me wanting to find technology to explore even deeper into the depths.
76561198049192616,Recommended,264710,23138959,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Tao Long,Beauty and horror at it's finest.
76561198123284329,Recommended,264710,23216716,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Merett Eldrich,Buy it. Don't even think about it. Just buy it.
76561198298407451,Recommended,264710,23623944,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Besieg3,awesome some glitches
76561197980093801,Recommended,264710,22278301,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,kelpy g at bikini bottom smooth,"This is an amazing game, with amazing graphics, but honestly I have one thing that a lot of people think will make it a lot better. That thing would be multiplayer. A multiplayer, underwater survival game which holds spooky monsters and a huge and beautiful environment."
,Recommended,264710,23838686,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Emperor Solaris,this game is a freaking blast! start is a little bit boring but once you get the tools to build your own base and a submarine to explore deeper it is amazing! i keep discovering new things that blow me away and leave me in awe!the person imagining all these creatures and biome is a freaking genious!really feels like an alien planet!
76561198041313047,Not Recommended,264710,29448655,Posted: 23 January,all,rozarack,"Game constantly crashes.  Game recommends a Memory: 8 GB RAM and Graphics: Nvidia GTX 550 ti or equivalent.  I am running 12 Gigs of Ram and a GTX 750 TI.  It starts out ok until you venture out into areas with a lot of pixels then i crashes.  You can send the devs a heads up, but their is no way for them to tell you why their game is not working properly.  Game still needs to optimized or they need to change what they are showing for recommended system configuration."
76561198044913886,Recommended,264710,24046078,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Pimmie,"This game blows my mind!Ive bought this game Friday with the Steam sales and it's Perfect! The only down-side though is, You don't get a tutorial how everything works or how to make food/water but that's actully fun though because you are really exploring and testing! But like every survival game like Minecraft you get a wiki so sometimes i use that for information.- Survival 10/10- Graphic's 10/10- Story 10/10- Fantasy 10/10"
76561198109850813,Recommended,264710,16867135,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Max,"Wow just wow the game is absolutley pretty and amazing, buy this game seriously, BUY IT!Pros- Very pretty- Polished very well- Has Illuminati in itCons- Very early in development- Sharks are too agressive- Few bugs and glitches8.654/10"
76561198132454345,Recommended,264710,21342553,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Natsu The Dragon Slayer,add co op
76561198108749343,Recommended,264710,21869330,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,JJ,This game is amazing and has very good graphics. :)
76561198027113139,Recommended,264710,30756799,Posted: 26 March,all,botanik,Вот такой ранний доступ мне нравится. В игру хочется возвращаться после каждого апдейта.
76561198003782187,Recommended,264710,21891551,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Vulcan,"Your first half hour will probably be like this:""Ooooh""""It's so pretty!""""Look at that fish!""""What's that sound? It creates a magnificent ambience""""The sea is fantastic, why have I never gone diving?""After that sweet, sweet innocent half hour, your life will consist of this:""OH GOD, WHAT'S THAT SOUND!?""""♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥, LOOK AT THAT FISH!""""MOMMY, I'M SCARED!""""OH GOD WHYYYY??!!""""I'll never go within 1000 miles of the ocean, ever again, ♥♥♥♥ this!""All in all, this is a beautiful game, with amazing sound, feel and gameplay. I watched a bunch of youtube videos (Sips, you magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥<3) and fell in love with the game immediately. So far, it hasn't let me down and there's tons of stuff to explore, build and feel good about.However, the game is at the moment very buggy, has extremely poor performance on mid-range pcs and has a long way to go before it can be classified as a near-release build. If you feel like this is a game you would enjoy, but these are problems that would ruin your experience of the game, please please please do not buy the game yet. Wait untill they have made a more stable release, then enjoy the game as it should be enjoyed. If you, like me, can handle a few crashes, pop-in and other bugs, while still enjoying the game, go for it, buy it, play it till your pc dies, buy it again, make love to it, take care of it's babies and grow old with it, while pretending not to be scared of the sea-Satan in front of the children.TL;DRFabulous gameBuy if your experience is not ruined by bugsWait for a stable release if not"
,Recommended,264710,24961269,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ILynxx,Beast Game On.
76561198140036029,Recommended,264710,22982192,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,spiow22,very good game needs multiplayer
,Recommended,264710,25365909,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Gaming Mdog,"i love this game if they could add a co-op or a muitliplayer mode this game would be amazing. i think the game is amazing a bit scary and very fun, it would be even greater if they added a co-op"
76561198122843512,Recommended,264710,33088525,Posted: 1 July,all,Col_J_McCready,brilliant game
76561198255074019,Recommended,264710,23248814,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,daviddm101,This game is amazingly awesome and please make a PS4 version fast!!!!!
,Recommended,264710,21006855,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,dark_mift,This game would be more interesting as a multiplayer.
,Recommended,264710,33069955,Posted: 30 June,all,The Angry Gamer,THEEEEEEEEEEEE GAAAAAAAAAAAAMEEEEEEEEEE ISSSSSSSSSSSSS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL DAWLOAND NOWWWWWWWW GUYS JUST BUY THE GAMEYOU LIKE IT RALLY THAT SSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLand the recommend is:THE BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,264710,25161162,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,S0MA,this game is that kind of game that told you to stop you after you play for too long
76561198181312129,Recommended,264710,31245951,Posted: 19 April,all,Theepicgamer369,"the game is amazing all around aside from the unfinished textures, lag, and crash frequency. The lag and crash frequency are only because I have one of the ♥♥♥♥♥iest laptops ever: A samsung windows 7 64 bit home premium laptop. But I won't have that problem anymore soon, since my parents said that I could get an expensive gaming laptop for my birthday in June. Otherwise, it's an awesome game."
,Recommended,264710,23825711,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DasIstZuLang,"Hell Yeah! This game is so fun, and is very well balenced concerning food and water. You can build awsome bases and explore EVERYTHING. The one problem is how you get blueprints. Basicly you have to run around for and hpur or 2 to find these little mini capsules and scan them to get one part of it. in an hour, you might get 10 full blueprints. If you dont want to worry about that I will Highly advise using the UNLOCKALL command."
76561198005394510,Not Recommended,264710,26637496,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Bambi,"I absolutly LOVE this game, but for me, in its current state, it is unplayable, it now crashes after 1 minute of game play, I get massive FPS drops then it crashes.I hope I can come back to this game someday as I really do love the style of it."
76561198256390033,Recommended,264710,28413267,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Volt,I wish it was multiplayer=(
76561198147522074,Recommended,264710,33151731,Posted: 2 July,all,Jerri Bear,"Love this game, plenty to explore and do but it can get pretty annoying to make progress but then you have to restart for certain updates, especially with updates happening often. I plan on waiting until this game is complete before doing another non-creative playthrough.The map is gorgeous and terrifying at the same time and you always find something new when you set out.DO kinda wish multiplayer was a thing but I can kinda understand why it's not."
76561198174742865,Recommended,264710,30929399,Posted: 3 April,all,Fesh™,This is one of the greatest survival games i've played yet. There is so much to do and its very fun. Great game!
76561197967913234,Recommended,264710,31617852,Posted: 7 May,all,Pootie Poot,This is by far the best survival game out there.
,Recommended,264710,22746780,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,blogsg1,"Has anyone seen The abyss? it a pretty good movie just saying......................i like the theatrical version best, not really to keen on the extended version."
76561198346583620,Recommended,264710,31900486,Posted: 22 May,all,SalamanderSage,Great game great story and it's really fun to explore and fin new creatures
76561198088156282,Recommended,264710,25729745,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,PraetorX,"There is nothing better than putting on some PsyChill music or ambient music and building bases 300 meters bellow sea level. This game can be beautiful but scary at the exact same time. And ITS STILL IN ALPHA BUILD!!! I seriouisly recomend you buy this game. Its a 9.99/10 from me (At times it can be abit repetitive)So if your reading this and your unsure if you should buy. I highly suggest you play this but non frequently, playing it at certain points and stopping for afew days will still allow you to play but make it feel more fresh. Constantly playing will dry the fun out of it quickly. ENJOY THIS SEXY AND SPOOKY GAME REVIEW READERS!"
76561198254447898,Recommended,264710,30786601,Posted: 27 March,all,Trololowka,please add multiplayer PLEASE :)))))
76561198030486294,Recommended,264710,28882378,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Saiken_Juega-kun,"Un juego con mucho futuro, con una comunidad activa y un vasto mar de posibilidades (haha broma pendeja)Pero neta, vale la pena, tiene un chingo de contenido y ademas, aun siguen metiendo mas!Si a lo mucho puedo decir algo, esque a veces los desarrolladores no dicen nada por bastante tiempo pero fuera de eso, recomendado!"
,Recommended,264710,33186197,Posted: 3 July,all,Jörg Junker Jörg,"There are monsters in the ocean, and no man needs monsters."
76561198351367931,Recommended,264710,33159793,Posted: 2 July,all,ninjanight100 csgolive.com,"i did not like this game but, it was still in its early access , and so i got a refund on it"
,Recommended,264710,20382859,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Drakey Fenix,Amazing experience and truly fantastic atmosphere! The only thing to make it even better are deep trenches and co-op!!
,Recommended,264710,18718035,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Minimal,"Pros:+ large world (getting bigger each month)+ rich content (getting richer each month)+ incredible development team (check out their progress on Trello)+ graphics are off the chain+ they listen to community+ super fun and creative+ farm plants, food, etc+ some materials respawn in certain places (can't say due to spoilers)Cons:- glitches but honestly, its Early Acess (this is not a con really)- world is always the same (not randomized on each start)Bottomline: get. this. game. now."
,Recommended,264710,24613651,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Biskits,There's something fishy about the backstory. Overall a good beautiful game. Definetly interesting and unique.
,Recommended,264710,27243254,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Moogle Mog,"A great exploration and building game. Despite its set map, the map is still large and has plenty to explore. At least 10 hours of gameplay to enjoy, and every 6 months enough content to get another 5 hours of fun out of.Great as it is, and will be very enjoyable to jump into every now and again in its current state, and when completed.Co-Op/some form of multiplayer would be a welcome addition"
76561198191074154,Recommended,264710,27239930,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,InterGalactic,"Amazing gameplay. That's all i have to say, But really buy the game and just have fun with building in sandbox, Or trying to survive in a vast ocean terrain."
76561198141433197,Recommended,264710,31274606,Posted: 21 April,all,oldswanste,"Can you please update it on MAC, 'cause I watch Subnautica YouTubers like: Acituanbus, 8-BitRyan and IGP play with the updates I do not have. So, please update Subnautica on MAC."
,Recommended,264710,32874101,Posted: 27 June,all,Ajazzz,"This game is spectacular for the stage it is in. If you don't enjoy early access releases, this might not be the game for you. However, the concepts that are in place and the gameplay experience thus far is incredible. The dev team is very active, releasing a significant update usually around once a month, and very informative of what that update brings. I have enjoyed watching the game progress thus far, and cannot wait to see where it goes in the future."
,Recommended,264710,33335675,Posted: 7 July,all,NOOb_nAZI,we need a movie based on this game!!!!
76561198269036224,Recommended,264710,30198343,Posted: 26 February,all,☣BlackPathos☣,"From the amazing graphics, to the well-done futuristic style, and much more, there is no possible way I could downvote this beauty of a game. Whether you are on the edge of your seat because you hear an ear shattering roar from down below you, and you are trying to swim away, or you are trying to make a base for shelter and safety, this game will have you sucked in for hours. A must buy. Aren't convinced by this review? Then watch Markiplier or Jacksepticeye play it. They both have had a blast."
,Recommended,264710,33354160,Posted: 7 July,all,Sooty,good gæm
76561198325966457,Recommended,264710,28611384,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,pettyoctopus,Awesome game
,Recommended,264710,15040629,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Ms. Sassy Cat,"Amazing graphics, amazing sea-life, amazingly good for a very early access game. Honestly, I joined in expecting bug after bug and a hard to learn system, turns out, it's quite easy to learn, and as far as I have encountered thus far, only a single little bug with tutorial text. Would highly reccomend, a game worth looking into if you want an interesting underwater twist to standard survival games."
76561197988798281,Recommended,264710,18921846,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,ContraStorm,Well let me see what can I say? I get so hooked and entertained by this game that I keep forgetting to masterbate.
,Recommended,264710,16140757,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,swilko,I have had good first impressions with this game.
76561198183651805,Recommended,264710,16178004,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Connorvip19,10/10 Under priced for what it gives you!
,Recommended,264710,33173069,Posted: 3 July,all,Nukethetown,It's not bad
76561198140549239,Recommended,264710,33567053,Posted: 15 July,all,MR_SALTY_BEAR,ive had this for the longest time but with the updates i was to play again! great game! :)
76561198224447832,Recommended,264710,31236433,Posted: 19 April,all,DEUS VULT,mmmmm dat sh!t good
,Recommended,264710,31237189,Posted: 19 April,all,SHOBU007,great game to get on sale !!!
76561198081376716,Recommended,264710,21888222,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Wontony,"I just got this game a couple of days ago, and i can say for sure that i love it.One thing though, i am terrified of the ocean and i always am too scared to explore too much... ;-;PROS-very beautiful graphics-good story-good controls-large area to exploreCONS-resources are limited-even going near a biome where there are aggressive creatures scares me (rip kelp forest)-you need a really amazing computer to even run the game, like a REALLY good computer-there are a couple bugs that come and go with every update-there's little to no tutorial, so it took me an hour or so i even figure out what to do.overall, i completely recommend the game. it's really fun to play and beautiful, the only problem i have with it isthat i am terrified of going near anything that could attack me, limiting my progression. (thats only me tho)"
,Recommended,264710,28333292,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,GMYBonnie,"I love this game, the only problem is that it runs really slow on my computer so i have to turn the graphics down."
76561198125309957,Recommended,264710,28655247,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Imperial Fangirl! <3 <3,- Buy Pimax 4k VR headset- see this game on sale- try VR in 4k for first time- Stare at sea and sky for 2 days straight- aurora blows up causing me to wet my pants- decides to build a base- gives up- finds seamoth blueprint- thinks how awesome it would be to ride to aurora with it- gets to the side of the aurora looking for a entrance- hears a loud scary noise- wets my pants again as noise gets louder yet i cant see anything- looks behind me as a giant Reaper Leviathan is about to bite my head off- prays to the gods- becomes fish food- builds a PRAWN suit- ignoring the warning not to get overconfident in the suit i seek revenge- feels like a gundam as i leap all over ocean- finds the Reaper Leviathan- punches it- suit explodes and i die10/10 would seek revenge on the Reaper again!
76561198086907760,Recommended,264710,23771654,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,The Eternal Jamal,"Great game, good devlopers, and nice graphics."
76561198003867000,Recommended,264710,23773328,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Limiate,"I rarely play single player games anymore but found Subnautica to be enthralling. I decided to avoid watching any tutorials or reading any wikis and just dove in (har har). The game gently introduces you to crafting, requires a good deal of intersting exploration in order to advance and the alien nature of the world and environment is exciting and fun. If you're looking for a challenging game with base building elements with a major focus on survival and exploration, I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,264710,27471411,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,icotha,ujijijuij
,Not Recommended,264710,27509355,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Λudax,"I loved Subnautica, but I the devs unfortunately spiked the difficulty making the game unfun and repetitive.It pains me to say that it is no longer worth the buy."
76561198305852875,Recommended,264710,28713256,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,creeperslayer0526,It is a good game and would be even better with multiplayer.
76561198119587117,Not Recommended,264710,28809539,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,PhantomCrusader,I have had this game since very early development and the game has always had optimization problems. But with the new places being put into the game the optimization has gone to absolue crap. Never before has this game had so many lag spikes and just upright crashes. I love the game and all of its features. It is the ideal sandbox game but the crashes are so frequent anymore I can't even play. I hope the devs please take a look at the optimization and doesn't throw the supportive community under the bus who have paid for the development of this game.
76561198145825927,Recommended,264710,28708762,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[Khaoz] 1Shooter1,I recommend this game it takes the cake out of survival games it has a little bit of what you expect yet pushes it futher in a underwater survival game experence though the story line is coming very well and I understand how multiplayer would be fantastic yet the devs want a solo experence for the player but maybe CO-OP could be very cool like from portal 2 there are 2 storys the main than the CO-OP maybe the devs can put this into consideration because I strongly think CO-OP could make this game go much higher than it is do tell me if you agree.
,Recommended,264710,29264566,Posted: 14 January,all,Pancake216,yes
,Recommended,264710,28986129,Posted: 3 January,all,Shimmy Like Jimmy,There's never been a game that makes me simultaneously erect and♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants like Subnautica
76561198033738760,Not Recommended,264710,29122854,Posted: 8 January,all,AnnieIsOk,"This game has serious issues building the area around the player.I have a pretty decent setup (i7,Nvidea 1070,16 GB RAM) and yet i am experiencing major lag whilst loading the area around me during playing. This needs to be fixed, as i currently am not able to play the game properly. (crashes after very short time :D)As for the gameplay: i like the game a lot. The graphics are really neat, watching the fish at night is really fun (watch a yt vid for that). The world is gigantic and even though the game is not yet finished you can have a lot of fun, exploring and following the story.sadly i can't recomment the game just yet because of the loading problems. they make the game just not playable."
76561197966632480,Recommended,264710,29129066,Posted: 8 January,all,That Vaporeon from Silent Hill,"There are a lot of early access sandbox/survival crafting games out there, But this one stands out with not only a facinating theme, but excellent execution. Like any early access game it has its problems, so prepare for crashes, especially on older saves, and some buggy shenanigans.That said, this game has a level of polish that most early access games don't have, despite its problems, Subnautica swims on it's own before being finished. It does crafting/survival right, where you slowly build and unlock better things increasing your range and capabilities, allowing you to unlock even more stuff. The game's primary focus is exploration, and there is a decent amount to see and discover.If you like exploring the ocean, and reasonable survival elements, definitly check this game out. I'm not just recommending it because I'm a water type, I swear!"
76561198066022068,Not Recommended,264710,29067126,Posted: 6 January,all,BOBTHEBUILDER,"Game has too many FPS & stability issues to currently recommend.I understand the game is in early access but I strongly feel a game should be playable before making it top heavy with content, not the other way around."
,Recommended,264710,25971434,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,God Himself,"Yes. This game is amazing. Exploration, crafting, story (to a certain extent) combat, great graphics, beautiful wildlife. This game is perfect.8/10"
,Not Recommended,264710,28819467,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,"Prof Dick Cancer, AIDS.","This game might be playable in the future, but as of early alpha its in really terrible shape. The lag compiles and gets so bad that you cant play, items randomly disappear, monsters clip through walls, etc. The games so unbelievably buggy that I cant imagine them ever patching all of this up, but if they do then the core gameplay is there at least (for the most part, it gets a little bit stale farming for the cyclops)."
76561198130005171,Recommended,264710,23808099,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DinkaBlista,great game! love it!
76561198317115247,Not Recommended,264710,28778275,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,supperman200,This game is horrible. I just saved some money to download but when I go into the game I try to pause and then the game wont interact with my mouse at all. I can move my guy around with the keys but I can't click anything to save or quit to title. This game is just a waste of money because I can't even play! :(
76561198274289135,Recommended,264710,30285629,Posted: 2 March,all,FruitTrace,Fun game...whatever u do DO NOT summon a sea emporer or sea dragon in suvival mode. YOU. WILL. DIE. :D have fun
76561198129008850,Recommended,264710,15941375,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,jonathanw45,"this game is fantastic, it is so much fun."
76561198268987317,Recommended,264710,25803240,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,horse_dung,"I really recommend Subnautica to those of players who are looking for a exploration, underwater, simulation game. This game has beautiful graphics and excellent gameplay!"
,Recommended,264710,17454719,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Rads,"Over all this game is as enjoyable as minecraft was back in the day. The only complaints I have is that there is not an option to turn your mouse sensitivity down, or to turn the music or sound off or down. I do think the game is also a bit to pricey. at $19.99 but you get what you pay for. So do I recomend this game to the casual gamer audience? I guess so just make sure you watch videos on youtube and leurn about the game be for you buy it : )."
76561198038249230,Recommended,264710,25804280,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Absolut07,This game is a lot of fun. It is exciting to explore and survival never becomes an after thought.
,Recommended,264710,25814645,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Flakenut,"This game is absolutely gorgeous, I grew up scuba diving but now that I'm a poor adult this makes for a solid replacement.  I've always enjoyed sandbox games such as Minecraft and Kerbal and this game stands with those as a great open world exploration game."
,Recommended,264710,25813355,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,gail,"Subnautica; the only ocean survival game to get it right and a fabulous demonstration of virtual reality. The game has enough depth and variety to keep you interested but not so much to the point of redundancy, making the game a very immersive experience."
76561198087907742,Recommended,264710,23470275,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Sad Man,good fish
,Recommended,264710,20787648,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,3rdRangers | ＧＥØＲＧＥＤ11,"Its such an amazing game, i recomend this to every1 who loves survival games and base building :D (i refunded it LIKE AN COMPLETE **** and im getting it again soon :D)"
,Not Recommended,264710,29186284,Posted: 11 January,all,sirvonpaul,"I so much want to like this game, but after failing to find one of the basic resources required to advance the plot for hours I'm just hating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game.It holds such promise and is visually stunning but boy is it not fun."
76561198296538739,Recommended,264710,23468106,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,polunina_n,why the hell cant i play subnautica whenever i try my computer shuts down. f**k you!
76561198061913470,Recommended,264710,25128992,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Korindaa,Eye candy for miles
,Recommended,264710,15297859,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,UNV3R1F13D,"This is clearly an amazing game, I despise all of the people who dislike this game, but one thing this game could do with is multi-player, that would be an amazing introduction and it would make this game so much better! Wether that's role playing with your friends, or even just plain battles with knives or submarines. This game could take a major step in the gaming industry and would be a favorite of all, you also wouldn't be alone! I said game /\ a lot :D Anyways, this game, gets pretty repetitive and I think multi-player would help!"
76561198147601279,Recommended,264710,25101877,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,superdroid7,i really love this game 95 out of a hundred but to get that five and in my opinon make this game great is multiplayer that would be awsome keep up the great work
,Recommended,264710,25002733,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,PastaPillows,"This will probably be the first Early Access title on Steam that I praise so highly.This game is really good, even in the early stages that it's in. The sci-fi aspects, exploration, and even the player progression in this game keeps it from getting too stale too fast. My only complaint is how it runs, which, I would assume, will be fixed before its full release.One thing to note before you get this game, is that there are no lethal weapons. While the reasoning behind this is a very social justice warrior type response and I don't neccessarily agree with it, having no lethal weapons in this game keeps it very interesting in life threatening situations. Besides, there's always somthing ""magical"" about using the Repulsion Cannon on an attacking foe, only to see it speed away from you at the speed of sound."
76561197972035765,Recommended,264710,23867874,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,PeregrineFalcon,No safety or decompression stops. Nitrogen levels are through the roof. Multiple dives possible per day without consequences. No need to clean your gear and maintain it. Awesome otherworldly diving experience! :D Mind rule no. one of SCUBA diving: Never hold your breath!1/1 Would dive recreationally beyond 18m again
,Recommended,264710,15655272,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Amo-BDay 13th,Love the game 10/10Just wish Co-Op  was in it. Would make way more fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,264710,15675674,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,push those bricks nigga,"Day 1: Wow this game looks amazing.Day 2: What are these weird floating whales that look like they have gas masks, they look scary!Day 3: *Starts collecting materials*Day 4: Wow this seamoth thing is cool!Day 5: Seamoth runs out of power and I refer to wikiDay 6: Builds one powercell for seamoth and goes >1000mDay 7: Stuck in deep cave and seamoth runs out of powerDay 8: Dehydrated and Calorie defficiencyDay 9: Ends misery by drowning21/10 would cry and get stuck again"
,Not Recommended,264710,29834375,Posted: 10 February,all,ELLIOTTCABLE,"As one of a small set of games that advertise themselves as VR-compatible,… don't buy this game if you own a VR headset.The interaction mode while in VR is a horrible hybrid of “your head is the mouse-cursor” (which I've seen no other game try to do) and “use a gamepad” — either let me use the Vive controllers to point at interface-elements and buttons, or if you're going to require me to blindly hold a gamepad, makeall of the interface elementsuse the game-pad.Worse, the head-cursor is manipulating a “plane” of screen-ness (this is hard to explain until you try it — the world is rendered in 360° VR, but the interface is obviously rendered in 2D on a plane above that world), that isway, way, freaking waytoo close to your face. The options menus have large buttons, so besides the horrid neck-strain from peering around trying to ‘reach’ that button down there at the bottom, it's workable ... but once you get in-game, the non-options menus (crafting, inventory, etceteras) are freaking unusable with this neck-snapping manipulation system.Movement in roomscale VR is, unintuitively, via old-school FPS-style movement controls? So I'll take two steps towards something, hit the chaperone, and then remember to hit the stick on my gamepad, disorentingly zooming me around the cockpit while I'm standing still. If you're not going to support some sort of VR-specific controller-teleportation, then *don't enable roomscale VR at all*. Force the user to wear their HMD while sitting, if you're going to force them to use traditional thumbstick-movement.Once I came to understand the above, I took the headset off, re-arranged my room for seated VR, and dived back in; and honestly, the gameispretty beautiful. It's not mind-shattering like some VR experiences have been, but it's beautiful nonetheless. Unfortunately, all that beauty is (at least, in my opinion) extremely wasted, with the immersion-shattering interaction modes:Once I'd exited the cockpit, I realized thatup and down movementwas controlled by angling my head (more neck-wrecking head-tilting to swim upwards or downwards, great) — butleft to rightmovement was best achieved by using the gamepad, since it's impossible to truly ‘turn around’ while seated. This, again, makes no sense. When doing seated-VR, even if they remove/fix roomscale-VR, there needs to be the “reset VR forward” mechanic as implemented in Elite: Dangerous and other VR games; continuous use ofbothyour neckandcontroller-rotation-controls is extremely nauseating / confusing. /=Finally, once I'd gotten out of the capsule and into the ocean, I realized there'sinterface elementsaround me, underneath the Vive's borders. It took me a while to notice that, because only about the top 10% or 20% of the buttons / text are visible. If I wore glasses (which reduce your FOV by forcing you to back the lenses away from your eyes), I wouldn't have even ever realized those interface elements werethere.Frankly, I can't offer a meaningful review of the game content — this is theonlyVR game that's triggered nausea for me (I've had no trouble with any other roomscale experience, whatsoever); and add to that the neck-pain from navigating the menus or swimming on the vertical axis ...tl;dr: this game is unplayable in VR."
76561198133757687,Recommended,264710,16073437,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,The Snowmachine,"i bought the game and than in an update it was made so that i can't play it on my pc, what a waste of $20. however i recommend it because in the small amount of time i could play it i liked it."
76561198129105500,Recommended,264710,15594265,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,McShitcunt,its like stranded deep. but with subs
,Recommended,264710,14901210,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,N/A,"I really like this game, It shows that you crash from space into a ocean planet, your job is to survive,what you can do for now, you can build cyclops, seamoths, and other things, and in experimental, you can have bases,which i really think is amazing, since you only need titauium and a builder, the only probelm is that it some of them have glichs, but other then that, its amazing, -lukeaway (youtube)"
76561198087491155,Recommended,264710,15672431,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,✪Lucky,This is all out a great game but there is something that would make it so much better and that is co-op. I want to push them freak out when they see a Reaper lol.
76561198213530037,Recommended,264710,19686022,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,FuriousApple,This game is realy well constructed and made and the world gen in amazing only thing is the stalkers r freaking annoying-might be a while till i go swimming again
76561197971325175,Recommended,264710,18669790,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,AnnieO,For being set underwater the graphics are awesome. I love the game play and the overall feel is one of being stuck on a planet with no  land just a vast ocean full of scary twists and turns with giant monsters that don't like the intrusion. This game reminds me of the movie Abyss but is so much more colorful in the game. For Early Access this game seems almost finished.
,Recommended,264710,24997759,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,CyaGaming,"I like the game and how it plays, I just think a co-op mode could be good"
,Recommended,264710,22830053,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Mr. HeliX,Searched for food.Became the food.7.8/10 too much water
,Recommended,264710,22591866,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,XenoGamer,"im actually pretty scared of the depths of the ocean to be honest, but this game is just so interesting, whit all the creatures and story, i needed to buy it. 11/10"
,Recommended,264710,15891905,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Aidan Kozak,I really like the whole crafting and combat aspect of the game but $20.00 for an inde game? really? get the forest for 5 buck less and get a lot more out of it 6/10 ive seen better games this far in early access.
,Recommended,264710,16675400,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Greyshirk,Beautiful gameI can only play in windowed because the flippin mouse wont work!Other than than that great theme has a kinda minecraft feel
,Recommended,264710,24817219,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,GAZcool,One of the best exploration games ever.
76561198143620223,Not Recommended,264710,28538970,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,vanvx931,"I want to love this game, but the technical performance is a major drawback. Everytime you boot up the game, on the first menu the developers do state that it is still an early access game.From my experience of the game on playing just the survival mode, alien-like biomes and creatures are varied and fascinating to explore, crafting is straightfoward for the most part (had to youtube where to get the crash powder, come to find out that the crashfish MAY or MAY NOT leave the powder in its nest. Sometimes the nest would look empty, but on closer inspection, the powder is there but invisible due to a glitch! Very fustrating). Newer materials, structures, vehicles, tools etc require exploration for the ""parts"" littered throughout the ocean. Most of the parts locations are, usually, randomly generated and can differ from other players playthrough.I could talk about the story, base building, and explain more in depth about the biomes, creatures, etc, but the FRAME RATE DROPS galore and game CRASHES have literally stopped me from moving forward with the game.My last two hours with the game where a fight to keep the game running as smoothly as possible. After building the seamoth (underwater submarine/vehicle), I was so thrilled to know I could explore the waters more, but most importantly, unharmed. When piloting the seamoth, the frame rate drops were constant, especially in the Kelp and Mushroom Forest which is also where I had my 2 game crashes.These are my system specs: i5 3470(3.2ghz), gtx 1060sc 3gbvram, 8gb ddr3, 500gb hdd, windows 10.My attempt at resolving these issues: I downgraded my graphics settings to minimal on the main menu and on its ingame graphics menu(press F3 while in game) and deleted the CellCache and CompiledOctreesCache in subnautica/snappdata/savedgames directory. I did get an FPS boost (at a cost that the game looks fugly), but it did not resolve the frame rate drops while in the seamoth and in certain biomes. What a shame. Another solution was to install the game on a ssd and not a hdd as this will drastically improve its performance. I don't have a ssd atm, and these claims aren't definitive.Remember that this game is 'still?' in early access and the full version is supposedly releasing in early 2017 Feb or March (grabbed from the wiki page). For $20, save your money and just wait for the full release, but if its any cheaper, maybe its still worth it if you're that intrigued by its premise. Overall, great game, but simply unplayable atm until full release."
76561198031936727,Not Recommended,264710,29149849,Posted: 9 January,all,skate178,"I love the theme of this game, however, It crashes all the time. I tolerated that for a while, but it corrupted my saved game and I lost 177 hours of playing time and had to start over. Being patient, I tried to start a new game and it started crashing again. I finally deleted the game out of sheer frustration."
76561198015535293,Not Recommended,264710,28895781,Posted: 1 January,all,Kill All Humans,"give it 3/10 starts out interesting and fun but quickly becomes boring , start out run and hide from dangerous fish and stays that way for the most part when not in one of your subs or the mech suit and then you can just ignore most of them or just plain out run them wait thats part of the run and hide :P has great concept , but dont see it going anywhere  , looking for a survival game probably want to look elsewhere"
76561198274127598,Recommended,264710,29097708,Posted: 7 January,all,JASPER,plz add auto save
,Recommended,264710,28892162,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,weirdo,p fun
,Recommended,264710,28334769,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,BloodKiller,"having constant crashes, its beautiful when it CAN start up...but it crashes."
76561198146459073,Recommended,264710,17637837,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,phoenixxapocalypse,Great
,Recommended,264710,15623665,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ZimsShiz,Oh so good.
,Recommended,264710,20824611,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Naysayer,i hate my life
76561198173291606,Recommended,264710,20890511,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Ascult Calinacho in mod neironic,The Best Game Ever !!!!!!!10/10
,Recommended,264710,20902576,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,PhoenixFire42,"Let's see... Subnautica...*whispers to script writer*""What am I supposed to say again?...... Oh... Ok.""I FLIPPING LOVE THIS GAME!!!! It's amazing! The only thing I would dare complain about is how much content there is, but the Devs are releasing consistent updates with more and more content! Overall, there's not much else to complain about. There's very few bugs, especially for an Early Access Game.. The gameplay is great, and unique... I just... Yea...10/10 would drown again!"
76561198202281284,Recommended,264710,23806091,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lexi,"Its Awesome, Just in the Beginning, i dont know why but i have difficulties with the Fire Extinguisher"
,Recommended,264710,21518047,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Tdawg777bit,"Amazing game with a lot of potential, Just needs a reason to continue playing."
76561198341078150,Recommended,264710,31786621,Posted: 16 May,all,"Gents, Please..",-Went into the Lava Zone (feeling prepared)-Finds alot of those larvaes that kept sucking power-Gets out cyclops to kill those larvaes-Got teleported by the stealthy warpers-Got killed by shark monsters :(-Spawn back in cyclops-Got attacked by Dragon Leviathan-Cyclops got destroyed by everything-Loads back save file-Repeat10\10 would venture into the lava zone again :)
,Not Recommended,264710,27903324,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Weeblax,"Well. Its ok. The creatures are nice, game mechanics are spot on. BUT.............................. You need a beast of a computer to play it. I'm disapointed. I spent 20 dollars on a game I can't play."
76561198116178560,Recommended,264710,31801434,Posted: 17 May,all,(((:Forever Noob:))),very good game
76561197992626472,Not Recommended,264710,28135584,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,hfgytz,"Great game but..fx8350/radeon7750/8gbRamAs at 2/12/16:Performance:fps goes from 30 to 9 in some areas. most of the time runs smothly 30fps even on high. Gpu running at 99% / CPU running at 20%.Bugs:Lag & stuttering cause game to come to a complete halt and crash - happens every time you leave the ""safe"" starting point. Experimental build no additional help. This is not due to my GPU, i have tried on another machine and same results. It's like the game is trying to write some data for a entity which is no longer in the chunk you're in. moving slowly seems to fix somewhat but where's the fun in that. Some monsters might be causing it anyway, some sort of AI behaviour caused by too many of a type of monster, who knows...they also attach each other so might be that.Fun:Really great. Captures the feeling of the movie Abyss. music/sounds/Look of the game is v.good.Overall:Want to reccomend this and Osirus (space version of this made by same company) but i wont until they fix the issues. I have given feedback etc to dev, but, if you can't even play the game how can you give feedback on it...so untill then it gets a negative vote from me.For now don't buy until the dev's have come back from their Thailand holiday and actually got it working, then we can all enjoy a really great game.."
,Recommended,264710,16903672,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Nick,Subnautica is great. It plays very smooth for early access and can only get better. 10/10
,Recommended,264710,14981791,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,woodz78,This game is amazing!!! Well Put together for an early access.
76561198006750633,Not Recommended,264710,31257266,Posted: 20 April,all,King,"Items in containers disappear if you get too far away from them.Games been out for a long enough time that such a game-breaking bug should never, ever have existed"
,Not Recommended,264710,28772296,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MultiDarkZen,"Had to make a refund.. Sorry, but i will purchase this in the distance future, when the optimization is better, and well not absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game constantly freezes, always having lag spikes, game crashins when clicking on menu icons, game kept freezing i really would love to play this game because it seems very fun... But alas i cannot, Somehow i can run Witcher 3 on max, but not this...  I would reccomend this, but not in Early access, i would wait a few years before the game is better optimized, seriously i could barely play the game withing the 1 and half hours i played it constant crashing lag spikes frame skips, i changed every setting that was possible within the game, nothing worked. And the game froze every time i clicked on save. If these issues are fixed in the future i might think about getting it again, but until then i have refunded it because i am unable to actually play for more then five minutes."
,Recommended,264710,18660166,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Reason,This game is amazing in it's difference in genera and setting of other games. This game is a must buy!
76561198035800864,Recommended,264710,17255345,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,[DIRT] CLiYpsO,"Found a huge hole, went inside. Notices it's over 1000 meters deep. gets a little scared.♥♥♥♥♥♥myself when i finally hit the bottom.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself in a really deep hole again."
76561198135271836,Recommended,264710,18038551,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,BristleRaven,AMAZING GAME!!    only one question how do i use the fabricator??  :P
,Not Recommended,264710,29894890,Posted: 13 February,all,harambe1,"Don't recommend buying it now. Freat game, good gameplay, yet the optimization reminds me of how ubisoft f***ing make their games"
,Recommended,264710,33092330,Posted: 1 July,all,hman1s,This game is one of a kind and it has a large amout of exploring and some very beutiful scenes
,Recommended,264710,16302230,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Yello Storm,I liked the aspect of the game and it is very fun to play. Make sure your computer is updated fully and go to the troubleshooting page if it doesn't work correctly (link below).troubleshootinghttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=448862051
,Not Recommended,264710,28223621,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Neuromancer,"It's a very fun game but it keeps crashing for me after I make any long term progress.I tried solving the issue by looking on forums and steam discussions, and changing it to forced dx9, but it still crashes.Please fix this, because I really do enjoy this game!"
76561198045482418,Recommended,264710,15599372,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,GreenLynx,"I've always loved futuristic games set on alien planets and survival games, but Subnautica stands out from both categories.First of all: the setting. You are the soul survival of a spaceship accident, who got ejected with a lifepod into the vast ocean of an alien planet. Although it looks kinda familiar, you soon realise that there's more to this place that the eye can (at first look) see. One-eyed fish, scary monsters with big teeth and beautiful (and sometimes deadly) plants are all part of the experience.Set mostly underwater, Subnautica is a real eye candy.Second: The game is set in the FAR future, so it doesn't suprise that, instead of putting stick together, you only gather materials, which then get ""fabricated"" together in a lasery fashion. You can make knifes and water tanks for your underwater hunts; you can make a full on SUBMARINE to explore the depths of this strange planet.The game might not be perfect; it suffers from some performance issues and lag, and the world seems to end after a certain point, but the game is still in development and I can tell that it has a very bright future ahead.I definitely recommend this game to everyone who has a thing for futuristic and survival games alike."
76561198118879519,Recommended,264710,20921457,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,TylerM814,10/10 worth the money tons of fun not much to say just play the game
,Recommended,264710,18121273,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Moukey,There three ways in to be amazed here they are :SubnauticaSubnauticaalso finnalySubnauticaP.S PC MASTERRRACE
,Not Recommended,264710,25360437,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Xianyu,"The latest update completely shafted new players by hiding progression inside wrecks. To get anywhere in the game, you will have to scour the ocean for the one or two specific wrecks that hold the blueprints you need so you can get the item you want.Without consulting a wiki, or using cheats, your experience will be hunting fruitlessly across the open ocean for upgrade components that you have no inkling of how to find or where to even look.I cannot recommend this game to new players in its current state."
76561198216713481,Recommended,264710,27914353,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bushzilla fishMLG,"╚═( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)═╝╚═(███)═╝╚═(███)═╝.╚═(███)═╝..╚═(███)═╝…╚═(███)═╝…╚═(███)═╝..╚═(███)═╝.╚═(███)═╝╚═(███)═╝ WOW! You encountered a wild Lennipide! Only great people and friends see this.╚═(███)═╝ rare creature! If you know a great friend, send this lennipede to them; It is a..╚═(███)═╝ sign of great fortune and luck!…╚═(███)═╝…╚═(███)═╝…..╚(███)╝……╚(██)╝………(█)"
76561198138562705,Recommended,264710,28780905,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,PepsiDough,gud
,Recommended,264710,14676854,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Armarda,absolutely amazing 5-Star can't wait for more updates. There need to be a Creative Mode so you can experiment with the new features.
76561198091497724,Recommended,264710,15094017,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Krabby The Clown,amazing game buy it. so beautiful and fun to play with so much stuff to do. and somethimes scares the crap out of you ;)
76561198042601519,Not Recommended,264710,29429179,Posted: 22 January,all,chiperdean,"I will start out by stating that I absolutly **LOVE** this game.  My friend bought it and let me know I should give it a try.  I waited until I upgraded my system and put in a GeForce 1060 with 6GB DDR5.  My new system is built nice.  I bought the game after I upgraded and at first, it was the best Christmas I've had in awhile for gaming.  I explored, built items, died, etc :)I rated this as a NO because, like a review before me, after you get into a saved game (I am at 96 hours I believe) it slows to a crawl.  It keeps crashing on me when I switch Biomes.  When I try to go by the Aurora and to Mountain Island, it reduces to hardly any frames per second, then catches up and then crashes.I have gotten to the point where I save my game everytime I start to enter a biome and slowly inch in to the biome.  Yes, I have supplied multiple bug reports.  No, I should not have to change my local files, there should be clean up by the game itself.  I have tried to play the game 9 times in the last 2 hours and it keeps crashing.I bough my wife the game and she is now playing it.  She is starting to accumalte the hours now and can see the stuttering of the game on her system (15 hours).I do hope this is fixed soon as it is making me now want to open the game any longer.I do love the game though."
76561197989264749,Not Recommended,264710,26632703,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Phaune,Game keeps crashing during play despite my driver being updated. and my build being above the recommended setup. Too bad.
76561198153568631,Recommended,264710,21509262,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,A Box Of Lemons,"So, it seems people are still asking for multiplayer. Let me tell you a story.Once upon a time, there was a company known as Unknown Worlds. They had created a few games, their most recent one being Natural Selection 2. But Unknown wanted to grow bigger, better then they were before. So they decided to make a survival game. But not just any survival game, an UNDERWATER one. Their newborn game was named Subnautica! Development of it started rapidly. Once a stable version was finished, they released the early beta to the public. A few youtubers (such as jacksepticeye) caught onto this game. Subnautica's community flourished! The devs had many plans, such as a story, more biomes and creatures, and.... multiplayer! But Unknown had realized something. Multiplayer would not work. Their vision was for it to be a single-player game, and when more and more people asked for multiplayer, they realized, with the stage of the game and the size of their team, multiplayer could not work. So, they told their community about this multiplayer problem, and most of the community understood this. The few who chose not to accept it kept asking for it, and kept being told the same things that were told to the other members of the community. Still, the multiplayer-askers kept going, holding on to a strain of hope from a dev post in 2013, before the devs realized multiplayer wouldn't work. But not every multiplayer asker held on to this thread. Some understood that multiplayer cannot work, and went along with their day not asking for it any more. So Unknown continued work on Subnautica, and the multiplayer askers died down. Then, they struck. ""MULTIPLAYER PLEZ"" threads rained from above all over the forums. Attemps were made to slow down the threads, but as soon as one died, another one rose. So now, Unknown still says no multiplayer, and the threads asking for it continued. Until recently. Recently, these types of threads have seemed to slow down, only popping up every so often instead of multiple every day like in the past."
76561198149006367,Not Recommended,264710,29525241,Posted: 27 January,all,Vaapsahainen,"This game is gorgeous and you can see that developers put a lot of love and effort making this, but at the same time it's unplayable due to the awful performance and constant crashing."
,Recommended,264710,33614774,Posted: 17 July,all,Me are fish boy,7/10Would be 10/10 but there is no mom that spanks you as i was promised
76561198226087820,Recommended,264710,19280610,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,LittleWhisper777,Great game but a problem that should be fixed is not being able to enter an old saved game after an update without losing your base. If that gets fixed then more updates could come out more often...hopefully...
,Recommended,264710,23931687,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,=BIA= Crotalo,"Like Minecraft with astounding graphics, very rich resource/crafting system and high customization. Game's about deep diving simulator in a not so friendly aquatic enviroment, meanwhile forcing you to resort to any mean in order to survive and at the same time discover all the hidden and astounding beauties of such alien ocean."
,Recommended,264710,20104196,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ages,"Neat game, kinda fun, they are working on deveoping a story line, and I truely hope they develop a deep emersive storyline that progresses as you play.  So far there is not much story, but there seems to be a decient amount to ""dive into"" gameplay wise.  Some of the fish have personality (like sharks playing with scrap metal), and I hope this is something they continue to devlop.  It is these quirks that really give a game polish and a fun feel to it.  I do not like the new ocean, they are making it look too much like a murky lake and it is taking away from the visual experience of the biomes.I would be quite dissapointed if the game stopped here, as I think it is a little too sandbox and could be more fun if it was a hybrid story/sandbox game.  All things considered, the dedication of the devs, the direction things seem to be going, and what is in place already I would have to say that I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,264710,25421268,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,|SqD| A Belligerent Badger,"By far one of the best Early Access Titles ever made. This is how Early Access should be done. This game nails all the fundamental ideas that a survival open world game should be built around and then goes one step further. It never ceases to surprise and present new opportunities to be amazed by the world the devs have lovingly crafted and designed. It is however not complete, and if you are expecting everything to be in the game, you will be dissapointed. According to their roadmap, they are anticipating December for 1.0, though even they have stated that this is simply a guess. The amazing part of this is that if you are willing to deal with a few bugs, you can join experimental mode, which gets multiple daily updates so you can see how the game is being developed as it happens. They also have multiple places where you can see what they are working on and what they are planning. Please, if you don't mind Early Access, buy this game, it is a benchmark that all Early Access Titles should follow and it is already an amazing game that continues to be updated and continues to impress!"
76561198344745294,Recommended,264710,28603156,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,iChronic,See a fish catch a fish eat a fishrecommend
76561198106329090,Recommended,264710,22972490,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Gnasher,"Awesome, Brilliant, Exciting, Fun, breathtaking, addictive. I need not say more *FIST PUMP*"
76561198208180181,Recommended,264710,25118366,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,carrotknight,vERY good but it would be good if the aroura blows up in creative
76561197964893628,Recommended,264710,31270819,Posted: 21 April,all,Dayaveer,Already awesome game but... All the sudden release month from May to September and -50% discount? Last ditch effort to get more money before they are out of money to keep making the game? :o
76561198199400266,Recommended,264710,33017490,Posted: 29 June,all,DRplays,"I will say after getting the game alittle after it came out for public accessable I have enjoyed it alot since then, it has also one of the scariest games I own currently...Play at your own risk of breaking your monitor by irl punching any creature you stuble upon by surprise....This game does not take lightly to the easily scared...Do not play this game with the lights off or doors open/unlocked.....(I am not easily scared and this game takes the cake....)You have been warned, other than that this game is pretty good...           9 out of 10 would die from a Peeper (Small Fish) again.... XD"
,Recommended,264710,16980026,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Xolani,"I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone who's looking for a sandbox/exploration/open world game that's a bit different. As you'd expect from an early access game, it's not perfect yet, but it's showing tremendous promise."
,Recommended,264710,24972584,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,deb9,10/10Would buy it again.
76561198059941824,Recommended,264710,24967161,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Alpharius,An amazing game that does everything right. It truly is one of a kind.
,Not Recommended,264710,22710792,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,pandabread,I think this game is very boring not very much action but lots of adventure but I do not recomend this to people who like fighting games like myself.But if you like Adventure games i guess this is the game for you but i know i didnt play very long but a little says a lot.
,Recommended,264710,24120677,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Gibson,"Subnautica is the best game I have ever played. And I've played a lot of games. 10/10 A+That may sound like a stretch or exageration, but I'm completely serious. For a game still in it's developmental build, this artistic masterpiece successfully encapsulates so many dreams of a perfect game for me. Allow me to explain what you get with Subnautica.You have a Sci-Fi Survival game, filled to the brink with biological curiousities, an incredibly beautiful world, serene soundtracks, an indepth crafting sytstem, wonderful base and submersible interior design abilities, the freedom to roam and explore, and a world with endless possibilities, limited only by the speed and imagination of the developers.I have found myself in my SeaMoth Submersible (small exploration craft) searching for natural resources only to suddenly be grabbed by a massie behemoth and frantically trying to mash buttons hoping to escape its crushing jaws.I have explored a cave system, so focused on the collection of goods and avoidance of harmful jellyfish, only to be warned of 30 seconds of oxygen in my tank. Desperately, I try to find the way out through the honeycomb of tubes and tunnels, and as my screen begins to fade to black I see light and pull myself into my submiserible. The urgency and desperation was real.The game provides countless encounters from ancient starship graveyards to a beautiful island, complete with vegetables and crops to grow back home. The beauty of the landscapes, and fluidity of the flora and fauna is something I have not seen in any game to date. While it lacks a Co-Op which would be fantastic, it truly delivers on the concept of a single-player survival and exploration game. The game is also devoid of almost any bugs, and is constantly updated by the devs.My only regret is that I did not know about this during it's Early Access, and have only just recently begun to play. If you are on the fence with this game, I say take the plunge (pun) and get your feet wet (punx2) and see what lies just below the surface (punx3) of this great game!"
76561198121841908,Recommended,264710,24123931,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,X.L-Sloth620,where do i start.ok i guess il do the pros and cons.PROS:hours of gameplay and more to domany biomes and creatureslow pricetaggreat visualsthe building is easy to learnand so much moreCONS:bad pop-insa bit of lagthere is so much in this one game that i cant list all of the prossometimes you will feel amazed to scared this game has it alli rate this game a 100000000/10GO BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!
76561198161940191,Recommended,264710,17398035,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,JennaMenna27,"Subnautica is a brilliant game with limitless opurtunity, to anyone who wishes to see the game more indepth view (Youtuber) JackSepticEye's series of it. I highly recomend this game to anyone who likes unique survival games and games where you can do and create anything you want to (within the games capabilities of course)"
,Recommended,264710,17379859,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ShoT_UP 力,This game is a fun first person exploration gameit conatins lots of weird scary and cool contents and might take a long time for somethingit was g8 i r8 8/8
,Recommended,264710,17421053,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,✧  Arata  ✧,"Such a beautiful open-world diving game!! This is honestly better than other underwater games.Pros:Very detailed.You have a dev console, when you want to just sandbox the game.Explosions.You have a ""SUBMARINE"" if you want to explore!Giant freaking monsters!Cons:Reaper leviathan seems overpowered alittle.Add more fish, (Gigantic Mushroom Worm, Cave Crabs)That is all I have to say! A legit 10/10!EDIT: omg they released the new updateeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee"
76561198170678322,Recommended,264710,17421870,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,BadManWill393,outstanding
76561198154097026,Recommended,264710,17396285,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Will Ferrell,this  game has monster that are so sexxy that i ♥♥♥♥ed 12 times
76561198202074548,Recommended,264710,17382185,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Beastlyjames007,i loved wacthing jacksepticeye playing this game and he inspired me to play it and this is the best game ever
76561198154372035,Recommended,264710,17382679,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,isaacdoyleb123,ITS ABSOLUTELY AMZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ANT WAIT FOR THE FULL AMAZING VERSION!!!!!!!!!!
76561198069586812,Recommended,264710,17408914,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,casey0701,I LIKE THE PATH THIS GAME IS TAKING AND I LIKE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT
76561197996031175,Recommended,264710,20265727,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Team Vladof,"I normally avoid Early Access games, but Subnautica's devs are putting on a clinic on how to do an Early Access game right:+ Transparency of development with fans+ Regular updates (usually once a month) that add real features+ Can choose your level of beta testing by using either Stable build (updated once a month  and has relatively few bugs and stable features), or Experimental build (updated daily with upcoming features to bug test)+ Clear direction for game (they have a story, and all work leads towards it. None of this ""what do you players want to see us implement next?"" garbage that leads other Early Access games into development stagnation)+ Each update is split of a) polishing graphics, b) adding new features, c) expanding story line.PROS (so far):+ Open world sandbox, but in a good ""tourist"" way+ Huge, beutiful, hand-crafted environments+ Huge tech tree / crafting to explore+ Some really serene moments+ Some really scary-as-**** momentsNEUTRALS (these could change, so I don't call them ""cons)- Music is great, but simply stops awkwardly sometimes, probably due to area transitions. Music transitions need to be handled smoother.- Game won't outright give you a speargun or bang stick, insinuating that it frowns on violence. But,  you get some Charge Fins + Stasis Rifle + Dive Knife you can become a big game hunter and just slaughter mid-sized predators. Seems odd.- Technology is bipolar in game. You have a futuro replicator that can make anything, but you have to use an old-school rope-based dive reel, a bulky hand-held dive light, and a ""buoy"" to float to surface (even though IRL we have BCV's..buoyancy control vests). The hand-held SeaGlide doesn't act like a sub (ie: you don't ""dismount"" it, you simply ""put it away"" which seems odd since it's super-bulky).- Air tanks are annoying. They're like mini-tanks (size of water bottle) that hold seconds of air forcing you to constantly resurface or find some source of air every 2-3 minutes.- Environments, objects, textures have a tendency to pop-in regardless of performance settings. They're working on this, but I still see quite a bit of pop-in from ""distant"" to ""near"" transitions even on their minimal and recommended settings. (It helps if game is installed on an SSD. My GTX760 can keep up with the detail, but the pop-in is caused by assets being loaded from drive all the time)- Little tutorial, and sometimes hard to figure out how to do something, so you'll need to google for solutions (eg: when mini-sub runs out of power, how do you replace the power cell? On other small powered objects you hit your ""reload"" key, but on the mini-sub you have to get out, look at the power cell on the back, and ""use"" it to replace it. Makes sense, but not so obvious the first time.)- World is static by design, so you have to make hard choices on what to craft, eat, etc via limited world resources. The game is about making concious choices on how to be a caretaker (or ravager) to the planet you crashed on. Unfortunately, large objects like the Cyclops sub have no way to recharge power cells. So, you constantly throw away resources to make them as it eats them like popcorn. Eventually you never use it, because you're tired of it wasting non-replenishable resources. I think they'll eventually make a recharge option, but for now sometimes the ""no respawn"" aspect is restrictive.- Sea floor is dangerous, but open water & surface is not. As a diver IRL (advanced SSI cert) this baffles me a bit, because in real life open water is scary as ****, since that's where some sharks hang out IRL waiting for anything dumb enough to go open-water so they can munch on it. In this game you have to refill your air tanks often, so you just pop up from 100m on the sea floor to the surface knowing you'll be completly safe. In other games (eg: Shark! Hunting the Great White) I get physically ill to my stomach in open-water or on the surface, surrounded by nothing, can't see the bottom, and not knowing if anything is about to come up from under me in my blind spot. It's a basic human instinct to NOT be comfortable in that situation since we're land animals. But, here, while I got sick to my stomach the first couple of times, eventually I learned it's perfectly safe, so I'm comfortable there. Seems odd. Very odd.- There needs to be some friendly animals. Something dolphin-like in nature that comes up to you out of curiousity, and perhaps helps protect you from predators or saves you from drowning at times. In this game there's only predators and neutral fish. There's no animals that are just neutral but also curious of you or helpful.- Silver is needed for a lot of higher-end crafting, but they make it too difficult to find. For starters, the rocks its in are hidden in grassy reef bushes. Second, the sandstone that holds it has a chance to spawn gold, too. You can get gold from other places, though, so I don't know why they feel the need to have sandstone cough up gold. I've got so much gold sitting at my base it's worthless. They need to make each rock type only give out 1 mineral type... eg: sea wreckage gives titanium, limestone gives copper, sandstone gives silver, basalt gives gold... you can find lithium crystals and diamonds out in the open. I don't know why chipping open rocks has to be a Russian Roullette of what you might find. The irony is they put sandstone (the only place to get silver) in areas crawling with predators, but you can head out to deep reefs where gold and diamonds are in abundance and NO predators. What the heck?- There's hidden craftables that only show up if you magically find a very specific element and open your fabricator while holding it. This really annoys me. You have to own or find a blueprint for everything else, and they give you incentive to go get materials to make them. These things, however, are hidden, and they're some of the most useful stuff (like a ******* compass!)- They make you go hunt down fragments to get blue prints for advanced stuff, and it's bipolar. Some things are all over the place and easy to find. Other fragments are only in certain areas and a royal pain to find. Wasn't until my last 2 hours of play that I finally found a fragment to make the mini-sub docking station, and that was even using a wiki to figure out which specific area had those fragments, and exploring it pretty extensively until I finally found one. The water purifier fragment is only located in a wreck near your ship you won't find unless you're lucky, and have radiation gear on... A lot of this is not obvious unless you google up a wiki.- Certain aras are really built out and look amazing. Others are just some terrain editing, textures slapped here and there, and the water darkened to hide the fact it's not polished. Sometimes you will come across clear divisions between areas (like a sandy hill just cuts off in rectangular fashion). This is to be expected as they develop the game more. On the plus-side, everything is lovingly hand-crafted. None of this ""procedurally generated"" garbage."
,Recommended,264710,30383913,Posted: 7 March,all,Idea,"Cool And Awsome game, Its begining to feel and play like a Finished game, And Keep in mind this game has been in early access for 3 years now. A ton of work and Effort was put into this game. 8/10"
,Recommended,264710,30296820,Posted: 3 March,all,[XenithZero],Amazing game!
76561198151468652,Recommended,264710,31082112,Posted: 11 April,all,VELOCiTY,the ultimate game to give you a fear of the ocean and the feeling of going 2 steps forward and 50 steps back
76561198071408174,Recommended,264710,28341878,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Sultry Badger,"I'll come right out and say it. Subnautica is one of my favourite games right now. Seeing the game develop over the relativley short time I have been playing has been as satisfying as the content itself.From the initial incident that cuases you to crash on planet 4546B you have to gather resources to survive. You are taught how to do this by an ever so slightly overbearing Alexa type personal assistant. There are many different types of resources to collect in the varied and beautiful enviroment, all of which are used to create food, water or base parts and equipment.Once you have gathered enough to move out of your temporary home (life pod 5) you can use your amassed titanium and quartz to build a more comfortable abode. The base building feature is well done and getting things to snap in the right place is relativley simple. You can fill your new underwater living quaters with all manner of things, from pure decoration with chairs and coffee machines, to fully fuctioning equipment such as the filtration machines that seperate water and salt making drinkable water and salt to cure fish. There are other such usefull items too such as my personal favourite, the Alien Containment tank. Basically a large aqaurium tank that you can use to store and breed different speciecs of alien creatures.Once you have a base built you might be wondering, ""what next?"" . Well, the story of some of the Aurora crew is out there to be discovered. Contained in PDAs spread across the seas in the other downed life pods. The Aurora itself needs to be explored and the radiation leak fixed. These are just the begining of the story that is available in the Stable build, switch to experimental mode and the story gets much deeper. Figurativley and literally.The enviroment in this game is one of the most beautiful I have seen in a game. The sound effects and visuals work together to make some seriously goosebump inducing moments. Also, some real ""nope, I'm out"" moments too! The creatures in the game range from little edible Peepers to the gigantic Reefbacks. Not all are friendley either as you will find out if you go swimming aroud the Aurora  without paying attention to the roars from the deep...You can help to protect yourself from some of these hostile lifeforms with an array of deterents and vehicles. There are no out and out lethal guns in the game. Just gravity gun style 'Propulsion & repulsion' and 'stasis' rifles. These can be used to pull, push or temporarily freeze in place the planets fauna. If you would rather just run or hide you can do so with vehicles like the seaglide, an underwater personal propulsion unit. Or if you need to hide from a fire spitting Sea Dragon you could curl up in your Cyclops, a massive submarine that functions like a portable base.The game is clearly still in Early Development and as such there are plenty of bugs to be found but most of which are not serious and do not prevent you enjoying the game. The performance has greatly improved as of late also. In Experimental mode I am running at a fairly consistant 60fps with my modest i5-6600K @ 4.2ghz / GTX970 / 16GB DDR4 . There are however certain points when the game is loading new terrain or biomes that I get substantial Lag spikes but again they are much less frequent recently.All in all, this game is a really fun and well put together experience. I am looking forward to see what the developers have in store for future updates and cant wait for the release of the fully fleshed out story. For the money I highley doubt you could be dissapointed."
,Recommended,264710,34045118,Posted: 5 August,all,[GFYS]CallMeDaddy,I want there to be multiplayer xD it will be much more fun to play with friends
76561198038250320,Recommended,264710,23002391,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,darkdragonmage376,"I've had so many close calls in this game. Just minding my own business, swimming around, then you hear THAT SOUND. In the distance you see this long blurry, very hard to make out shape. WAIT NO, that's were the noise is coming from? Swim away, faster, faster!!! No the battery just failed!!! Nooooo, I had so much good finds!"
,Not Recommended,264710,29429513,Posted: 22 January,all,L'appel Du Vidde,Current updates cause the game to crash constantly almost making progress impossible.
76561198042477350,Recommended,264710,33981337,Posted: 2 August,all,Criter,What a DELIGHT!
,Recommended,264710,26718050,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,JiberJuber,"It's awesome to see a fresh survival game that is: pretty, challenging, terrifying and worked on with so much passion.The relience on explortation of the games many diverse and beutiful biomes make it a very beutiful experience along with giving permanent fear of the deep.The games creatures are unique and serve the games atmosphere and challenge factor very well.The PRAWN suit is the best thing ever. Never in a game have a grappled onto a shark and proceded to melt it's face with a mining drill.One of my favourite indie games to dateI rate it: Two Thumbs Up /10"
76561198001116728,Recommended,264710,28933926,Posted: 2 January,all,Darth DANGERMOUSE,"This game scares me, It really does, and I haven't even touched the surface of what this game has in stock."
,Recommended,264710,26720997,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Yoyoperson,"Been playing since before it cost money to get it!!Here's my two cents about the game starting with the cons..Cons:-Blueprints and upgrades are in ridiculous places (if you need something that can help you got below 300 meters... that blueprint/upgrade is somewhere below 300 meters)-Predator's have, over the course of patches, become more aggressive and there are more then there were in early patches-Get used to making batteries because everything dies faster than you thinkBut in all seriousness, the only thing thats frustrated me the most is finding the Blueprints...PRO'S:-The game is visually BEAUTIFUL-The story they have right now is so far great-Even after playing the game for as long as its been out... i'm still finding more things to do and exploring-Peeper's are easier to catch now (so much a blessing)This game has had me coming back to it everytime.Tips:-dont be scared... yeah there are ALOT of predators, but you can out swim most of them-test your limits... right now the only penalty for dying is you lose whatever you just recently picked up-have fun... the game does have its issues but hey...ITS EARLY ACCESS"
,Recommended,264710,28550880,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,:infinity:,"I have had subnautica for about 3 weeks and I love it. The graphix are amazing, the amount of detail is incredible, and the animals, biomes, and plants are so diverse and detailed it's a wonder that the updates are as frequent as they are. I would reccomend this game to anyone who likes exploration or adventure games."
76561198240053916,Recommended,264710,28547026,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Toodles24|trade.tf,"This game holds a special place in my heart, I love it to bits, but the thing I love most is finding a new speciman of life, when I first found the Sea Dragon, I crapped my pants. One thing this game needs is random dead creature skelatons. Imagine, your minding your own business and you come across a crabsquid skelaton or a reefback or shocker, etc."
76561198236791234,Recommended,264710,18479698,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,im from venus,this game is amazing
,Recommended,264710,20538229,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,JUN,"This game is just ♥♥♥♥ing phenominal, Whoever made this is just a ♥♥♥♥ing champ, ♥♥♥♥ me. Effort 10000000000000/100000000000000 You deserve a beer mate on me. God bless. Do i recommend this game? Are you kidding me there should be a bloody are kidding me prompt."
76561198148677503,Recommended,264710,20640240,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,EmeraldT,"Explore the ocean, I ♥♥♥♥ing dare you"
76561198082420703,Recommended,264710,21020658,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Hodor,Dont waste your time by reading reviews. Just go and buy the game. :D
,Recommended,264710,25004052,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Pescintio,beautiful and vast. Daunting and foreboding. Theres not much I dont like about this one
76561198355589147,Not Recommended,264710,29340726,Posted: 18 January,all,Prachel15,"Uninstalled. After I crafted the Cyclops I couldnt get out of the mushroom forest without my game crashing. Tried swimming out, taking my little sub but everytime it crashed."
,Recommended,264710,23828367,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Aesk,"Subnautica sets a mood like no other game I've played. It's absolutly beautiful! If you're a fan of survival games and/or a fan of moody aesthic games this is the game for you! New updates are comeing out quite frequintly too. To be honost if the devs abandoned this game today (They show no signs of doing so), I'd still be very pleased with my purchase."
,Recommended,264710,23829817,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,BuddhaBone,"This game is just beautiful with great game mechanics. If you look for an open world underwater adventure there is nothing that compares to Subnautica at the time of this review! Buy and support, believe me: It's worth it!"
,Recommended,264710,15342803,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,ncj78 [Happy Snake]farmskins.com,this game is fun and games to me and i think it has the potental to turn into a grate game what i want more is like more subs and maby evan an aircraft
76561198146028908,Recommended,264710,28452525,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Lev,"Subnautica is a game that lets you explore a vast alien ocean. Possibly the best thing about this game is that it is very consequent and immersive. The landscape is beautiful and very alive. Sometimes you are swimming over an abyss that gives you the very real feeling that something huge will emerge from it any moment to eat you alive. Sometimes, this actually happens.There is no ingame map in Subnautica which means that you will have to explore and memorize the region on your own. There are no real weapons beside a knife and later some construction tools - you cant get fancy equipment and beat all the monsters, you will always feel a bit insecure and hunted in some regions. You can construct bases and submarines, explore caves and wrecks - altough this game is Early Access there is already a great deal of things you can do.The one downside to this game is at the moment that it usually does not run very smooth; sometimes, parts of the landscape do not load quickly enough; at least on my PC, which certainly is not one of the best."
76561198298288196,Recommended,264710,29655756,Posted: 2 February,all,KingSlayer67,"I honessly LOVE SUBNAUTICA!! But my friend won´t buy the game becouse it hase no Co-OP aka Multiplayer FUNCTION.So please add an Co-Op if its posseble, that would be rlly cool."
,Recommended,264710,21902873,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Tombz,"It's one of best underwater experiences I had in game. Simply love the game, and really hope a multiplayer sequel or expansion comes."
,Recommended,264710,28443718,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Samurai Black,"Amazing game but has a few glitches but thats the reason for this being a early access game and its changed a lot since I first saw it, all in a postive direction Good game:)"
,Not Recommended,264710,28437694,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ArinLM,"well, i can't really recommend a game that does not work. i while ago it did work just fine, but then after one of the updates it just stopped working. and the worst thing is that i can not refund it since it is over 2 weeks old....if anyone would care to help me with this i would be really happy (looks over at the steam customer support wich doesnt exist)"
76561198286774773,Recommended,264710,23558219,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Faduku_Gaming,i want a refun for subnatica
,Recommended,264710,18346667,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Mr. Pancakes,"Easily one of the best games in my Steam Library... It kinda resembles Minecraft, but underwater, with nice graphics, and a fresh feel to it. Recommended, 10^100/10"
76561198080657625,Recommended,264710,31239188,Posted: 19 April,all,StankPool,"Very cool survival sandbox. One of the best I've experienced. It's got so much mystery and intrique, even pushing 90 hours in, I'm still hungry for more - hungry for progress and hungry for answers.explore/gather/craft/build/eat/drinkVery well optimized - my GPU on my laptop didn't quite meet specifications, but it still runs reasonably well.Recommended to fans of the genre!"
76561198210606543,Recommended,264710,29657007,Posted: 2 February,all,Kalman67,I love this game
76561198061411805,Recommended,264710,28439891,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Yung Free,needs coop
,Recommended,264710,25960992,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Kloperman,very dope
,Recommended,264710,17254791,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Kian,this game is magnificent and the 1 thing that will make it the best game ive played is multiplayer plz devz add it
76561198328701627,Recommended,264710,28434606,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sans,Really Laggy | OverPriced | WAYY to hard and maked your ears go red | Makes you rage | but its only fun when you watch a youtuber do it. Rip 20 bucks.
,Recommended,264710,25534060,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Naughty Bear,Best open world water game ever!! With every update gets even better :)
76561198185748971,Not Recommended,264710,29446467,Posted: 23 January,all,in your butt,needs to be fixed.
76561198285359397,Recommended,264710,24570815,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,DABOSS2016YT,AMAZING EVRYONE BUY IT BEFORE THE PRICE RICES
,Recommended,264710,17652208,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Turtle,Giant fish with green ballsack at the end of his tail farted at me10/10 would get farted at again
,Recommended,264710,28654061,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,"After a year + i can safely say these guys are the real deal...... like 'the forest' kinda real deal. If you dident get in on the start you really did miss out on some awesome delevopment. But you dont have to freat... you can still get in on this action. still in ea and developing in a solid state this title is a future diamond just waiting for all atoms to line up correctly.A unique survival game currently in story development that i am finding really exciting.I have no fears giving this title a thumbs up and willl even offer a ""oh, hell ya! Get this s***!"""
76561198272026970,Recommended,264710,29099145,Posted: 7 January,all,24Hercules,This is one of the most fun games I have ever played. I first say it on Jacksepticeyes channel and I loved it. This game has great graphics and a lot of enteractible items. The game does crash every once and a while (note it is an early accses) I would recommend. If I had to rate it I would give it 9/10.
76561197997811199,Recommended,264710,22880792,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,jasonkosowan,"I'm a fan of survival / building games and really liked this one.The core of the gameplay revolves around first finding basic resources to keep yourself alive.  Then building tools and sea bases of increasing complexity and usefulness.  Finally, finding new blueprints of more advanced technology to build.  Very absorbing - I have over 115 hours clocked in.  The devs are also very active, buildling a lot of new updates into the game all the time.The visuals are really stunning and the atmosphere is well done too.One tip - start by playing on survival mode which turns on hunger and thirst.  This will increase the sense of urgency to your game and make it more fun."
76561198024194066,Recommended,264710,28648874,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Cat-Beard,Terrifying.
,Recommended,264710,15647681,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,nossr50,"I love the concept and visuals, but the game has serious frame rate issues with a i7 3930k + GTX 970Look forward to playing it one day when it is better optimized as it looks great.I want to play this, but I can't play it at a playable frame rate yet."
76561197960791354,Recommended,264710,22127034,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Febreze Wizward,I honestly love this game the atmospheric feel to it all of the different creatures and its always being updated eventually i hope this game gets multiplayer so my friends can play with me my only problem with the game is that there are blueprints for pretty much all the advances things and im not saying thats a bad thing but i dont really want to swim around for hours just trying to find the other seaglide fragment.
,Recommended,264710,25293772,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,kestrel,"a good indie early-access game? shut your mouthfantastic atmosphere, survival elements that are tough to manage but also don't get on one's♥♥♥♥♥♥ and an interesting non-lethal weapon lineup that forces you to think creatively about how to approach threats rather than just ""SHOOTY BANG BANG :DDDDdd"". base building is fun too. a solid 8/10"
76561198345521210,Recommended,264710,30038391,Posted: 19 February,all,colleenalbert,subnautica is singlehandedly the best game i have ever played on any device or website. the graphics are amazing and the story is comeing along terrificaly.it just keeps giving me more and more everything. i think anybody thats reading this should go buy the game you wont regret it i can promise you that.
,Recommended,264710,25760690,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,MASTAXPLODER,"*pre-release review*I was keeping an eye on this game like a skulk from up in the rafters for a long time but somehow forgot about it.  The no mans sky debacle reminded me to check out its progress and I ended up buying it.Well I was pleasantly suprised, im having a ton of fun exploring the world and building sea labs.  Im looking forward to the full game."
,Recommended,264710,29427668,Posted: 22 January,all,Some Otaku,"I love this game, and i hope you do too! The only few things i dont like, is the fact that the game is not co-op and it is laggy. Apart from that, i love the game!"
,Recommended,264710,23738195,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,im inconsistant at this game,"Now i'm biased since i love the ocean more than life itself.But this game takes it to a whole new level.I saw this game through jacksepticeye, and was immediately hooked. Even back then, when the game was so much simpler. The biggest thing was the Reaper Leviathon, and it was the most dangerous creature in the game. The Reaper was what hooked me i think really. The Reaper just had everything creative that i love about new games. Everything, down to the name itself. Leviation, a perfect name for a creature aptly created. The sounds it makes are masterfully made, the way it moves looks so real, and yet you know its just a game. This goes for all the creatures in the game.The audio is spectacular! The visuals just make your jaw drop. I recently heard the Sea Dragon Leviathon's sounds in the wiki. It just made my jaw drop. It was amazing. Props to the creators for the ingenious creativity for this game.The only thing i have to say about this game is that it needs a large GPU which is absolutely understandable. But my laptop has a GPU severely  lower than required. However, i did not let that stop me. I still have the game, and still play it. But i need to put it in windowed form, and have it around 800x400 resolution, somewhere in that area. But this is my computers fault, and not the games. So there really is not anything wrong with this game that i find.I cant wait to see what the story holds, and to see all the new creatures that are added."
76561198119399261,Recommended,264710,28247287,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Eruvin,Never have I felt so vulnerable and paranoid.
,Not Recommended,264710,28589551,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,|$m0k!n|-R0m-,"I don't often write negative reviews. Actually, I only do when games have enormous potential but have one major flaw that spoils the whole experience.The optimization in this game is horrible.The recommended settings are a GTX 550 and I have a GTX 660 (I know my card is getting old but still.... and people with better setups have the same issue). The game has numerous lagspikes but not all the time (which shows it's an optimization issue that can be fixed, I think it must be terrain loading), enough though to ruin game experience (even on lowest settingsand even when I tried forcing directx 9).This game looks incredibly fun and vast with a lot to do and explore, it's such a shame.I will update this review to a positive one as soon as the performance issues are fixed.Sadly, I cannot recommend this game as of now."
,Recommended,264710,18378823,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,A Fresh Pair of Timbs,"1. Spawn and gather stuff2. Build sweet base3. Find caves with more to collect4. Mini sub thing5. Go deep and see Reaper6. Eats sub and roars7. I die8. RepeatThat's pretty much the whole gameOscian-69/10:Subnautica, shows you how scary the ocean really is"
,Recommended,264710,22842699,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,[ETG]Senlar www.EnjoyTheGame.net,"This is exactly what I hoped it would be, and it's still in early access! The environments look great and the gameplay is fun. There's a feeling of advancement as you build items that allow you to explore further and deeper with a great building system to construct underwater bases. Very very very fun!!"
,Recommended,264710,21873644,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,YT:Digital Beast,"Decent game imo.Pros:1.) The graphics are pleasing to the eye, I am prone to motion sickness, and this game really hasn't given me any.2.) If you play casually it's pretty laid back, good for just kill time. The saving feature is pretty nice.3.) Actual east cheat codes that arn't spawn_blahlaksdjklsjdl_100_93_(**&###4_summon god4.) Great survival game, rounds all the aspects of survival in a good way. Not where everything is too demanding, yet it's always a conscious threat. Games like ark or forest survival kinda turned into a chore instead of a hard action later on. Of course in subnautica you will find things to help you along the survive train.Now the cons.1.) There is no control scheme for newbies as far as I could see, I could be wrong but I haven't found any. Had to google how to get to inventory.2.) The tutorial is confusing, and is I guess not really effective.3.) Mats for important things such as solar panels are hard to find for me, way to many seamoths.4.) You can either spawn in a bad area or good one, your kelp forest could be infested with creatures that want to eat you or not.Other than that it's kinda a good game. I would try it!"
,Recommended,264710,24021326,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,megapixels,Please make this multiplayer somehow. It would be amazing to do co-op with someone. I was surprised how realistic everything looks. The noises make your heart race and feel like you're really swimming into depths unknown. It's difficult enough to keep you trying but not so hard that you give up and quick trying. I'm very impressed.
76561198098589371,Recommended,264710,20686787,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Chara,"I love the game but when I updated it. When I was loading, the game would not respond and if I touched something the game would crash out and if I did not touch anything it would do the same thing. When I tried reinstalling it the same thing happened.So can you please fix it or suggest some ways to fix it.Thank you."
76561198137474910,Recommended,264710,24894212,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,King Meepers,this game is great. takes knowledege tho
,Recommended,264710,31090553,Posted: 11 April,all,Scavenge,"One of those few early access games that got impressively supported and grew into the game we expect it to be, and it keeps growing.  The game ranges from fascinating to rather eerie.  It's a really great survival/crafting game.8/10, totally worth the price."
,Recommended,264710,17886490,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,YetiBaptist,This game be dope as ♥♥♥♥ props out to dem crazy♥♥♥♥♥developas Gmother♥♥♥♥ingG dev team
76561198355196666,Recommended,264710,33951254,Posted: 1 August,all,Trumandv,"Very fun. Once I started playing, I just couldn't stop. This game is amazing, has great graphics and everything! I would rate this 11/10 if I could rate it."
,Not Recommended,264710,28106195,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Tori Crash,"I want so much to like Subnautica, and I even bought it AFTER deciding I didn't like it in hopes that future updates will make the game more playable.The problem is not the physics, or the mechanics, or the environment, it's the bull that takes you out of immersion. You're a crew member of a highly advanced society, but your emergency tablet doesn't have the plans to build a room? That's absurd! Defenders have passed this off as your PDA and pod being broken... but you can still recombinant objects at a molecular level? Beyond ridiculous! The Aurora has crashed, the entire forward section is smashed to bits, but there's no doors or entryways in every one of those sections? Holy F is that ever idiotic! The Aurora is filled with fully modelled prawn that look completely intact, but you still need to scan a bunch to build one!?It's visually beautiful, the sound design is superb, the music is nice, but the foundation of the story and gameplay irritate me to anger, and I just cannot play the game, even if I cheat away the stuff I find ludicrous."
76561198354154803,Recommended,264710,29218264,Posted: 12 January,all,professor_punch,good harmless fun :D
76561198167353091,Recommended,264710,29218065,Posted: 12 January,all,UhBreezy K. csgogem.com,This game is great you just have to delete that file that crashes and lags your game
76561198351292173,Recommended,264710,29738912,Posted: 6 February,all,Vamp11,Love it
,Recommended,264710,29912851,Posted: 13 February,all,Herakilla,Outstanding game.  Developers are regularly adding to it and it should be fully released soon.  No multiplayer yet but I do approve of their current plan to make a brilliant single player game for full release and then add multiplayer onto it later.  When they do get around to multiplayer (hopefully!) this is going to be a blockbuster
76561198124736389,Recommended,264710,29712972,Posted: 5 February,all,E=mc²,Great game!
,Recommended,264710,29805199,Posted: 9 February,all,TeslasToaster,This game is fantastic. Hours of gameplay
,Not Recommended,264710,29905292,Posted: 13 February,all,SheNeedAMan,"Its a fun survival game. The atmosphere of the unknown ocean is great. This game made me feel scared everytime I went deeper into the abyss. All in all a great game... besides the constant crashing and horrible pop in that could result into a crash. The crashing and pop ins are something that makes this game so annoying to play. Constant saves helps, but sometime you just forget to save, or in my case save only in a safe location, and that causes hours of progress gone. This game is great, but the constant crashing is a huge issue that everyone I've seen suffer with. The devs are trying to fix the issue, but untill its fixed I can't recommend this game to anyone, even those that love this genre. Save yourself the time, money and emotional rage and just wait for the full launch of this game. I can only recommend this game as is if its on sale for less then $5. Anymore then that and you're just wasting your money."
,Not Recommended,264710,29908821,Posted: 13 February,all,iPlayNak3d,"Frame drops make the game unplayable no matter what i tried, i got over the recommented pc specs!!"
76561198308221882,Recommended,264710,32053375,Posted: 29 May,all,Ben,"Good game, but wonce you have a good base and arn't in fear of dieing it starts to loose its tast"
76561198006811809,Recommended,264710,24879437,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Xavier,"little buggy game, but good"
,Recommended,264710,31423964,Posted: 28 April,all,MeanBean,Such a rewarding scary survival game
,Recommended,264710,23435866,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Maui but in Hawk,"Its a game with a interesting eco system.I remembern myself just scanning fish and reading their Bio.THE GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING, and it is not even finished.I see alot of negative reviews complaining about glitches, the only thing i could say to that is: This Early Access game is not complete and may or may not change further. If you are not excited to play this game in its current state, then you should wait to see if the game progresses further in development."
,Recommended,264710,17525968,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Andy Bernard,Good god! SO much wildlife and crap! Good job on making this game ten times better. Every Time I get on there is something new. Please keep doing good work. Plus I recommend this game to everyone.
,Recommended,264710,34197355,Posted: 12 August,all,Wolf Den Gaming,Great game!  Can't wait for the full release!
,Recommended,264710,28920129,Posted: 1 January,all,dragonczeck,I am a big fan of crafting and exploration games.So two thumbs up on that!5/7!What I'm able to do and see in this game is a fantastic experience.There are some absolutely stunning areas to explore.I cant wait to see where this game goes.There's so much more I'd like to see out of this game.
76561198138830932,Recommended,264710,18900160,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,PeteTheBoss,For so long I have searched the Internet to find a new game that takes skill to play. I regard the fact that this game has a great amount of potential and say that if this was the full release right now then it still would go all over the Internet and be somewhat known. Since this game is still constantly updating it might become the most popular game all over the internet. I recommend this game to everyone who is willing to try it out.
76561198219264805,Recommended,264710,21504249,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Puajr,you cant blame it is a early acses so it is bound have a few gilches so yupbut 100% super cool (i mean 199%)
76561198184903534,Recommended,264710,19643652,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Paulsen52,I forgot how to open inventory
,Recommended,264710,30343498,Posted: 5 March,all,runulkerne skinhub.com,very fun game
76561198212247417,Recommended,264710,34688715,Posted: 2 September,all,LukeyNC,"Let me start off by saying, this game is amazing. I have spent hours on hours playing this game, they keep adding storyline witch is amazing to watch unfold, it's as if your playing an interactive story. While at the same time there is a massive free world aspect to it. You can go looking for one item, then get distracted, and only rember 3 hours later what you wanted to do. There is that much to do. While I enjoyed the game, I played it on my laptop so it had some serious fps issues. I'm pretty sure its my computer but a warning to buyer, if you don't have a computer that can run games like this at good fps, then this won't be any different. Overall though this game is amazing and it's an awesome experience to go through the development with others."
,Recommended,264710,21104294,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Thicc Thighs,This game is absolutely awesome!
76561198004571725,Recommended,264710,22979380,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Lateralus,One of the best games on steam.
76561198220424709,Recommended,264710,25948994,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,swirlymooshroom,great game i love it
76561198053874012,Recommended,264710,26023531,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MysticNightmare,One of the most in depth games I've ever played. The gameplay freedom that is afforded you by this game makes it extremely astounding. While it's also  some what system intensive game it can still be enjoyed at low settings as well.  Right now it is considered to be one of the gold standard games of survival and earns this title very well. I highly recommend Subnautica to any survival game enthusiast.
76561198131663756,Recommended,264710,33144326,Posted: 2 July,all,dOnT tRoLl,"One of the best games I've ever played, I bought this game last year but I forgot aboutit and got to play it a couple of days back, let's just say that breakfast at 13:30 is a normal thing for me now"
76561198048954422,Recommended,264710,31230097,Posted: 18 April,all,nadreth,You're not going to find many Early Access titles that are better than this one.
76561198207242880,Recommended,264710,24642406,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,CaMBoY1224,Every time I play I sink further further away from society into the watery depths of Subnautica...
,Recommended,264710,33654342,Posted: 19 July,all,Kidkoala,Good unique survival game. There's no dinosaurs to tame so thats a big +
76561198283109848,Recommended,264710,29979515,Posted: 17 February,all,Chemical Confusion,"Can't help finding myself emmersed constantly, sparks the imgination and extreame commitment from the dev's.Dinfinitly recommend this game to anyone looking for something new and awesome!"
76561197970153621,Recommended,264710,32749573,Posted: 24 June,all,Noobiecanoobie,"Highly enjoyable and beautiful survival game. Science fictionk survival horror game set in an alien paradise.I played this game one year ago, consumed all content at the time, and then restarted recently. Devs have been on the job and it is now very near completion (with beginning through to ending experience.)Quite relaxing. Play at your own pace. The environment is dangerous but you can prepare your self for it and venture out when prepared. The penalty for mistakes and death is low, so you can recover or reload if you wish.Great construction / crafting interface.  Shows very mature design decisions in terms of gameplay and interface. Good configuration options for casual to more hard core survival experience.You will not regret buying this game."
,Recommended,264710,34770082,Posted: 5 September,all,Dr. Pepper Delivery Guy,"The FitnessGram Pacer test is a multi test arobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues.The twenty meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds, line up at the start, the running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute you hear this signal: ♥♥♥♥ing normies, REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE, a single lap should be completed each time your hear this sound: ""Allahu Akbar"", remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. the second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start, get ready: Start. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen. Two. Sixteen. Seventeen. Eighteen. Nineteen. Twenty. Twenty One. Twenty Two. Twenty Three. Twenty Four. Twenty Five. Twenty Six. Twenty Seven. Twenty Eight. Twenty Nine. Thirty. Thirty One. Thirty Two. Thirty Three. Thirty Four. Thirty Five. Four Thirty Six. Thirty Seven. Thirty Eight. Thirty Nine. Fourty. Fourty One. Fourty Two. Fourty Three. Fourty Four. Fourty Five. Fourty Six. Fourty Seven. Fourty Eight. Fourty Nine. Fifty. Fifty One. Fifty Two. Fifty Three. Fifty Four. Fifty Five. Fifty Six. Fifty Seven. Fifty Eight. Fifty Nine. Sixty. Sixty One. Sixty Two. Sixty Three. Sixty Four. Sixty Five. Sixty Six. Sixty Seven. Sixty Eight. Sixty Nine. Ninety. Ninety One. Ninety Two. Ninety Three. Ninety Four. Ninety Five. Ninety Six. Ninety Seven. Ninety Eight. Ninety Nine. One Hundred. One Hundred and One. One Hundred and Two. One Hundred and Three. One Hundred and Four. One Hundred and Five. One Hundred and Six. One Hundred and Seven. One Hundred and Eight.One Hundred and Nine. One Hundred and Ten. One Hundred and Eleven. One Hundred and Twelve. One Hundred and Thirteen. One Hundred and Fourteen. One Hundred and Fifteen. Two. One Hundred and Sixteen. One Hundred and Seventeen.One Hundred and Eighteen. One Hundred and Nineteen. One Hundred and Twenty.One Hundred and Twenty One. One Hundred and Twenty Two. One Hundred and Twenty Three. One Hundred and Twenty Four. One Hundred and Twenty Five. One Hundred and Twenty Six. One Hundred and Twenty Seven. One Hundred and Twenty Eight. One Hundred and Twenty Nine. One Hundred and Thirty. One Hundred and Thirty One. One Hundred and Thirty Two. One Hundred and Thirty Three. One Hundred and Thirty Four. One Hundred and Thirty Five. One Hundred and Thirty Six. One Hundred and Thirty Seven. One Hundred and Thirty Eight. One Hundred and Thirty Nine. One Hundred and Fourty. One Hundred and Fourty One. One Hundred and Fourty Two. One Hundred and Fourty Three. One Hundred and Fourty Four. One Hundred and Fourty Five. One Hundred and Fourty Six. One Hundred and Fourty Seven.One Hundred and Fourty Eight.One Hundred and Fourty Nine. One Hundred and Fifty."
,Recommended,264710,30417421,Posted: 9 March,all,EpieOwnz,If you want to play a underwater survival game buy this. It is simply an amazing underwater adventure survival game I honestly have no other way of describing this game. Can`t wait for the full release.
,Recommended,264710,16451786,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Summerwind,"''Welcome to the salty spitoon, how tough are ya?''''How tough am I? I just SWAM to the Aurora and back.''''Yeah? So?''''Without any pulse rifles.''''Come on in, sir.''"
,Recommended,264710,24260095,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,FFFRRROOOOTTTTT,Best fear of oceans simulator out there.10/10
76561197976864992,Recommended,264710,32912870,Posted: 27 June,all,CF_Roth,Wow
,Recommended,264710,34743687,Posted: 4 September,all,Robo,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I have thalassophobia.
76561198063609581,Recommended,264710,30149235,Posted: 24 February,all,durosadd,"Nice survival game. Orth it if you can get it on sale,Hope the game gets finished."
,Recommended,264710,20015777,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,A retarded,"I have never played a game that has taken place almost entirely under the sea, and I Absolutly love it!The gameplay is survival under the water, building bases catching your food mining for resources. It manages to captivate even in the most monontous tasks0/10 too much water"
,Recommended,264710,21859534,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Tree,"It's fun, buggy, and unfinished all at the same time."
76561198151768390,Recommended,264710,22899575,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,CrazyJohn,Great game
,Recommended,264710,22898506,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Space Guy,Alien Sushi!
76561198026931892,Not Recommended,264710,28479038,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Grenadieros,"It used to be a great game, but the more the time passes, the more buggy it gets. Huge fps, random crashes, subs getting stuck on nothing, outdoors bugging for indoors so falling to your death in the sea floor, the fabricator moving places in the zone , graphics glitching and various more. It simply has become unplayable and annoying to play. Shame"
76561198046134668,Recommended,264710,28920367,Posted: 1 January,all,master doge,its worth the money if you have a strong and super good computer and it doesent lag on full res worth it but when i bought it i lagged alot
,Recommended,264710,23471038,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,[IUDGI] NoahZ,"Lags alot but VERY awesome.If you have a good computer that is HIGHER than any of the Mac/PC Settings, your good to go. IF you have the Recommended or the Standard one, your screwed.BUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTheres whats good about it:Underwater Survival (Apart from No Man's sky)Beautiful Graphics (at highest, the rest is terrible, don't let that ruin perfect gameplay though!)BEAUTIFUL Soundtracks and marvelous story!Super realistic like what would happen in real life (Besides the aliens and the high technology stuff)and I guess I can't really list any more? But just incase I have more ill just put anetclolk goodbyewhy are you still here?!STOP FOLLOWING ME!!fine, goodbyeokay seriously stopno I'm seriousokay fine Ill tell you one more thing.I downloaded Subnautica at 2015 December 30thokay seriously why are you still following meokay go to bedokay just please if its night, go to bed!STOP OR ILL NO THIS GAMEloljkokay seriously, bye have a great time xD"
,Recommended,264710,20242880,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,CubixTale,"Pros/ConsPros:*(seemingly)infinate world*nice graphics*rather creepy*captures what it is like to be on an unexplored planetCons:*not many monsters(YET)*when you reach the ""end"" of the world there is just an endless trench*unstable/may crash itself or even your whole computer(it crashes my pc often)*Kinda laggy (not due to graphics card it just will freeze to lod in more terrain rather than do it on the load screen)*If you use commands you run the risk of not being able to craft(crafting bench shoots lasers infinately)*the ship will occansionally not explode for whatever reason(even after the countdown)"
76561198085479021,Recommended,264710,21499478,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TyeDyedFox,There is no game like subnautica that makes you feel like youare actually on a different planet. i've had dreams about♥♥♥♥♥♥like this.
76561198203036514,Recommended,264710,21501321,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Shadow_of_Sin,awesome
,Not Recommended,264710,27685691,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Senior referee Callum,Not very many things to do in this game.5/10
76561198168690505,Recommended,264710,34285438,Posted: 16 August,all,✡KINGELI✡,Great sandbox survival game.
,Recommended,264710,31821902,Posted: 18 May,all,BombThem,Better than minecraft.
,Recommended,264710,34846380,Posted: 9 September,all,Spice Cool Kid Jeff,K
76561198126312797,Recommended,264710,19314915,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Dusk_fox.♀,this game freaks me the f--- out. (i never liked deep sea stuff) but whoever made this. know exactley how to do atmosphire. the game has a while to go yet. but the postential is hear. ill be wailting for the day someone comperes it to minectaft.unless you hate the sea. i recomend to try and support its cratators. but im not that important so whatever...
,Not Recommended,264710,29447519,Posted: 23 January,all,ChifeDavid,"Stutters and crashes, this has been going on since launch and its only getting worse.I can't recommend this game right now, its just a♥♥♥♥♥♥show."
,Recommended,264710,31225254,Posted: 18 April,all,Mentat Fox [House Ordos],"I adore Subnautica, there are so many of these different types of survival open world building games(minecraft clones if you want to say) out there but this one to me stands out. Story, depth(water), animals, ecosystems, technology, the sense of wonder and terror, while trying to uncover what why when who and how.I know the developers didn't want a shoot game with guns and all but if this is truly an exploration first contact space team and group(even if miners) they would have some form of ranged weapons. If not guns, than at least some kind of energy weapons or phasers like in star trek would make the most sense especially in an underwater enviroment.The game is still in early access so there is still much that will be added and updated, but I am very proud of what they have accomplished since i started playing it about 2 years ago.Keep up the good work,I recommend adding co-op at least, some kind of ranged phaser weapons, more alien lifeforms, more terrifying beasts like a giant squid able to pull your huge sub down, enemy aliens or at least enemy humans later."
,Recommended,264710,33236026,Posted: 4 July,all,giveortake,"I've been playing this game for a long time in its development, and of all the games that I've purchased while in early access, this is the one that's had the most progress and gotten the most excitement.I personally have a strong love-hate relationship with ocean games. I love the ocean, but it honestly terrifies me. Despite this, Subnautica has drawn me in fully to the beautiful and deadly alien world it provides.The art direction is comfortably cartoony without sacrificing a serious terror, and the game's design aesthetic is incredible. There are very many incredible diverse biomes, each with their own creatures and challenges.The soundtrack is also so good, I wish I could purchase it. (If you want to listen to it for yourself, head over to their Soundcloud page.)If you've been on the fence about whether or not to get this game, now's a great time to take the dive."
76561198160349232,Recommended,264710,25248968,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,linkmati,"One of the best survival game that i played but, it needs multiplayer."
76561198074342138,Recommended,264710,27261087,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,theme_7,-The best survival game after Minecraft.-Very good mood-Best idea in the survival games
76561198163774979,Recommended,264710,28092029,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ItsNAENAES,Im probably not the first to say this but Subnautica in multiplayer would be a dream come true!
,Recommended,264710,31222360,Posted: 18 April,all,Lord of Sauce,Great game. Fun to just explore and build in sandbox and great for survival. Always leaves you wanting more after each update and I can't wait for the full game to come out.
,Recommended,264710,31240930,Posted: 19 April,all,TheHolyInvader,"Subnautica is a good example of why jumping into a game early is bad for the average user, but what a healthy, early access title can achieve as it grows with its playerbase.Subnautica is obviously, a game about spending your time in an alien ocean after crash landing, leaving the player with no information as to why or how, and are slowly trickled informaiton through the story through exploration.Subnautica in its early stages was rather...limited. It didn't have a lot to do, and the story was not completed. Hell, when I first purchased it, you weren't allowed to go near the main shipwreck through normal gameplay, let alone explore inside of it. But as time went on, The developers took care of it, making sure to continue adding content and polish in order to achieve a finalized product, but all the way, Subnautica remained ""Fun."" not having to delve into goofy mechnics in order to keep things interesting.Eventually this culminates in what you see now, a near finished product that a normal player could easily attain 20 hours of gameplay with, and for the price, that is eincredibly fair.A beautiful, frightening atmosphere, well crafted with its ambiet sounds to make for a terrifying experience without having to use actual horror.A well crafted enviroment, though a little lacking while on land, the underwater flora and fauna is pretty, and highly believable.Threats which are actually frightening, if not visually due to the games usage of fog and darkness, simply due to the sounds they make.A rich plethora of usable content, allowing more decorative players to have their fun, while less home bound players can explore without feeling handicapped.Previously I could not recommend Subnautica due to its limitations in its early access form, but as it approaches release, those who have not taken the dive, I highly recommend that you do, even as it prepares for its final release into 1.0"
,Recommended,264710,31222429,Posted: 18 April,all,Darth Tormounus,As far as early access games go this is one of the best. The game is fairly stable and unlike most E.A games the devs actually update the game and put out content. It's fun and has great moments of tension and the atmosphere each biome creates is creepily satisfying.My one argument about this game would be at this point it would be best to wait for the full game to be developed and released. the game has most of its content but is missing more of the story elements wich are being added soon.
76561198005675512,Recommended,264710,31225604,Posted: 18 April,all,Gidderuni n Cheese,Great game even though it's in devolpement and this game has come a long ways away from what it used to be I would highly recomend this game
76561198097163399,Recommended,264710,30130685,Posted: 23 February,all,Migraine,"This game is a great first person story but survival driven game. I highly recommend it, but for players (like me) who have never played this game before, it can be a challenge to even progress properly. You dont know how to get stuff so you just look around for an hour until you realize its some random♥♥♥♥♥thing in the caves that you needed to make a item. I think the developers really need to help new players get their adventure going"
,Recommended,264710,34806997,Posted: 7 September,all,psyq,Would pay for early access again. Shut up and take my money!
76561198262825296,Recommended,264710,28720857,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,lennon2003,good game lots to do/sea (get it see sea nevermind ) water looks real the graphics  in general are awesome if you hear a noise outside at night youll either get a tiny what was that moment or youll pee yourself crap yourself and cry in a corner scared as hell 10/10 great game
76561197993432994,Recommended,264710,28721435,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,GoldSabre,"I feel like Mark Watney, but instead of taters it's fish."
76561198200423501,Recommended,264710,17994546,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,SecksyShpee,Completely epic. Lets just hope that all these futuristic games wont foretell the future XD.With lots of game dev updates This game is worth every penny 9/10
76561198367562018,Recommended,264710,31475786,Posted: 30 April,all,SleazyT,"What can I say about crashnautica......I bought this game because it's VR support, but it crashes so often that I quit using my HTC vive. I'm using an i7 3770 @4.5GHz and a GTX 1080 FTW, even when I turn graphics settings down the game crashes in VR and in regular gaming, though far less crashing in standard mode compared to VR. I rarely end a session without a crash. My longest game, ~4.5hrs (total but there was quite a bit of crashing in that) ended with a corrupt save following a crash immediately after saving....So frustrating to know that  my progress can just be wiped out in an instant. If it didn't crash all the time, and inventory items and constructables didn't disapear I would highly recomend this game. As it is, it's super fun but just too frustrating to take serious. On a side note, when playing in VR it is AMAZING!!!!!!! It is one of the best looking VR games and the standard game feels so hollow in comparason. The creatures and landscapes are massive in VR, in standard game play something just feels off, like everything is tiny and distant....when you swim amongst the reefbacks in VR it feels so completely out of this world....I don't know, almost like you've crashed landed on an alien planet in a distant solar system....and then it really crashes.I would rate the game as 6/10 right now due to bugs, but still recommend based on developer support and simply it's fun and I've never played anything like it. If this game were stable in VR it would unquestionably be a 100+ hour game and 10/10.i7 3770K @4.5GHZGTX 1080 FTW16 GB RAMUpdate: 7/17/17I've been playing since the recent update and it seems the Devs have done a lot to remedy the crashing. I love this game, and feel it's my favorite VR game at this time.Update: 9/12/17Just finished playing a save that has 11 hours of game play in VR without a single crash! If that's not amazing enough, I have supersampling set to 1.8  This is a beautiful game and I honesltly want to thank the team at Unknown Worlds for making what might possibly be my favorite single player game of all time. This is a master piece and isn't even finished!!!!!"
76561198000692221,Recommended,264710,29419904,Posted: 22 January,all,Zealous99,Lots of potential
,Recommended,264710,28285873,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ApexDan,A fish that high five you. 11/10
76561198067164265,Recommended,264710,30285812,Posted: 2 March,all,chillkroete,"Great game, gets better with evey hour you play"
,Recommended,264710,30285931,Posted: 2 March,all,twowayliar,good game
76561198367501690,Recommended,264710,30287218,Posted: 2 March,all,xXking_willyXx,amazing game great graphics and good story line overall i love the game
,Recommended,264710,24450057,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Zar,"This is a good game! I've played for hours on end:Pros:Unique ArtstylePlenty of variation on mobs/terrainVery creative in terms of base-buildingCons:Easy to exploit: Ex: Building and rebuilding the health-pack generator provides quick, easy, and infinite health packs without having to waitAfter getting all of the blueprints are collected, the game just gets boringSummary: Eventually add a storyline, that doesn't require intensive searching to patch together, or npc's to add more to the game."
76561198210824561,Recommended,264710,26531913,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,The Rogue,"Awesome game! Full of exploration, building, creatures and much much more! I highly recommendthis game to anyone who likes anything above. (I'm still playing this awesome game!)10/10"
,Not Recommended,264710,29456575,Posted: 23 January,all,Toofast,"I like to think that any game I've played for more than 24 hours is woth it's money, but this game has far too many problems for me to give it a positive review.  At first the game runs ok, a bit of stuttering here and there but nothing major.  However the longer you play the same file, the more it bugs out.  My main file is nearly unplayable now, I have to save every couple of minutes out of fear of the constant crashes.  It seems like the developers are more focused on adding more content to the game than optimization, which is unfortunate."
,Not Recommended,264710,29517501,Posted: 27 January,all,s_leverson,Obviously needs more powerful computer doesn´t perform well even low settings. I have 4gHz i7 and 12gb ram with GTX 970
,Not Recommended,264710,29108664,Posted: 7 January,all,n3Xt,"So i'm playing this game for 12 hours. I got the seamoth, cyclops, and lot of others blueprint. But once I saved my game, then when i get back in game after 1 min it crash and says ""folder 2017-01-08-133308 next to executable"" i dont understand why. and it ALWAYS happen! please man fix this. i dont want to restart everything all over again. and i thought this game was early access, wasnt it? but where are the updates???!!"
,Recommended,264710,35099459,Posted: 21 September,all,raks,best survival game imo.
76561198092418548,Recommended,264710,31210158,Posted: 17 April,all,Agent Casserole,Great Game! Wish it was Multiplayer....
76561197987253937,Recommended,264710,31229970,Posted: 18 April,all,ReenaWitch,"I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone that enjoys open world survival with exploration/adventure type games. Please - don't be put off that it is mainly underwater, it's part of what makes it all the more mysterious and exciting, as well as adding some challenge (don't drown). But seriously, the dev's actually really listen to what the players have been saying during while this game is still in early access and it really shows. I had to quit playing for around 6 months or so because my computer would overheat due to some hardware issues when I played intensive games (not just Subnautica, it's not the game's fault) - I wanted to play so bad during that time, saving up to fix my pc - and just recently I sunk a LOT of money into fixing my pc with the prime reason being that I really wanted to play this game again. All that time I couldn't play, I still kept tabs on what updates were coming out and finally getting to experience them has been wonderful!The world design is beautiful, colorful, and engaging. Visually striking.There are still a lot of features that need to be improved, but it is still early access.TLDR - This game is awesome."
,Recommended,264710,24628479,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Hightizz,"Just as the other reviews say, this is a very fun game. Beautiful environments, great graphics, easy to use.A few cons I've noticed are some minor glitches, which is to be expected and early on you have to swim up to get air quite a lot as you run out fast.All in all great game so far, I highly recommend Subnautica!"
76561198110194578,Recommended,264710,34442011,Posted: 23 August,all,(ACE) GamerSkullz,nice survival game in the deep blue sea brilliant love it
76561198260490905,Recommended,264710,30498664,Posted: 13 March,all,iron-robo-chicken,super laggy plz fix so i can play it again.i used to play all the time now its super laggy!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,264710,35231061,Posted: 26 September,all,invaderzz,very good game
76561198194086733,Recommended,264710,28900116,Posted: 1 January,all,• cαt •,I never thought I'd love a survival game this much but I find myself playing this game more & more!It'd be awesome if it was also available in multiplayer! :3Keep updating please! :D
76561198292375580,Recommended,264710,28900696,Posted: 1 January,all,H3O™,"Awsome game its my favorite gamegood developers worth the money!even though its early accecs, and there are bugs, this game is the best game i've ever played, its really fun, can play hours and not get boared. keep up the good work!release on october 2017. cant wait for it :)"
76561198132264359,Recommended,264710,31844646,Posted: 19 May,all,Jesus,"Just saying, I do mention a few of the creatures and biomes (not direcly but whatever) in the game. If you're new and don't want to know about anything in the game until you see it yourself, don't read this review. Just thought I'd put that out there.So, Subnautica... sorta like a (better) underwater verison of Minecraft. You crash land on some planet, and the rest is history. So, what do I think? Well, I'll get the bad out of the way first... the performance is ""meh"". Most of the time the game runs smoothly, but due to terraforming (which is getting removed according to the timeline) performance will take some pretty sizeable hits at random as the game saves and loads chunks. But for the most part it runs smooth enough. It also doesn't require the latest and greatest GTXMLG420ROCKET♥♥♥♥♥♥O10,000 graphics card... While I was waiting for my 1080 Ti to arrive I was using a GT 545 and it ran smoothly at 720p low settings (which still look nice). Subnautica also seems to properly support ultrawide monitors, which is a huge plus. The game looks beautiful. The only minor annoyance is the goggles which need to be removed by pressing f6 every time the game starts (or a large chunk of the left and right sides of the display are taken up by the insides of the goggles, hopefully this will change). So, what about gameplay? Well, this is where Subnautica shines. In creative mode, it's incredibly fun and interesting to explore the vast biomes spread throughout the world. In survival mode, you're constantly on the move, searching for materials and food, although if you're in challenge you don't need to worry about food, definitely nice if you don't like constantly hunting for rood and instead just making your base and exploring. Be prepared for plenty of resistance though. Whether it be because of depth, radiation, or ""ol' grinkle♥♥♥♥"" as I like to call him, you're gonna need to work quite a lot to acchieve anything. It's definitely nice having a game that offers a good challenge though, I'm not complaining. Oh yeah, the wildlife and diversity... it's, beautiful. There are so many life forms to be found in Subnautica. From the ever so common peeper, to the gentle giant reefback, to the reaper. And they're srtill adding life forms into the game. There are also lots of plants to use in crafting,m as decor, etc. The biomes are also incredible. From floating islands to underwater rivers, the game has lots of diversity. Oh yeah, the story is... very interesting to say the least. I'm not gonna say anything, look it up yourself or play the game to find out. Just wanted to say it's awesome though. Overall, Subnautica is a fantastic game. Sure it doesn't run that great but that should change soon (well, I hope anyways). If you've got the means to buy this game, I recommend doing so."
76561198037080732,Recommended,264710,18560366,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Gentleman,This could be one of the best early access on steam right now. And also one of the best building/crafting/survival games on steam. its a F..ing must buy
76561198125684960,Recommended,264710,23943402,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Funsauce69,If you are a fan of sandbox survival games and enjoy storylines and mystery than this is the game for you! It features an astonishing array of plants and sea creatures that blew me away the first time I dived into that beautiful blue ocean. The story is amazing and isn't even finished yet! There will be times of fear and there will be times of happiness throughout this wonderful game. I recommend this game to anyone with a sense of adventure in their hearts. Also... don't buy this game if your afraid of water!😉 My total rating: 9/10
76561198047420162,Not Recommended,264710,29530673,Posted: 27 January,all,Sexy Salvador,"As much as i love this game, it crashes harder than the Aurora. I wouldnt recommend it in its current state, wait for the ""fix the lag update"". After that buy it immediately."
76561198025129840,Not Recommended,264710,29398710,Posted: 21 January,all,provostkhot,"Runs absolutely crap on gtx970, stutters, freezes for few seconds or just simply crashes. At this stage I'd say: wait another year before getting it."
,Recommended,264710,27952860,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Great White Derp,"As a marine biology student and a professional alien hunter, I can confirm this game is entirely accurate to realism.In all seriousness, I absolutely love it, it has such a unique premise and such amazing colour and design. Also makes me need to change my pants every so often...I have scuba dived in open ocean, rolled onto my back and looked up at the surface of the water, not afraid of what could below me, but this game has a way of instilling that fear into me."
,Recommended,264710,19960624,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,nem,Great game :)
76561198147187757,Recommended,264710,19951125,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,たさゑせねて,"awesome game, it would be even better if it released multiplayer"
76561198126525016,Recommended,264710,20501479,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Anomaly,"Personally I could not play the game ( my pc sucks ) but I REALLY wanted to play it, I think that the dev''s should make it so the graphic's can go down ALOT! Like down to 800x600 and reduce alot of stuff, That way more people will buy it, But I can't meet the minimum requirements to play ( The graphic's card is the problem ) ( as I have intergrated graphic's ), so yeah, if they can make the quality go down ALOT! that would allow me to buy the game again and keep it.But if you have a bad pc then Don't buy this, Trust me, the LOADING screen froze for 10 minutes before it got to the menu."
,Recommended,264710,20552669,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,DaniValentine,NEEDS MULTI-PLAYER!!!
,Recommended,264710,21860976,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,KillaMeep (hellcase.com),AWESOME!
76561197960424245,Recommended,264710,21860936,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Cab,I can't wait to see how the devs continue to build.  I haven't felt such a sense of wonder from a video game in a long time.
,Recommended,264710,21861319,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,EGGBABE,"One of the better early access games. It's already satisfying, immersive, and incredibly atmospheric. Well worth your time."
76561198026607781,Recommended,264710,21877775,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Elephunk,"Wonderful concept with incredible gameplay! Early Access updates have been frequent and consistently filled with good bug fixes, content additions, graphic improvements, and anything else needed to polish it into a refined game."
76561197976488713,Recommended,264710,21861119,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,TazzieDevil,So many really great reviews for a Early Access game - I suggest you buy it and find out why - if you're into Survival games then this one is a must...
,Recommended,264710,21861067,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Bakku,"Best ""Under DA sea"" game."
,Recommended,264710,21861104,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Ze SpyRo,'s gud
,Not Recommended,264710,28438040,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Boismycat (backpack.tf),"I love everything about this game, but God it runs like garbage, I have a decent PC and match all the specs, play on the lowest graphics, and still experience lag akin to having 400+ ping online, also as I write this review my world has been loading for 1300 seconds and is still on entity cells, please fix it or optimize it"
,Recommended,264710,34697348,Posted: 2 September,all,DJGaming /Skinhub.com,.
76561198044940820,Recommended,264710,20113229,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sassafras,Amazing game love it! i could play for hours and not get bored.
76561198091228534,Recommended,264710,20167892,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[DD]General Chad,"An amazing adventure game with much variety, many things to be seen, and a great future. This game is amazing, and I myself would give it 7.5 incoming cloakers out of 10."
76561198165729481,Recommended,264710,19913208,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,zacang,Great game and all but there is no way to see what are your controls are plus i cant find certain materials
76561198151552099,Recommended,264710,19956645,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mango Bay,Amazing game..
,Recommended,264710,20531532,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Gamunji,Its mentally impossible to not love turtles...(i was bored)heres honest review:i like trains43.738 / dorito would like trains again m8
,Recommended,264710,20013242,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MerryChristmas,Please make this co-op.
76561198358270797,Not Recommended,264710,29530335,Posted: 27 January,all,hsojjoshq,it lags all the time and says that i need 4gb of memory space and i do
,Not Recommended,264710,29403913,Posted: 21 January,all,muetimueti,Until they fix the stuttering (which everybody gets to experience regardless of how powerful your machine) I cannot recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,264710,29236151,Posted: 13 January,all,BAWB.BAGET,"While this game looks beautiful and probably even more so in VR, it doesn't do much to explain how to explore it...which I guess is kind of the premise behind it: You crash land in some unknown planet, and you have to spend the time to discover it. But maybe that's why this game's premise is flawed from the start, game-play wise...because it does NOT hold your hand, and gives the impression that you have to grind many hours or look outside of the game to know how to progress past the low-oxygen, directionless monotony of the beginning hours of the crash. The screenshots and videos seem like what you would experience if you spent a lot of hours on in it and I say this because the early beginning of the crash is a SLUGFEST.A game like The Forest comes to mind because it involves a plane crash, and you're all alone. The difference is that it takes place in our planet, has an in-game interactive booklet that tells you how to survive and allows you to place down blue-prints for structures, and tells you what pieces you need to build the blue-print....because it's planet Earth. It is known.But Subnautica just gives you a lifepod, a cabinet, and multiple areas that tell you ""You need a repair tool to fix this!"" but does little to explain where to get it, aside from what resources you need.If you don't get bored of the beginning of the game, as you attempt to explore deeper levels with your limited oxygen, then buy this game.For me, it got BOORING after the first 30 minutes, because I didn't know what direction to go to (can't go to the big ship because of radiation, let me just swim all the way back to my life pod and try the opposite direction!...oh wait, I have to come back up for oxygen because of my small oxygen tank)...not to mention the useless resources I picked up near the crashpod that didn't really translate to any immediate necessities. Just seemed like busy work to me.I really wanted to enjoy this game, but if it weren't for the small amount of oxygen, and slow swimming speed, and useless nearby resources, I wouldn't have returned this.I think this game can improve by changing the lore a bit...you can leave the mystery of the planet, but maybe imply other crashes have happened before. That way you can sort of impose a sort of ""survival guide"" like The Forest, made by previous ""crash-landers."" A survival guide is what this game seriously needs because it feels like a beautiful, yet directionless, waste of time.It's like the age-old argument of realism & good gameplay. Just because something sounds real, or IS real, doesn't mean it translates well to good gameplay...In this case, Subnautica's lore of an undiscovered world does not bode well for the gameplay because it forces you to spend hours and hours trying to understand what to do...especially if it forces you to look outside of the game. Pretty sure other reviews complained about this."
,Recommended,264710,29395826,Posted: 21 January,all,stipriuss,You havent bought this game yet?Water you doing?
76561197968574657,Recommended,264710,28575751,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kinki,"Played this for 3 hours and returned it.Look, the game is amazing.  It's fun, it's exciting, it feels rewarding... until it crashes and you realize you haven't saved in an hour.I will still give it a thumbs up because the development is all positive and constantly moving the game forward, but at the moment there are a few issues people should be aware of (issues that the dev team makes you aware of in big bold text as you load up the game, it's no secret).The optimization is not great.  Expect significant pop-in, frame drops, and stuttering.  Expect crashes.I will buy this game.  I will.  But I refunded it because I simply cannot play it now."
76561198164690563,Not Recommended,264710,29211908,Posted: 12 January,all,mankiller452,I cant play it runs so badly in the erlier vershons it was better now I cant get into the game
76561198331088131,Recommended,264710,31233495,Posted: 19 April,all,Rowan Atkinson,This game was amazing and i really love its graphics. The game is interesting and makes you want to keep playing until you have achieved something that helps you a lot in the game. However there are a few bugs in the game but they ruin the whole game for you.
76561198019961071,Recommended,264710,35244388,Posted: 27 September,all,lordcrekit,"Great! I feel like they mixed exploration with survival and building really well. The world is beautiful, and there's even some cool plot/backstory stuff going on for the intregue. I want more games like this.Only problem is I don't want to play it until it's finished!"
76561198021622527,Recommended,264710,31654019,Posted: 9 May,all,stevej1967,Love the game... Just wish there was a multiplayer component to it.
,Recommended,264710,33929103,Posted: 31 July,all,Meryl 乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,im happy there is no multiplayer.
,Recommended,264710,35099827,Posted: 21 September,all,n1kkoFTW,"Went to explore the Deep Grand reef for the first time, loaded up supplies and went on my way.  As I'm searching the base, one crab squid looks at me through the observatory glass, while another one decides to holocaust my seamoth.  on my attempted escape, they EMP'ed my seaglide, and I was then eaten by a leviathan.10/10 would explore the depths again."
,Recommended,264710,35088106,Posted: 20 September,all,Raven,absolutely awesome game. all it needs is co op or up to 4 players and then itl be 10/10 until then its 6/10 from me
76561198070521054,Recommended,264710,23387627,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,FAT_CUPCAKES,"really good game, recommend it to everyone :), probably one of the best games I have played i love it.has great landscapinggreat creatures and noisesbiomes and many places that are really nice"
76561198407033969,Recommended,264710,35193919,Posted: 24 September,all,"How,Not,To,Live","it's fun, but for some i can not get into the aroria"
,Recommended,264710,17580981,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ViiPeRzMichael,"10/10If you're looking for a underwater survival game and you have other choices I would suggest this game 101%, it's a fantastic game and lots of stuff to discover/find"
,Recommended,264710,22010311,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Vlodril,"Not a fan of the genre usually got this on a whim and i am glad i did.The game looks very pretty, nice art and ui. Love the sci-fish spin to it.What the game does best for me is a)pacing and b) exploration.There are a lot of things to find even in early access and the way the game is made you get to discover everything gradually and organically.You start in shallow waters. Go about 10 to 40 meters. Find how to survive and make water and food with your lifepod. Start building some tools. Discover how to make more things. Start building vehicles or Bases. Go Deeper. Discover more areas and blueprints and things to build.It all flows extremely well and the game gives the one more turn urge (despite it not being turn based).Would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,264710,23564389,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,CKD,"An awesome, beautiful underwater building game with an interesting story, unique creatures, and all your favorite sandbox elements.  Regular updates to the early access version, greatly looking forward to final release!"
,Recommended,264710,25666018,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Zhaeo,"Minding my own business, repairing the reactor room of the Aurora.Look away from computer for one second.Hear loud, high-pitched screeching.Die from heart attack..it was a bleeder."
,Recommended,264710,14962795,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,DarkriteLORD,Omg this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing AWESOME!!Literally the best sandbox game I've ever played!If you LOVE underwater sandbox games this game really is for you!!! It's so realistic it's unbelievable!
76561198276730275,Recommended,264710,31859794,Posted: 20 May,all,Helthy Fuds + Helthy Fuds,"Hey, thats pretty nice..."
,Recommended,264710,15350347,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,gris,Best game ever. Nuf said. But it now.
76561198096211770,Recommended,264710,15992794,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,oof,"This game is great, it can be very beautiful and at some times a very scary game. But this game is great and you should totally get it if you like exploring and subs."
76561198138266240,Recommended,264710,23078394,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Can't Believe You've Done This,You are simply dumb if you don't get this game.
,Recommended,264710,23366757,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Razika,"EDIT: Only VR users get controller support, so ""gamepad compatibility"" is only half true. Other than that, everything is hunky-dory, pretty swell for an Early Access title, considering some of the other stuff steam allows on its platform. Also, lightning fast dev responses."
76561198145889310,Recommended,264710,24136308,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,I am new to DOTA,"OMG, this game is only $20??? WTF. I have played a couple of so called ""acclaimed"" early access games. But this one takes the cake. Best game ever. It is so good, I would have paid 3x more."
,Recommended,264710,28059543,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TheShadySanta,"Nominated for the ""I think there is♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants award""."
76561198022241634,Recommended,264710,23846167,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gozzle,"Very nice, pretty game. Probably don't play it after you've smoked a bunch though. Or do, whatever."
,Recommended,264710,24909939,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,blackshot12,Funny how an ocean can have more things that a whole universe(no man sky).
76561198129264918,Recommended,264710,28451242,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Its Pauling,"i dont usually put reviews on games, but for this one i must.let me start off with this, the base of the game is absoloutley astounding. the graphics are nice, the sound design is incredible. the flora and fauna vary in such scary, or beautiful ways. i honestly cannot recommend this game enough with what little writing ability i have. all i can say if buy this game, and you will probably sh!t yourself."
76561198081663891,Recommended,264710,20049876,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Yahunna,"Just when I thought I was going to run out of new things to do in the game like in most early access games, I found more things to do. That's all I ask."
,Recommended,264710,25932524,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,rusty_dragon,Thanks for Vive support.
,Recommended,264710,35437080,Posted: 2 October,all,l2yuwizars,Add multiplayer function would be nice
,Recommended,264710,28983214,Posted: 3 January,all,TheTouho10,"Warning! Spoilers Ahead: Subnautica is an Open World, Survival-Crafting game from Unknown Worlds Entertainment. Ignoring the sad-famous genre, it has proven to be nothing like the others. Subnautica has this pretty unique genre of being 99% underwater adventuring. The game also includes a clear story, which the player is kind of forced to play, due to the infection which is slowly killing all the life on the planet (including the player character).The game starts off with a crashlanding of the starship Aurora, for an unknown reason. As the story continues, the player finds out the reason behind the crash. But as this is just a review, I'm not going to write the whole story down, you must play the game for that.Apart from the story, Subnautica also has a clear survival system: You need food, you need water, and you need equipment/weapons. Subnautica also includes a small selection of underwater vechiles (The Seamoth, The Cyclops and the P.R.A.W.N. -suit). Just like in any other similar game, you can build bases, and manage them, but because of the game being underwater, you must worry about hull durability.Overall Subnautica has an interesting story, with all these fashinating pieces of lore behind it. I can definetly recommend this game to all friends of videogames. 10/10"
76561198031727361,Recommended,264710,35225923,Posted: 26 September,all,Fusako,"I am very glad that I gave this game a shot!  I've been cruising through the survival/building genre for a while, but lately there's just been so much ... unpolished filler and cash-grab gaming; titles are being pumped onto Steam that are never intended to venture beyond the 'early access' model and suffer from a constant identity crisis right from the first.Subnautica's concept appealed to me right from the start, but I was skeptical at first.  The screenshots looked pretty interesting, but the price-point seemed a bit low and the art style seemed a bit cartoony to me -- honestly, I was a bit hesitant to try it due to a long and unpleasant history with developers promising gold and then shoveling out unfinished turds and calling it a game.  But almost two weeks ago, I finally decided that I had a little time on my hands and the price wasn't so ghastly that I felt like I could afford to gamble on another flop ... and so I dove in.As soon as my adventure began, I was impressed.  The title screen came up with the game's logo and I made a few changes to the graphical settings to bump everything up and set my resolution.  I checked the keybindings menu real quick, and then I backed to the main menu -- and I saw water.  Really stunning and realistic water.  Where most games have a really hard time making an ocean surface look good, this was actually beautiful.  I took this as a good sign.So I started a new game in survival mode, and I was welcomed to a cutscene.  My character didn't just 'wake up' somewhere in the middle of the woods surrounded by zombies or with my man-parts hanging out in the middle of a desert for no reason, but my character was actually someone who was doing something -- and then, unexpectedly, put into a really bad situation in the blink of an eye.  The mood was properly set and it was exactly the tense atmosphere that made me, as a player, feel engaged.  It was perfect.I checked around, getting a bit of a feel for the controls while in a tiny area that I decided was safe, for now, and when I felt like I was oriented enough, I took a peak out at the vast, infinite ocean.  Scheiße.I am not a water-faring, boat dwelling crab fisher starring in a reality TV series on the Discovery Channel ... I know 2 things about being in the ocean. 1.) I don't breathe well under it.  2.) Jaws. Eff that.Time to survive....This is where the game REALLY started to shine -- Subnautica builds such an intrigue in the setting and the atmosphere that as you progress, the game shifts from a survival mentality to an adventure of discovery and exploration.  As you slowly collect bits and gizmos and turn materials into useful tools or uncover a new schematic, every piece of equipment feels like a massive upgrade until you eventually gain the tools and the confidence to trust that you can finally explore every unique facet of this rich, deep and beautiful world.  Every region of this ocean planet is packed full of hand-crafted details, new life to discover and new gadgets to bolster your confidence.While the massive world and unique building possibilities and general crafting mechanics alone put this game above many others, Subnautica also boasts a feature that I had no idea existed.  While you're in the world making discoveries, you begin to unravel the mysterious circumstances that led to your hopeless situation of arriving on this ocean world -- and find a new layer of depth that most other games of this genre fail to even touch upon -- a driving story that compliments your exploration and gives you a sense of purpose while dropping hints of hope that perhaps your situation may not be so hopeless afterall....In my honest opinion, this is the first Early Access game that I've played that actually feels like a complete package, and it is WELL WORTH the very meager asking price.  Bugs are getting swatted, the developers are actively engaged with the community and speak directly to the players in an official Discord server and they actively tackle specific bugs reported by real people.  There is a noticeable driver behind the wheel of this game, and they are heading in the right direction.  Subnautica and Unknown Worlds never promised the gold that No Man's Sky or Conan: Exiles did -- they simply showed up on the scene and delivered it."
,Recommended,264710,32582075,Posted: 19 June,all,OfficialRainman,"This game is fun and a site to see with it's ocean and what's in and around it.Pros:* The exploration is the main part of the ame finding new areas with (that you will need a wiki to find otherwise it's almost impossible for some if you don't want to search 24/7) cool and beautiful structures.* You can be creative in the game making structures yourself and the survival being just the right difficulty for the game with not too much combat and your hunger and water levels decreasing at a fair speed.*The game is fun to explore in general.Cons:* It can get boring searching for material.* Some may find exploring repetitive (I personally don't).* There are some glitches that can be annoying like the seamoth going under the world, and also the save files can be deleted if something happends since there is no world files.The game is fun and I'd rate it a 8.5/10 for it having a great world to explore and good visuals."
76561198196773614,Recommended,264710,24427979,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,The Will Davis,This is a horror game in disguise. Out in the open ocean at night and hearing the sounds some of these creatures make is one of the most terrifying things ever. It makes you paranoid and afraid to move anywhere.One of the most beautiful games I think I've ever seen. I've been playing this for quite a while now and it still hasn't gotten old. This development team is at the top of their game with this one. Probably the best survival game I've ever played.
,Recommended,264710,21303185,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Commander Freedom,"An excellent survival game.One of the few survival games where your focus is ACTUALLY SURVIVAL, instead of slaughtering everything in sight, then eating and drinking once every 30 minutes (crazy i know!)It takes a lot for me to be scared of something, i generally don't even have fears of physical things, such as the dark or zombies, but this game, this game is one of the few that manages to creep me out, and at times make me pause because i don't want to go on but i have to force myself to. The sounds alone give me a heavy feeling of dread, as i wait for some monstrosity to come slithering or swimming out of the depths towards me. Even now, i refuse to venture out at night, for a few reasons and the main one being low visibility but i've heard stories from friends, about different creatures that only come out at night.I have absolutely no intention of meeting them :D .This game really is fantastic, it looks gorgeous, the sound is amazing, the story leaves some to be desired but in all honesty who plays survival for story? We play survival to survive. The story, or lack thereof is such a minor issue that is easily overlooked and drowned out by everything else this game has to offer.Buy this game right now, enjoy it, tell your friends to buy it, so the dev's get more money, so they can add more things, and we can enjoy it even more.I would absolutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,264710,32950282,Posted: 28 June,all,Weeb,gud geim yas
,Recommended,264710,30637704,Posted: 20 March,all,Spicy_Stalker,"dont kill stalkers u monster, great game be sure to try fam. but for real if you want a fun time with your fri- oh no, you dont have any friends, okay a good time with fish and maybe a picture of a girl in a locker and a cat saying you are gonna be saved (probably not) . . . i hope  you get so scared you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants"
,Recommended,264710,28106784,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lolicon Supreme,"Honest to god closest a game can get to an objective 10/10. While personal enjoyment for survival type games may vary, this one is different from the usual survival clones. Made by trusted devs so you don't have to worry about typical early access fears, Subnautica does everything it can right. For one the game has an ending. At the time of this review there is none officially, but it's soon to be added and 1.0 is right around the corner. So for those of you who hate survival games for their lack of purpose, here you go. There's no real combat. This isn't a generic kill them all survival game. This game provides a reason to be afraid of what lurks in the depths. That's not a joke I would catagorize this game as horror too if you don't like the ocean or what dwells within. The crafting in the game is a little hard at first but once you get into it and have a fully fledged base it becomes much easier but never trivial, assuming you know how to get all the materials. The hardest materials to get require you to venture into the scariest parts of the ocean and boy oh boy can they be scary. Now lets talk about what makes them scary, and at the same time, unavoidable. This game's art and design are beautiful. Every area is perfect for it's own purpose, the feelings and theme they try to evoke. The atmosphere is so well crafted it puts most big budget triple a games to shame. I could keep going but this game is very hit or miss. You'll either adore it and fall right into it's perfectly crafted niche, or bounce off. If you're looking for a survival game and are tired of the norm, here's what you've been waiting for."
,Recommended,264710,27780821,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Alfman,"Simply awesome, one of those games you buy it, play it, and then leave it alone for a couple months and come back to an ocean (no pun intended) of new content to explore. Well worth the price tag."
,Recommended,264710,29156967,Posted: 9 January,all,heecks,I started to play the game yesterday (( 5 hours )( steam winter sale ). So far only bug Ive got was the game crash when I wanted exit to main menu or to windows ( game was saved anyways ). Graphics are just beautiful and story is interesting. Im familiar with survival game but not under sea. I recommed not to watch too many lets play of the game because of spoiler ( the videos and the users reviews on steam was enough for me to buy the game ).My comp spec:i7-6700 3.40 GHz16 Go DDR4Asus GEForce GTX 1070 ROG Strix 8 Go DDR5No lag beside when I discover new area maybe 2 sec. I dont have VR but it must be incredible. Key binding can be made ( too many early acces have poor key binding and even finished games some time ).  The sounds are amazing too.My con for my play time :- Achievements ... 3 of them but its a early acces so I guess more will be add.- One of the video on steam show us an intro Ive not seen in the game ( or I dont remember ) and I wish it was on.
,Recommended,264710,20506487,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,pieloving,Fantastic game. I see alot of potential in it to become something big.suggestion(s):- Add Multiplayer- Less butt♥♥♥♥♥♥from stalkers- Make Quartz crystals a little more common
,Recommended,264710,16641971,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,The Cat What Stalks Cheese,"I am terrified of the depths. Despite this, I keep coming back to play more of this game."
,Recommended,264710,28657146,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Thumbless Terror,Awesome game that has a new and interesting take on survival. The developers listen to the community and keep making this game better and better. It has a new theme and background that isnt normally explored. Deffinately a game to watch out for on full release.
,Recommended,264710,28751643,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BlackFire,You can’t go wrong with this game. It get more updates than any other game i have and in the Vive it is amazing.
76561198030393287,Recommended,264710,25108792,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Jono,"Constant game updates and patches, stellar graphics and in game music! Subnautica would be wise to hopefully include multiplayer in the future for dual base building and exploring but that can be a mission for the future. For now keep it up cause this game is absolutely worth every cent!"
,Recommended,264710,32839850,Posted: 26 June,all,Narth,"Not even finished and it's one of the best games I've ever played. Some of the sea monsters are more likeable than some players from Unknown World's other game, Natural Selection 2."
,Recommended,264710,15127345,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Bob Dylan,"This has to be single handedly the best underwater based game I've ever played, Subnautica has a very bright future ahead of itself."
76561197993345853,Recommended,264710,25438182,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ar487,"I love this game!!! This is my first real venture into crafting survival games, and I'm loving every second of it. The game is very well optimized to boot and it looks fantastic. There are some persistant graphical glitches, and the initial load time is VERY long. However, considering how large the map is and how many assets it must be streaming in, I was surprised how well it ran on my old second gen i5 and NV 560 GFX card. I've since upgraded but still, I applaud the developers for doing such a fine job in this regard. Texture popping and asset loading is still a problem, but IMHO it's not a deal-breaker. I don't really care if it's a technical masterpiece, *as long as it runs smoothly* and they keep everything that makes the game great in the full version of the game. However, if texture and asset popping annoys you, then just be warned.Also, a final word on the gameplay. There's a TON of stuff to do. 60 hours in and I'm still finding more. I've played a few other indie crafting games, and they've only lasted for about 10-20 hours before it got repetitive. There's just so much to do and explore (not to mention variety), and the biomes and creatures look amazing. The only time the game feels like a grind is base-building, but it should considering your essentially building an underwater home (or in my case a mansion:-) It does feel a bit more grind-ish once you know where everything is but still, I just love it!Thanks a bunch Subnautica devs!EDIT: This game is still in early access so take this review with a grain of salt."
76561198116202547,Recommended,264710,18386249,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,BattleChief,"This game may have a few things that I don't like....like the hands....I want better looking hands and gloves, but sadly, I think this game is just amazing with alot of its stuff, I just wish they would make some land survival and some things that depend upon the land, and make more things to do other than fixing the ship, that is literally the only story based objective....and its a vague one at that... but in the sense of a great, amazing game, this game is totally amazing. I personally enjoy it from time to time, it isn't one of the greatest, but it helps when I need to pass the time."
76561197963008954,Recommended,264710,27224735,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chaser,"Wanted to play 1 hour, played all day. Very beautiful game, easy to lose time tracking )"
76561198042741042,Recommended,264710,13754062,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Anna Mana Man,"A really fun, pretty and smooth survival game with a neat twist. Really looking forward to this games continued development. :D"
76561198256641317,Not Recommended,264710,28648242,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,bhb8055420,"Great game but so far, it needs a few improvements:Game crashes sometimesocean is pixelated for melags a lot (first three may be my computer though)not much of an indication of what to dofood and thirst goes down way too fast (plus i cannot carry food since it expires too fast)power drains too fastHard to figure out where certain items are especially for new playersAlthough i do think it is going towards a strong reccomended, at the moment it really needs some improvements"
76561198164951559,Recommended,264710,22855936,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,The Stellar Engineer,"I really hope that this game can continue to develop and grow to its full poential, but I have one small complaint. This game freezes upon loading any worlds. I know that it is normal for that to happen, but I waited an hour and half until I realized the whole game stopped responding. This always happens when it is the first game I use upon turning on my laptop. It is usually more stable when I play a more ""intense"" game first, but sometimes even THAT won't work. Please try to get the game to respond constantly. I would hate to have to hear about new updates, but never have time to experience them firsthand."
76561198080369075,Recommended,264710,23807939,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,JoeyMaster41,Highly recommended game.
,Recommended,264710,28456476,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,EgN | Sibblet,Please make Subnautica co-op! Even if it's just two players that would be great!And make the maps random and not fixed!
76561198268814093,Recommended,264710,25374872,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Comunism,REALLY GOOD GAME! I have spent around 200hours on it and it still isnt boring! GET IT!!!!!!!
76561198109880957,Recommended,264710,13901968,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Aether,this game is awesome! Ive been playing it since its been released!
,Recommended,264710,15775036,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,The Lord of the Pidgeons,After seeing somebody play this game with its beautiful artstyle and unique world I just had to buy this and I have to say it does not dissapoint. My only complaints are that I wish there was more (which it is in early acess so that is planned also certain materials being difficult to spot but other than that this game is worth every penny and more.
76561198069713595,Recommended,264710,22920708,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,HappyAngryCatfish,Biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiig  goober fish
,Recommended,264710,31259355,Posted: 20 April,all,Reputation,fun game
,Recommended,264710,20539368,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,The HopelessGamer™,"Great looking game extremely bright and color full recommend to all who like adventure scary scenes fear adrenaline rush.Pros:Good textures.Great community.Good looking.Great potential.Great backstory.excellent cutscenes!Cons:Not the best of fps but hey its in alpha it should get better.Not many settings.Needs a few things.Few bugs/glitches here and there.Great fun game for players who like survival, adventure, scary scenes.Recommend to all xDMy personal rating would be 8/10 just for bad fps and stuttering."
,Recommended,264710,28708232,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Silent Sniper,I Love It!
,Not Recommended,264710,21930204,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,dogman,Pros:Incredible gamescaryexplorationCons:Doesnt run unless you have a supercomputer.Devs are nice and answer things personally. But as i cant play the game i just cant reccomend it yet...
,Recommended,264710,30089886,Posted: 21 February,all,Sir StrictyShifty,Great Game 10/10
76561198108332725,Recommended,264710,30300725,Posted: 3 March,all,afee,Highly  recommend
,Recommended,264710,35515051,Posted: 6 October,all,Psydetrix,Awesome Game with cool Story.
76561198314192381,Recommended,264710,31731843,Posted: 13 May,all,Ze Joker,would bang again 10/10
,Recommended,264710,30645608,Posted: 20 March,all,Snuffles,cool and good
76561198277566880,Recommended,264710,31065641,Posted: 10 April,all,Luca,decent
76561198173094719,Recommended,264710,29413471,Posted: 21 January,all,Private Spade,One of the best open world sea and survival game out there to date
76561198031755699,Recommended,264710,31227078,Posted: 18 April,all,And anouther one bites the dust,The. Best. God. Damn. Graphics. EVER. Do I need to say more? I think the 99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 other positive reviews got me covered here. Take a bit to read them! It is worth it.
76561198172645955,Recommended,264710,31748098,Posted: 14 May,all,IDK2113,10/10 awesome!!!!!
,Recommended,264710,30185896,Posted: 25 February,all,Castenada,Great game. High replayability.
76561198355657125,Recommended,264710,31735042,Posted: 13 May,all,powerupraccoon11,IT IS AWESOME
76561198273000983,Recommended,264710,32232785,Posted: 6 June,all,coopy30,I cant wait for the full story!
76561198306759543,Recommended,264710,29412078,Posted: 21 January,all,VenturingOverload,I love it but it could use another submarine. Game is amazing
76561198129642031,Recommended,264710,30602827,Posted: 18 March,all,PDBlackOps,Great Game
,Recommended,264710,30214520,Posted: 26 February,all,{]=[} BotKiller {]=[},cool game no lag 5 star game
,Recommended,264710,33722205,Posted: 22 July,all,Put tank in a mall,++++
,Recommended,264710,19126116,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Scarecrow,its good nuff said
76561198253033986,Recommended,264710,31471425,Posted: 30 April,all,Derpmii,A Very Good Game For Exploreres And Water Lovers
76561198060165512,Recommended,264710,31708523,Posted: 12 May,all,ohottie,good game
,Recommended,264710,31854348,Posted: 19 May,all,estaffer2,"Instead of being put into a barren island after crashing your plane, you are instead put into an liquid planet after crashing your space plane.10/10 would Castaway again"
76561198348474558,Recommended,264710,34134557,Posted: 9 August,all,paulomateo28,It's good
76561198220595861,Recommended,264710,31455143,Posted: 29 April,all,SouLLess,You swim around and build stuff.
,Recommended,264710,30014572,Posted: 18 February,all,=WL= Soviet-Cat,This is an excellent game. Swim.Only for gamers that like survival single player but with a spice of story elements.-Solidus
,Recommended,264710,30184831,Posted: 25 February,all,Kromaxx,Best Horror game ever!
76561198353342125,Recommended,264710,29946378,Posted: 15 February,all,nusser_3,best game ever!!!
76561198204885783,Recommended,264710,30693135,Posted: 23 March,all,Lobbadis23,ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I AVE EVER PLAYED
,Recommended,264710,34524428,Posted: 27 August,all,IFYB™ | 0_M™,WOULD BE SOO MUCH BETTER IF IT WAS MULTIPLAYER! This game would get way better reviews if it had multiplyer. This games has a GREAT set up for multiplayer.
,Recommended,264710,30361925,Posted: 6 March,all,CooperCG,"AMAZING,cant wait for full release!"
,Recommended,264710,30724977,Posted: 25 March,all,amossi,very fun and intresting game
76561198054029567,Recommended,264710,35094533,Posted: 20 September,all,Parry-chan,"I'm sorry but i feel as though the main tag for this game should be...HORROR! Subnautica is a very fun exploration game where you are stranded on a hostile alien world, unlucky for you that world is mostly made out of water which means your gonna have to swim and eventually pilot submersible vehicles on your quest to unravel the mystery of why you were shot down from orbit and to cure yourself of a mysterious desease run rampent on the planet. But be warned...the ocean is a dark and frightening place."
,Recommended,264710,31606308,Posted: 7 May,all,Mango884,"For me, I absolutely love this game, and the people who don't do not have great reasons:1. Many people say that it's too buggy to play. My answer is that sometimes it gets too laggy for me to play as well. However, note that the game is still in early access, and therefore has many bugs and glitches (it even says so in the startup menu in the game)."
76561198050823170,Recommended,264710,25612317,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Neill Kiggers,"I don't like going to the beach anymore, thanks subnautica devs. Now I'm petrified of open waters. On a serious note Subnautica is a gem but do yourself a favour and not look up things on the wiki as it will ruin the exploration aspect of the game. The game is crazy immersive, I'll be cruising in my sub and I'll hear a noise and I'll think to myself ""What the ♥♥♥♥ was that?"".  The game isn't amazing in terms of graphics but they are pretty damn good. There are some small issues that I have noticed with mobs clipping through stuff likes walls and subs but this is an  early access game. Overall I recommend Subnautica I feel as though the devs are undercharging for this little guy."
76561198202944856,Recommended,264710,33652830,Posted: 19 July,all,TOON2121,"This is honestly one of the best games I've ever played, I've played it for nearly three years now and I still think it's amazing so I recommend this game as much as a possibly can!"
76561198328549593,Recommended,264710,30735812,Posted: 25 March,all,LIJX csgoroll.com,One of the best games i ever played definetly worth your money
76561198102219597,Recommended,264710,30732512,Posted: 25 March,all,Okammunist,"Subnautica... How awesome can you be?This game is perfect.... Ok ok... It's not perfect but this game is damn good. I don't even know where to begin!GameplayOk I guess I'll just start with the gameplay. Just like in most games, the controls are very similiar and easy. W A S D is to move, E is to grab stuff, F is to get in stuff. Thats just basics, now lets get into the mechanics of this game. You start off almost nothing with you. You have a scanner to scan things and even get blueprints, your life pod saved your♥♥♥♥♥before your giant ship crashed into an unknown planet that is 100% water. Your resources are limited, and life looks very bleak. You learn more about the story as you play more of the game. The deeper you go, the more dangerous things become. It's kinda linear when you start, but once you get the necessary materials, it goes to full non linearity. You never know how deep the ocean can be. The music is great to because it gives you the creeps or the thought of a giant fish killing you without you noticing. I went off track didn't I? Oh well. Anyhow, back to gameplay. It's really simple if you think about it. It's your typical survival game. Your food and water goes down while you play, oxygen is very important, and things get harder when you progress. The deeper you go into the ocean, the faster your oxygen drops. Hazardous things can be helpful and dangerous. Such as the lava zone, lost river, and near the Aurora (That giant blown up ship) You're pretty much powerless in that game. You can get easily killed and giant monsters can kill you like it was killing his/her typical prey.Pros & ConsHoly shiteroni. I talked and went off track way to much in gameplay. Lets just end it with Pros and cons and the score.ProsThis game is deep. Very deep.The developers added a cheat system for a reason.You can never get bored of itMore updates are coming out!The story is greatThe music fits the tone of the game and area you are in.Graphics are awesome.I'm pretty sure I have more pros but I cant really think of them.ConsFrame dropping when in a biome. (Or its just my computer who knows.)Results/ScoreThis game is just awesome, everything about survival, the developers did it right. The game isn't that difficult either, it's survival beginner friendly game, so they can feel free to explore and look around before they go into the depts of hell.The score i give this game will be9.7/10Wait...... this game is still in early access and it's this good?"
76561198036013218,Recommended,264710,24097437,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,AlsoKnownAs,"Awesome game unlike any others I've played! The first play through is really exciting but after that it gets kinda redundant, that comes with early access though. Excited to see where this game goes! :)"
,Recommended,264710,21580911,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,ThatArkenalGuy,"SUBNAUTICA IS AWESOME!!! THERE ARE SCARY ALIEN FISH!!!I ALMOST SCREAMED MY HEAD OFF LATE AT NIGHT WHEN A GIANT FISH SNUCK UP BEHIND ME!!!THE GRAPHICS ARE AWESOME FOR A EARLY DEVELOPMENT GAME!!! I AM GLAD I HAVE THIS GAME!!!IMA BREAK A RECORD HERE!!! 25/10, NOT 20!!! THATS HOW AWESOME!!!sorry, that was my hyper friend, but i agree, this game is awesome!i also agree on the rating... 25/10 seems... plausable... good day!"
,Not Recommended,264710,26548060,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,✪ Lil Squirt,"I believe that there are things in this game that need to be fixed.  For example, it seems that the developers want everthing to attack you which in my opinion is fine.  Though, if they are going to do this, the simple knife that takes ten seconds to make will kill basically most commonly found things in a couple swings.  Also, the battery use is very idiotic.  How do you expect people to use one of the most useful tools if you may only ride it for half a minute before you change your battery.  I do think that most of the game is pretty good to play but I think that they should add more than just some ""stalkers"" every now and than along with some common predators.  I would like some creativity that makes the game seem more enjoyable seeing new things rather the same thing over and over again.One of my last points is the tool system.  It is one thing to have scrap around that you have to scan in order to know the formula for a seamoth or any type of vehicle, but when you are sitting there looking on the floor for a bunch of parts it does get very repetitive.  I think that the only thing that is majorly over-powered is the oxygen system.  You can fill up your entire inventory with oxygen tanks and just live under water.  There should be a set oxygen amount seeing as they want to have a more realistic setting.  I play this with my friend all the time but there are too many errors to try and correct to make it any more interesting."
,Not Recommended,264710,28655617,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,anioning,"I bought this game because I saw one of the youtubers I'm subscribed to had a series for this game and it looked pretty interesting. Unfortunately I could barely play it because it was so laggy and it froze every time I tried to save my progress (even though my comptuer is over all the minimum requirements), so I had to keep starting over. I eventually got a refund for this game cause I have very low patience with games where i constantrly have to start over again and again.It looks pretty fun, and I would love to play it if it ran better on my computer. Maybe I'll give it another try in the future but right now this game is pretty meh."
76561198065437887,Not Recommended,264710,27247267,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yannister,"Stop making updates that force you to create a new save for ♥♥♥♥s sake.Otherwise great game, missing a coop mode tho."
,Not Recommended,264710,35142836,Posted: 22 September,all,OddJawb,"I bought the game early - but as it has developed I am less and less impressed with the game. In the begining it was sold as a game comparable to minecraft and abzu... it is quickly losing that feeling of being a minecraft underwater exploration game. Sure you can still explore and for those who only care about swimming aorund and checking things out - it may be a game for you. However, the game offers little in way of a ""Survival game. You eat food, and you drink water - Oh and dont forget to breath - thats it. You dont get cold, you dont get hot, you dont get sick - if you get injured they have a universal heal all ""Health Pack"" for that. This is a survival game - Lite edition at best.Anyways,  I am giving this game a thumbs down more in protest of the fact the devs have removed one of the key features they initially sold the game with and that is terraforming. Yes, the game is playable without it - but its not as fun. Some people will argue that its not needed - however the games entire design was based on being able to terraform the world. In the begining it was one of their ""main features'.  Now - its no where because of ""performance issues"" that the devs cant manage to figure out. I dont have anything against the devs, or the game in particular its just that rather than gutting one of their initial selling points - I would prefer that they not gut the idea because they cant get it to work the way they want it to.Its been some time since the terraformer was removed  - im just getting around to the review, because I had hopped they would be adding it back... but it doesnt look like it since they have announced a ""Retail launch"" for October. So for me - I can not reccomend this game simply because when I got it I thought I was getting a single player game that would allow me to explore a new world and build elaborate underwater bases that I could weave thoughout underground caves... Now , now we can just build un-impressive bases above the sea floor. We have 0 impact on the enviorment -   Ne ways this is my protest thumbs down - give me back my terraformer!"
,Not Recommended,264710,28693250,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sheev Palpatimo,"Subnautica does not support Controllers well in VR-Mode. It seems to combine inputs from all Controller-like USB-Devices, including but not limited to Joysticks, HOTAS / Throttle-Sticks and Rudder-Pedals. Since VR-Mode requires the use of a controller this game is unplayable for me in VR-Mode. I am not willing to unplug 3-5 USB-Devices to play a game that could make this a lot easier with little to no effort."
76561198046257490,Recommended,264710,13515382,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,HashxBrowns,"not enough water, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,264710,28402359,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,moofburger,"So much potential that it's tragic how fundementally broken this game is. At it's heart there's a really good compelling game here, but it's fundementally marred by show stopping bugs; the most egregious of which is  a horrendous one that causes the game to CTD every time yoiu cross a biome transition. This doesn't rear it's head until 10 - 15 hrs in, by which time you've already accomplished enough to be invested in the game, but renders it completely unplayable.No amount of trouble shooting will resolve this, including the 'work around' continually parroted in the community forum, which buys you a couple of hours extra play at best (at the expense of most of what you've built!) before it rears it's ugly head again.Meanwhile the Devs are showing symptoms of classic DayZ syndrome fixating on pilling on new content and inconsequential tweaks whilst they ignore the glaring fault at the heart. Do NOT buy this until significant work is done on the engine, otherwise you're in for a lot of frustration. Once this game is close to leaving early access it will no doubt be one of the best games on Steam, but as it currently stands it's a mess, & by the time you hit trouble you will be well past the Steam refund window."
,Not Recommended,264710,29824325,Posted: 10 February,all,MarlboroMan,No autosave and it crashes constantly. So all your hard work will vanish every random minute.
76561198115579981,Not Recommended,264710,28730791,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,polaarbunnygirl,"This review, well it pains me to state what I am about too. But I no longer can remain silent.This game has been out for 2 yrs. In that time it went from a simple base building and exploration, with some combat game. In one of the most stunning and eye popping video games ever made. I swear the beauty is just beyond words. And it was fun and though it was a survival game, it had it's moments of pure beauty that was so relaxing.To now your in a Kaiju ""monster"" movie gone wrong. The world has several Godzilla sized kaiju monsters that the enviroment couldn't possible support. Now they added in a forced story line, forcing you to have engaged conflicts with these Godzilla sized kaiju monsters at every turn. Only way to go forward in the game is to fight everything, or cheat your backsides off through console commands. No way to enjoy a game, in my view.This was such a nice game, now it's Friday the 13th, part 5,000.  It's no longer any fun, only good for those who don't get enough of blowing up stuff, killing everything in sight and the like. I truly wished that they had put an option to opt-out of the story line, to turn off the Godzilla sized kaiju, and let it go back to being a more realistic underwater survival/ exploration game.  I bought this early on, if I had know this was what they had planned for the game, I would have saved my money.To some this is fun, this isn't fun, this is a nightmare.  Now maybe it's because I'm old, but sometimes I think a nice exploration game would be nice. Not everything has to be a combat fight to the death with kaiju monsters and zombies. Which seems to be what games are all doing now days.  Kaiju, zombies and the like, it's a horror show in video game. Nothing pleasurable about it.Yes I waited for 2 yrs before writing this review. But I was holding out hope that they would see reason.  Sadly they don't. It's all about horror, fright, fight and extreme fast paced stupidity to no where. The kaiju monsters just clip through the sea bed, they come up under you and eat your mini sub, if you survived long enough to find the blueprints and the parts to make it. The world is over populated with predators, which couldn't possibliy sustain itself.But the game dev's have ignored logic, to make sure that Subnautica is a horror movie gone wrong.Yes, Subnautica is absolutely one of THEE most stunningly visual games ever made. This I will not take away from the dev's. But you can't even enjoy what they created without being killed 500 times, and thats just down to a depth of 250m. It truly is just another sad retake on Friday the 13th style horror. Truly sad."
76561197970953558,Not Recommended,264710,31292584,Posted: 22 April,all,darek_page,"I was reluctant to purchase this at first, I've always appricated the game but at a distance. When it was on steam for 50% off I decided to get it.When I did, I really wanted to give this game a go... but it wont let me.It keeps crashing on me and I cant find the cause. Sometimes I make alot of progress, other times it crashes within a minute of loading up. and it doesn't auto save so i have to start right back to where i manually saved which can be a huge milestone back for a begginer.It looks like a beautiful game visually but it needs to iron out ALOT of game play issues beyond the major one I had.-Items in storage keep dissapeering so I had to carry everything I needed.-some clipping issues-when harvesting certain plants which takes up alot of grid space in your inventory, if there wasn't enough room in your inventory it would just vanish making me have to multiple back and forth trips.-invisible walls (although this is nitpicking)As inconvient all the issues listed above were, I could get by with if it were not for the desktop crashing forcing me to not be able to play it at all.And for this it's a sad dissapointed thumbs down as im going to have to ask for a refund soon if i cant find a quick solution."
76561198118307131,Not Recommended,264710,30182399,Posted: 25 February,all,BeeGee,"I really want to enjoy this game and I think I would if it didn't run so poorly.  I have a GTX 970, i7-4790k, 16G of ram and it was installed on my SSD.  The game is constantly dropping frames and stuttering.  I get better performance on multiplayer survivor games such as ARK and Rust.  I get that the game is ""EA"" but it was released 2 years ago...  If this is where they are at in terms of their performance after 2 years, then I have very little faith that the game will ever run well.  If you're the type of person that can look past stuff like this in a single player game then have at it, seems like theres a lot of fun to be had. As for me, I put in for a refund.  Hope this helps some of you looking to purchase this game.  $20 is a lot to ask when it can barely run 2 years after its ""EA"" release."
76561198094926432,Not Recommended,264710,30001242,Posted: 17 February,all,Thorir Hund,fun game but can't play more than 15 minutes without crashing.
76561197961088909,Not Recommended,264710,28432766,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Intrepid,"great game, but crashes constantly.  I've sent multiple bug reports.  It crashes frequently after Oct update.  Then December came out and there was no change."
,Recommended,264710,21859188,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Protity,First of all - I'm totally scared of deep water stuff. This game drive me nuts when i go deeper and deeper. True feelings bro. 11 cookies/5 rhinos. If you love survival and water - this game is for you.
76561198115150884,Recommended,264710,15669263,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Family friendly  csgobig.com,THis game has a lot of potential
76561197974127850,Not Recommended,264710,30317411,Posted: 4 March,all,Lexe,"Pro:+ Fresh gameplay+ Basebuilding survival+ Great exploring: Because of depth area's are out of reach until you are ready.+ Great enviroment: plantlife, oceanlifeCon:- Bottlenecks all over the place breaks immersion- Ugly EA bugs, holding items upside down, scanning sideways, probably pooping sideways too.- More  ugly EA mission bugs: Got 2 bases don't know where to go next, the usual EA mess.- NEEDS MULTI PLAYER COOPConclusion:Fresh gameplay with a lot of potential. Wait until they (possibly) add co-op multiplay before buying it (too early and ruining your game)."
76561198049935438,Not Recommended,264710,30339374,Posted: 5 March,all,Mards,keeps crashing on me every 20 minutes. ♥♥♥♥ this
76561198350449395,Recommended,264710,31235791,Posted: 19 April,all,ayy lmao,DO NOT SAVE WHEN IN A SEAMOTH NEXT TO VERY DEADLY CREATURES. WHEN YOU LOAD IN YOU WILL NOT BE IN YOUR SEAMOTH!! very scary
76561198157156793,Recommended,264710,23245468,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Tyrockz39,It would be 100x better with multiplayer
76561198110577684,Recommended,264710,19631045,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,smagnet7,10/10 ive always wanted to expore the sea and build a unessecerally massive base which has a port for my life pod :)0/10 for scaring the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta me with a big ♥♥♥♥ing fish :(overall 10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again
76561198034045045,Recommended,264710,23899780,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,OzLotch,"An example of a well-done indie game ! You will face your deepest fears (literally) when exploring the dephts of Subnautica. It's not only a great base-building game but also an amazing survival experiece. You'll spend hours trying to build vehicles to avoid the creatures that lurk on the shadows. Also, the developers are constantly updating the game with new content!CategoryGradeGameplay9/10Graphics10/10Soundtrack9/10Overall Rating9.3"
76561198063077551,Not Recommended,264710,31246455,Posted: 19 April,all,Ohthall (One of The Boys),"I spent 26 1/2 minutes after starting the game up for the first time loading the world...However, the game is stunning, audio/music is envoloping and it's hard to find something wrong with it (but I did)! That problem for me is the optimization, which makes or breaks EVERY game I play, any game can be amazing, but if it isn't optimized well; then you don't have any real game there to play. This was the case for me, no matter what setting I put it on, I always found huge drops while looking at animals, scenery, etc.. It ruined the immersion, really kills the entertainment when you've been frozen for about a minute and are stuck at 2FPS for that time period.Overall, buy this on sale if you can, but for my standards I won't touch this game until something is changed, and the only reason I won't refund it is because of the incredible potential it has (also 10$ sale)."
76561198152796111,Recommended,264710,23242913,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,🅱️ O O Z T E R,Thanks for making an actually cool beta version of mincraft (:
76561198164358386,Recommended,264710,32701791,Posted: 23 June,all,GENDER UNKNOWN,"Worth for 20 bucks, even more worth on sale. Its a baby of Minecraft, and Skyrim. Pretty good combo, even tho I hate minecraft."
76561198091553846,Not Recommended,264710,29918156,Posted: 14 February,all,TheWildGunter,"This is a great game with really good ideas but it is almost impossible to play it with all the performance issues with the game, i would recommend if you want to but it is to wait till they fix all the performance issues, frame rate droppes, bugs, and game breaking crashes befor you but this game."
,Not Recommended,264710,28836412,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Detrian,"Runs like crap, everyone knows it runs like crap, developers have been delaying the fix for months. Much as I like the game's concept I don't want to play with constant stutters and FPS drops, much less when the game might flat out break my save 30 hours in because the engine is busy masturbating over geometry."
,Not Recommended,264710,27122141,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,iliekP3aches,"Frustration sets in not long after the initial wonderment phase. I wish I had looked at the reviews a little more closely, but such is the allure of a steam sale. Finding all the blueprints to scan is an excercise in tedium. Base building is still buggy and frustrating while you use up your resources. Granted, you could just choose the sandbox like mode, but then you're essentially playing half the game and when you move to survival that wonder and discovery has worn off. The wiki is a must if you don't want to waste a lot of time and resources because it's not a very organic method of unlocking tech. You could spend hours looking for things if you haven't found them before. And resources are sparse, so much time collecting for so little reward and there isn't much room for storage. So much space will be devoted to storage it's ridiculous.That said, this is still a beautiful game that really generates an immersive atmosphere. The deep is far scarier than most horror games. But your rate of movement, collecting resources, dodging tons of things that will kill you and all that really turns this into a time sink where you're combing the entire ocean floor for every little thing you can find and micromanaging a gajillion storage units. So really most of your time is spent doing busy work rather than enjoying the exploration and danger. In addition the game crashes a lot."
,Recommended,264710,31227908,Posted: 18 April,all,PandaAtTheDisco,AWESOME i love it
76561198034458123,Recommended,264710,25097914,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,<Insert Name Here>,Better than NMS.
,Recommended,264710,33162414,Posted: 2 July,all,p4blo,"really fun game, needs more things and less rng; desperately needs multiplayer"
,Not Recommended,264710,28213119,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,FLSH_BNG,"Can't recommend the game yet, it's barely optimized and crashes just when I make any meaningful progress and fails save attempts.It's a fun survival/exploration simulator and it looks fantastic, but the myriad of unremedied issues that plague this product leave it unplayable for more than a few hours in its current state.Stick with the sandbox until it's finished if you really need to play it."
,Not Recommended,264710,30120139,Posted: 23 February,all,Amishman,"I really enjoy playing this game, I really do but the bugs lately have totally ruined my experience playing this and I can't recommend this until at least the next patch is made I do look forward to seeing some of the more obvious bugs taken care of in the future and look forward to the final completed game but as for now at least until the next bug patch comes out stay away."
,Not Recommended,264710,29542842,Posted: 28 January,all,Neppy McLoli,"In Subnautica, your spaceship isn't the only one that crashes,the game also does!In my opinion, it adds a bit more realism to the game, especially the part where your character gets knocked out by the crash and with that crash, the game also crashes, leaving you stranded in an ocean of despair and regret for even trying it out.10/10 will ABSOLUTELY crash again"
76561198006070154,Not Recommended,264710,30318508,Posted: 4 March,all,datguy,"I have no doubts that as a traditonal keyboard and mouse game that this is an enjoyable experience.... the idea is compelling and graphically it looks decent.However, it also markets itself as a VR game, and that is why I bought it.As a VR experience, it is not good. At all.The controls for VR are god awful. It literally made me feel physically ill while trying to play it, and i'm pretty used to VR games by now.I really hope they implement locomotion and Rift/Vive controller support. There is huge potential here for one of the better and more indepth VR games.But as it stands, with only gamepad / keyboard and mouse support, and this terrible select system that uses head-tracking.... it is unplayable in VR."
,Recommended,264710,31438260,Posted: 29 April,all,On Vacation,nice and cool game.but can u guys make this game in co-op or something like that?idk if u guys can do that.just asking.
,Recommended,264710,22921765,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Takiton,"possibly my favorite game of all time, it made me realize i probably should have been born a subaquatic sentient being...wouldn't that be creepy if aquamen emerged from the water and begun attacking people? did anyone ever play x-com terror from the deep?"
76561198068978738,Not Recommended,264710,30349210,Posted: 5 March,all,CheshireKate8,DO NOT buy this game until it's done. Seriously it is absolutely unplayable with how often it crashes.
,Not Recommended,264710,35279048,Posted: 28 September,all,FaZe Toenail,"cool idea but i dont get what people see in it. terrible optimization and pretty boring, i uninstall it shortly after every time i reinstall it"
76561197960446055,Recommended,264710,13513996,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,BABOCHEE,Just a few hours in and I'm sold.  This game has a ton of potential that I hope is realized!
,Recommended,264710,17326025,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Lonewolvez The Squibble,"Yes theres stranded deep, but that has its limits..This one, subnautica takes place on another world far far into the future, the possibilites are endless, this game gets 10 dongs out of 10"
76561198050236419,Recommended,264710,14414082,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,SuccGod,love this game i hope it dose well
,Recommended,264710,20691473,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Big D Willy,AMAZINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
,Recommended,264710,22822212,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Munchunkin,"the perfect game, just needs multiplayer"
,Not Recommended,264710,28500990,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,yelroc,"I shouldn't like the game but I enjoy progressing through it.  It very quickly gets boring with nothing to do.The game crashes all the time.  Atleast once an hour for me.You explore the ocean.Pretty much everything trys to kill you and you don't have a way to stop them past slowing them down so you can run away.  The Dev.s have stated that they are making a political point on that; however their reasoning is based in ignorance.You spend a lot of time keeping yourself from dying of thirst and hunger.  I think it was designed that way to keep you from blitzing though the content.You collect materials to build vechicles to collect other materials to build other vechicles to go deeper to collect more materials to build more vechicles to go deeper until no reason.  The vechicles are cool.You can build a base just because.  It looks cool, so its enjoyable for that reason."
,Recommended,264710,15903963,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,OğuzHAN,this game is need multiplayer !!! l am very serios!!! (bad eng sorry )
76561198194410333,Recommended,264710,15802051,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Rossenberg12345,"IT is a great game the graphces are amazing the game runs smot and it is butiful. there is tons of things to do in this game you can play three different class Hardcore,sevivorand freedom.if you ask me i will give this game 9\10 because it is still early access. have a nice day"
,Recommended,264710,15506477,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Scoops,Beautiful game with a lot of potential. Very fun and challenging to play in survival mode. If you like survival games you must have this one in your library !
76561198165393427,Recommended,264710,23624940,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,RisingReaper69,parinoia..
,Recommended,264710,17203553,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,ShamHam!,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198027700328,Not Recommended,264710,30476659,Posted: 12 March,all,Crinos,"Bought game to play on Vive. Could not map keyboard to controllers, neither did the VIVE's included controllers work either.Because of this, I do not recommend the game (as a VR game)"
76561198170204059,Recommended,264710,14717909,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Show me your moves!,AWSSSSSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,264710,20857619,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,=Rumpleherekitty=,My balls 10/10
,Not Recommended,264710,29637273,Posted: 1 February,all,smilingjack49,lags and crashes way too much.
,Recommended,264710,22916952,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,G4LL3G0o,Nice game with very beutiful graphics and really good sensation
,Recommended,264710,18818155,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,⚙ Pyro,"Some things you MAY want to know before asking thousands of questions on the forums.1) There is something called, now stay with me on this one, a SEARCH BAR. Its a strange thing where you click on it and type in words and the system matches those words to forum posts.2) This game is still in early access for f*cks sakes, so its BOUND to have bugs.3) If you dont like leeches or stuff that sticks onto you and sucks your blood, don't go in the kelp forest.4) In the escape pod you spawn in, there is a little container under the 2 screens. If you click on it it opens, and if you click inside of it there are supplies.5) You are going to be doing a LOT of swimming around.6) It may be slow at the start, but once you get exploring further and further, it gets VERY interesting7) Most big things PROBABLY want to eat your guts8) if you take a peeper up to a stalker, it will find you scrap metal. Be sure to hold to peeper in your hand, and have quite a few.9) Alternatively, if you need stalker teeth, hold scrap metal in your hand and it will take it from you, causing some of its teeth to drop.10) Don't go near the Aurora without a radiation suit.11) Have fun and don't be too harsh on the game.12) why are you still reading this?13) Seriously buy the f*cking game14) Ok so, you scroll up, press the ""Add to cart"" button, then check out15) For f*cks sakes just go play the game already PLEASE16) w17) h18) y19)20) a21) r22) e23)24) y25) o26) u27)28) s29) t30) i31) l32) l33)34) h35) e36) r37) e38) ?39) Seriously go buy the game and stop reading this pointless review x.x40) (gotta end with an even number)"
76561198115000534,Not Recommended,264710,28260950,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,abbrace,"Well it's a great and immersing game that I thoroughly enjoyed........until it started crashing with less than a minute of play time. Tried updating drivers, uninstalled/reinstalled subnautica, all to no avail.Sent developer a message several days ago via email (including a couple logs from crashes) and have not heard back yet.Long story short my review of the prodcut depends upon dev support.....anyone listening???"
,Recommended,264710,21892573,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,✪Rick✪,really good graphics but ark survival is 10  times better
76561198046125452,Recommended,264710,17572196,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Etac,must have solo play only.............
,Recommended,264710,17708367,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Darklink (cheif),best game EVER
,Recommended,264710,23196980,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Mr. Red,Great game!
,Not Recommended,264710,28124187,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Fireline66,"Really sad I have to do this, love the game, but ive never put up with so many glitches, errors, and horrible lag, even after lowering the setting. I will come back when It wont crash after 2 minutes, and my compass feels like David Blane. Here one secound gone another, THEN BACK. Leave the base and OH look NO COMPASS!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,264710,28584932,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Duck Without Wings,"The game nowhere near finished, bugy and bad. The only thing worth doing in it is playing around near the surface and building stuff in creative. This gets boring very, very, very fast."
76561198145427336,Recommended,264710,15880754,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,dasherD15,this game is amazing and beutiful but sometimes scary but worth it
,Recommended,264710,17015466,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,TheJameseh,"This game, my friends, is the best FRICKING GAMEMMEMEMEMEMEMME *cough* in early access I have ever had the joy of playing, I have been waiting for a game like this for what feels like my life, this game has ridiculous amounts of poetential and I hope the developers keep adding amazing conent and I cannot wait for multiplayer, although you do need a good computer to run it with a good fps it is still amazing and I cannot wait to see the creatures map designs and the future of this game, please keep the updates coming and I find this game WORTH MY MONEH! :D"
76561198195682591,Recommended,264710,20996991,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,DrWoska,GREAT GAME MUST HAVE THIS!!!
76561198049529997,Recommended,264710,24137165,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Atryxio Dalenzio Dapricaré,"Lost over 20 hours of gameplay on my Hardcore playthrough due to being exposed to a ""Thermal Vent"" for a few seconds, Pl0x Nerf. :)I feel absolutely zen from playing this game on hardcore. So no hard feelings, besides I had literary nothing better to do other than looking for bugs or glitches as well as placing signal beacons all over the playable map so that I'd have a map substitute. Yes, I was trying to place a signal beacon over the ""Thermal Vent"" that killed me. XDI really love this game. Can't wait to see what it'll be like when it's finished. :D"
76561198028129492,Not Recommended,264710,28951090,Posted: 2 January,all,LoL > Dota2,This game has alot of potential but the constant frame drops and crashes really kill it. As for now it is basically unplayable once you have put 20h+ into it. Because it crashes constantly every 3 minutes.  Right now its not even worth to play if it were free since you can literally not play it .  If this game was finished and polished it could easily score 8/10 - 9/10 because its crazy fun and an upgrade to those minecrafty games. But right now i dont recommend buying it.  Once the developers finish this game it will be deffenitely worth checking out though.
,Recommended,264710,20365666,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,The Spooky M.D.,"Absolutely stunning half the time, the other half you're seizing out because the ♥♥♥♥ing game crashed. It's still indev but even in this state it's fun as hell. Just uhh... save often."
,Recommended,264710,32299667,Posted: 9 June,all,Xextreem,"A warning befor buying. Never ever you buy Early acces games. Unless you do not want to lose money or playing after 10 hours and quit the game before the even have release the game compleet.I have not buy this game. I never will ever buy any pre-order or Early acces games. However a dev send me a free copy long time ago. So kudos for the dev`s.Why now a review. First i`m lazy. Second i got tons of games in my list. And last i have more things to do in my live.So short answer. Is it worth buying this in this release. No its not finish end of that.Longer answer, is it worth paying this game? and play now? well the content is big. There is allot of stuff you can do over 40+ hours atleast. Yeah my ingame say something els. But thats because i close steam and do not run games with overlay when the are laggy.This is one of those games. So i close steam app.Now back to the question is it worth paying now? yes the game is big there are allot of things you can do. But it`s get loonly realy fast. Also it have his ""grind"" moments. So prepair for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2 hours farming of stuff to get things done. And if your setup fails you ""fun"" time will be very short.So this is my short answer. I will edit this in the future when the game is done!"
76561198066668485,Recommended,264710,27390766,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RetroNate,"In Soviet Planet, Fish hunt you."
76561198141535163,Recommended,264710,22336968,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Aquaman,So ♥♥♥♥ING cute.Every thing is perfect in this game
76561198090306550,Recommended,264710,32009432,Posted: 27 May,all,DaiiKen,"[SHIPS] This game came a long way from a little game from 2014 into a game that looks and feels like a AAA game. Let me just say its a fantastic game with all you would want from an underwater base building survival game. Not only can you build underwater cities like Rapture in Bioshock. You can also make ships, Although there are not yet that many ships you can make 2 ships and 1 exosuit. First is the Seamoth which is a very small 1 person Submersible. It is agile and fast but quite weak and susceptible to damage. Then there is the Cyclops, A huge Submarine made for deep depth exploration. It has no weapons however you can install upgrades to give the cylops sonar scans and a temporary shield for temporary avoidation of damage. Then there is the P.R.A.W.N, The P.R.A.W.N is a medium sized Bipedal walker. It sinks so it can walk on the sea floor. It is basically a cylops but much smaller and as a walker. The cyclops has a very flexible range of upgrades. You can install a drill arm or a propulsion cannon or a grapping hook for each hand (There is only 2). You can go a max depth of 1500m with upgrades on the P.R.A.W.N, The P.R.A.W.N and Seamoth can dock inside the cyclops for easy access.[BASEBUILDING] The base building in this game is not limited to just tunnels. You can also make Multipurpose rooms that can be stacked on each other. There are lots of internal gadgets you can hang on walls in your base to make things.  There is a fabricator, Message transmitter, Medical kit fabricator, Bioreactor, Nuclear reactor, And more. You can also hang some things in your cyclops. You can even build bases on islands, There is only 1 island in the game but it can still house a base. The flora and fauna in the game cannot attack your base. But on one occasion if your base if very weak with little structural support. It will crack and snap and let water in. Of course you do not want your base to flood so You can repair them.  There are also Bulkheads which are waterproof sealed doors you can build to open and close and secure a flooding area. Once you fix your leaks the base will drain the water automatically and everything will be okay again. Just remember to not use glass compartments as your main building compartments.[GAMEPLAY AND MECHANICS]Subnautica is like a sandbox game. You can treat it as a sandbox or you can continue a story if you'd like. For the purposes of not spoiling the story, I will not disclose it. But let me tell you it is very deep. You start out escaping a fallen ship called the aurora as it crashes on this watery alien planet. Most of everyone in your vacinity is dead, But you make it out alive in a lifepod. The lifepod works as your starting base, It has a fabricator, message transmitter, and a Medical Fabricator. You will work off this to survive. Once you learn the lay of the land, You can start mining Limestone rocks to get whatever is inside. There is limestone and then there is sandstone rocks. Sandstone rocks are harder to find and are in lower depths than limestone rocks. They also contain rarer ores. The limestone rocks contain ores such as titanium and copper. you use these to fabricate weapons and tools along with a base to expand your environment. Eventually you will get the parts to make a Seamoth or even a cyclops.[CONCLUSION]In all what I read, I hope you consider buying this game. It is a magnificent piece of art that I would hope everyone can experience. Whatever game you buy next, Put this on your wishlist."
76561198214617360,Not Recommended,264710,31351931,Posted: 24 April,all,CalebAbelard,the games fun and all but it crashes too much if they fixed you could play it better
76561198385070268,Recommended,264710,33140947,Posted: 2 July,all,therealEthanGamerTV,i played this game before now it wants me to pay for it again and i had good stuff
76561198107879722,Recommended,264710,28907994,Posted: 1 January,all,Duck🦆,Subnautica is an open world and underwater exploration game. I love the idea behind the world of water and the independence you have as a player in the world. You are able to dive into a vast underwater world after crash landing on an alien ocean world. You also get to plan and build many structures and vehicles that can be used to help you survive on the alien world. I would like the developers to make a multiplayer part to this game but i can tell that it will take a lot of time and effort to get a functioning world up and running. Despite this i would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes singleplayer and open world adventures.
,Recommended,264710,25960263,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Goodbye,"One of the best optimized game I have ever played. Runs very well on a crappy system, and graphics are spectacular even at medium."
,Recommended,264710,23843991,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bumpkin,"this is a beautiful and fanstastic game, buy it."
,Recommended,264710,16346763,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Absolute Madman✨,"Some time ago in a distant system, a sun is chirping away sending out light to its fans, the orbiting bodies it calls friends. One of these friends holds the sunlight dear and near to its heart, as the light gives the planet life. This vast ocean is teeming with the sounds and sights of creatures very much alien from another world. These creatures swim happily in an Oxygen Hydrogen Sea, a stable ecosystem connecting each creature. Then, one fateful day, a large ship from an unknown civilization is presumably shot down, bringing forth fire and disturbances. Many creatures fled, and for one day, their world seemed to be brought with pain and fear. However, this metal behemoth sat upon the seabed with not but the sound of its metallic groans. This giant would not roar, would not bite, would not seed. However, it brought forth a plague of radiation, killing all who dared near it. Except for those who were strong.One of the survivors of that massive beast, sits atop a smaller, similar metal contraption. He comes to his senses to realize that he, alone, is now a resident of this chirping alien world.The giant metal beast, once which was so quiet, now roars its last and mightiest roar, curling over to sleep, forever.The creatures of the deep sense it, not the beast who sleeps, but the one who survives. They feel the potential for threat, for a meal. Who among them dares challenge this newcomer? The Old? The Strong? The Young? The creatures who have not but themselves to call enemies?None of them are prepared for this newest arrival.You however, are. Aren't you?"
76561198141126883,Recommended,264710,29503581,Posted: 26 January,all,Nurse Phantump,♥♥♥♥ the ocean
76561197961219390,Not Recommended,264710,28734594,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,rigsta,"Great potential - great atmosphere, mechanics and a choice of game modes.  The only survival game I could even consider playing.However it is currently extremely unstable.  It starts off OK but the longer you play the worse it gets.  The frame rate in my game has dropped to single digits, from 90+.  Approaching my base will cause the game to freeze for upwards of a minute and then usually crash.  After visiting a certain site in-game, I can no longer swim - exiting a submarine results in falling to the ocean floor.Recommendation:  This game will be a lot of fun when it is released and the bugs have been fixed.  Buy it then.  Right now it's barely functional.  I'm very surprised it was deemed ready for public release in any form."
76561198197989017,Recommended,264710,17382490,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,CooperTroopa,im trying to play subnartica but i keep getting error code 2015-08-04_054142 what should i do
,Recommended,264710,17666077,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,✪|Superbigcountry™,"Great Gaame, But it needs a multiplayer feature"
,Recommended,264710,30014952,Posted: 18 February,all,A Redundant Sofa,"You can keep your horror games; this game can really scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you when it wants to. Very few games can conjure up that primordial fear and this game is one of them. Try swimming over a stretch of deep ocean or finding a dark and cavernous cave. Also when you go to the Dunes and make lots of new ""friends"" but that's up to you to find out about.Oh yeah, Gold in sandstone can go ♥♥♥♥ itself."
76561198065827137,Recommended,264710,25186126,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Gameplay,"refunded No Man's Sky, picked Subnautica up on sale, not only does this game work geat but it looks fantastic too. Go as deep as you want but make sure you have enough air to get back up. Did someone say pitch black? scary in the blackness. Get this game on sale forsure. Tons of crafting and building."
,Recommended,264710,16019854,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,roleplaymaster72,Launched the game.Caught a fish.Ate the fish.10/10 would do it again
76561198280551629,Recommended,264710,34491617,Posted: 25 August,all,Mr. Lemon,THIS GAEM IS AMAZING. also devs. plz add in the lemon zone. lemon creatures lemon plants and lemonade as water!
,Recommended,264710,17448885,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,METROKENSHIN,"Since I'm posting to the actual Subnautica​ page, I would like to say thank you for this awesome game, Survival games are usually mostly fun with friends only or some type of interaction with other people....But this game is just very addicting!Very well worth $20 of csgo skins and $5 from a friend! XDDo I recommend this game to someone who enjoys survival games even by themselves?YESS I VERY MUCH DO!But If your the type of player that only finds enjoyment in survival games when your with friends then I would suggest watching some of your favorite youtubers play it to see if you want to give it a try since I don't think there's a subnautica demo.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8146AnyHa14"
,Recommended,264710,14769052,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Your Left Nipple™,very fun and original game totaly new and amazing and the graphics arnt that bad
,Recommended,264710,31239088,Posted: 19 April,all,djpiper28,I have got all 3 achievments in less than 47 minutes but 22% of people don'y even have the first. Either I'm very good at this game (which I'm not) or people brought this when it was cheap but never played it.
76561198231098020,Recommended,264710,20025204,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Donald J. Trump,This game has fish AI  -IGN 10/10game of the year
76561198064458261,Not Recommended,264710,29945406,Posted: 15 February,all,Shoyo,Good game. Spent hours playing it but after hitting 15hrs it kept crashing wherever I go. Playing on a very high-end pc that runs other game in ultra. Will play again and recommend it to others once the problem is fixed.
,Recommended,264710,16161757,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Coja CSGOatse.com,Swimming around find 2 golds giant sea snake comes i use a seaglide away and are screaming at the same time giant snake eats me i die and loses 2 gold 10/10 i would do that again
76561197970522089,Not Recommended,264710,29902858,Posted: 13 February,all,Blantress,HOLY CRAP I LOVE THIS GAME!!!Pros: Pretty good storySometimes REALLY scaryAmazing creaturesBEAUTIFUL sceneryCons: Horrible loading timeFrequently crashes making the game unplayableALWAYS needing more materials which can take up to an hour trying to find enough of somethingThe game takes SO LONG to load any areaTo fix problems with performance you must go into the files and do a ton of stuff you don't want to doI CAN'T EVEN GET TO MY BASE ANYMORE BECAUSE IT CRASHES WHEN I GET NEAR IT!Overall I recommend you spend your 20$ on something like CS:GO or Terraria and Garry's mod. Until the game fixes it's problems SO many people are going to not like this game anymore because it is UNPLAYABLE. PLEASE developers if you are reading this HELP me. HELP the COMMUNITY. I am on a pc so there shouldn't be problems. I still find this game terrific even though sometimes it's terrible but until the game fully releases you should wait.EDIT: I am SO happy they fixed how long resource gathering can take by adding the scanner room. And I heard that they are working on fixing performance issues so it's a good thing that they are listening to the community so maybe I'll change this review if they are consistant on updates and fixing stuff.
76561198007038252,Not Recommended,264710,26610368,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,jpmordue,"It is a great game but sadly not worth buying, as it is broken! It seems to me that new graphic cards are not compatiple with this game etc."
,Recommended,264710,28171780,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,PeePeeLoL,"Cast away 2: Electric Boogaloo from the creators of Darwinism 2 is a pretty neat game with water and fish, 10.9/10"
76561198151363837,Recommended,264710,23028352,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,XxsniperxX,this game is too good...     No comment
76561198089514073,Not Recommended,264710,27375092,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shades,"This game lagged so horribly on my system that I couldn't even put out the fire necessary to leave the room at the beginning. I requested a refund on Steam. Steam approved the refund and took the game out of my inventory, but somehow the cash never credited to any of my accounts. Caveat emptor.This sort of thing is precisely why I will not buy into another early access project unless I know the developer is trustworthy, and probably not even then."
,Recommended,264710,34389327,Posted: 20 August,all,Karolis_Pro  hellcase.com,Will in Subnautica be multiplayer?
,Recommended,264710,24121576,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Christopherson18,"I am extremely terrified of deep water and the ocean. Within a couple hours this became my favorite game.ProsEverything about the game so farVery Stable single playerConsNeeds a  small multiplayer aspect (like co op with 1-4 people), but would happily wait for them to make a stable version then release itFirst time out in deep ocean in my SeaMoth just pootin along...BAM giant eel rips me to♥♥♥♥♥♥12/10 Would be giant eel food again"
,Recommended,264710,17134019,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,CryWulfOfficial,PLEASE INCLUDE COOP
,Recommended,264710,18135360,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,ElectronicWave | OLD,best game and it is fun to play!
76561198039681986,Not Recommended,264710,30006800,Posted: 18 February,all,dudemeister,"This game is wonderful, sadly it is unplayable. After 6 hours of speedy progress, it crashes every minute or so. Heavy bugs, such as missing water dynamics (player is effect to gravity as if out of water) make this game, at the current time, unplayable.EDIT: After a total of 16 hours I can say: The problems are getting far worse. It freezes up and crashes every few minutes or so. The Problems seem to be area-related. There are other heavy bugs such as:- Sudden land-gravity in water- Creatures swimming inside the base- Beacons placed will be placed inside rocks / landmass if too close, thus not removable nor renameable- Constant crashes- Constant graphic glitchesThe list goes on and on. The worst part ist, that if you browse the forums, these problems have been around since almost 2 years. I have doubts and don't believe the game will ever be finished. Anyhow I will hang on to it since it was 66% off. Maybe this is why.EDIT 2: Ok I can't take it anymore. I cannot cross a distance of 200 metres with my cyclops or any other method of transport, it constantly crashes I am stuck in the ocean... I checked my savegame. It consists of over 5'800 files and weighs over 2GB!!!!! This can't be good. Seriously, what are the developers thinking? Are they even capable of coding? Game is uninstalled and will not be reinstalled until it is stable."
,Recommended,264710,24727873,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,The Legend of Seph [MAZDAMOONEY],"So well made it actually terrifies me. I saw it at E3 and wanted to play it immediately. I can watch gameplay and watch other people play it, but the second I try, I hyperventilate and panic. I cant go deeper than the reefs. Oh well I guess Ill never enjoy this game.If you don't have a fear of deep water this game is for you though. Super innovative."
,Recommended,264710,17544709,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Buckethead,"I now have a new way to rate horror games.... COMPARE THEM TO THE SCARES I GET FROM THE REAPER LEVIATHAN!Fantastic game with very unique concept. Reccommend to anyone who thinks it looks good, because it is. If you already own it or decide to buy it I highly reccommend turning it to expirimental mode, It has a lot of cool content not in the regular version."
76561198026008838,Recommended,264710,25417654,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Товарищ комиссар Родсович,"so life is a wierd thing and actual reviews are a waste of time so i got something betterenjoy this chicken stir fry recpie- Serves 4- 10 mins to prepare and 10 mins to cook- 325 calories / serving- HealthyINGREDIENTS:- 1 orange, zested and juiced- 2tbsp soy sauce- 2tbsp sesame oil- 250g (8oz) tender stem broccoli- 5cm (2in) piece root ginger- 1tbsp sunflower oil- 1 garlic clove, finely sliced- 1 red pepper, deseeded and thinly sliced- 150g Straight To Wok Noodles- 400g (13oz) chicken fillet, cut into thin slicesMETHODStep 1 - Mix together the orange zest and juice, soy sauce and sesame oil and set aside.Step 2 - Blanch the broccoli in boiling water for 2 minutes, then drain well and set aside.Step 3 - Finely shred the ginger. Then heat a large frying pan or wok, add the sunflower oil, heat it until sizzling, and fry the ginger till it's crisp.Step 4 - When it's done, remove with a slotted spoon. Add the chicken and garlic, and stir-fry until just browned. Remove the meat using a slotted spoon and set aside.Step 5 - Add the red pepper and broccoli and stir-fry for around 2-3 minutes until it's just tender. Add the soy sauce mixture, bring it to the boil then return the chicken to the pan"
,Recommended,264710,31236829,Posted: 19 April,all,ZⓄ/\/\BI3$lAYɛR➃➈™,I LIKE FISHES.
,Recommended,264710,14643557,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,ChaosShifter,"Too legit to quit, love this game 10/10"
,Recommended,264710,27383623,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OrthoDucks,I really hope this game gets completed. It has so much potential and the updates just make me come back for a replay. 10/10
,Recommended,264710,27163028,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tomxtomx,Just buy it
76561198141570261,Not Recommended,264710,28335407,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,JKILESPENCER,the game is beautiful but unfortuntly ihave been experinecing fps lag and occasional crash exe error :(
,Not Recommended,264710,30249297,Posted: 28 February,all,sir SOVIET,"First let me start with the good. The game looks amazing, there done. Now the bad. There is random lag spikes when almost anything happens, for example, switching items, eating food, moving after being still, making things, killing, collecting things, and just at random moments. all-in-all the game is fun (if you play it forever) but there way to many problems. Most of these will probably be fixed (this is a early accses title) but for now it's not as good as i expected. (i forgot i few things so i'm adding them now) Also i'm not sure if this has happened to anyone else but my game uninstalled itself and then the save killed itself"
76561198184196585,Recommended,264710,23797637,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MrShdGaM,pls SteamCould
76561198096333285,Recommended,264710,23478476,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,MiddleAgedWerewolf,Very happy that I got on board with this wonderful game almost from the beginning! Love all the updates that Unknown Worlds keeps releasing for it! Hope we get to see Subnautica turn into something truly deserving of Game of the Century!
76561198007325259,Not Recommended,264710,29518587,Posted: 27 January,all,wimpy,"I really like this game, and if it ever gets fixed I will happily change my review. I have to give it a thumbs down due to the performance and sheer amount of bugs. For 5-6 hours of play all is good then it starts crashing and has big fps drops, you can delete all the terrain files in your save and you will be ok for another 5-6 hours usually. Every page on the steam subnautica forums has multiple threads about crashing and fps drops, go look. I expect bugs in an early access game but the amount of bugs that Ive come across is beyond silly. I regularly have to use console cheats just to get basic resources because they bug out. What bothers me the most is that many of these bugs are documented from years ago and still exist. I have several other early access games so I expect some performance issues and bugs but this is unacceptable. I waited for the latest update to post a review, supposedly the crashing was going to be fixed it wasnt."
76561198150075770,Not Recommended,264710,29518296,Posted: 27 January,all,shake128,If you play this in VR The lack of Motion Tracked controller and the consequent absence of hands makes this game very uncomfortable to play. It is extremely likely to have nausea exactly because of no real hand presence. The game is an extremely promising early access aside from that.
,Recommended,264710,21858038,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,My Dog Is Godzirawr,Really good game!!!!!!!!!!
76561198148080978,Recommended,264710,17513942,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,adeltheminer,"Cant even put into words how amazing this is, and for early acces you could abandon it and it would e a done game :)"
76561198299111944,Recommended,264710,33609478,Posted: 17 July,all,Dr_Evil_Minion,Dear Developers please add multiplayer it will be the best thing to do and you will get more people buying the game if you add multiplayer I really enjoy playing subnautica.from dr_evil_minion
76561198106141098,Recommended,264710,20168368,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,The Savant,"Hey...That's pretty good.(b0ss, gimi da sal depos pls)"
,Recommended,264710,20527057,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,FerretWithASpork,This is by far the best Oculus Rift experience available right now! I love this game and keep coming back to play it every update. The developers are very open about what they're working on. You can access their trello board or jump into Discord to chat with them.
76561198268039146,Recommended,264710,21859991,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,SkwebToast,"""SCARY FREAKING FISH OMG RUN""Skweb rates: 10/10"
,Recommended,264710,21860162,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Lucky,"well, few bugs here and what not but when i went to check my fabricater there was no constructor and i looked every where im not sure if i need a to craft another fabricater but i hope i dont"
76561198012783838,Not Recommended,264710,30290186,Posted: 2 March,all,tiger,instead of makeing new content pls fix the game bugs.....the game becomes unplayable arfter i get the building where i can customise my vehicles the game crashes or freezesi donot recommend this game until they fix this bug
,Recommended,264710,20555885,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Astiir,Very fun game!
76561198112335919,Recommended,264710,20530309,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ron   ︻气デ═一,INSANELY GOOD.  Graphically - top knotch.  I think the best.  I have over 160 purchased games from Steam (The top titles) over the past 2 years and this is probably #1 in fun and graphics.  This and MWO are my two favs.  Just Cause 3 is edging in there - I've not had more than a couple minutes in it thus far.This for the price is a no brainer. I'd be thrilled at 3X the price.UPDATE: I have 100+ hours in this and  STILL feel the same.  Best game value for the price. AND IT KEEPS GROWING AND GETTING BIGGER AND BETTER... and now VIVE support will pull me back for more.   I now have over 300 games in my library and this is one of the top 5.  I think if I were on a deserted island with a computer and one game...  This might be the one I'd pick...  and sure one of 5 I'd pick.
76561198083816581,Recommended,264710,27271395,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,The best game I have played in a long time.
,Recommended,264710,31224998,Posted: 18 April,all,BreadAddiction,"Buy this even at full price now! It's constantly updated and the content in the game at the moment is more than enough to create a fantastic experience. Great to combat your fear of the sea or open spaces too. Also, a very pretty game.Only downside is that the devs have said they probably won't add multiplayer support."
76561198122792302,Not Recommended,264710,30232154,Posted: 27 February,all,bubberubber,I have more than whats required in the game still crashes every 10 seconds. im llucky if i keep 16fps for more than 5 seconds dont get this game nomatter what you get to run the game better it wont work play another game.
76561198126490841,Not Recommended,264710,30231480,Posted: 27 February,all,Bung Deetle,"wow, impressive game... AT FIRST, even though i love the game, my frame rate dropps so much harder than my grades at the end of the semester, everytime i get into the cyclops, my game acts like it just got slapped by 25 pillows ful of bricks, also, efter 6 or more hours on one of my games, ill save, and log off, BUT, when i get back on, the game gives me an error, i forget whats it called, but after that, my game is just gone, THUS MAKING ME START OVER AGAIN!!!!, THEN IF IT WASN'T BAD ALREADY, after uninstalling my game, i cant re install it, it say the file is ""unwriteable""(this is in my C drive), im ♥♥♥♥ing tired of it.this is probobly not going to et any where, and i dont know how to fix it... HELP ME FOR GODS SAKE!!!"
,Recommended,264710,21857333,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Infidel,YES ♥♥♥♥ YES (they just don't have multiplayer YET)
76561198037509696,Recommended,264710,15175496,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,i died of death,"Before my review for this game was negative but then the glitch where i could not save was fixed and now I do highly recommend this game to people who like to play sandbox games and crafting games, there is also a very unique building system because you have to be aware of water pressure or else the base could start to break down and flood and you have to watch out for how much power you have if you want your machines to work within the base its a fun unique game and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,264710,31474610,Posted: 30 April,all,Derrick6109,Best game ever. But.... would be better if there was multiplayer.
,Recommended,264710,24299054,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Skull Kid,"""Love this game. 10/10, Would swim with deadly sea creatures again""-IGN"
,Recommended,264710,23785735,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MillerrrTV,An amazing game.  At times I find it difficult to stop playing.
,Recommended,264710,33188307,Posted: 3 July,all,DEWG Gaming,Thalassophobia.  Look it up.
,Recommended,264710,24306408,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,lol,Maybe what would be interesting would be an abandoned structure that you get to power up and use as a base
,Recommended,264710,25015061,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Socksyyy,Incredible game
76561197994503736,Recommended,264710,32662538,Posted: 22 June,all,Kronikor,"If you don't buy this game when it's on sale for $10, you're a ♥♥♥♥ing moron."
76561198277195667,Recommended,264710,23075641,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,damiansanders.777,"This comment is meant to go to the devolopers but i bought the game and my computer can't run it, could i please get refunded or get a steam key."
76561197968138717,Recommended,264710,16157907,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Zzabolazza,"I downloaded a pirated version of the game first, played it for 3 days straight, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is awesome. I bought it now just to write this review. Please please make multiplayer available next, want to play it with my siblings. Scary yet so stunningly addictive.  7/10 because of no multiplayer, 10/10 if available."
,Recommended,264710,21005846,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Protonz,Good Game. Great Progress. An example of a good esecution of early access release.
,Recommended,264710,28089678,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SomaWolf,"awesome for being an early access game. I see it going far as a survival game especially as the extend the backstory. they need to remove console commands though, i have no self control1"
76561198416382282,Recommended,264710,34418749,Posted: 22 August,all,Dizzybrubru,Best! Game! Ever! Make a #2
,Recommended,264710,32685107,Posted: 23 June,all,The Strange Man,"The game is amaze-balls. Here are some recommendations for the game.1)Buy it right now.2) We sould have a portable fabricator that can make batteries and foodstuffs, but not big things like the mobile vehicle bay and the seaglide.3) Fix the prawn suit invertory problem please.(in the PDA the suit's storage is invisible sometimes.)4) More achevements please.5)Buy the game right now.6)Seriously."
76561198097766259,Recommended,264710,14686766,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,The_Milk_Lord,Love the game. its really good they fixed alot of bugs before but all up i really love it.build a base and explore theres more 2 the game but thats just off the top of my head( play it 24/7 if it was multiplayer)
76561198258781032,Recommended,264710,31235841,Posted: 19 April,all,skull master,AWSOME!!!!
76561197967205197,Recommended,264710,27591429,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chuck NORRIS,"One of the best games I bought on steam.Beautiful sea,  I love submarine games, but this one is very special.Sealife in this game is so ... believable, wonderful, different.If you like swimming, or undersea life, you need this. Trust me.+ development is consistent+ game looks nice, multiple game modes+ graphics+ sealife, sea- some glitches (its still in EA)"
76561197992362402,Recommended,264710,14613235,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,BlackWater,"I just got this game, swam around for 30 seconds. Don't have a clue as to what I'm doing yet, but I can only say this, AWSOME GAME! Whats not to like about a sea exploration game. From what little I can tell at this point, doesn't have the steep learnming curve of Space Engineers, my only other EA title.Almost a week later and I literaly can't walk away from this, the crafting is easy to learn, though some items to be obtained werent the most obvious. in addition to swimming and upgrading things like swimming fins and extra tanks, as of now you can get a diver propulsion unit, a one man submersable, and eventually, a larger minisub which you can dock your smaller sub with. The swimming and sub movement is really good, and the graphic details are stunning for an Early access game. While I do enjoy Space Engineers, this is my new favorite, My girlfreind who doesn't play games, even admits its a great looking game. If you like exploration and anything water related, you will LOVE this game."
,Recommended,264710,21856582,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,StoneMan,Very good game but they must add multiplayer.
,Recommended,264710,25454035,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Tawhirimatea,WIsh this game had multiplayer. but is awesome
76561198097726153,Recommended,264710,24396384,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Lord ZongaZonga,"This is a pretty fun game for early access, but as someone with thalassophobia, you don't really explore much."
76561198086245724,Recommended,264710,31239897,Posted: 19 April,all,calihead,best underwater survival game ever!!
,Recommended,264710,24637240,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,GayoMayo,Really wish it had co-op...
,Recommended,264710,24083189,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mckminer,"Great game, but updates are slow. Like most games you have fun untill you reach the end but then it becomes a game where you are waiting for months at a time for new updates it takes a few hours to complete. However the gameplay you recieve is very good and overwrites this. I would reccomend if you are patient... and you like waiting for months."
,Recommended,264710,19989894,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Rinner,"Great game, still a little early but wonderfully unique and impressive so far."
,Recommended,264710,24693452,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mr Jervil,"Why Play Subnautica?Link to my Video review for those who don't like to read :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39AGAXJxaCY&feature=youtu.beAnd now for the review:Subnautica is a game that allows the player to explore an aquatic alien planet by scuba diving and traveling in submersibles, while collecting resources and food to survive. There is a base building elements to the game that make it fun to explore for parts and also there is a story in the game in the form of audio logs from people who have long gone but there no objective base stuff for the player to do other than build a base and explore the sea life. Now the game is full of monstrous creatures to look out for so a sense of danger is in the game most players will find the game more relaxing and enjoy the world while try to find out the planet's secrets.So kinda running out of things to say and how to say them so i'll wrap up with a pro/cons for you,1/ How do I feel overall about the money iv spent?A/ For its price i’d say you get a good amount of hours and content in the game to justify it.2/ How much time will you spend playing the game?A/ there is a lot to explore and find as well as build so i can say lot of time to spend playing.3/ Do you think you will have fun?A/ Original I got the game for its online constep but sadly they never got to add it in while I can see myself having fun with the life forms and learn everything there is it would have been nice to play with a friend. But there is still a lot of fun to be had so am fine with it as is.The Pro’s>Graphicly looks good feels like playing a high level game.>Base building with a lot of customisation options,>Lots of Research fragments to make things>Databank that has a large amount of info to unlock about the world>vast amount of creature designs to keep the player going.> simple inventory management of items>good amount of crafting to keep the game fun.The Con’sNext to no story.No online (yes I know they don't have it if you're a true fan from the start then you would know if you backed it was meant to be there it’s not.) but is not big loss.Get’s little naff after no objective or thing to do.Final Score and overall feelings?The game overall is good and gets lots of updates i feel the dev know what they're doing and it can only get better.On scale of 1-10 am going to give this an 8My System Spec:Windows 10Gigabyte Technology Co., Ltd. GA-78LMT-USB3 (Socket M2)AMD FX-8350 4.00 Ghz (4.20 GHz Turbo) 8x Core CPUNVIDIA GTX 760 2048MB Graphics8GB DDR3 1600MHz Memory2TB Hard drive24x DVD Re-writer."
76561198234831528,Recommended,264710,31434501,Posted: 29 April,all,DexteriousHxH,MULTIPLAYER.
76561197971353375,Recommended,264710,35261164,Posted: 28 September,all,BIG BOSS DIK,Good game.
,Recommended,264710,30643245,Posted: 20 March,all,Feeliks,Blup i'm a fish blup
,Recommended,264710,30330956,Posted: 4 March,all,DiroDoku,Ocean sandbox horror simulator. Simple as that.
76561198187859818,Recommended,264710,29347892,Posted: 18 January,all,calebbuter,good game
76561198254940396,Recommended,264710,30656874,Posted: 21 March,all,Gamer345,great game i want subnautica dlcs please
,Recommended,264710,29758170,Posted: 7 February,all,Zynth,good survival gameswonderdul world
76561198253593013,Recommended,264710,31858584,Posted: 20 May,all,Titanslayer107,ITS GREAT!!!!!!
,Recommended,264710,18381486,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,wepegaul,"If you like aquatic life,survival and gorgeus landscapes .This is the game for you"
76561198308070509,Recommended,264710,23524744,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,bannanaboy243,I dont know why but when i spawn i go by the aurora without a radiatoin suit anyone know why
,Recommended,264710,20563461,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Kektus,its k
76561198126421234,Recommended,264710,17465056,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,flameblaster3000,great game I'd suggest to anyone
76561198134630210,Recommended,264710,15038382,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Lone Wolf,IT IS VARY GOOD TO PEOPLE HOW LIKE AVENCCHER
,Recommended,264710,16257596,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,LowDefitioncy,"something went wrong with the buttons in this game, it's like the registered by clicking another."
76561198059031285,Recommended,264710,16260269,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Pearson_Realize,"So much better than stranded deep. Lots of things to see, make, and explore. Crafting things is not to complicated but it does take long to be able to get most of the stuff. 9/10Pros:Lots of things to see and doBIG map, and lots of secret thingsYou can make lots of hings to large sumbarines,to bases, to bases on a island you have createdIf you dont like having to constantly get food play Freedom Mode!Multiple saves unlike stranded deepCons:Some things are really hard to getWhen your seamoth gets destroyed you cant fix it and the beacon stays there forever'Deffinently Reccomend it"
76561198111259358,Recommended,264710,15716606,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Beef The Sex Goblin,"Highly recommend it.  Even though it is Early Access, I prefer it over some completed AAA games."
76561198073101471,Recommended,264710,15421769,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,IAmPhoenix,"HELP!! I open the game, and its fine. Then the screen pops up, and I hit new game, then I hit Survival. At this point, it goes to the loading screen and takes forever. I click, and it goes to Not Responding. Please Please Help Me! I just bought this game with all the money I have. Pls somebody help!"
76561198152418938,Recommended,264710,15722197,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,anime aint gay,"I waited so long to get this game, sank 20$ into it. after an hour of download time it said my GPU was to slow, FML"
76561198057915353,Recommended,264710,16590747,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PootieTang,Good game
76561198171289615,Recommended,264710,16573693,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[EQUINOX] INinfinity,chasin after those peeps!!!
,Recommended,264710,16584842,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,wavinautomaticguns@nuns,oh my
76561198058506893,Recommended,264710,16586552,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,CrAzY BiG P,"love this game i ant stop playing this, hope more is to come in future updates."
76561197971380273,Recommended,264710,18334365,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Snake,Awesome <3Plz add Coop :D
76561198073028726,Recommended,264710,30524691,Posted: 15 March,all,TastyHamSandwich,"I'm only going to say one thing, co-op."
76561198108741015,Recommended,264710,18472224,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,ryancable911,it should be multiplayer
,Recommended,264710,15564569,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Autistic Traffic Light,"somehow dissapointed still a good game i had a survival save went pretty far with it then out of the blues an ""update"" which really wasnt one it was 15 april update before its still the same but now everything on my survival world glitched out and it i was 13 hours into that save so im not playing subnautica until that bug is fixed... ill have to restart and start over again anyway :( so you see im unhappy ill probably start in idk.... when it becomes stable and after the explorable aruora update idk after the explosion  just so it doesnt tamper with my save again for now im gonna be dissapointed"
76561198313625257,Recommended,264710,30569295,Posted: 17 March,all,EMRamirez,I LOVE this game! but i dont know how to build on it. please add toturial and thanks for making this game c;
76561198131804750,Recommended,264710,30565046,Posted: 17 March,all,Vexx,I would recommend this game to all my friends. By far one of the best Survival games out there. I espeically love the fact its under water and not one of those hop from island to island type of games. I'm only a couple hours in so there's still so much more to do. Love the Game!
76561198354515265,Recommended,264710,30565654,Posted: 17 March,all,puple dinosaur gameing,this is probably the greatest suvivle game ive ever played. so emersive and so much to see i bloody love this game
76561198273146130,Recommended,264710,30565729,Posted: 17 March,all,superpeng898,xfthsy enuusrytegb ykuk
,Recommended,264710,13932953,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,peggle only player,"Some minor bugs from what ive seen, other than that the game is fantastic. Very fun to explore craft and look at the creatures. Still have not found some secrets that ive heard to be true such as the floating islands! I have seen some pictures but have not been there myself...Would like to see-More Control in the submarines-Less framerate-More options in the menu-More Resultions-The ability to turn on and off hostile mobs-Bugs i've noticed-Cyclops-Does not work, shows up as something you can drive. Says it is in your hotbar but is not, shows up as an item.Other then that it is totally worth the 20$ now before it goes up!"
76561198151440144,Recommended,264710,17126381,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,BamiBraves,its a good game but it doenst works good on laptops
76561198168108791,Recommended,264710,17815587,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,luke-ru-ku,this game would be amazing if you could get in on other platforms like PS4
76561198248152186,Recommended,264710,29507555,Posted: 26 January,all,CheekyCharizard,Makes me wet ;)
76561198040368619,Recommended,264710,25183773,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,protista123,"An exceptional total asesthetic experience!  The flora and fauna are very beautifully rendered; marine, and terrestrial. The music is also very well done. In the ""Creative"" mode, one can relax, explore, and ""take it all in"" at one's leisure.Highly recommended, and a bargain as well.The only suggestion I would have, would be to have the compass direction displayed along with the depth.I have never experienced anything quite like this simulation, it is very immersive as well as relaxing.The developers are continually updating, patching, and improving it.Best experienced at the highest graphics settings. On the PC you will probably need a fairly recent graphics card to attain this.  One other strong point, is that on the PC you can explore in the ""Creative"" mode without memorizing some elaborate ""keymap"", just using the letter ""W"" to move, and the mouse for lateral and vertical movement. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,264710,25036005,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TheStarWarsGuru,This is a survival game with lots of depth.
76561198015543044,Recommended,264710,26296610,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,skydragony,Minecraft underwater 11/10 would play again
76561198005445918,Recommended,264710,26296781,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,NecroLyte UDL,-Went to agreed upon landing zone for rescue ship to arrive.-Lit a cigarette and unwrapped Snickers bar.-Waited for countdown to reach zero.-Watched in horror as the rescue ship got vaporized.-Walked over to the alien base and took a whiz.-Lost all hope of sharing a bed with a woman.Good game. 10/10
,Recommended,264710,28805256,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,vectr,"A fantastic and great looking game, and has some very stunning artwork. The creatures have really creative names and designs/looks. It also gives you a slight chill and insight of our own ocean(s), lake(s), river(s), water source(s) etc... The story is interesting as well as the journey. Also, the futuristic ideal and mechanics in the game itself are bizzare/unworldly unlike ours. This game will truly give you high expectations, just be aware it's still in early access/early development.* Pros- Graphics- Creatures / Monsters- Story- Exploration- Dependability on certain items/gear/equipment* Cons- Multiplayer- Would like more inventory space, backpacks or similar maybe?- Hunger & Thirst needs a little more realism- Early Development of course, but you can't do anything about that- Bugs & Glitches, etc.."
,Recommended,264710,16557823,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Donkest Dopper,Started game.Got resources.Made an oxygen tank.Saw a fish.Ate it.See evil fish.Hide in my escape pod.Go out of it.Jumps up out of water and nearly hits me.Have not left escape pod for 4 days now.10/10 would be scared again.
76561198124959346,Recommended,264710,16492282,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ArcUhSkai,First You Buy itThen you see the menu that says you dont have good computerDeletes the gameinstalls backwhen you got new computer
76561198025033642,Recommended,264710,26592467,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,HRBoe,"Early Access done right for a change. As time goes by, you see this game actually making progress towards a complete state. But really, ""complete"" is more of a formality at this point, because this game has had enough content to keep people entertained for a long time now. Yet still the devs provide regular updates full of new content and bug fixes. And now we finally get it on the Vive! While the VR version in the game does have some bugs that aren't present in the standard version, it's forgivable due to the sheer amount of love and effort that this game shows. I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561197989410470,Recommended,264710,21046881,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ZombieHunter,"In a word: Beautfiul. One more: Breathtaking.The colors and environment in this game are amazing. There is nothing else like it. Regular updates, game seems to have focus and vision and doesn't try to do too many things.  Game design appears to have very good direction and the dev team stays on task and fixes issues as well as adds quality new features.In its current state it is a bit limited but it has tremendous potential to be a good game and in my opinion the team has what it takes to see it all the way through to release."
,Recommended,264710,23614742,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,I Gonna Whip Yo Ass!,I recomment subnautica if you're not to scared of the constand fear of a reaper leviathan creeping up behind you and destroying you're seamoth. But seriously those things are scary as ♥♥♥♥.
76561198182227695,Recommended,264710,22817590,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,easye08147,This game is awesome and very adicting.
76561198292694976,Recommended,264710,26280066,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,LloydZXI,ITS JUST AMAZING!
,Recommended,264710,26281667,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Daddy,"I always tell myself I'm not scared of the ocean.Start up the game? GoodStart a new survival game? Good!Gather initial resources on the reef? Of course!And then you reach the edge of the safe and cozy starting biome, staring off into murky ominous nothingness, like howNemo did when he discovered the drop-off.Hear a deep and gutteral moan off in the vast expanse of ocean? YesExit the game? Immediately"
76561198148435615,Recommended,264710,26281728,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Hannibal428,"This game is so fantastic. Every little detail is beautifully crafted to create an immersive experience that is well worth the purchase. The world of Subnautica has so much depth to it that even after 54 hours of single player gameplay I'm still constantly discovering new places and things. Because it's early access, the devs update with new content that gives you even more to explore. The sound and visuals are stunning, the floura and fauna feels alien but still very realistic, the base-building works great, the night is long and dark and full of terrors, the depths will scare you, but will leave you in awe. I honestly can't think of a single negative thing to say about this game, which is why I'm writing this review. This game is well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,264710,26280101,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Wideman,"Amazing survival game. The most polished survival game I've seen, I'm waiting to play it when its finished, but there is enough content that I can recommed the purchase now. The team is consistent with updates and I can't wait to see what this game looks like when its finished."
76561198150950191,Recommended,264710,26297714,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Vullkane,Great game with a TON of places to explore and things to do. Only complaint I have is that even with a gtx 1070 I still get severe frame drops when loading a new area. Other than that it's a great underwater exploration and crafting game though.
76561198319001581,Recommended,264710,26297961,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Springtrap,It is really laggy on my computer i know its a prealpha but otherwise its fun
76561198023960742,Recommended,264710,26285852,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,marfarfel,Chill AF with very stressful encounters out of nowhere. Get that personal submersible asap
,Recommended,264710,23173907,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Furious South,"Hey, that's pretty good."
76561197991385469,Recommended,264710,20557502,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Dreckiger Dan,.
76561198046836277,Recommended,264710,20729644,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,drjrq,Very good and interesting with new different types of fauna.
,Recommended,264710,20739395,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Nate Ze Narwhal,It didnt work for me! :(
76561198055276201,Recommended,264710,25924677,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Freezer,I generally don't like survival games.I generally don't like crafting in games.I generally don't like early access games.I generally don't like any kind of water levels in games.I generally don't like being scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Yet somehow Subnautica is one of the best games I've played in recent years.
,Recommended,264710,16141416,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,AtomicTEM,I love its graphics its not finished story the machanics its just so fun.
,Recommended,264710,28400574,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Kaiju,"I am extremely scared of the unknwon and the ocean. This game scares the crap out of me and for that I love it. It is so well built and so well executed that I would consider it worth every penny. There are just a few things I'd like to see.1) GUNS! There is literally no efficient way to kill something with a projectile weapon. The Stasis rifle is nifty but not deadly. I know the developer is anti-guns, but this game would be SOOOO much better.2) More biodiversity. There is quite a bit, but it could be more varied and more randomized.3) More items and customization options. All bases tend to look really similar.4) I'd like to be able to sleep through the night with the bed.4) LAST BUT NOT LEAST! PLEASE GIVE THE SEAMOTH AND CYCLOPS MORE FUNCTIONALITY. If I could kill, scan, and collect creatures/items without having to leave the sub I would be SOOOO thankful."
76561198080652000,Recommended,264710,15028483,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,PICKLE RICK,played this for a little while and already i can tell you its a good game for sure
76561198036805602,Recommended,264710,15103046,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Feronasu,Ate some exotic fish. Built a submarine. Dived to ~3000m depth. Game crashed.3000/3000
76561198069537263,Recommended,264710,15103523,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Daniel,This game is one of the best survivaly game that has come out so far
,Recommended,264710,15546087,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,science_nerd1,Really fun and exciting game. I would recommend it.
76561198186203709,Recommended,264710,14957587,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,stichit4me,cant get it to load
,Recommended,264710,14690205,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,电脑玩家艾伦,very good
76561198114828444,Recommended,264710,14700370,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Mincey,Beautiful! 10/10
,Recommended,264710,14904697,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Proteus,"In short:This is fair waring. This game is NOT ready or released. It is VERY early. Alot is missing.There are alot of bugs. However, if you want to support the Devs then go ahead.The full story:Subnautica is nothing less than a sci-fi survival game under water.You crash on a alien planet and have to survive by any means.Strange plants and fish in an ""endless"" sea. By the looks of it quite a tropical environment.You start in a escape pod with nothing but power and an nano assembler. That is it.The rest you have to create by finding resources on the ocean floor.It is not very deep to begin with but the good stuff is on much greater depth.All this sounds very nice and fun, does it not? It is - or rather will be when the game is ready.At the moment your 20 USD will only get you some game mechanics. Hardly a game at all.So what is good?Graphics and sound. The environment is mostly working. There are exceptions.But it really feels like you are under water. Also the controls are good most of the time.You even have a bug report system build in by pressing F8. You can send text and even a screenshot directly to their website. I whish more games had this functionality.Ok, so the game is interesting. What remains and/or what is less good?Well, it is quite alot to be honest.Lack of information. The player is given the bare minimum of info on wildlife and plants.Not to mention materials and such. In no time at all you have amassed alot of stuff.Some usefull. Other not so much - yet. The problem is you have no place to put it.There are storage boxes to build in the nano assembler.But they are qute limited and require resources you do not have for some time.The assembler it self sadly have no storage at all.The player inventory seems enough until you start to using it.If you build tubes, fins and such they eat up inventory space.So not before long the player have to start juggling inventory items.This is a very common thing in survival games. Annoying as hell.10% Realism, 20% Believability, 70% FUN - Realism never EVER comes before fun!Storage I have already mentioned. You collect alot of stuff from the ocean.Alot of it is raw material which have to be refined in the nano assembler.This somwhat reduces occupied space. But only for a short while.Build a air tube and a massive amout of inventory space goes away.I understand. It keeps the player from spamming air tubes.But this brings us to the next issue...Timers. After all this is a survival game.But like so many others they have gone down the irritating and annoying road.Food, water, air, tools and battery last WAY too short time. Hell even the day/night cycle is too short.I whish some of it (if not all) were adjustable in settings (which is extremly limited as is).I also whish more creators of survival games conformed to the 3-3-3 rule:3 Hours without warmth.3 Days without water.3 Weeks without food.30 seconds of air when you are moving and holding your breath is fair.But the moment you get your first air tube this should be extended to 10 minutes (minimum).With 2 air tubes the avilable air should give the player 15-20 minutes (minimum).Put a cap on how many air tubes the player is able to use. Say 3.Next put ALL permanent equipment and tools in their own inventory page.During the game there is a constant grind for something. Food, water and air mostly.It is possible to change the game mode in order to remvoe food and water.Only air remains. But even this becomes annoying after a while.It is possible to build smaller and bigger subs, which help with this issue. These mini subsare also essential if the player want to explore greater deaph in (shorter time).But this essentially means shifting from air to battery power instead.Batteries need to last much longer but also require longer to recharge(or require special chargers to be constructed).Then we have the nano assembler. It has to be the most rudimentary version in existance.It is unable to construct anything recursivly. It have no storage space of its own to putinput or output material in. The player have to hold it all.Look at how Factorio does it. You want to crate something which require other sub items.Then these will be created for you automatically. As long as you have the raw material that is.But I guess it is Microsoft who has made the software ;-)The biome and sea area it self also need some attention. It is not that big. What's worse:it is always the same. What is the point of exploring if there are nothing to find.Or very little (yet) I should correct my self.Then we have the glitches and bugs. The game is activly developed and patches are beingreleased on a regular basis. So be prepared.In the end I will leave you with a few positive words.The building of mini subs is fantastic. Even if it is a bloody grind to get all the material.When you get the bigger subs, which you can live and walk inside, you truly feel like anaqua-naute. Very recently the ability to build a stationary base was added. Primitive atfirst but hey! That is cool!All in all. This game will become great. But at the moment: ""Buyer beware!""."
76561198254862242,Recommended,264710,22588613,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Tom,I like it. A little laggy at times but a great concept. I'd like there to be a bit more late game but on the whole a good game for it's type.
76561198079447107,Recommended,264710,22596327,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,PhantomATC,love it
76561198007175950,Recommended,264710,22586766,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Imperator,Fantastic game even in its Alpha stages. Has great potential to expand...
,Recommended,264710,22587887,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Chaple,Game is great but needs to be co-op ...
,Recommended,264710,23815492,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,bANONYMOUS,This game it self is absolutly fatastic but I would love for it to have more achievements and trading cards
,Recommended,264710,24492797,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Kib,"Very good game, it seems complete but your far from that.i love the creaturesi love the biomesi love the big creaturesi love the islandsi love the ship wrecksi love the vehiclesi love the noisesi love the gunsi love the buildingi love everything about it10/10 best survival game yet"
,Recommended,264710,25735467,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,The Governor,This game is great Would be better if they release multiplayer
76561198297586644,Recommended,264710,22592343,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,thomas.dumais,"I love this game! Thank you Jacksepticeye, Markiplier and unknown worlds entertainment for showing me this game!"
,Recommended,264710,15195482,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Harold,I HOPE THIS HAS MULTIPLAYER
76561198088703707,Recommended,264710,13701653,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cryborg,"this is an awsome game and the only way to make it better would be if there was mor metal, and if it was multi-player"
,Recommended,264710,24189954,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mr.Gold,"Set out to discover the oceans in my brand new Sea Moth. AS I admired the landscape a huge thing with teeth grabbed my little sub and torn it to pieces and then proceeded to eat me for desert. After changing my pants, will play again. Defo recommend."
,Recommended,264710,21037376,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Rusty Golf Club,Good until it destroyed my computer.
76561198104215933,Recommended,264710,15009343,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Mike Nolan,amazing graphics are top notch alredy feels like a full game and it is only in early acces one to watch
,Recommended,264710,15053597,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Dragon,"Brilliant game already and there are many more updates coming !!Awesome open-sea exploration and survival game. Build the best and koolest subs a game has to offer.Not to mention the graphics are great ( at least for me ) and under the water looks beautifulWould 100% recommend this for anyone who likes open-world survival games, the ocean in general and exploration games.10/10 for me so far C:"
,Recommended,264710,16831762,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Inferno,Only thing there should be guns and multiplayer
,Recommended,264710,25915251,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,autism,Yes I recommend this game to people but not all people if you have a low end of or laptop don't buy it wait until you get a better pc it lags in most areas or if your base is big
76561198113054471,Recommended,264710,17338622,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Fable ღ,A great underwater survival game! It is one of the best games ever !! Oh pardon me it is the best game ever !
76561198194672435,Recommended,264710,17339344,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,beatboxermania,i think its the best game that ive played
76561198083918670,Recommended,264710,17514327,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,GRAYFOX,fun game...needs multiplayer in the future
,Recommended,264710,17514370,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Blazekillgaming,its a great and fun game
76561198071118415,Recommended,264710,17471314,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,BACK AWAY THOTTY   ⃠,Really good ambience and oculus rift makes it much better definitely recommend this game
,Recommended,264710,17550717,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,HeinzBeanz,This game is fun and i died after 30 minutes 10/10 would wanna die again. but the game is fun to build bases and have fun honking the monsters.
76561198148931095,Recommended,264710,17313529,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,DonkerPiel,This game never gets old. You will always be entertained
76561198199855575,Recommended,264710,17901223,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TG.cbas,one of the worst games i have bou8ght i do not recomend it
,Recommended,264710,28778748,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,🎃Spoopy Muffin👻,...
76561197978035874,Recommended,264710,15459884,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Gagnonr01[7D2D],"Excellent game, beautiful scenery, lots of potential"
,Recommended,264710,15846162,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,CRAWLING IN MY CRAWL,i only had this game for 16 minutes and it already has bugs!!! no ocean floor no fishes or monsters the frame rate is crap and now it wont even launch!!!!! i thought this game would havent have that much bugs in it but i guess wrong!!! all there is to do in the game is to swim around for me!!! but sadly with all the bugs i do recommend it
,Recommended,264710,15394288,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,GuntGunt,One of the best games i have ever played even better than the walking dead season 2 just to show how good this game is :)
76561198096295693,Recommended,264710,15483172,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Groomster136,"Brilliant game, wonderful graphics, hope the devs keep the work up :)"
76561198269293037,Recommended,264710,22479054,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,redd,starts gamegets out of lifepodsee's sea cowtouches sea cowsea cow lets out pregnant oozedies    D :starts all oversee's stalkerstalker kills medies      D :starts all overfinds islandgets op gearfinds diamonds and goldfinishes gameforgets to saveand quits to desktopcries for hoursplays againdies   D :dies    D :dies dosent stop dyingquits life  : D21/10 would play again.
76561197978379464,Recommended,264710,19422869,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Rednecksith,"Really fun game so far. Still quite rough around the edges, but the foundation is here for an extremely solid survival and exploration game, one which Unknown Worlds is constantly building upon. An almost completely aquatic environment is something which sets it apart from the plethora of survival / exploration games out there, and adds quite a bit of depth (HAR HAR) to the game play. It also results in quite possibly some of the most beautiful environments I've ever seen in any game, period. Beautiful... and deadly.One other thing about the underwater setting is how it allows for indigenous life forms on a truly massive scale, both benign and hostile. One of them is even slated to carry an entirely separate ecosystem on its back, and that's not even going to be the biggest one! Even in my trusty Cyclops submarine, I sometimes feel tiny and insignificant.Paid $20 and it's well worth that price, even in its current state. Early access is something of a crapshoot, and I myself have been burned (Moonrise, anyone?) by it, but Unknown Worlds is a proven developer with a good track record. I would be extremely surprised if they, barring any sort of natural disaster or act of God, didn't finish this game."
76561198302736578,Recommended,264710,30480186,Posted: 12 March,all,datholyskull,"it dosent workwhen you lanch it, it will glitch out"
25164161564653519,Recommended,264710,18896439,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,BlitzKrieg44,Good Game.
76561198138792102,Recommended,264710,23148599,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Hellion,"This game is a breath of fresh air in the survival genre, where you DON'T make little hatchets out of sticks and rocks. I love the high tech, futuristic nature of the game, and I love the huge, open world (or ocean rather) exploration. Awesome tools, bases, and submarines make this game one of my favorite survival games ever, if not my favorite. Not to even mention the incredible atmosphere that this game has..."
,Recommended,264710,23746874,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Captain Dingus,I have spent 10 minutes trying to load the game for the first time.It's fun though.
76561198043424954,Recommended,264710,16776327,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Halash,You swim around and pray to whatever God you may or may not believe in hoping that you aren't being watched.10/10 Would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again.
,Recommended,264710,23003263,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Mr.Watermelon,extremly scary!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,264710,23783138,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ImThatGuyH,i love this gameit is one of my fravourite games
76561197966973931,Recommended,264710,19731651,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,IKilled!Teddy!,"I really like the grafic and art that has been put into this game so far, stunning caves with glowy shrooms and big vines filled with agressive big beast of the depts. Im giving this 8/10 and not a 10/10 because it lacks thing to do, you can build vaious diving suits and upgrades + tools, a big base from materials from gathered around the ocean (pardon bad spelling). But when you have that, thats basicly it, u have nothing else to do but exploring and you cant do alot inside of the base like activites or skills, there arent many crafting blueprints in total and i hope they get alot more real content than it has now soon. But still i recommend this game"
,Recommended,264710,19538217,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,11hastag11,"For an early access game, holy crap! Other than the hilarious bugs that are rare and far from game breaking and possibly make the game MORE fun!I've had it for 5 days and logged at least 12 hrs into it. And the developers are active as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Coming out with actual content often. Though I would like them to add an update of just bug fixes"
76561198152935474,Recommended,264710,19538329,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,One of the bois,I loved it the first few times and the rush you get when you see a reaper leviathan.... This game is awsome
76561198087155530,Recommended,264710,19540289,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,#Ricegumisabitch,very good game and accurate graphics
76561198115574630,Recommended,264710,15625775,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,TheLegendaryLynx,can anyone help me i just bought the game when i tried loading it it just loaded and i could hear sound but then when i tried clicking soome where it would just freeze and crash
,Recommended,264710,22377750,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,blazergl,i like the game looks wonderful and sound great. dislike alot of gpu won't run and crashes
,Recommended,264710,19332664,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Mistress Hyde,"The game it self is kinda cool and weird creatures you could harvest or attack, but the problem is everytime im loading in the game, On 90.00% in downloading the thing it crashes instantly. Thats the problem that made me♥♥♥♥♥♥abit. If it didnt happen i would give this game 10/10 but then it went down to 4/10 by that problem. Help. Me."
76561198098524094,Recommended,264710,20773905,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,trumpetstar2,i shud of red mim requierments before geting the game becs i dont have requierments fore minum is ther like a re fund thing fore games ? i am sorry fore ur trubels steam
76561198048354508,Recommended,264710,20776185,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Captain_Nova_117,wish it had multiplier but it is good
76561198308504658,Recommended,264710,24924567,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,dodomaster500,best game ever it  is underwater kaos
76561198031545310,Recommended,264710,30164629,Posted: 25 February,all,Alex Ray,Cool game and add more fish
76561198063556304,Recommended,264710,15225807,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,BW,"10/10 it is great with very little bugs, well worth the 20 dollars"
,Recommended,264710,21718283,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Mr Bones,"played the game, grabbed a fish, 10/10 would kidnap a fish again"
76561198172068490,Recommended,264710,21812012,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sentinell,U WILL DIE
76561198074180490,Recommended,264710,21890250,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,klatsflap,"Keeps crashing / 10, would try to play it again"
76561198281999136,Recommended,264710,21890569,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,chickennuggets123451,i bought this game last night but i could not play it because of my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer it has good memory and other♥♥♥♥♥♥but it says i need a better gpu please suggestions i really am dying to play this msg my email or replychickennuggets123451@gmail.com
76561198106290494,Recommended,264710,18477742,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Squarebox64,Best early access survival so far
,Recommended,264710,20945165,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Onekindle™,"Fear of deep ocean confirmed - 10/10 game, thalassophobia simulator 2016"
,Recommended,264710,21018710,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,CheesyWolfy,"Sadly I cannot play this game, but don't let this slow you down. I've seen gameplay of the game and it's very interesting"
,Recommended,264710,16118766,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Paddy Was Here,To good for you
,Recommended,264710,16875693,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,FunnyCinema,"Very fun game. I like those games where you must survive and then make everything you want (Bases), but I wish you add Backpacks and more weapons.P.S.Sorry for bad English, I am Slovenian"
,Recommended,264710,14862446,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,unclebolgarian,"This game is loads of fun for what it has so far. Although buggy and i lost my save several times it is flawless (its early access). This is worth every cent and if your into stranded deep than you'll like this. Their is moments when the game pisses you off like when you loose your cyclops and everything becasue the game crashes, but this will get fixed as it is early access."
76561198274908163,Recommended,264710,20857743,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,caleb.christl42,How do you update this GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198015947845,Recommended,264710,21376678,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,KU$H CH@OS,This game is great...but it needs co-op
,Recommended,264710,22108778,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Zero Dark,wonderful game and a beauty to play.
,Recommended,264710,22112339,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,MattInTheHat,#best game of the year
76561197972713123,Recommended,264710,22112745,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,camckinn,9/10 worth getting!
76561198264771403,Recommended,264710,22112005,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,hydro66x,make it on xbox one and playstation 4!!! It would be amazing
76561198167633684,Recommended,264710,22118756,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,BeijingBuck,Definitely worth every penny. Cant wait to see where this goes!
,Recommended,264710,22118925,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Legion_warrior,"This game is amazing, i love exploring the seas on this alien planet, so much fun, cant wait for the final project completion."
,Recommended,264710,22119488,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Befafter,"I've played this game through three times now following updates and each time has been more fun than the last. This game is worth every penny, pick it up if you have'nt yet, what a game!"
76561197971074306,Recommended,264710,22119945,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Xapmat,"This game is brilliant. It takes a bit of getting used to as you are just left to it, and frustration can come in when you have difficulty finding a specific item. Often you are searching in the wrong place. But this aside (though I'd argue it could be it's virtue in some respects) it's incredibly immersing;) The sense of wonder at finding a new wreck or location takes some beating and the feeling of achievement with each new gain you make building equipment keeps it rewarding. The graphics are slightly glitchy at times (or at least on my laptop) but this is more than made up with gameplay. If you like sandbox;) games you can play at your own pace then this is a gem."
76561198159867669,Recommended,264710,22121294,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Jeanpierre10452,Such an amazing game!
76561198287203646,Recommended,264710,22114837,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,jayden.hernandez,this game does not let me build or use any of my tools. I play on my new mac. PLEASE Help
,Recommended,264710,24612712,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,11shredderman11,This Game Is SUPER FUN And Scary As FudgeBut Its Also Like My Moldy ShoeIt Never Gets Old
,Recommended,264710,14997873,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Mavrick,They have fixed the game and it has become one of my favirit games
76561198073698067,Recommended,264710,21003616,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,welhox,Great game
,Recommended,264710,27699235,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MysticXNinja,I love this game its so fun to play.
76561198124133178,Recommended,264710,19167797,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,diegoalfoons3,The game is good but it needs optimize for windows 32 and other basic cumputers
76561198155437474,Recommended,264710,19168333,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Affine Yak,Beautiful fun game! Awesome choice!!
,Recommended,264710,19171600,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Rinzler,"Its good but this genre of game is oversaturated, steam is flooded with these.Still has lots of potential."
,Recommended,264710,19177706,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Robizerd,I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198057423489,Recommended,264710,20990908,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,casso619,great game! you feel like you are really swimming in the water!
,Recommended,264710,20994626,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,furnace,This game creeps the hell out of me. Some stupid satanic snake keeps eating my sea moth. 10/10
,Recommended,264710,21005569,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,parchedaardvark,"developers, if you read these can you please make a very low graphics quality because my computer cant run it very well."
,Recommended,264710,21010053,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,gee idee,This game is a dream 1.00000000000.000000000000000000000000000000000000.0000000000000000000000000/1
76561198197798828,Recommended,264710,29306755,Posted: 16 January,all,smithrj199,it does not work
,Recommended,264710,20951383,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Ch4irN0ble,"Fantastic survival game, fresh take on the genre.Underwater bases! Subs!No more running!!!!"
76561198278468306,Recommended,264710,30516558,Posted: 14 March,all,bananaboy2004,this is an AMAZING game but will you please make it available to multiple platforms? i own a linux and its agravating that i cant use it on this computer. please fix this!
76561198057372191,Not Recommended,264710,28642038,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Pepe The Gamer,"I like the game and idea of it, but at the same time. i'm disappointed... I have a rig thats high above what the system requirements say. I bought this for myself as a christmas gift because i wanted it after watching it run smooth and stuff for my favorite youtubers. it looked great! The problem i have is, i feel like i wasted my money on something that for some reason will not keep a steady frame rate. I turn and FPS drops. I jump in the water the FPS drops. It runs very weird, but PC handles better games. I don't understand... I personally wish i could have a refund.  feel bad for saying that, but i do want a refund. The game idea of the game itself is great, but i have had too many problems with it already and i just bought this at midnight last night. I would reccomend this game, but for me i just can't sadly. Is there a way i can ask for a refund by any chance? I don't know if i can, but that would kinda help. I think i just wasted my christmas to be honest."
,Recommended,264710,31319149,Posted: 23 April,all,GamingWithMarko,AWESOME BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED SO GLAD I BOUGHT IT!
,Recommended,264710,31318444,Posted: 23 April,all,HollowKnight - Mantis Cavalier,This game just AMAZING~!! I hope this game never stop update
76561198185790238,Recommended,264710,31323568,Posted: 23 April,all,JCA 0214gams,good game
76561198049383009,Recommended,264710,31318258,Posted: 23 April,all,Lessersphinx,yaes is very good. spoopy and kewl story
76561198094545605,Recommended,264710,15302760,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Vaanyuul,You can drive an underwater moth.10/10
76561198324224923,Recommended,264710,31225822,Posted: 18 April,all,SkyFireDragon,love the game but could you please add multyplayer
76561198302302699,Recommended,264710,24784018,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,angela.spindle,wow dogegood game
76561198000598481,Recommended,264710,24997041,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Borg77,Amazing eksploration. The best underwater game I ever played.
76561198092645588,Recommended,264710,24997964,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,^9andy^4aamot,"Played it a little bit on my laptop and over at a friend of mine, abseloutly love it, but my laptop so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ so it dosen't meet the requirements.And on my primary pc i have kubuntu, withch is a linux program. And if this game could be played on linux programs i think i would have a very good time :D"
76561198113143951,Recommended,264710,24962625,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Kinsman,bad reviews from no mans sky brought me here. :0
76561198279816627,Recommended,264710,24818985,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,tom.wbly,The best survival game i have ever played.Keep up the good work developers.
76561198170063227,Recommended,264710,24820036,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,RetroEmerald,"Dear Mr./Mrs. Game Developer,You game is truely the embodiment of art in videogames. This game has everything you would ever want in an adventure, curiousity, flora/fauna, excellent graphics and blood rushing terror. this game stars you, a workhand on the Aurora, when everything comes crashing down (literally). Now you must survive on a planet comprised of almost all water, while you track down what's left of the other crewmates, and what lies below the dark abyss that is the grand reef. 9.7/10 in my opinion, and i cannot wait for storymode to come out.sincerly,Thomas RichardPs. Play on experimental mode for bonus fun,"
76561197972795151,Recommended,264710,24820474,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,♠RP♠ Rage Quit,Best I've played in a while.  Each update leaves you wanting the next.
76561198206474989,Recommended,264710,24825580,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,mahlycat #pootis,Subnautica is an amazing game great graphics and creativity too bad my computer cant run it anymore i recomend it.
76561198102367481,Recommended,264710,24749886,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Acies,"Absolutely amazing. An aesthetic game that you can play for hours and explore for even more. I wouldn't call it a game, I'd call it an experience."
,Recommended,264710,25373920,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Team Duff,fun game
,Recommended,264710,20718457,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Gofrette™,Very good scenery.
76561198261157488,Recommended,264710,25469826,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Taco_Timmy,it is fun
,Recommended,264710,25368611,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,MacCaulin,"Unequivocally, yes, I recommend this game.At the time I'm writing this, I've put 116 hours into the game and have been playing it since shortly before the crash site update (about 1.5 years). I'll start by what's already great about the game:1. It's stable. Unknown Worlds understands that features don't matter if the game doesn't run. Due to that, the game is more stable than a AAA release from (pick any major publisher) with 10x the personel and budget. Considering this is still in alpha, that's saying something.2. There is a ton of stuff to do already. Most survival games have a problem in that ocne you get decently set up, survival becomes fairly easy (without some arbitrary mechanic to make it harder). Unknown World's approach to this is not arbitrary, though it is optional. You can kick back in your base and live off your farm if you want but there's ton's of upgrades to discover and build, wrecks to explore, story to figure out (what the hell got you stuck on waterworld in the first place), and random sketchy places to dive to. The game world is decent sized in square footage but cubed footage, it's giant. The ocean is over 1700m deep.3. Active development. It's always the gamble with early release titles on whether the game is going to complete. Often, their being developed by some dude in their house or some tiny startup with nothing else to their name. Unknown Worlds has been developing software for years. To my knowledge, they formed as a company from the Half Life modding group responsible for the original Natural Selection mod and have since released other games as Unknown Worlds (including Natural Selection 2 which is a stand alone title instead of a mod). These guys know what they are doing and have the financial backing to keep doing it. Along with that, over the past year and a half, they've released several updates to add new features, the latest being a kick♥♥♥♥♥exosuit that lets you punch aggressive fish in the face! Well, any fish really... but you get to punch them in the face! It's brilliant. Plus, you can follow the development on Trello if you want to get that into the weeds with it.That's enough for the good. For the bad, there isn't really much. The only thing I can think of is, no multiplayer. There is no multiplayer and no plans to add multiplayer at this time. If I remember correctly, the reasoning was because they're a small company so they had to decide how best to allocate their resources.In summary, if you like exploration, survival, oceans, and punching fish in the face, this game is for you even with being an early release title."
76561198144801258,Recommended,264710,25287497,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Chó,Started the game and found yo mama farting green shitballs the closer I got to her.
,Recommended,264710,25575529,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Gr8Gr3yM,"Great game, kind of unstable and the initial loading of the game takes like 6 minutes, this and the fact the game stoped responding right on my first minute of play time left a really bad impression at first, but the long loading is compensated by no loading screens whatsoever ingame and the game not rsponding was just bad luck."
76561198148467052,Recommended,264710,17247417,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,LiquidSpear,"I would highly recommend this cool game! :)But my only problem is, that i dont get any f the updates like the Fire Knife...Any help? :("
,Recommended,264710,22463516,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Swifting,">Plays for 4 hours.>Creates a base, gets enough resources to last.>Creates some good gear.>Creates some vehicles.>Forgets to save.>PC reboots.>Realises there is no autosave.>Cries.10/10 idk."
76561198189822051,Recommended,264710,24476995,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,hipstermeister✪,"Really beautiful game, updated frequently with great content!"
,Recommended,264710,17332557,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,oh my gosha,great game love the constant updates and all the exploration and building oppurtunities I recommend. One problem though I go to turn on experimental mode and it doesn't give me the option to.
,Recommended,264710,20580262,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kalil,"First of all, this is an Early Access game review, so keep that in mind.This game is gorgeous.  That's its major selling point, and it delivers.  It lets you experience underwater exploration on a well realized (mostly) underwater world full of exotic alien life.  It also avoid the 'all aliens want to eat you' trope - many are docile, and the game strongly demphasizes combat.  This is almost a weakness - while I very much understand the philosophy, the inability to effectively fight back against some of the more aggressive animals is occassionally frustrating.The main challenges, however, do not come from the combat or the creatures.  The main challenges are enivornmental.  Air is a very limited resource.  I have not played on survival mode (not really my cup of tea), but there is also that for those so inclined, adding food and fresh water to your concerns.  It is also a game that is not afraid to allow you to get lost, which is very refreshing in this modern age of minimaps and quest markers.  You're exploring blindly in a fully 3d environment, with only placeable beacons, memory, the wreck of the Aurora smoking on the horizon, and (in very late game) a compass to help guide you.The story is, at this stage, very much unfinished, but what I've seen of it so far has made me hungry for more.  I do hope the devs stick with the 'exploration'-style story discovery, allowing the player to piece together the events at their own piece as they explore the world, and avoiding the temption to put it clear and linear 'goals'.Construction is fun, but kind of simplistic.  There's only a handful of thigns you can do with your base - mainly storage and construction - so it feels a little limited.  I could make a massive and sprawling hamster-maze of a base, but there's little incentive to do so.  It sounds like the addition of 'farming' and the large acquaria may change that, especially for survival mode players, so that's something to look forward to.It is an early access title, and there is some things clearly missing, some bugginess, and some tweaking still needed.  the Devs appear to be very good at communicating with the community, and are extremely open about their development process, to the extent of allowing the public access to their internal scheduling and task completion system.  The game is tentatively scheduled for release in August.  Right now, it's in a better state than 2/3rds of the AAA games that were released last year (faint praise, but still), so I'm pretty confident they can hit that target, or at least pretty near.One more note: I am a marine engineer, and I am very impressed by the little details the devs put into the Cyclops submarine.  It's futuristic and powered by magic, but the engine room really does a good job of conveying its function and the basics of 'how it works'.  The entire vessel is really well crafted.  I love how it responds to docking the Seamoth, securing the watertight doors before opening the hatch to take the Seamoth in.  There tons of little details like that, throughout the game, and the Devs deserve big kudos for that.I am going to conclude where I started.  The game is gorgeous and immersive.  It is, right now, #1 on my list of games I want to play on VR.  I definitely recommend it."
76561198132302561,Recommended,264710,21168287,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,GE4RJ4MMER,buy THIS NOW
,Recommended,264710,21168536,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SILVRR,I love it not much of a review but i recomend it!
,Recommended,264710,23469591,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Mr._,"Absolutly terrifying, and I love it."
76561198096311170,Recommended,264710,23677908,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,[FOE] Vorak,"Subnautica is an underwater survival game which has amazing atmosphere and very nice graphics. At first the game makes you feel very tense and scared to explore the huge ocean that's full of different, creepy sea creatures. But as you progress and build more modes of transportation the fear slips away and you feel like you can explore pretty much anywhere without any worry. The mood this game sets is one I haven't seen in a while and is one of the best early access games I have played on Steam. It has fantastic gameplay and great visuals. The only thing I wish for is multiplayer as it can get a bit boring playing on your own for hours. Appart from that this game is great!"
,Recommended,264710,20581369,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Rollin_Shair,blue prante too hard to find but it is the best!!!
76561198042051490,Recommended,264710,23506871,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,nakedpanda102,"This is the first early access game I've ever played, that being said I expected it to be buggy, clitcy and completely unpolished. Did it exceed my expectations or was it spot on?I purchased this game after having enjoyed playing Minecraft, I was interested in a game with a similar explor and build concept but with better graphics and a sci-fi feel. On both of these Subnautica delivers.Graphics: Already excellent, with some pop in which is probably due to my 3 year old laptop but still enjoyable, visually beautiful. The options for optimizing are simple but maybe these are something that always get added last.Gameplay: To get a good idea of what you are doing from the trailer. If you enjoy exploring simply for the adventure of it, this game will keep you enteratined for hours. There is even some horror elements, there is some sort of primal fear about the vast unknown under you in the ocean and what could be lurking inside it.... and in this game there actually are monsters in the deep.Glitches: There are some minor bugs nothing irritating or gamebreaking. Just things you may notice occasionally.Final Verdict: Even though this game isn't completed it has enough content to keep you basebuilding/exploring for many days. That said if you get it now and play for a while you can stop, come back after a couple months and find a lot of new content. I like the idea of this game and wanted to buy it early because I felt it had a lot of promise. What I didn't expect was for it to be so enjoyable already as is. There isn't much storywise in the game yet but I have a feeling that will take them less time then designing, animating, and implementing giant sea dragons."
,Recommended,264710,23643715,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Cody,"This game is only getting better and better, I can't wait to see where this goes in the future."
76561198063016197,Recommended,264710,22529543,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Rezz,"Great game, except every update forces you to ""upgrade"" your world, which means all your bases get wiped. Otherwise it's awesome.10/10 Would spend 10 hours re-creating Rapture only for it to be deleted again"
76561198130756010,Recommended,264710,21446636,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Fruit Snacks,"Just gonna put this out there: To date, Less than 5% of the world's ocean has been explored"
,Recommended,264710,23714386,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Oshaigah,"Pros:-Great game all around-Beauitful-Challenging-A lot to do-Not too many bugs-Good building-Unique gameplayNow just add all that and put multiplayer in it. Instead of rushing the game for xbox, you lost so many customers doing so. Xbox can wait, you left your PC race. Please do something about it. Everyone says its a great game, then they say at the end ""No multiplayer"" About to make a petition."
,Recommended,264710,23692663,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Alice-Cara,"9/10As for me, this is the best simulator of survival in the ocean (may be at all). It is very interesting to explore the depths of the sea, because you never know what you will face)I deliberately did not look any guides for this game, so as not to spoil the impression, as the main focus, I think, is going to study. When I saw the first big creature (gazobryuha), my reaction was roughly as follows: ""Oh my f *****!"" Only then I realized that it is not dangerous if it is not to touch))The only thing we wish to developers - this is larger and more frequent updates (because the game is in beta), at a depth of 1000m is nothing to do, because biomes there are not yet ready, raw, or for which only a blank space reserved .. . But despite this, the game already has a lot of things! I would like of course also co-op ... Who knows, maybe the developers will be able to do it))My 9/10 is only due to the fact that the game is in the early access."
,Recommended,264710,23818628,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Axeace,"I think you could find a better game, but it would take a lot of trying and it sure as heck wouldn't be in early access. It's a little bit like a heavily modded underwater Minecraft, but that's the most narrow way of describing it. You really just have to see it for yourself. Buy this game. Do it. Now."
,Recommended,264710,23757632,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,👽☥ SECROIT ☥👽,nice.
,Recommended,264710,23810236,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,girl gamer,ye
76561198152626961,Recommended,264710,23509038,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,juanorojuanono,"Amazing GameGraphics:9,5/10Render:9/10content:8/10(i dont give 10/10 beacause i want multiplayer)"
76561198152208275,Recommended,264710,23540556,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Pakerthebosss,IT'S THE BEAST BUT I WANT TO BE ABLE TO HAVE A WAY TO GO HOME OR FLY THE/A SPACE SHIP OVERALL 100/10
76561198274483018,Recommended,264710,23770423,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Magic_Ex,I did not play it B/C it takes 4 gb of RAM to work.  My computer doesnt have 4 gb of ram so the game just kept on crashing. i have seen gameplay of it and i would recommend it  but i cant play it.
,Recommended,264710,24101819,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,RoyalHistoryIV,"Definitely a great game, needs multiplayer!"
,Recommended,264710,24052107,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Rylanodory,new fear of the ocean.10/10 would ruin traveling for myself again.
76561198314957570,Recommended,264710,24092217,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,stewrod197996,can u make it to where it requires 32-bits instead of 64-bits so i can play it or can i get my money back
76561198056748593,Recommended,264710,20366902,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,[TFRC]Rogue,"Amazing game, should buy it is worth the money easily!"
76561198261700220,Recommended,264710,20546180,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,mdg41803,please email me subnautica creators on how to get read of the loding screen error
76561198057318407,Recommended,264710,16958389,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ROBOTIC,>Killed Alien Fish. 8/8
76561198079560661,Recommended,264710,16027701,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,The Baconizer,so right subnautic MY GOD THIS GAME IS GOOD MY GOD I HAVE FALLEN IN LOVE IT LOOKS SO PRITTY THIS GAME THE SEA CREATURES ARE ALL DIFFRENT AND FRESH  AND AHHH LEFT CLICKING IN THE GIANT FU**ING SUB IS AMAAAZING 9/10 SRSLY BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,264710,19988877,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bean,cool
76561198213206248,Recommended,264710,20306763,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Zundran,"Really great ocean game but not for the easily scared, If you are a hardcore pc gamer, for now buy this instead of ARK"
,Recommended,264710,20306844,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Finnish Guards,"A good game, it dose have some lag, but not very much. I love this game!!!"
,Recommended,264710,21885929,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Linkin [ PHN ⦿_⦿],cool game but after you get enoyed
,Recommended,264710,21895660,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Doktur,"I am normally very cautious when buying early access games. However, Subnautica goes against everything the majority of early access games do, which is actually update new content constantly. There is usually a large update every couple of weeks along with bug fix patches about every week. Tons of content and the game is really fun.Also no game has ever made me fear the ocean as much 11/10"
,Recommended,264710,21881426,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,PunishTube.com,Very good!
,Recommended,264710,20028122,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,D O N G,Good game
76561197970560691,Not Recommended,264710,28279820,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Blade Powerhawk,"Until they fix the Vive issues with the UI and tablet, its sort of unplayable.  So thumbs down."
76561198130476761,Recommended,264710,30546727,Posted: 16 March,all,Puriwara of the Purian State,"It may seem like a cute little survival game, where you hunt for fish in the colourful reefs, right? I thought so too.I might not be diagnosed with PTSD, but I have recurring nightmares of the same ocean-dwelling creatures. I feel like I am being hunted. You go out in your little exploration submarine, and you see the tail in the darkness. A heart attack approaches, like the gargantuan monster from behind you, forcing you to flee into the caves where your vehicle starts running out of power. In a dire attempt to escape, you shoot out only to be ambushed by the hellish horned creature, roaring and tearing you vehicle into bits. You scream, but for naught. The vehicle is being compounded, and after ditching it you try to get to the surface, 200m down. The air empties from your lungs, you cry yourself to death while being chased while suffocating, the little light there is fading, and the utter realisation that you will not survive.I will not recover from playing this. Ever. I am not kidding about the nightmares."
76561198136685350,Recommended,264710,24392161,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Darkwatch12,love this gameee
,Recommended,264710,17505340,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,SpiritMIA,"Great game, all about this game for me it is positive..."
76561198167198507,Recommended,264710,17506239,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,hayray9,GREAT GAME KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
76561198076478614,Recommended,264710,17507086,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Megaminx,"Great game, nice atmoshpere, lots to do and gets updated every month. Try it out!"
76561198193749378,Recommended,264710,17512762,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,carl D2G,Great game would reconmend to anyone who wants a great survival type game.
,Recommended,264710,17513308,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,AndyLamb,"Absolutely beautiful game, cant stop playing it.. Damn work gets in the way.I am addicted"
76561198148852330,Recommended,264710,18920565,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,zorroh,"I love it. i would recomend it to anyone who loves to explore and sometimes poop there pants,great game. some bugs will happen, the game is out early. (stop looking at the bad reviews and buy the game)"
76561198076245041,Recommended,264710,26510229,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,{TRC} Colten,"First of all I played Farsky before this came out in a more stable form and I just have to say that Subnuatica is Farsky's big brother who has more experence in this type of field.( Dont want to spend 20$ just try Farsky to get a decent feel of Subnuatica for 10$ )Pro's---------- Stunning graphics that require less power- Very well done crafting system- The biomes are incredible- Subnuatica has a well done back story for during the explosion and after. ( Find storys in the games biomes etc )- Base building is very fun to planCon's---------- Base building can be a hassle when you can't connect certain parts right away and you have to find the right angle- Cyclops is extremely slow and can be hard to use when first starting- Seaglide's battery get's used up way too fast- Oxg. count goes way too fast when in safe shallows and kelp forest by which I mean that it seems to go down at the same rate as if I'm in the inactive lava zone ( might be on my end not everyone else's )-----------Rating 95/100Bugs - Low for an early access gameDo developers care? - Very muchShould you buy it?  - Yes, you will love this game no matter your backgroundWhy I bought it? - It was a huge step from Farsky and also I have a fear of whats under the sea beneath me also known as ""Thalassophobia"" which im trying to curb. BUT this game still freaks me out just sayn'. So have fun and give this a go!"
76561198066211543,Recommended,264710,27648925,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Reekfrin,Fun game with lots of exploration.
76561198349381754,Recommended,264710,29539577,Posted: 28 January,all,-DI- Odyss3y,Really good game a few bugs here and there but a great game
,Recommended,264710,29540166,Posted: 28 January,all,21 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 21,add co-op blz bretty blz
,Recommended,264710,31271602,Posted: 21 April,all,JimmyTrik,This game is absolutely BEAUTIFUL also it gives u a lot of hours to play with i personaly havent played this game much but i strongly recomened it!
,Recommended,264710,31276960,Posted: 21 April,all,Necrotia,I absolutely love this game. I cant say anything else... Its just amazing!
,Recommended,264710,25368505,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Scarface,Do you need to buy something for the cyclops or any other vehicles?
,Recommended,264710,26512279,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Concussion III,Very fun and entertaining game to play! 7.5/10Pros:Nice SoundtrackNew stuff added every month or soVery immersiveNice visualsCool animalsCons:Few glitches here and theregets boring after first play through (but the earlier you get it the more updates you can play as time goes by!)
,Recommended,264710,27247242,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Foolister,"Really immersive and captivating game. Lots of features to explore. You can build you safe haven and enjoy the comfort of your base in the shallows, or you can go explore the depths of the ocean and be scared of the unknown. I hope they add a little more land exploration and some sort of story driven narrative.Great game and lots of fun."
,Recommended,264710,27635490,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ivonitos,amazing
,Recommended,264710,27646014,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RageBlazing,Its honestly a very good game but I find it dull and hard to continue after about 9 hours when you have done almost everything in the game
76561198317779050,Recommended,264710,29543979,Posted: 28 January,all,GamingAce,very fun game cant wait for the full thing hyped
76561198005655964,Recommended,264710,25087613,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Amigo,Please add HTC vive support!
76561198324753769,Recommended,264710,26510143,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,rshrove,It is great but somethings can be changed.
,Recommended,264710,27235756,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,forehanddeath11,"It is a great game about exploration and discovery. Taking Youtuber IGP's quote and probably butchering it a bit, ""Its an indie game, that feels like a triple A game."""
,Recommended,264710,27245830,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Postman Pat,Fish are food not friends.
,Recommended,264710,27636083,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheXik,Super super game but please add multiplayer it will be better with MP .!
76561198208965803,Recommended,264710,27640894,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,yodainsubnautica,It is an amazing game and experiance but the lagg and the crashing all the time is sort of annoying can you please fix this?
,Recommended,264710,27643251,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,✨Cranberry Wolf✨,"Really fun game and has its terrifying moments at times. Even though it's still in EA, it's still rather impressive in regards to what's available right now, like the current work on the biomes and islands. Would love to see the game evolve into something much more stunning and immersive. Definitely worth the buy, especially for those who'd like an open world survival game with the ocean being a major part of it or if you just like the ocean and undersea life and such."
,Recommended,264710,20080587,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,lıllı BoatFox ıllıllı,This game is very fun. even when you die by a fish.
76561198115771162,Recommended,264710,20674407,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,RMT,최근 패치로 옵티머스기능 달린 노트북으로 이제 게임 실행이 불가능해짐 게임은 재밌었는데..
76561198280988951,Recommended,264710,31642018,Posted: 9 May,all,hew,"One of the most buitiful games. They gameplay is so intresting finding new creatures each time you log on! I admit it has bugs, but it is still early acces. I praise this game."
76561198289064802,Recommended,264710,26024437,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,icedutoure,the good is game
76561198117879870,Recommended,264710,26024730,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,DP? WTF,I LIKE IT
76561198222541340,Recommended,264710,24533249,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,FOX,Ok so I have made a review on this game before it was updated about 10 times. Ok this game is a survival game set on an alien planet that's entirely underwater. You end up here after your ship the aurora is hit by a mysterious pulse that causes catastrophic hull damage and the ship goes down onto the planet you luckily manage to get into a escape pod and safely land on the waters surface. After the wonderful intro you are ready to go the first thing you will need to do is catch some fish and cook or turn them into water. You can build yourself up from a hand held seaglide which propells you around the ocean to a seaglide that you can sit an and it provides oxygen to you while you steer it around. And finally you can build a cyclops which is a submarine thats huge and you can park the seamoth into the bottom of the submarine.Most buildables need blueprints that can be found in different biomes and you will need 1 to 5 of the same blueprint to unlock the technology to build and use it. You will need to upgrade your seamoth and cyclops to be able to withstand deeper perssures under water to be able to different biomes and get more blueprints. You can build your own bases too you can build a simple base that stores resources or you can build scanner rooms that have underwater drones in them so you can explore the ocean without being harmed.I will reccomend this game 100/100 because its beautiful and has lots of content and its not finished yet. The only thing that ruins it is the sea reaper leviathan im so scared of him I wish there was a tick box or something that you could tick to remove him  from the game so I dont have to worry about hig being around. Otherwise 100/100 from me.
,Recommended,264710,19501454,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,loki-175,this is a good game to mess around on and have fun. it could be better with multiplayer but they could add it in a future update
76561198007186436,Recommended,264710,20875916,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,pockets,first 30 mins of the game-made a bunch of oxygen tanks and a knife-went exploring-tried to kill fish with knife-bit me and swims off to tell his friends-big♥♥♥♥♥fish comes and eats me11/10 would become fish food again
76561198146985711,Recommended,264710,20860848,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE,Wake up at 7AMWait for a while until 10AMTell my dad to take me to Walgreens he says maybe4PM ask dad again says maybeNext dayMy dad asks who wants to go buy some groceries my brother goesThey come back with steam cardMy brother buys game doesnt let me playNEXT WEEKMy dad goes buy groceries againAsk him if he can buy the card and says yesComes back... No card4PM mom takes me to WalgreensI buy steam cardCome back and play SubnauticaFind a Airsac eat it and get devoured by a stalker over 200 times11/10 would to this again
,Recommended,264710,24030598,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Nodi,"Anyone who calls this game ""Minecraft underwater"" is obviously overgeneralizing survival games. Yes, there's a food meter that you have to keep eating food or you'll die. Yes, there's enemies that scare the crap out of you and kill you. Big whoop. However, i grew tired of Minecraft in about ten hours. This game, though? This game is fantastic. In Minecraft, you're left to your own devices (or lack thereof) and have to figure out everything yourself. That is, if you're like me. I prefer to discover things on my own instead of just googling everything.Subnautica, on the other hand, REWARDS you for going out of your comfort zone and exploring deeper and deeper into the abyss. You find blueprints for lost technology by exploring, you find new materials, and most of all, you find gorgeous new worlds to explore. Have i mentioned the graphics? The biomes in this game are BREATHTAKING. I've described this game to my friends as beautiful, but terrifying, and i think that about sums it up. You're swimming in the dark trying to find that last piece of salt so you can make more drinkable water? Guess what, dude, there's a freakin barracuda behind you and it wants your booty.Oh, you're admiring the glowing spores around the Grand Reef? There's a Crab Squid attracted to the lights on your submarine, and it also wants your booty.The crafting system in this is fairly simple, and doesn't take long to remember ""Oh, I need a computer chip to make this thing. That means i'll need quartz, silver, and two table coral samples."" and other things like that. If you've played Terraria, the crafting system is similar to that, where you walk up to the 'crafting table' and it shows you a list of things you know how to make, and it shows the materials required.As a kid, the jellyfish scene in Finding Nemo scared the crap out of me. Just because of the big blue abyss behind them, and then suddenly there's gigantic creatures popping up everywhere. This game has moments like that, but i still love it. The environment, the creatures, all the stuff you're able to build to extend the depths you're able to explore. This game is absolutely fantastic. And it isn't even finished! I highly recommend this game to anyone who was scared by Finding Nemo as a kid.10/10 would have Reaper Leviathan spawn in front of me again."
76561198003616020,Recommended,264710,24030808,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Schmauke,One of the best Early Access Games...
76561198219848321,Recommended,264710,29057731,Posted: 6 January,all,Desert Rat,i love this game iam in the ocean on anotyer planet trying to survive the creacher  are so real thumb up
,Recommended,264710,31683426,Posted: 11 May,all,Videl-🌻,"i'm buying this game for pre alpha footage, and its lack of everything, just swimming around and nothing, then i decide to drop this playtime until 2017.then this time to write review,this game is actually very good game, if team developers always update and patched :)and dont forget to scream if you play this game with VR XD"
76561198274283896,Recommended,264710,31674691,Posted: 10 May,all,CaptianFllinx,Fun game
,Recommended,264710,24219965,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,hepatitisdd,♥♥♥♥♥your pants underwater simulator 2017.Buy this game.
76561198255773119,Recommended,264710,18667821,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,jbsharkbite,i have more than 4GB but it says i don't
76561198082098106,Recommended,264710,18674691,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sky,"Great game, hoping that the engine will be optimized soon"
,Recommended,264710,18677208,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Helltendo,"Very nice game, with beautiful graphics and a lot of nices ideas !"
,Recommended,264710,29952572,Posted: 15 February,all,yiturtle123,I love this game to bits besides the rendering problems and the lack of achievments wich btw the could be WAY more and i have a few suggestionsone where its like explore the aurorawatch the aurora explode from your pod stuff like that11/10 love it
,Recommended,264710,28986845,Posted: 3 January,all,umbr3on,"good game, lovely graphics8.5/10 would be chased by a leviathan again"
76561198209465161,Recommended,264710,24088672,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,FatPiggea17,AWESOME GAME1.log on2.find stuff3.need silver for habitat builder4.look for silver for a long time5.get attacked by stalker 10 health6.find silver7.celebrate8.get killed by stalker10/10 get killed by stalker again
,Recommended,264710,24232844,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Rubadub,"This is a fine example of what an early access game should be: perfectly playable AND an outright awesome game for what's currently available. Subnautica offers upwards of 20 hours of thrilling gameplay and nautical adventure with the promises of more to come. This outstanding game has easily become one of my top ten favorite games of its genre. Looking forward to the many great updates to come! (psst hoping for many more docile creatures - especially massive ones, Nessie, more focus on exploration, and why not throw in some lost alien speices for the hell of it)."
76561198028030579,Recommended,264710,24140105,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,jjm3210,"Amazing depth (heh) and tons to learn. I hear they're going to devlope co-op, which would be amazing even if it was limited to just two players."
,Recommended,264710,24148332,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,EZGenius,"Subnautica first caught my attention with the beautiful sea life. From the flora to the fauna, everything is beautifully crafted. The detail put into the game makes it believable. When you see a fish, you wonder what it's purpose is or how it functions, and the game actually presents a logical explanation!However, there is more to this game than the pretty fishes and bioluminescent plantlife. You begin to grow curious for more, so you explore. As you explore, the water gets deeper, and the atmosphere changes. All of the sudden, you begin to experience fear, true genuine fear. You fight begin to fight with yourself; Do I feed my curiousity? Or do I save my bladder the trouble and head back to the surface? The fear of not knowing what is in the water makes you listen to every sound and stay vigil. The first sight of a fish bigger than you sets you swimming home to momma in a heartbeat! Your natural instinc is to play it safe and go to the shallows.We fear what we do not know or fully understand, but what if we could understand and learn the fish? Wouldn't we stop being scared? Why, yes of course! After learning the behaviour of the fish and understanding their habits, I grew to accept them and was no longer afraid. The feeling of overcoming your fears is astounding! This game isn't meant to be a horror game, but it might as well be. In horror games, you know what you're getting yourself into, but this is a different fear. I was never afraid of the ocean prior to this game, but the ocean is a scary place full of hazards and critters out to get you.In conclusion, this game is amazing. yes there is base building, hunger, thirst and all that other survival stuff (it all handles well too), but those are in other games. This game presents a true sense of wonder and fear while providing a true abondoned survival experience. 10/10"
76561198316279464,Recommended,264710,24188441,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Xx123ABCxX,THIS GAME  rocks! but this game is very addicting and it can be hard to stop playing.
76561198194559879,Recommended,264710,22766239,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,°Roticher,How can i stop the lag? Tell me why please!
76561198073889172,Recommended,264710,22347647,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Lugzy Malone,its alright♥♥♥♥♥
76561198142402372,Not Recommended,264710,29315607,Posted: 17 January,all,NarkShark,"This is a very good game it has a huge amount of adventuring, but its very laggy and when I try to load in my game it crashes when I`m near my base then I have to do this over and over and over again, cant wait for it to be done and put in something to reduce the crashes. When that happens I will recommend it to everyone."
76561198101197111,Recommended,264710,29186825,Posted: 11 January,all,Bull3tPr00fTigr,sooooooo good
,Recommended,264710,29189124,Posted: 11 January,all,Majestic-ass Biscuit,Lots of fun. Can't wait for the full version to come out.
,Recommended,264710,29189637,Posted: 11 January,all,Tri :(:,"It's an awesome game in my opinion, even though there are bugs, studders and crashes but that's early access sometimes. And alot of them can be fixed.Recommended for those who like Open World Adventure/Survival Games.Or underwater games.Can't wait for 1.0EDIT: Deleted the pros and cons because i'm not good at them ;_;"
,Not Recommended,264710,29139923,Posted: 9 January,all,Optic,This game is fun but the bugs are crazy and the guide is lacking. Wait till The full realease to support this game. 970 constant frame drops and crashes
76561198307174736,Recommended,264710,29704618,Posted: 4 February,all,craigrolinson1910,it lags real bad
76561198050813230,Recommended,264710,26702309,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,The Rage Is Real,I hate the ocean... but i love this game...
,Recommended,264710,26971368,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CSOFFER.ME Poottery,This is one of the best games i have played ever
76561198178258761,Recommended,264710,28272792,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Frogfish12,"I know this is in Pre Release But im in a 18 Hour game and I cant play, whenver i get in i move 1 meter and i crash, fix"
76561198193094745,Recommended,264710,28753511,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,QuickscopingFTW,"This game is the best survival game i have played so far, i have been following this game for just over 2 years now and have enjoyed it all the time :D"
,Recommended,264710,27378606,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LordRoyalMan,Heyyyy... That's pretty good.
76561198078883525,Recommended,264710,28002174,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hikari,"Really hope they continue adding to this game ,its already so epic but the addons they keep doing just makes it even better"
76561198270569191,Recommended,264710,27768911,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cheeky Cage,Quite Spooky9/10
76561198052580536,Recommended,264710,29541495,Posted: 28 January,all,Taytitan,i love the game. i think that the game has great playstyle and grapics.  cant wait for another update guys keep up the good work!
76561198132235330,Recommended,264710,29543462,Posted: 28 January,all,thesebster,"you see, i have some complaints. 1.    2.    3.   4.   5.       and ya, that about sums it up..."
76561198224561576,Recommended,264710,31274086,Posted: 21 April,all,Blakelyman,Really fun game.
,Recommended,264710,31276217,Posted: 21 April,all,LimeyHD,Very good! This is one of the best game's i've ever played! It has such a good story and it's so fun!And it has big submarine's is just amazing.Positives:Nice storyCool featuresAlways something newAnd it is AMAZING!Negatives:Poor PerformanceBad graphics at some place'sAMAZING Game can't wait for the full release.
76561198101282235,Not Recommended,264710,28186280,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,toshiro812,"Dear developers.Your game is amazing! I understand your eagerness to work on new content. But this makes no sense, as in the early access, if most of the players in the game crashes every 5 minutes, and no possibility explore this content.Be men, and release updates, not when accumulated enough content, but when fixed at least one bug. Believe me, the players loyalty increased significantly."
,Not Recommended,264710,28509831,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Makadon,"It's borderline worthwhile at this time, possibly not even that. Poor design choices plague the flow, interface, and beyond, and performance is terrible as the Unknown World devs have come to be known for (it's Natural Selection 2 all over again). At most, it'll mature and be refined into something worthwhile but that isn't even something I'd call a certainty. It has its moments but even after this playthrough I'd say the much more limited in scope, and arguably never finished, FarSky, remains a better choice for this kind of experience."
76561198065365264,Recommended,264710,22983141,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,FaDe,imagine frosted flakes getting blasted up your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you like that you will like this.ps: needs multiplayer.
,Recommended,264710,27216974,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez gift-drop.com,one of the best survival games i have ever played
,Recommended,264710,29817633,Posted: 9 February,all,71W3,One of the best games EVER thx devs for this game
,Recommended,264710,29053605,Posted: 5 January,all,TueHa,best
,Recommended,264710,29055144,Posted: 6 January,all,Kplate,"Someone made my nightmares a video game. Finally something that can scare me, thank you."
,Recommended,264710,29129358,Posted: 8 January,all,Tax Credit,"I think this is a really great game. It has a lot of exploration, has great graphics, and is all around amazing. I would also like to see a DLC where you play as a survivor of the Degasi. I think that would be fun."
,Recommended,264710,29096783,Posted: 7 January,all,T1tan!um,its good
,Recommended,264710,28336108,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Khaos,"This game is such a good game.It may be in early access, but i can consider this game to be complete, even with the bugs, it still feels like a full game. It is nearly perfect in every way if you like survival games.I'd give it a 9/10 for where it's at now and a 10/10 once the story is out and the few bugs are fixed.Pros:+Graphics are great+Wildlife is cool and diverse+Intro sequence+Sci-Fi Survival game underwater+Vehicles and tools that vary widely+Diverse terrain and locations+Almost everything is explorable+Soundtrack is good+You feel proud when you do stuff yourselfCons:-A few bugs like inventory items disappearing occasionally (VERY RARE)-Hull integrity breaches affect all bases even if they aren't connected-No story (yet)-In Early Access and not complete"
,Recommended,264710,28518195,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Pungent Pickle,"Still in development, yet more interesting and fun than most AAA Survival games out there."
76561198312319639,Recommended,264710,29417341,Posted: 22 January,all,goose1812,amazing game highly recommend it :)XD
76561198050326954,Recommended,264710,28174618,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,KevinGuy27®,bn
,Recommended,264710,26015382,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Momo Ek,Such a fun game
76561198206059580,Recommended,264710,27778823,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MiniBmo,great game for all ages but i do wish it had multiplayer so i can play with my friends but on the other hand its a great game do get
,Recommended,264710,28460175,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ShadowDemon,"This game looks and is amazing. But sadly I cant fully enjoy the gameplay due to the constant crashes when i enter the water. I would recommend this game to others, but check and see if your computer can handle it first before buying it"
76561198197256733,Recommended,264710,29053336,Posted: 5 January,all,Syncronoise,Fishies everywhere o:
,Recommended,264710,29054043,Posted: 5 January,all,TheEmeraldSpark,great graphics and colourful creatures
,Recommended,264710,22589940,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,simontheprodog,its not just amazing game.. its more than that.. this is just the game
76561198109723835,Recommended,264710,22594164,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Exeply,I love this game so much the only thing who must you guys edit is an multiplayer
76561198199914667,Recommended,264710,18540886,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,amanciomercado,ITS AWSOME
76561198285129009,Recommended,264710,23871684,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,HalfEnder,"The only thing that would make this better, would be multiplayer.*drops mic*"
76561198052996660,Recommended,264710,31265214,Posted: 20 April,all,TIMEKILLER,This game is super fun! cant wait for more updates.
76561198232260760,Recommended,264710,30940945,Posted: 4 April,all,Azrael,It is a very good game.
76561198262316275,Recommended,264710,32761091,Posted: 25 June,all,BelievE_,"Iwatched a lot of markiplier playing this game. Ithought it was interesting, but when i downlooaded Subnautica it just blew my mind. In my opnion this is one af the best solo game!"
76561198058331160,Recommended,264710,32772521,Posted: 25 June,all,Untitled,"Subnauticals is a Guinea-Bissau based crunkcore/melodic death metal-fusion band formed in 1939, with the goal of uniting catholic furries in the fight against incorrect carrot classifications. Within Submarrines, you play as the protestant reformer Martin Luther, swimming around your neighbour's pool collecting wet leaves and other such valuable resources in order to fuel your addiction to wool socks. The magazine features a variety of quicky, fun characters such as Boromir, Steve Shives, and that one guy from Friends whose name I can't remember. Upon opening night, the board game recieved 17 ""You Participated"" stickers, as well as a handful of mini-chocolates to share out. Afterwards, the Tajik Navy was quoted in saying ""This is an excellent example of Karl Marx's true envisionment of a modern utopia""."
76561198258444414,Recommended,264710,31485851,Posted: 1 May,all,cheekynorth,"If you're going into the Crash Zone, Mountains or Dunes, bring a spare pair of underwear"
,Recommended,264710,32751741,Posted: 24 June,all,MegaAlphaDong,Really good game!
,Recommended,264710,32756247,Posted: 24 June,all,Discordian,"really fun even, performance dips will hopefully be fixed eventually."
,Recommended,264710,26351595,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SGT  A. Cully [25th ID],"Great game, but one major issue....IT NEEDS ♥♥♥♥ING COOP MODE FOR ♥♥♥♥ SAKE!!!!    Add it in you bloody developers"
,Recommended,264710,26353191,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,wikorninja,this is a realy good game well only missing co op but it is a small group making this game *cuagh* *cuagh* i ment proffesinols you should realy get this game and its ci fi is amazing
76561198038725816,Recommended,264710,32900409,Posted: 27 June,all,Zach16117,"Great game, tons of fun. It's like Minecraft, but with more fun in exploration and excitement. However, the world is static, so no random generation."
,Recommended,264710,32876057,Posted: 27 June,all,Parranleikkaaja,Is gut
76561198081332908,Recommended,264710,32800258,Posted: 25 June,all,The Spook Machine,Iz GuD GaMe
76561198125248700,Recommended,264710,26097072,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ANTONE,We  NEED  ONLINE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198042858191,Not Recommended,264710,27561140,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ding Chavez,"Never written a review before but felt something had to be said about this game. I love the idea and have played several hours of this game, but recently i have not been able to play it because of the constant crashing, get this fixed and it will be a great game"
,Recommended,264710,17453510,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,zanydruid,
76561198153672542,Recommended,264710,17455764,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,tankarama,"ok,but fustrated because i can't get the moon pool"
76561198079020757,Not Recommended,264710,27526527,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DonGridly,"Crash, Crash, Crash. Tripple the spec."
,Recommended,264710,31547507,Posted: 4 May,all,Sp00py ROPN,10/10 would make me♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again
76561198320316970,Recommended,264710,32442551,Posted: 15 June,all,CbuttyGaming,PLEASE HELP IT ISNT LETTING ME PLAY IT! I CLICKED PLAY AND IT DOESNT DO ANYTHING! I BOUGHT THE GAME WHEN THE PRECURSUR UPDATE WAS OUT!
,Recommended,264710,15909336,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Cow,"Even though this game is not finished, it is still worth the money. Just recently bought it and have already played for over 30 hours. They are continually adding new content as well. The latest development, which was the crash site update, was an absolute joy to play through. It gave you access to the crashed ship, the Aurora. If you go inside the crashed ship you can stop radiation, and even gain materials to help boost your sub."
,Recommended,264710,29412475,Posted: 21 January,all,Newfzilla,"I've been sitting by for a while, watching the world go through Subnautica and I finally chose to get it for myself. Right out of the gate, the game stunned me with its unique design and diverse spans of life. Each creature has personality and each area has somethig new to leave you in awe. The story itself is also coming along nicely. It's new and refreshing and leaves you both wanting more and scared for your life. I'm not really a fan of survival games, but I AM a fan of Subnautica. This is a survival game unlike anything I've ever seen. I can't wait to see where the devs. take it."
76561198054972768,Recommended,264710,17505820,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,|SSCC| RexIsAlive,Made a subgot it stucktryed to free itattacked by a reaper11/8
,Recommended,264710,25832296,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Scuba Steve,"Such a wonderful game. Lots of fun, personally i recommend freedom mod. Tried survivor, it was a little much staying fed and drinkning water all the time. Found it too hard to get anywhere. Once i went in freedom mod the game really came to life. Maybe if you didnt get hungry and thirsty so fast survivor mod might be more enjoyable?"
76561198028126113,Recommended,264710,31241731,Posted: 19 April,all,everettryanmusic,This game is pretty much a cross of Grand Theft Auto and Company of Heroes only under the sea.  You're on an alien planet with all types of life forms and you're stuck under water for life.  You eat and drink  but It wont let you go to the bathroom.  2/10 for realism
76561198028004126,Recommended,264710,21934459,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Meowfurion (Marty),"Really enjoying this game. Graphics are beautiful. Model fluidity is amazing.  Colors, particle effects, detail are all quite nice.  I love building an underwater base.  It's fun and adds a new depth to this genre of game.  Highly recommended,  BUT.BUT....with several caveates:Inventory space.  It's redundant, stupid, and just laughably silly.  Too maddeningly restrictive to a degree that removes my immerssion.  A seed from an underwater plant that is literally 1/5th your size somehow takes up as much space in your inventory as an OXYGEN TANK?A cut off sample of an underwater plant that is literally 1/5th the size of your character takes up as much space as a huge scrap metal DOOR you picked up for some titanium?A welding gun takes up as much space as a tiny little chunk of gold you dug out of a sandstone block which is literally 1/10th the size of your character?Finding a way to power your underwater base is an enormous, fun-destroying chore: swimming around to find samples of the creepvine (which also takes up FOUR inventory spaces in your bag for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ reason) and one single fungus sample which is so far away that you are likely to die trying to get some doesn't make any sense at all.  (Also, go back to how much inventory space these creepvine samples take up.  FOUR slots each. Just stupid, stupid, stupid).Finding blueprients is also far too random. If you're going to require people to explore to find blueprints to upgrade their equipment (which is fun and an excellent idea!) at least make the randomness less...random.  I spent 6 hours exploring the Great Reef trying to find just ONE single fragment of Moon Pool so I can actually make my Seamoth worth a♥♥♥♥♥♥to bother using.  What is the logic behind that?  ""Let's make the Seamoth's maximum depth be far less than the amount you need to have avaiilable to actually FIND the upgrade you need to be able to make the Seamoth stand the depth it's found""  It's silly, guys.  The Moon Pool should be much easier to find if you actually want people to explore the Great Reef.  You need the Moon Pool to explore the reef, and the Moon Pool is only found in the deepest parts <OF> the reef.  That's like giving someone a car with a half a tank of gas, and in order to get more gas, you require them to drive twice the distance it takes to get to the gas station.  Plus, make Silver Ore much more readily available than it is currently. Seroiusly. I have a metric ton more gold sitting uselessly in my lockers (which I had to build a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of to hold all these creepvine samples) than silver, and silver is much more needed in game.What are you guys thinking?PLus, please fix the sound issues: there's a serious problem of cracking, popping, and it sounds like the sound is being played back in slow motion or something.Other than the complaints I made above, I highly recommend this game. It's very fun, very interesting, and it makes you really want to swim over that next cliff to see what minerals you can find."
,Recommended,264710,23854868,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Acedew,"Ive played many survival games in my time, some good, some not so good, and i know of many many other ones that make you want to slit ur own throat, take a♥♥♥♥♥♥in your hands then shove it down ur open throat.But Subnautica, well thats a different story.For me, it all began on youtube. As a young lad browsing my sub box on my old ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ipod 4 one night, i came across something that caught my attention. FrankieOnPcIn1080p released a new video :0. My young self lept up in joy as i knew without a doubt it would be a wonderful and enjoyable video. As the page loaded i did not care what the title was or what it was about i just knew i would love every second of it.As the video played, my excitement and wonder was instantly captured as he swam through a cave with jellyfish, my mind noting the Sci-Fi, alien look of the models and enviroment.From that Fateful day, i knew i would one day play this game, once i had they money, and a decent PC.Fast forward to January of 2016 and this young lad had a quick search through his wishlist on steam and a game caught his eye. Subnautica.After work the one day our young diver sprinted to his local game store and acquired a Steam Wallet code. Speeding him he typed he code in with lightning speed and purchased a copy of subnautica. He was never seen again, it is assumed he drowned on an alien planet.Well if u have made it this far congrats, ur reward is my actual review.The game is well made and has increadible potential, unknownworlds has done an amzing job creating a world filled to the brim with wonderful (and terrifying) creatures (and hellish abominations [Reaper]) that i have spent hours reading about in game and on the wiki, squeezing ever ounce of lore and info out of. Honestly if UW continues to take their time and pour love and care into this game when it finally releases it will likely win tons of awards and be game of the year even if HL3 releases in the same year.Pros:Great worldWonderful CreaturesPrettyUnique designSound design is greatIncredibly funCons:Performance with the powernap update for me is a bit iffy, stutters even though i have a pretty good pc [16gb ddr3 ram, i5 4670k quad core 3.4ghz (oc 4ghz), gtx 970] however i assume if its on a SSD there would likely be no problem however it should still be noted and this issue will likely be fixed with later updates.Reaper Leviathan..... enough saidI used to be scared of the ocean, now i am terrified.420/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again."
76561198102691429,Recommended,264710,25060310,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,JJ Attwood,The best money you'll ever spend on a game.
76561198220494995,Recommended,264710,24292044,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ondramiketa,Best game ever.
76561198142709753,Recommended,264710,21144523,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,potato,"Scary, Fun, keeps you playing, etc. One word amazing 11/10"
76561198322974475,Not Recommended,264710,29106566,Posted: 7 January,all,valiethom06,Paid 19.99 and cannot play it.  The game keeps crashing.  Waste of money.
,Recommended,264710,31374707,Posted: 26 April,all,Aziz.25,10/10
,Recommended,264710,31425649,Posted: 28 April,all,proboy23,is Fokin dank
,Recommended,264710,31453942,Posted: 29 April,all,MasterFulgoris,"I love this game.  The developers are very active and push updates frequently. If you like underwater adventures, scifi and survival this game is for you."
76561198372608182,Recommended,264710,31454145,Posted: 29 April,all,numbers 123456789,sub is a god game but it has sumbugs in the game tay wil fics
76561198042708606,Recommended,264710,31442954,Posted: 29 April,all,starwheeler,Great game yae bug's but what game dosent?Just love it .
76561198180711065,Recommended,264710,31447169,Posted: 29 April,all,Payagas,:D
,Recommended,264710,28648664,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Eddy The Fallen,"I first purchased this game because I love building elaborate mazes out of my living quarters. Then I found the Leviathans. I was utterly terrified. This game went from a lovely ocean exploration game to a horror thriller where I can drown a horrible death being eaten alive by creepy♥♥♥♥♥ocean creatures. I had stopped playing for a while because I couldn't live long enough to fulfill my dream of Expert Base Builder. Then the Precursor update rolled out. I have found new meaning in life. I can travel between islands through the Stargates. The super weapon makes me wish I had something worth compensating. Then I saw hope on the horizon. Finally salvation! A ship is actually coming to sa...... Wait... No... NONONONONONONO!!!! I all of my hopes and dreams shot down in a massive explosion. I went to search the wreckage, but I was confronted with the crash site completely clean. The ship had been completely vaporized. As I cry to myself in my seamoth, I feel the vibrations of a leviathan attacking my ship. This is it. This is how I finally die. It has been a good run. As a good captain should, I will go down with my tiny ship. Farewell, Alterra. This is Lifepod 5 survivor, signing off."
76561198138279045,Recommended,264710,31263708,Posted: 20 April,all,ЯΛBBIƬƬIƬΛП,good gameif you run on a PC like minelower graphicsbut apart from datGREAT GAME 10/10But.........................................................................Reaper leviathan
76561198201302085,Recommended,264710,31535352,Posted: 3 May,all,Knight of Lethe,"Great game, runs smooth on an older single core laptop. Miss some of the things in the older version like deforming the enviroment but love all the new additions. The game looks beautiful but quickly becomes an intense survival game. Love this title!"
,Recommended,264710,31530821,Posted: 3 May,all,Abyss Watcher,"Very interesting, cool gameplay and excellent world"
76561198217231672,Recommended,264710,31531273,Posted: 3 May,all,Brok3n,Awesome game! Really well done and I can't wait to see more updates on it to make it even more amazing. THe soundtrack is scary but also so beautiful!! GREAT JOB <3!!!
76561198211852575,Recommended,264710,24116227,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MaceTheRhinosaur,"Hey, i just got the game and it is AMAZING! everything about it is awesome and the fact that it's not done just blows my mind. One thing that would be even better though is that if you guys, the developers, added a multiplayer option. That would really make it one of the best games on steam. Sorry if you recieve a lot of these types of reviews but i just had to. Also, i would recomend that in the first part, when you are putting out the fire, you make it so it goes out faster. The first time i played, i thought it was a glitch."
76561198097564103,Recommended,264710,15640627,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Wolfcub05,AMAZING GAME ITS SO FUN TO MESSAROUND IN and i recememend this game to get it out of early access and into the full verson
76561198202287236,Recommended,264710,23835753,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ZabrahBrosk1,This is a really ggod game but you do need decent equipemnt on your computer. I don't have a graphics card so I can't really play it with out alot of fram rate issues.
76561198141356078,Recommended,264710,14748852,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,CJB317,"awsome game ,the cyclops is amazing"
,Recommended,264710,15471653,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Allegrezza,"This game is wonderful, it perfectly captures the wonder, the beauty, and the butt-clenching terror of the open sea.  The sounds and atmosphere are amazing, and the creatures look like something if Doctor seuss and H. R. Giger collaberated.  There are so many times I was spellbound by all the colors, or terrified by the vast emptiness, to the point where I was jumping at shadows.  Not many games can make me experience such beauty or blind panic as this one can.  I loved playing it, I look forward to playing it again.Just one thing though, could you make it so if there is a landmass that goes above the water level, that we can walk onto it?"
,Recommended,264710,16076473,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,hello kitty,This game is great but a bit laggy tho
,Recommended,264710,16256269,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,i yearn for death,"+rep X 9999999999999999999great game with incredible gameplay, story and graphics. a great beta to be into and is finally aviliable on mac (experimental build)thanks for that btw.reccomend it to anyone"
76561198167787343,Recommended,264710,16330893,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sergeant,good game
,Recommended,264710,16271172,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Squishyzee,Visually Stunning. Great Concept. Scary at night. Reaper scares the sh!t out of you. 10/10 rating!
76561198096107078,Recommended,264710,16942074,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Hoodini,GREAT GAME just wondering if they are going to add multiplayer
76561198067839042,Recommended,264710,16985652,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Princess molestia,"Subnautica, A game were you chrash land on alien planet and your job is to survive. Its a good game if you like swiming and  having to look half an hour for one ♥♥♥♥ING ITEM, anyways its a good game if you got the time to play it or you get lucky. Also is not a finshed game but still has plenty to offer."
,Recommended,264710,17035703,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,SoundBoy264,Amazing game!!! Look's Great For Early Access!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And I have noticed minimal bugs!!!!!!!!!!! 999999999999999999999999999/10!!!!!!!!!! I Recomend this game!
76561198197090861,Recommended,264710,15896075,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,hagesaur,Awesome
76561198089913124,Recommended,264710,17095106,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,OloEpic,THIS IS THE MOST AMAZING GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED.0/10 IGN. (not really)
,Recommended,264710,17750039,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Matt,THIS IS AWSOME I REALLY HOPE YOU GUYS DO MORE UPDATES WITH MULTIPLAYER MAB ONEDAY
,Recommended,264710,17096585,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,..::GooBaLL60,This game won my heart over in a heartbeat (pun intended).10/10
,Recommended,264710,17582589,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,♥ Zedia,I would rate 9.2 (Too much water). Jk 100/10
76561198096630121,Recommended,264710,17592191,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Brussell,This game is absolutely amazing. The devs are really good at listening  to the community and are always updating. The fps is a bit of a problem i run a gtx 980 and there is a few drops but the game is so good you dont even notice when you are playing. I would definitely recommend to anyone who likes survival games.
76561198186945481,Recommended,264710,17370252,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,DampbunniesOFdoom,I loved the distant ocean experience of Subnautica and would recommend it to anyone.
,Recommended,264710,16929261,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,͡Juicee,10/10Would subnautica again
,Recommended,264710,19080194,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,A boi who won't be on a while,"This game is amazeing beyond comprehension. The way that they get certant creatchures to go well with the suroundings & the updates are amazeing. One way most peapole get to complain is ""OMFG WERE'S THE LUBRICENT U SKRUB DEVELIPORS."" And most peapole who play this are like that , Im kind like it sometimes , but I support this game. I HIGHLY suggest this game to mess around or just have fun."
76561198067879628,Recommended,264710,24114582,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,thepianohasbeendrinking,Listen to Radiohead's new album and play this game.
76561198055378735,Recommended,264710,24115962,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,DragonLord,"Really nice looking, a really nice sea survival game."
,Recommended,264710,24124360,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Biggu Dicku,"A bit rough around the edges but overall a great game.  The environments are beautiful, the situations are appropriately tense, and the progression is rewarding in a way that aids your ability to explore and gather resoruces rather than put you into a position of power.  Performance regularly takes a dip when loading a new chunk of the world (i5 4690k w/ GTX 970) but I can maintain 60 fps throughout.  The sheer scale of the game is probably its greatest asset.  When the realization sets in that the humongous cliff extending downards into a pitch black chasm next to your starting area is not a boundary but rather an area to venture forth into is when the true fun begins."
,Recommended,264710,24125906,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Antix5280,"I cannot recommend this game highly enough. It's been a long time since anything engrossed me so immediatey. The closest and poorest analogue I can provide is Minecraft, but that game doesn't really compare to the depth (no pun intended) and visual beauty of this game. I would absoutely recommend this game to any and all."
,Recommended,264710,24131663,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,CarToyz,"LIking the game a lot so far - started with Creative to learn things, now trying Survival."
,Recommended,264710,24136330,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Vic502,"Highly recommended game, even though it's Early Access, there's a lot of development going on with regular updates which adds a lot of content and mechanics to an already very polished (sandbox) game.PROs:- Beautiful GFX and SFX.- Great underwater world to explore, with a plethora of fauna and flora to see, admire, eat, or be eated by.- Great crafting & base building.- Option to go full-on survival with food needs etc. or just chill underwater and explore and build your base.- Very polished, and get's more shiny with each update.- It's underwater and it's got submersibles(!) and great big scary fish!CONs:- No story (yet?) Once everything is explored and built there's not much more to achieve (until the next big update, that is).Two thumbs up!  This scratched my inner The Abyss, Das Boot, Sphere and Man from Atlantis itch nicely."
76561198097523195,Recommended,264710,24137686,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,in4thekill,Well worth buying this at development stage.  Such a simle and most enjoyable game to play.  It's a pleasure to just take things at a leasurely pace in such a relaxing environment.  Get the frames rate right and stop the lagging and this game would be a lot better. 8/10 score for me.
76561198301198105,Recommended,264710,24138016,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,rlightning15,BUY IT!!! Just Do It! is best game in world probaly (:
76561198024998369,Recommended,264710,24140567,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,AngryLemon,"Subnautica is a game about surviving on a hostile ocean planet. For those of us with an abject fear of the deep, it is also a horror game. The world is equal parts beautiful and terrifying, displaying gorgeous graphics, exotic sea life, and surprise adrenaline injections. (Fear the Nope Rope!)The devs are wonderful. They listen to the community, take productive input into account, and release frequent updates. Even though this game is still in Early Access, it's a joy to play and feels fairly complete from a survival sandbox standpoint.10/10, would panic slightly after mistaking construction vehicle noises for Reaper Leviathans again.Edit: Still in EA, still full of gorgeous and/or chilling discoveries. Still playing it."
,Recommended,264710,24161025,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,treecast,this game is AMAZING!!! it's fun to build bases and explore however the way they could make it better is add multiplayer
76561198045762191,Recommended,264710,24166364,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,gaborone1,fantastic pass time so much to do
76561198170083185,Recommended,264710,24171886,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,skchen83,"This game is quite good but it does suck if you dont have a good computer, i also noticed that the med-kit fabricator in the escape pod glitches and some spawn outside the escape pod and float in the air."
76561198203293423,Recommended,264710,24186573,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Nordichelix,"This Game is amaing for those loving survival, free roam games. This game is very entertaining and since its in early access there is still alot more to come, i strongly reccomend for those looking for a interesting singleplayer survival, On a final note  as it is still in early access there are still a few bugs and FPS drops on occasion."
,Recommended,264710,24128933,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TheDoctorOfDeath,"Fantastically fun and amazing game, beautiful graphics and terrifying monsters in the deep"
76561198167660942,Recommended,264710,24131935,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ARM-V03,game is good but half of the main menu screen is missing
76561198038678778,Recommended,264710,24132517,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,rasn,"Never Been a fan of survival games, but saw a lot of people recomending it.And it was on sale so why not.Strarting up, looks good.Wanna see how far i can make it at my first go, so lets go hardcore first try.Thrown into the action as the Aurora crashes.Whoah, this looks good.Survives and climbs out of the survival pod.Wow, this is so beautiful.Time for my first dive.Literally stunned to silence as i see the beauty and diversity in the ocean, and this is just the start if the game.Swims around to touch, collect, and catch everything i see, it is that good.Suddenly the screen goes black.I drown..... On my first dive....The game was so beautiful and engaging that i forgot about survival completely.Now i can't stop playing, as i discover more and more, each biome just as beautiful and diverse as the previous ones.10/10 would drown on first dive again."
,Recommended,264710,24132669,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,brunkk,"One of the best games in EA and on survive genrePos:-Open World-Good optimization-A variety of things to craft and build-Always something to do or findNeg:-No Tutorial, a few tips to help but not much-A few bugs, but its normal on a EA game"
76561197984768368,Recommended,264710,24134291,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,andrewthesinger,"Fun, great exploratory elements, a great experience!"
,Recommended,264710,24170201,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Troll!,"i got no clue what im doing, i suddenly found the tool in the fabricator to build under-water town....build something, didnt really end as i wanted, but it really excites me every time i discover something new to do.I play in creative mode to learn at the moment. there's so much to discover, even in creative mode where i cant die, the creeps make me wanna get away. Really love the immersive atmosphere."
76561198060447799,Recommended,264710,24172056,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ansontknopp,Updates for mac verison? its months behind
,Recommended,264710,28248709,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,:)),Good book
76561198065692678,Recommended,264710,27959168,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dan,"A great game that has plenty of things to do to keep you interested. At the same time a game that can hardly run on an average computer. I've been getting around 30 to 40 FPS on average, I assume that a high end might get 45 to 60 if lucky."
76561198354102310,Recommended,264710,29452849,Posted: 23 January,all,Scards11,hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
76561198355561824,Recommended,264710,28810710,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,dont be haten,my computer is not letting me play subnautica and i have watched jacksepticeye play it and am really desperate and i have already payed for it but it keeps crashing can you please try and fix that and send me a email from gmail@owenplaysgames99@gmail.comtelling me that their is an update to the game thank you so mutch and by the way this is a great game keep adding updates please
76561198286024512,Recommended,264710,28709645,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,StiffLemur05,Too fun.
76561198255013320,Recommended,264710,29097154,Posted: 7 January,all,CowGaming101,"GREAT game, this is currently my favorite game. its only in very early access and it feels like a full game ^-^ my only wish is that it had co-op but devs say maybe not... anyway this game is super awesome and i reccomend it to anyone who likes jumpscares, being alone (lol), and great graphics!"
76561198118640813,Recommended,264710,29097268,Posted: 7 January,all,OilyOgres,"Right now I have 40 hours into this game, so I think i'll write a review. Subnautica overall is an amazing game. the graphics are beutiful, the music is amazing, the creatures and story are creative, and the world is immersive. the base building is simple, the crafting and upgrading system is polished, and the vehicles are very cool. I highly recommend this game for anybody who likes survival or exploration games. But if you do not like scary games, this game can get REALLY scary at times. The biggest creatures, reaper and sea dragon leviathan, look scary, huge, roar, and can one shot you. going down into the deep depths of the unknown can be very nervracking. This game is completely worth the money, and I'm surprised it doesn't cost more."
76561198273563271,Recommended,264710,29293439,Posted: 16 January,all,AFK,"very creative dev, different atmosphere than other survival games...really recommend this games....i really glad that i bought it"
,Not Recommended,264710,26687950,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Augi,"This game is kinda cool, but its much the same your doing over and over again, id say this is a 50/50 game its funny to play the first 15 hours but then it just gets kinda boring :("
,Recommended,264710,28726292,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,✪King Sebass,"If you're looking for a game that you can spend hours on without getting bored and a game where you like to explore, this is it. With constant updates adding new content and so much to explore, this is a 10/10 game."
,Not Recommended,264710,28417431,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Flyin' bullet,i dont understand why does the game overload its processer or whatever to quit its annoying
76561198087616620,Not Recommended,264710,28417542,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,InsanePiggy,Keeps crashing AMD drivers are crap in this game
76561198295893005,Recommended,264710,29215172,Posted: 12 January,all,heath6166,"fun, but my updates come really slowly:D"
76561197982309233,Recommended,264710,28959531,Posted: 2 January,all,theRealHanuman,"The game is set in a very convincing alien underwater environment, and I'm enjoying just being the survivor learning about my new environment, building up resources, making this my home.The early access label seems to only, or at least mostly, affect the ongoing story part of the game, and even though I'm enjoying that too, and looking forward to be able to fulfill my mission on this planet, this is not what is making me open the game the next day and the next day and the next - no, it's the environment, the experience of living underwater in this world.Granted, this world is a bit small once you have upgraded to the largest vessel, but it is so rich and so diverse.I hope I will be able to experience this game in VR, though I'm afraid it will make me loose even more sleep gaming."
76561198155241590,Recommended,264710,28960234,Posted: 2 January,all,PrismaticPurge,"Absolutely love this game :D Took a break for a few months, but with the most recent update there is a lot to do and it doesn't disappoint. There are of course some bugs to be worked out but overall I'd say it is worth the buy, especially if you like survival/sandboxy type games. <3"
76561198177314018,Recommended,264710,29387962,Posted: 20 January,all,Aspooky,Honestly the most fun single player game I have ever played. I love how the plot expands teasing you on and then something really unexpected happens. I love this game.!!!
76561198069568901,Recommended,264710,29418761,Posted: 22 January,all,Lokasolo,"One of the best favorite survival games,that I´ve ever played.Subnautica !A survival explore game. Your throwed out of your mothership Aurora, that somehow fall from the orbit.Your waking up in a  Life Pod. And your mission is to survive and find way to get out of this wet planet.Graphics are amazing, but optimalization is not that good.Sometimes you find some bugs. That you can report by pressing F8You can explore so much... its awesome to use scanner ( that you can craft) and scan almost everything you like.When your scan something you´ll get some description to it, I love it."
76561198059954244,Recommended,264710,26143881,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,KRIMINALAC,"This is the best survival game that i played. Gameplay is amaising! Graphics are sooo good. It is a bit scarry, but that is what it make it intresting! It is worth every cent!"
76561198161181409,Recommended,264710,25955040,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,sean.lieberman,can we get a new a really cool sub
,Recommended,264710,28959027,Posted: 2 January,all,mattmanporter,"When I was about to buy sub auto a a couple of years ago, (I don't have it anymore and I don't know why) I had underestimated it. The graphics were so good, the gameplay was fantastic. It ran super well and it had a good story behind it and a lot of mysteries about it. Long story short, it was a fantastic game."
76561198353226814,Recommended,264710,29305334,Posted: 16 January,all,Elitesniper88,I love subnautica exept when I tried to get out of one of my bases on an islnad I got glitched through the base floor.
76561198282920177,Recommended,264710,29326221,Posted: 17 January,all,momofbooman,BEST GAME EVER by these developers
76561198294553650,Recommended,264710,29347856,Posted: 18 January,all,DetailedTv,game is great
76561198352590925,Recommended,264710,28640644,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,agrimes,"AMAZING!!!! A great game, and a REAL CHALLENGE."
76561197964670861,Recommended,264710,28659049,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Waveman55,"This game rocks. Still in early access, and still improving, but definatly great enough to buy and enjoy now."
76561198180952599,Recommended,264710,28709323,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,lobosamuel21,very cool game with beautiful graphics
,Recommended,264710,28336625,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,phinox,it crashes when i try to laod but i have a hp pavillion laptop so that might be it
,Recommended,264710,30096675,Posted: 22 February,all,Quaker Oats Guy,gave me diabetes
76561198042776988,Recommended,264710,29113421,Posted: 8 January,all,LilMagician,"Pros:     Beautiful world with plenty to exploreAt times terrifying (if you have thalassophobia)A variety of flora and fauna to discoverAn interesting plotLots of gameplay such as base-building, crafting, exploring, and just stayin' aliveCons:   Bug-ridden. This is really the only con for me. I have just about every bug imaginable with this game, plus a few            crashes, despite being above the recommended specs. Awful FPS, falling through sea-bases/the Cyclops, wrecks not rendering properly, greyed out inventory, disappearing inventory, disappearing ocean, tools randoming turning black and not working, etc.Despite the bugs, I'd still recommend the game, as I believe (or hope) the developers will fix most of these eventually. You just need A LOT of patience - and frequent saving."
,Recommended,264710,29128862,Posted: 8 January,all,Autistic squirrel,Love the game but it would be much better if they added a multiplayer system soon
,Recommended,264710,29417915,Posted: 22 January,all,The Exploding Miner,This Is The Best Game I Have Ever Played Amazing Graphics Great Gameplay even with this early Build I Deffently Recommend!!!
76561198156428565,Not Recommended,264710,29278079,Posted: 15 January,all,DJ Wretched Kat,"The game looks sharp, and works well.   But the monotony will get you.    Exploring is hard, between preditors, drowning and starvation you will die a lot.    You will eventually break down and start googling to find out where the blueprints are located.   Then you will find them in the wrong order.   Having a cyclops before being able to charge the battery is frustrating and worthless.    There are few in-game hints to where important stuff is located.   This is basically No-Man's Sky underwater.   Pretty soon, everything feels the same.   You will get tired of spending hours finding nothing.    If they released a story line this would be a good game.   Something tells me they will end up charging more for that."
76561198171440666,Recommended,264710,28960607,Posted: 2 January,all,SolDroid,this is an amazing game. definentily worth the money. im excited for future updates! i was blown away when the sunbeam got shot down.
76561198275519785,Recommended,264710,28997524,Posted: 3 January,all,Duck Viruse,"I KEEP CRASHIN, CAN YOU PUT IN AN AUTOSAVE OPTION SO IT SAVES LIKE EVERY 5 MIN"
,Not Recommended,264710,27952087,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Phrmxs,game crashes everytime you try and play after newest update.
76561198057921075,Recommended,264710,29107374,Posted: 7 January,all,Kingjurassic,Great game please watch my gameplay on youtube at Kingjurassic
,Recommended,264710,22872532,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Pyro51,"Game much good! Game very goods! Much ocean! Much big scary animals wantings to kill mes. :'( Beautiful world!!! Beautiful story!!! (Y I no able to build base on tree biome leaves? :/) Very realistic! Very intricate backstory!!! MUCH WORTH MONIES!!! BUY IF YOU LIKE SURVIVAL!!! BUY IF YOU LIKE TECHNOLOGY!!! BUY IF YOU LIKE SCI-FI!!! BUY IF YOU LIKE STORY-BASED GAMES!!! BUY!!! MUCH GOODS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ME PLAY SO MUCH ME FORGETS ENGLISH!!! ME PLAYS MANY HOURS!!! HUNDREDS OF HOURS!!! GAME IS LOVE. GAME IS LIFE. GAME IS ALL. :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D(That was the silly review ^)But seriously, this is the best game I've ever played, and that's saying A LOT. It has a beautiful world, and, at first, I was worried it would all be underwater, but there are islands, too! There are many different entities in the game, and the story and setting was all thought out EXTREMELY well. There are plenty of plants, plenty of animals, and plenty of items. They continue to add better and better stuff every month, and, all I can say is... wow. I LOVE survival games, and this game is SO GOOD, it practically gave me an ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Not even joking. The way it all fits together is so perfect! It has a completely original story, yet it has a large survival aspect too, and those things are very hard to maintain together. But they did it. However, this game is not for the weak-hearted. There's no blood, gore, or jumpscares, however, this is one of the scariest games I have ever played. Perhaps because of the dark, vast, depths of blue beneath you, perhaps the fact that you know you have to face the unknown or die. Whatever it is, it definetly has to do with the unknown. The world of Subnautica all feels very foreign, as it should! Everything is so unique and different from here, on Earth. And the unknown is a scary thing. There's also the fact that, just like in life, no matter how big, rich, or badass you get, there IS something that can take you down. Don't worry, though, unless you're playing on hardcore, you won't loose everything when you die. If you die, you loose a few items. For the builders out there, there's Creative, too! The game has so many parts, and they all fit together SO BEAUTIFULLY!! It really is THE MOST AMAZING GAME I have EVER played."
76561198132473554,Recommended,264710,29721747,Posted: 5 February,all,MeatKleaver,"I do like this game first of all , but it needs some improvements. Although games that don't have a clear story are fun this one is kind of confusing. It may jst be me but I wish it could be a bit more clear. Everything else is good like the graphics etc.."
,Recommended,264710,17198783,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,xyzforgottenme,Yes. Updates. Colors. Non-Combat orientated. Difficult. Fun. The game is worth 20.00 bucks and it is not even 50% complete.
,Recommended,264710,27754257,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,tOp,this game is beautiful .. and worked on by a devoted team.
76561198126365210,Recommended,264710,29502634,Posted: 26 January,all,Weasel,Amazing game! In the future please add multiplayer game mode.
,Recommended,264710,29609338,Posted: 31 January,all,mloc,Australian Underwater Simulator
76561198330736238,Recommended,264710,28335410,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,GoldenFweddy,"This amazing game has captivated me in it's beauty and story. It can get a little troublesome at times, like trying to find a certian item or trying to find an area. But all in all, it's a game I would highly recemmend to anyone who likes survival with a great backstory to it."
,Recommended,264710,28246981,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Tarii da panna,Fun game if you don't mind getting asphyxiophobia after playing it.
,Recommended,264710,29452962,Posted: 23 January,all,{mls}camronspy3,WEll it is true this game is aaaaaammmmazing but its not reccomended you pay 20 dollars for a game that takes 5 hours to just find a moth it takes too long to get the cyclops and the engine fragmints take too long to look for and wtf why fragments you are in the future why cant you just build this and i dont see why we need fragments there to lame and take forever to find not to mention how for some reason the game crashes 24 diffrent times befor you even load a damn fish in and it is just horrible how they rob you of your money by makeing you buy a game that take to long and is counter productive in my opinion the game gets annoying beause it takes hours just to get a sea glide and takes to long to get any upgrades for the machines but in all fairness the game is fun and has high standerds in good thought I cant let this go as a small problem no its repetative im 15 and i love games with  platform thats well obstructed and and has new ideas but the bace logic has veary veary big holes like in the ship wreck why a reaper it would have died by radiation and or by the one fact that the ship is blow apart it would have died if its bye the arora. this is a grate game but dont buy it till the next update its horrible format so far PLEASE READ THIS its importan to know what your buying dont do it im say wait
76561197970818057,Recommended,264710,31043243,Posted: 9 April,all,The offical legend27,"I am writing this review becuase i really like this game becuase of the open-world and story.Plus all the idea's for sea creatures are incredible! I reccomend getting this game if you are a fan of the sea,open world games and story games."
,Recommended,264710,25462070,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Kp,Great game
76561198144954102,Recommended,264710,21417081,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Sans The Comic,I recommend this game because its so beautiful and also very popular!
,Recommended,264710,22347338,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Procket22,its very good but it crashes during saves -_-
,Recommended,264710,25173400,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Diesel Uterus,Really enjoyable experience. Makes No Mans Sky look really bad.... :/
,Not Recommended,264710,22208488,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Firecaster,It's what I call a grindy game. Like when you have to be constantly be doing the same exact thing over and over again to simply progress a few steps. Also unless you have a good computer you will experience alot of frame lag.
76561197988126617,Recommended,264710,24197598,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,FEAR,"So far, so good!"
76561198047725960,Recommended,264710,24211637,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Marsmillennium,The fish AI is better than COD.
76561198265409450,Recommended,264710,24235710,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Giannoumpas,amazing game good graphics and for an early access game it is very well made
,Recommended,264710,24227624,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Baggins53,Great game    Bugs Like this onehttp://steamcommunity.com/id/Hairygreatness2fgh6k/screenshot/263841416553987780at first when it happened i was in my base and everything was grey :p had to deconstruct base to get outi love just building my base (and failing :p  )   just the survival with a bit of luck and strategy makes this game and many of its competitors the best of the bunch      all in all a great game would recommend it to everyone slow PC or fast : )
,Recommended,264710,24228495,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,✮Shiffert✮,"It's good to see that Unkown Worlds actually care about their survival game enough to be consistently adding new and wonderful things to Subnautica. Subnautica has a tone for making underwater life look amazing, as with all the colors and brightness every creature and object sets, to make the world look alive."
76561198284569005,Recommended,264710,24187930,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,7thplanet,I got this game a few weeks ago and played around with it and it was a lot of fun. I totally recommend playing this game because it is so different and nothing like what i have ever played before.
76561198315897678,Recommended,264710,24206211,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TEMMEH,i like the gamplay animations everything but i dislike that the exo suit is not out but the exo suit upgrades are out and also i want the ark (useble aroura) the cyclops bay and multiplayer or campaing to be made... by marcus please make them for the next update please and thank you
76561198293963960,Recommended,264710,24213656,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,sourlemondrop42,When I saw that I could place a vending machine = :/11/10 I can now buy chips
,Recommended,264710,24214974,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Stradas,Best seafood buffet and seaworld simulator ever.
76561198186111207,Recommended,264710,24236851,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,dragonmastr2000,This game is so much fun can't wait for the full game
76561198007481729,Recommended,264710,28014421,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,deathstreason,After getting knocked out  in my frantic escape from the ship as i regained consciousnesse the very thing that nearly killed me keeps me from buring alive .I take a moment and climb to the top of the pod and see nothing for miles but blue ocean and smoldering remains   of what use to be my  home..... well  ***k and with perfect timing the AI spits out the odds of my survial  and fact  the ship   drives was going to explode. I try to remain calm and gage the situation i cant be only one alive i look to my left and i see another pod sunk directly underneath me. So i rush in without much thought there a impersive hole on the side of the pod  that was not done by the  crash something got in.....Great game so far still EA there some bugs and etc but all that expected.
,Recommended,264710,27732350,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pie Eater,The Best game of 2016 year!!!!!
76561198193068338,Not Recommended,264710,28511445,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,dean,"Obvious memory leaks or such with the latest Precursor update. Not playable now. Freeze, Crash, and other more specific issues.I really like this game, but it's gotten worse with the latest updates. Hopefully they will focus on stability and playability with the next update. Till then, I'm not wasting my time.Was in the top 10 of my list. Now it's in the trash bin."
76561198352743460,Recommended,264710,28657973,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Evil marty mcflop,giant sea monsters cool submarines spaceship GET THE GAME!!!!!!! :)
76561198296173696,Recommended,264710,28731348,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,silvawalker,Help the g.u.n. will not lode
,Recommended,264710,28297743,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,TwistedVIP,Brilliant game! Always enjoy opening this up and playing. You can choose to just relax a bit or go explore - having a damn heart attack from a reaper being behind you.
,Recommended,264710,28897250,Posted: 1 January,all,slippy,my heart died when i saw 3 reaper leviathan's in the dunes
,Recommended,264710,28882743,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,dannyss6,I really hope that they develop a multiplayer mode. At least develop a server thing would be awesome whole squad having bases
76561198127470890,Recommended,264710,29912382,Posted: 13 February,all,Bradley,"pros and consPros:> Great commutity and devs> Lots of things to do> no many bugs> no constant dying (I'm looking at you, Rust)> Lots of fish> Many itemsCons:> gets a little boring at times> only three vehicles> some crashingI give this game 9/10"
76561198068413793,Recommended,264710,29304749,Posted: 16 January,all,「Bringo Brongo」,"The ocean is scary, man."
76561198354248150,Not Recommended,264710,29304800,Posted: 16 January,all,Homestuck lover,"I downloaded this game thining it would be a blast, from what ive seen on youtube. Sadley i cant even get the game to start, much less play it. :("
76561198090901334,Not Recommended,264710,29310525,Posted: 16 January,all,I was meant to be smegma,this game is really good but the frame rate is abysmal no matter how good your gpu and cpu are frames will tank consistently this to me is the only issue with this game also i had my first crash about 4 hours in otherwise a great game ;(
,Recommended,264710,29326783,Posted: 17 January,all,Home Brand Cereal,This game has a really... DEEP story.
76561198313438788,Recommended,264710,31343418,Posted: 24 April,all,the great boss,just awesome!
,Recommended,264710,31477218,Posted: 30 April,all,reaprsmom89,10/10 love when I turn around to find teleporting genetically modified squid that insta kills me.
76561198039439520,Recommended,264710,31340307,Posted: 24 April,all,Master csgolive.com,"Hi GuysThis game is fantastic! Under water exploration, open world and (if you like being thrown into the DEEP END) no tutorial!It forces you to really explore and find out what you can interact with. The main action in the game is swimming and crafting. Awesome graphics and with night-and-day cycles, it just gets better.Build underwater bases and even vehicles so swim and explore in. And just as you seem to get a hold of the game and explore further...something else comes out of the deep...sometimes its just interesting flora...sometimes fauna..."
76561198093140597,Recommended,264710,31343352,Posted: 24 April,all,yorksea,"As a marine biologist who spent 10 years photographing the seafloor with underwater vehicles, I have to say, I am ridiculously impressed with the subnautica world.  The different habitat concepts are inspired.  I love coming back to the game every so often and finding new areas and creatures they have added.  This is my favorite game by far.  I recommend it to a lot of people as I think it really captures the thrill of discovery in the ocean.I was really surprised to see the developers use a real phenomena, a halocline, to their advantage in the acidic brine pools of the lost river cave system.  Seeing what looks like a water's surface while you are underwater is surreal but does happen in real life.  It has to do with the saltier water staying at the bottom because it is denser.  Anyone who has made layered shots before will get the density-layering concept.  B-52 anyone?Some creatures don't make sense for their zone such as the peeper being in shallow coral environment.  A huge eye like that would be too sensitive to the light unless they behaved like squirrelfish (nocturnal) and hung out in covered parts of the reef durning the day.  Say, in the coral tubes or something.  The ""oculus"" fish in the jelly shroom cave makes perfect sense.  I don't really care about these issues as the world and gameplay are so amazing."
76561198315524580,Recommended,264710,31340254,Posted: 24 April,all,NaJustDeadpool,"Subnautica is truly an amazing game in my opinion there is so much to do in, so much to explore. There are moments where you just look and the beautiful lighting of the creatures and the enviroment. IIT can scare the crap out of you to if you aren't paying attention lol."
,Recommended,264710,31338007,Posted: 24 April,all,GentlemanKIWI,realy fun to just swim around and gether stuffi play this with just some music in background and build a bigass base in like 2 hours
76561198249653104,Recommended,264710,31343194,Posted: 24 April,all,Sexy Simon,This game does a good job of not making everything feel like a grind. This could not end up being the case as I have only put 4 hours in so far.
76561198187759241,Recommended,264710,31477524,Posted: 30 April,all,Homer simson,This game is a must have for everybody.
76561198099357303,Recommended,264710,31475104,Posted: 30 April,all,Eagoth,"Ok so you can see I have 40 hours into this game. Everytime I go through a gameplay I leave the game for some time and come back after one or two patches where everytime it's better and better than before. The Devs really listen so never feel like your contribution doesn't count. It is a great game, aside from being a water-lover this game brings in everything I look for in survival games. Being in Early Access it still has many bugs and issues but they are hardly ever permanent and even some of the glitches give the game a sort of... flavor lol. and for 20$ this game more than worth it, if you're considering it just buy it, really."
,Recommended,264710,31338042,Posted: 24 April,all,Fassar,I realy like this game it has a finnished feel even if the story is not all there the landscaping is fantastic performance is good and i found only minor gameplay issues no bugs so a big thumbs up for the developers
76561198129351355,Recommended,264710,31342874,Posted: 24 April,all,Sweeper Bot,"So...where to start? Overall, I have enjoyed the game. Crafting at the start can be a bit slow as you may not know where everything is, but hey, it is a survival game; nothing is easy. The ocean environment is nice and the textures too. Creatures vary quite a bit and it can be scary if you are not in the safety of your cyclops or lifepod. They added a storyline which was good. I like the entries from the other lifepods, they can be quite entertaining too. I have noticed some glitches, like with the reaper moving through terrain, but the game is in early alpha and the glitches don't change the actual gameplay. I wish the game had multiplayer, but other than that I would suggest that anyone who is interested to get the game! ^-^"
,Recommended,264710,31474967,Posted: 30 April,all,hunterboles,"Its a fun game, but it needs to conect with other players and play together"
,Recommended,264710,21978456,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,kitsuphrenic,Total playtime 31 Hours.6 hoursexploring.15 hoursfarming.5 hoursbuilding seabase.5 hourstrying to create a straight row of solar panels for seabase.
,Recommended,264710,23017289,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,sluttyporn,"It is amazing, period."
,Recommended,264710,25179203,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Caleb,"Attempt #1Day 1: Figure out where I amDay 2: ""Don't Starve"" or dehydrate. Watch exploding ship.Day 3: Cheat in stuff to build a nice base.Day 4: Get killed 10 times, while trying to get crash powder.Day 5: Rage quit because I died 17 more times.Attempt #2Day 1: Get Titanium and Quartz...Day Something: Have an uber base, explored Aurora, lots of food and water from an island, win."
76561198197081733,Recommended,264710,23001296,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,#notmyrodrick,good game really like it
76561198271423967,Recommended,264710,24366826,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Pugin94,"I absolutely love this game. The atmosphere of the game and the beautiful graphics combined just make for such a delightful and also spooky experience. The ocean life and all of the different features just make this game so fun to play, and I always love coming back to it to check out new features and sometimes just to calm down."
76561198239819216,Recommended,264710,24147826,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,FluffyPenguin,hi
,Recommended,264710,24192520,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jrady,"Awesome game guys!  This may still be in early access but it's still worth picking up if you like survival games like Don't Starve, and Ark(haven't played Ark but I hear it's similar).  It's like those games except in the ocean of an alien world.  You get to build a base, and build subs and upgrade them.Pros:Awesome survival game, but you can play in creative mode too.Build a cool base.Build things that get you around faster like seaglide and subs.I'm thinking it's at least 30 hours of good gameplay, but the base building could keep you occupied for longer.Cons:It's still in early access and thus, still has a few bugs and isn't quite finished, but it's nothing that ruins the gameplay completely.  You cann still get through most of the game without too many problems.It's really hard to kill the bigger predator fish, so you're pretty much stuck with them being there and attacking you whenever you go to certain places.  You can get safer in subs, but some creatures can destroy them, and you still have to get out to scan and pick up things.Overall I would say the pros outweigh the cons, and you should definitely pick this game up.  I've already played 11 hours total, but only about 5-6 hours in my furthest playthrough.  I did lose a little bit of time due to a bug, but it's no big deal, because all I lost was a little bit of exploring in my sub, and now I will come back to a sub with more power left.  I enjoyed the game so far and haven't even scratched the surface, so try it you'll like it!"
76561198317503415,Recommended,264710,24203939,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kammy,"I've heard great things about this game and was really excited to try it, and I certainly wasn't dissapointed."
76561198081527940,Recommended,264710,24205801,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TheLastDictator,Its over all an amazing game. I recommend this game to anyone that like open world survival games. Ive been play for almost a month and i still am finding new things in the ocean. But the developers need to add a way to rename save files
76561198109752106,Recommended,264710,24218778,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DrMcPiggy,A very well thought out and fun game. The constant need for supplies is actually fun and doesn't seem like a grind. The products seem to fit the amount of work required. Although the game doesn't exactly have an end yet it is consistently being updated and improved. I Look forward to playing more!
,Recommended,264710,22046331,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,I Like Turtles!,For sure the best 20 $ i've ever spent! I have not found any bugs yet
76561198095938244,Recommended,264710,24071620,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The Crazy Frogs,This game is one of my favorite games because it biulds up a lot of sespence when you are exsploring the biomes of the world and the land is prity big and it feels like it has no end to the land. AKA I love this game to bits. The game is the best for me manly for the new updates coming too biuld up the sespence even more XD. I am in love :D :D :D :D :D :D
,Recommended,264710,24324833,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Recon3Y3z,hours of fun
76561197972197780,Not Recommended,264710,26394203,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Grazal,"I can say I love any game set under the big blue. This was the game I always thought I wanted however since finding out there will be no multiplayer included at all in any shape or form, the game has lost its wunderlust for me. I equate my issue to my experince of playing any sandbox or free exploration game...what is the point if I have no one to show what I found in my exploration. It is a great game in its own right but your world becomes a lot more lonely when you stop to look around and there is no one to share it with."
,Recommended,264710,20563426,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,☆VG☆Cheese Borg,is THE MOST COOLIST GAME EVER MY PIC IS A REAPER FROM THE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198084751250,Recommended,264710,14483161,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,sonic_spoon,Great game but you should add enemy divers.
76561198070170524,Recommended,264710,15468729,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,x-Auditore-x,"Love the game so far! All the ""animals"" are so cool! It has A LOT for an alpha.Would be so cool if they add co-op so you can build a SUPERZOMBIESAFE-BASE WITH YOUR FRIENDS!!!!!!!!!If you like eating acid mushrooms and and then seeing weird/♥♥♥♥edup animals... Then this is the game for you!Subnautica Developers:P.S.ADo drugs!Love the game :D"
76561198106556894,Recommended,264710,16101596,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Rodneyj43,hey um i recommend this game i love the game but after the crash site update it wont play and no its not my comeputer we opend it under admistrator uninstalled and reinstalled and my computer has all the System Requirements so i dont know what to do can i get a refund or something
,Recommended,264710,15795101,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Valadain,"So much fun, you'll punch your monitor. Seriously.I can't stop playing, even while being spawn camped by a giant fish with razor sharp... everything."
76561198093199919,Recommended,264710,15035176,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,МороЖКА,очень крутая игра только коператива добавить надо
,Recommended,264710,15151494,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,AgentChicken,"Amazing game for being such early in development! still some things to work from, like stupid people who break the fabricator in the pod and havnt got another one built. But my favourite part is the amazing range of underwater sealife, creatures and coral alike."
76561198072336696,Recommended,264710,14952701,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,[SNK]WANDA,"allow yourself to get immersed in this beautiful game. Big earphones, lights off, and no distractions it will blow your mind!"
,Recommended,264710,29831769,Posted: 10 February,all,Gispen,Best game I ever played!
76561198096110017,Recommended,264710,14968102,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Jop,Pros+quirky and uplifting art style+decent creature AI+fun to explore the world+undersea basesCons-Cyclops(a submarine) and the base parts take too much resources to complete
,Recommended,264710,21750583,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Red,"This game is one of the best EAG on Steam. Has a lot of replayability, hard to get bored if you know what you're doing. The gameplay is always challenging, even if played a lot. I would defenitely recomend it to anyone who likes survial games."
,Recommended,264710,29531498,Posted: 27 January,all,CSD4✔,........ /\_/\( ･ω･)＿|　⊃／(＿＿_／　└-(＿＿＿_／￣￣￣￣￣￣￣Is Subnautica out of early access yet? Nope.＜⌒／ヽ-､_＿_／＜_/＿＿＿＿／ Back to sleep.
,Recommended,264710,15900871,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,-[Picky]- Matt2_T,"Brilliant open world survival game, fantastic graphics and dedicated developers, heavily reccomended, well worth the money."
,Recommended,264710,16987870,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Drago,"Its smooth, clear and fun but add some co-op so that my friends and I can play together."
,Recommended,264710,19538189,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,RegularWildKat,It is like minecraft underwater without blocks.  5/5 from me
,Recommended,264710,19540116,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,shelob14,you can beON FIRE...UNDER WATER.....IN SPACE10/10 GOTY
76561198119339050,Recommended,264710,18971847,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Chicken of the Urinal,"Great art style, it gives you the chills. They should add a multiplayer addition to this game, but I think the reason they are holding off on that is to keep it more adventurous."
,Recommended,264710,20776604,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,...,👦🏿🔫👮🏻
,Recommended,264710,18296263,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,The Commander,Where has this game been all my life?!?! This has got to be one of the most briliant amazing uber awesome games I ever played. I love that you explore the seas of an alien planet and build an amazing base along with customisable ships. Defo a must have game. 99/10
,Recommended,264710,23012903,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Starcatraz,"Early Access Game.I love it, ya know why? More Content coming.ADD MULTIPLAYER PLZ"
76561198039242658,Recommended,264710,29134078,Posted: 8 January,all,The AI [TSA 112],I must say this is one of the most hardest thing to update on my steam
76561198046678942,Recommended,264710,25082624,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,YoungHOF,fire
76561198097314600,Recommended,264710,24626989,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Atton Raynor,needs co-op otherwise its amazing
76561198177339607,Recommended,264710,18699994,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,carlosatrt,"Grate game, has a big future, cant wait for the next update when theres allready another one to be exited for."
,Recommended,264710,21827095,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Billy Butt-Bitch,SpawnedBuilt a BaseBuilt a SeamothMade a Rad suitWent to AuroraBig Fecker attacked meIt stole my SeamothI was alone and naked in middle of oceanI criedSavedQuit10/10 would be naked in ocean again
,Recommended,264710,31794828,Posted: 16 May,all,bobink7,GOOD.  GAME.
76561198079560407,Recommended,264710,31795684,Posted: 16 May,all,xanderama25,this game is amazing i  was amazed when i played it
76561198087321043,Recommended,264710,31868289,Posted: 20 May,all,𝓴𝓲𝓷𝓰𝓬𝓭𝓰,"For a pre alpha WIP game it is not bad at all, love the game and the story but i got glitched in the aurora and accidently saved because im an idiot and was so lucky to get out of there. Good game, ok graphics but would be better if i could use it to go to 1920 x 1080 on resolution but it resets if i try. Pretty laggy when maxing this game out on graphics and i have an insanely good PC. I give this game a thumbs up because it shoots starbound in the face, slams down DST and destroys the forest. Good game."
76561198133540899,Recommended,264710,31880304,Posted: 21 May,all,Miss Marvin,Yes.
,Recommended,264710,23816700,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,APRman1,"This game is amazing. The graphics are beautiful, the idea is both exciting and horrifying, and the construction is extremely entertaining! 10/10 Would recommend!"
76561198060575670,Recommended,264710,31752496,Posted: 14 May,all,✞Diccy ✞,Welcome to Subnautica a game where you salvage stuff in the ocean and wait to be rescued. But when your rescue finally arrives it gets blown up and your stuck on the alien planet where fish want to kill you. The game is fun but repetitive building up your base feels pointless to me if theirs no goal. I just wander the sea alone it would be fun if they added Multiplayer to the game. But this is an alpha game so we shall wait and see but until then im very lonely.
76561198319586480,Recommended,264710,29178189,Posted: 10 January,all,D!mitris,Subnautica keeps on crashing but I can play a game pretty same to it. Any solution?
,Recommended,264710,30837127,Posted: 30 March,all,jamesdeal1982,What can I say about this game? It's a perfectly beautiful horror game.I enjoyed this game as much as Ark if not more. And that's saying a lot for me. The only reason I played Ark longer is the amount of content it has over Subnautica. Give Subnautica some time and it could become one of the top three Survival games of all time. It's definitely worth a buy right now.
,Recommended,264710,31945200,Posted: 24 May,all,K3JamesD,Good game. Something new to try.
,Recommended,264710,28688513,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,go easy on me :*,swam into an escape pod underwaterlooked behind me and saw a fishseaglided all the way back to my escape pod screaming
,Recommended,264710,16277016,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Graggne,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥gay, YEET!"
,Recommended,264710,17468231,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,WoahNiceGraphics,its good
,Recommended,264710,22053485,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,RikkiBesti,"Subnautica Review:March 2016:First Subnautica Review and i might seem a bit harsh but don´t get me wrong this game has hugh amount of potential,As of now it is hard to really recommend it but i won´t not recommend it, the main issue is that there isn´t much to do and the game is in need of alot of polish i mean you can´t name your saves you can´t quit to the main menu once in a game (coming soon) and it lacks real graphics options and not to mention loading takes forever! there is so much pop-in that can get so frustarting!!! yet i still enjoy the game somewhat in it current state.. you need a pretty good pc to run it at highest and at 60fps but expect everything i just said to get ironed out in the coming months as the game is supposed to ''release'' in August or as they call it Launch 1.0.expect this game to become way more enjoyable in the coming months but as of now it is hard to recommend unless you are 100% confident this game will be great once it has most feature and things ironed out!March Rating: 6/10April 2016:Oculus Update has arrived and has it made the game alot better? NO it hasn´t but it has made it a bit more friendly. friendly? what the ♥♥♥♥? allow me to explain... it removes the annoying launcher in the beginning and the menus are alot more fleshed out! you can now change your graphics settings in-game which is good tho they are still very basic... no texture or shadows settings yet... also still cant quit to main menu... yeah... overall it doesn´t improve the game alot but makes it more customer friendlyApril Rating: 6.5/10May 2016:Best Update yet! the game just got alot better with the latest and best update i have seen for this game since i bought it! adds alot of cool new additions and makes the game overall alot more enjoyable! still lacking some basic features but i know things are coming together for the game. June seems to be a cool update but it is July which i am looking most forward to!May Rating: 7.5/10June 2016:I always thought to myself.... why on earth doesn´t this game have sleep!!! it is a survival game but it does more than just that! for one Solar Panels get a new look and it is pretty cool. And the Gasopods are actually useful now! yes finally the just don´t swim around being there you can now collect the gas as weird as that sounds it is actually really useful, you can upgrade your seamoth where you can craft a gas torpedo! YES!!! I AM NOT JOKING!!!! a gas torpedo how frickin awesome!!!!!!!! also Sea Treaders dont know if they are new, if they arent then they have a new use in the game. They drop rocks that can be broken apart for resources. this is description.''Potentially the most useful creature addition to Subnautica, Sea Treaders provide a multitude of resources. These creatures spawn rocks that can be broken apart for resources. We're still working on the exact formula regarding what resources and how often, but it's safe to say that you'll want to locate these from time to time. Alternatively, you can pick up their poop for bio reactor fuel. The graceful giants of Subnautica do more than walk around magestically''So there you have it! it did alot more then just allow you to sleep, maybe one of my favourite updates yet, next on the schedule is the polish update which i think alot of people are looking forward to for one reason! making the game more accesible and alot more stable! and it should fix the awful pop-in!! that´s all for me today, come back to see my review of the ''Polish Update'' in July!June Rating: 7,5July 2016this was only a micro update didn´t do much for the game!July Rating 7,5August 2016The Prawn Update!OMG!!! Yes this update has this game so much more fun! here is some of the new stuff in the update!Prawn Suit addedPrawn Suit Drill ArmPrawn Suit Grappling ArmPrawn Suit Jump Jet UpgradePrawn Suit Propulsion CannonPrawn Suit Thermal ReactorPrawn Suit Torpedo ArmLava Larva addedLava Lizard addedAurora expandedCrashfish eggs addedSprint ability addedCyclops cameras now have lights.This also finally adds a feature i have been waiting for! Quit to main menu!! yes finally!!. other then all this i do still get the pop-in, but considering how much this game has improved since i bought it i can´t do much but applaud the developers! this game will be amazing once out of ''Early Access''August Rating 8,0Sept. Coming Soon"
,Recommended,264710,22801473,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Old fashioned dial-up,"I love it. Everyone has a different tastse, but I love it.Edit-150 more hours in and numerous builds and I have to continue to recommend this game. I've only gone in to two early access games and those are Kerbal, and this. I regret neither and recommend both.Buy this game."
,Recommended,264710,22806220,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Maple,I can see my feet
,Recommended,264710,22800753,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,ReevyMods,Really fun game :D
,Recommended,264710,19860826,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,tueman,Strongly recommend. This is one the few precious Early Access games where the devs pull through and actually work on the game.
76561198192985722,Recommended,264710,18026205,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,JasonBlundellF0G,:)
,Not Recommended,264710,26465447,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Ender-Ares,subnautica will not load for me and i have checked to see if this was a common problem and it was but for alot of people it fixed after about 30 min but for me a waited much longer so can someone please help me?EDIT:i dont think it will ever load and a request a refund because you see that 2.4 hours of gameplay up there well thats not really true that just 2.4 hours of waiting for the game to load so if the devs ever see this i want a refund
76561198204961579,Recommended,264710,31452952,Posted: 29 April,all,miniharro06,fun game i havent played it much cose my pc wont run it also can iwish it was multiplayer cose i would love to play it with my friend
76561198231206712,Recommended,264710,21507727,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,P.E.K.K.A.68,i bought the for it to not work
76561198273036105,Recommended,264710,21509660,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,the gameing melon,it is awesome
76561198267165562,Recommended,264710,21520072,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Jack,I liek teh f is heses
76561198096307005,Recommended,264710,31003333,Posted: 7 April,all,Ninjaz csgolive.com,"The game is good, ok? Its super cool and fun to explore for others who whant the game i realy recomend it its fun and sometimes even hard. But for you how whants multiplayer versoin i am said to say that the developers has denied everone who asked. If they added coop i think thay would make twice the sales on the game. The game still has a lot of bugs so if you buy REMEMBER save the game A LOT the game has frequently crashed on me after i played for 2-3 hours."
,Recommended,264710,15654212,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Apex Motorsport,"This game is AWESOME! There's nothing more terifying then being near crush-depth in your submarine when a loud roar breaks out and causes the entire sub to vibrate all around you!I have experienced a bug or download error that causes all textures to look extremely poor, reguardless of graphics quality selected, but it's early access right? Another more fun bug is pushing the vehicle constructor into a strong current, then climbing on and being launched across the map! :D"
76561198112269714,Recommended,264710,31293814,Posted: 22 April,all,♔ Palpatine ♔,"the amount of attention and effort the devs have displayed is astounding. I play other games where the devs are considered ""committed"" or ""involved"" but none of them do it at the pace these devs manage. 10/10 cant wait for the next update"
76561198189730890,Recommended,264710,32278954,Posted: 8 June,all,c8sabol,best geme i have ever played
,Not Recommended,264710,28879980,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,sweetwindexman,"To be honest, It's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.They try so so hard. It tries so hard.To be realistic, to be fun, to be complete.But it is far, far from any of these things.In the worst ways.Buy it. Watch. I'll give you 50 hours.I uninstalled it 3 seperate times for many reasons i will not cover because in the end this review wont f5cking matter.All of you cucks are gonna buy the game anyway because ""durrr its pretty. SURVIVAL KNIFE HURRRRRR MOBILE SUIT PRAWN""Since im roasting it anyway EVERYTHING about the game couldve been done better.It's lazy. It's sloppy and its outright dissapointing after your first 3 hours.For example: They added f5cking COFFEE MACHINES before even TRYING to fix Clipping issues, Render issues and Physics issues.I watched an electric eel clip up the the surface of the shallow waters to hunt some fish and clip back down to its natural biome.I've gotten into a cyclops and had it ♥♥♥♥ing go flying into the air like my presence in the ship was too much physics for it to handle.The Dive Reel was a promising and cool feature, but it didnt work, and instead of f5cking FIXING IT they removed it.They skinned the gravsphere while leaving hitboxes on the cave crawlers to be God awful.Get your ♥♥♥♥ing priorities straight.Im getting sick of all these f5cking alphas too.COMPLETE YOUR GAMES BEFORE RELEASE YOU F5CKING CUCKS.Fantastic Idea,♥♥♥♥♥♥Poor execution.♥♥♥♥♥♥Poor.DLC doesnt make a money grab. Sword skins and mission packs dont make a game a money grab.4 $5 characters in a $40 game aren't bad either. (SC2)But this? This is a ♥♥♥♥ing atrocious money grab and it doesnt feel like the devs heart went into it one bit.The very definition of a money grab.Fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game before releasing coffee machines and stupid ♥♥♥♥ing half built places./Rant♥♥♥♥ your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ opinions."
76561197982499101,Recommended,264710,31383772,Posted: 26 April,all,SANIC,AHHHHHH WHAT THE HELL IS THAT THING???????
,Recommended,264710,32382735,Posted: 13 June,all,Mr. Creeper,subnautica is great but I think it should have multiplayer
76561198125218698,Recommended,264710,32384679,Posted: 13 June,all,GamerLunaFTW,Very fun. Creative for those who don't want something too hard. Survival is fun and can be chalanging!8/10Only downside is no multiplayer and I think there should be.
76561198212767431,Recommended,264710,31248542,Posted: 19 April,all,oheath789,if you like survival sandbox games this is for you
76561198000293871,Not Recommended,264710,30754936,Posted: 26 March,all,Mr. Hat-and-Clogs,"I've noticed this trend that Steam is filled with Early Access survival games, but wanted to try this one because it seemed fun. Though I seriously wonder how anyone can play this game in its current state let alone enjoy it. It's riddled with constant crashes, random frame rate drops and loads for literally minutes. My pc could easily handle it IF it decided to run.It's just not fun restarting the whole game to play for 5 minutes, because that's as long as it can keep up."
,Not Recommended,264710,26441100,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Atlas1205,"Why exactly so many people think this pacifist piece of crap is worth the time, really falls beyond me. SJW much, just like the devs who made this garbage?The toxic community is really eye-opening as well. Hell, look at how fanboys and fangirls have spammed ""not helpful"" at the negative reviews for this game, despite the game clearly has performance issues for many people (not me, though.)"
76561198059687049,Recommended,264710,17503171,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,habbsy1,love this game
76561198100024387,Recommended,264710,23937263,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Messier,♥♥♥♥♥your-pants level fear simulator.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again.
76561198081602621,Recommended,264710,31800385,Posted: 17 May,all,Jim Barnesly,Absolutely terrifying.
76561198088552905,Recommended,264710,28281888,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Skipper_Penguin,It is a pretty good game beautiful and it is so scary in the kelp forest
76561198253562814,Recommended,264710,32332746,Posted: 10 June,all,MtDFlive,"Subnautica is awsome, though it is helpful to read the minimm requirements. I made this misteak and it will not load properly and is very laggy even if you are almost to the minimum. The game is amazing beside that and I enjoy it. Recomended!P.S.- The infected update is AWSOME!"
76561198055458165,Recommended,264710,32333942,Posted: 10 June,all,StunninStylez,this is the best game ever im in love with it <33333
,Recommended,264710,25178569,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MekalBoy,This is one of the best games i have ever played. I really enjoyed the narative and scenery!Hopefully the game will include multiplayer sometime! :)
76561198611898915,Recommended,264710,32349262,Posted: 11 June,all,donaldhoh,"GET THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥DONE!!! I LOST THIRTEEN HOURS OFF MY SAVESTATE!!! I didn't lose it all it just reverted back to about half of what i had into it, so i deleted the save file and i refuse to play this buggy, ""game thats taking longer than diabo 3 to finish"" ♥♥♥♥♥game.  I will never be subject to the early access disappointment ever again.  I love this game but SERIOUISLY FINISH THIS SHTI!!!"
,Recommended,264710,28480190,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,shronk,"Great game, great concept, great gameplay, it's all great, but it'll be even greater once I get a graphics card! Then it will be super great"
76561197961261827,Recommended,264710,25881633,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Eat My Grass,"An absolutely amazing game.  Encases you in dread, amazement, terror, and suspense every step of the way.  AMAZING soundtrack (blood kelp forest - WOW).  Explore the planet to find what happened to your crew.  Research flora/fauna and discover their secrets.  Explore underwater caves a mile deep.  Discover different biomes, coral reefs, and wrecks.   Find new tech and materials to develop tools & vehicles, enabling you to delve farther and deeper.  And deeper.  And deeper..."
76561198258268571,Recommended,264710,28966995,Posted: 2 January,all,Doughnut,This is a early access game (as posting) that has A LOT OF POTENTIAL! Even now I am blown away by the new ideas and things that are being added. I highly recommend this game for anyone!
76561198178120774,Recommended,264710,22444077,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Rαʊεηh⊙lт,"Great graphics, fun game play, amazing crafting and material farming system. Endless fun and a all around great game to play. *10/10 Great game!"
,Recommended,264710,17511484,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Cwan,Please add vive controller support!!
76561198113958443,Recommended,264710,23421385,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Freezacan,Really good game but WHY THE HELL ARE YOU WAITING AT LEAST A YEAR JUST TO ADD SOME FORM OF MULTIPLAYER?!
76561198089513224,Recommended,264710,18233626,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Knightmare,"Great game, good graphics.. if u love to explore and build ur own base its worth it.."
,Recommended,264710,18237096,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,mmigas100,Very good game :D
,Recommended,264710,18239009,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Memez_R_Dreamz,its fun
,Recommended,264710,24041859,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,RainbowFishy㋡™ | csgokingdom,I love the idea of a futuristic version of Lost. The game is really good and I love it!
76561198118892635,Recommended,264710,29098383,Posted: 7 January,all,YummiestChief00,meh
,Recommended,264710,23757497,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Z. Longstockings,"Very good in my opionon, theres so much freedom to do what i like."
,Recommended,264710,22331559,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,[DFS] that bad player you hate,i rate this game 7 seas out of 7.
,Recommended,264710,25106442,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,[V] Cabbage,"A well thought out game and has a lot of potential. *Will Edit and add more, just proofing what I am writing*"
,Not Recommended,264710,29351375,Posted: 18 January,all,Neosage,"Not recommending because I bought this game for VR and alot of people are complaining about the motion sickness. Not a good feeling, so far no other VR games gave me this feeling yet, I believe they should remove wobbling vision for VR users or make it mroe static or stable.Otherwise, the game is breathtaking. Review will change when motion sickness is no longer felt, I know it can be done."
76561198145794304,Recommended,264710,26610504,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Nut Nut in The Butt,I love everything about this game even the bugs. xD I hope soon there will be co-op and workshop.<3
,Recommended,264710,33566895,Posted: 15 July,all,Noxy,"I have to say I was never kinda guy who play survival RUST like games. But this one, damn you developers despite it's not finished there is a lot of story, the music, gameplay with all the crafting and a lot of scary moments. Makes this game one of the best i'v played so far. Can't stop exploring the underwater. Just buy and feel the magic of Subnautica"
76561198073924293,Recommended,264710,33552427,Posted: 14 July,all,kevin,please add multiplayer please
,Recommended,264710,33558846,Posted: 15 July,all,Zed from Dota 2,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥but apart from that a solid survival game (except for finding these goddamn mother♥♥♥♥ing blueprints holy♥♥♥♥♥♥thats so ♥♥♥♥ing annoying). 7.8/10
76561198102324545,Recommended,264710,17420722,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,A Cup Of Juice,great game love it but for me mabey its just me but it wont give me the option to get the seamoth only the cyclops. Again love this game.
76561197983852775,Recommended,264710,25623765,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,AshVenom,Wide as an Ocean and Deep as one.
,Recommended,264710,25628776,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Spooky Meawk tc,Fish fish fish fish fish.
76561198276098868,Recommended,264710,25624457,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,deta1L,"If this game was a spoon , it would be a good spoon. 32.4/10"
76561198295890073,Recommended,264710,23373488,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Sprinkles,I liek it.
76561198180646069,Recommended,264710,25625111,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Haguinaros,good game
,Recommended,264710,20379485,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Lifndor,gud
76561198271989251,Recommended,264710,31237149,Posted: 19 April,all,TheBaconFrier,"This game is AMAZING, even if it's still in early development!!! 13.7/10"
76561198372512502,Recommended,264710,31237240,Posted: 19 April,all,NINZA,jack scared of warpers LOL
76561198171890281,Recommended,264710,31237432,Posted: 19 April,all,Monkeyboxman,This is a very fun game with a whole bunch of things to explore! I like how the developers are still updating this game and are putting more story and more things to explore. I highly recommend you buy this game you won't regret it.
,Recommended,264710,17282213,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Poicly,good good good awesome GAMMMMMEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,264710,16440193,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Tim,Underwater minecraft with nopes and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 would would get a heart attack again.
,Recommended,264710,26753499,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,abused by cardboard,Simply stunning. All of the negatives can be attributed to it being early access. £15 is too cheap for this game. Buy it. Minecraft is trash in comparison.
76561198236007868,Recommended,264710,21907782,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Redrix745,This is a very Boss game i have followes this game sinsce it came out and there is alot already in the game it is awesome one thing i would like for them to add is co op that would bring out this game further and people need to try it begore saying it looks crapy it is a beutiful game and thrilling i hope they make it that way and continue it!
,Recommended,264710,21086327,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Helloman,"If your like me and reading this, then your probably trying to decide what survival game to get.Well let me help you out here. I have played most of the survival games on steam and i can tell you now that Subnautica in comparison comes first.This is not some random claim trust me. If were talking just gameplay then honestly i would say get Rust - BUT that is only because of the multiplayer that it has.Looking at how small in comparison the dev team of Subnautica are to other early-access survival games then its amazing what they have done. And if you check out their website you can see the ideas and work they are constantly adding to the game.In this sense this game is better than most, you buy a survival game with a immersive environment, a twist on the crafting system that forces you to work your way back up the food chain to explore further. And then the creatures!The creatures are what really take your breath away, just check out many youtubers playing this game and let their responses help guide your decision. They dont play any other survival game because they're not as unique, beautifull and constantly entertaining as SubnauticaIN CONLUSION:The game needs an eventual procedually generated world like minecrafts and bigger deadly monsters and once a finalised story is added i expect a further boom in sales.You wont regret this game, i assure you!"
76561198181712525,Recommended,264710,31191291,Posted: 16 April,all,Smirnoff666,"Love the game, but it would be nice if resources stacked to some extent...like in things of 10 or so.."
,Recommended,264710,25322351,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Toxic ion,Just awsome!9/10
,Recommended,264710,25325448,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,siwat2545,Very good
,Recommended,264710,33503441,Posted: 13 July,all,InnerPeace69!,Shap
,Recommended,264710,21959014,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Zyzzx223,"I thought I would sit down and play for maybe an hour or so when I first started playing this... I wound up playing 4 without even noticing. For an early release game... Wow! Amazing!And for me it was actually surprisingly scary at times. There is something so inately terrifying about the deep ocean, and this game really takes that to the next level. I would reccomend this to everyone."
