user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,265000,22129778,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"Forced showdown is a twinstick shooter rogue-like card game. Thats obviously a lot of descriptors, so the worry would be does it handle those things well. I would say yes, but it does have its problems. The core gameplay is very fun, at least with the 'main' character and the bow and arrow guy. The other two characters, in my opinion, aren't as fun to play with. They are, at least early on, difficult to play as because the game rewards a conservative playstyle and the two melee characters aren't really conservative at all.So, the game is like an arena TV show. Your working towards the final boss and you have cameras following you around during every arena. You fight enemies, then you reach a boss. Two bosses, you fight a boss that opens a door. Do that a few times and you beat a show. Sounds like a lot, and it is. You'll probably die. Winning a run isn't easy. You have to be good/lucky, and just hope you survive and get the right cards.Cards. So, you have a pre built deck and you can also build a deck out of cards you earn by earning gold, and spinning for them. The card building has a super Hearthstone vibe, but there are very few cards that reach that level of complexity, most cards are very very simple. +80 health, +45% damage. There are more interesting cards but these passive upgrades are what I usually build my deck around, because its a guarenteed upgrade unlike spells and consumables which usually have some condition.This game, at least in the beta build I played, has some issues. It runs kinda like crap, it lags frequently at the end of battles and I had it crash on me once. Luckily, it doesn't often lag during a big fight, although it can happen. I hope there is a day one patch that fixes this, and if there is I will update. I also have an issue, but its probably just preference, where the games kinda last a long time. It can take 90 minutes to get to the end of a run, and then you just lose. Luckily there are quests and you get gold for cards so its not like you just got nothing, but doing a 90 minute run and losing can be upsetting. I would have preferred if a run was a bit shorter and not as drawn out.I discovered this game on twitch, and because of twitch the game will launch with a 12% discount(I'll get a higher one for getting a beta key). I would definitely recommend it at its base price if the idea of a twin-stick roguelite card game appeals to you. It definitely appeals to me. The game handles deck building, twin-stick shooting and its rogue-like elements very well.Buy At Full Price"
,Recommended,265000,22233033,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Michæl,"*What is Forced Showdown?*Forced Showdown is a strategic top down, twin stick, rouge-like shooter with card elements. Gameplay closely resembles Gauntlet, or a much differently themed Binding of Isaac. It feels fluid and fast paced. The rouge-like strategy comes in the form of the in game card system. You will feel right at home if you ever played Hearthstone or Magic the Gathering. If you haven't its not incredibly complicated, but provides many options and strategies. Now, BetaDwarf delivers a game which blends a in-depth card game and an easy to pick up but difficult to master rouge-like twin stick shooter.*What do I think of Forced Showdown?*I love this game! I have played many hours of The Binding of Isaac, Terraria, Ziggarut, Rouge Legacy, RIsk of Rain and other rouge-likes you probably havent heard of. I have to say this game is among my favorites and its brand new. If the in-game season mode is implemented correctly I have no doubts this will be my favorite!*Why do you like this game?*Mainly, the card deck customization is so great because it makes this rouge-like feel more like its in my control instead of ""I hope I grab the right items so I can play the way I want"". Getting new cards is not as grindy as Hearthstone and is paced excellently. This way, the replayablility, theory crafing and experiences are all fresh every time. Next, this game is challenging, but not unfair. This is a very hard thing to get right in a game and Forced Showdown delivers. Most rougelikes become very easy for me once I learn the mechanics, this game tests me at every step. Of course, none of this would matter if the gameplay wasnt fun or interesting, its great.*Any problems with the game?*I havent had any issues at all with this game since I bought it and put about 15 hours into so far (very strong by todays releases). The game has some slowdown in between rounds (1-2 seconds), but it never effects the actual gameplay.*Other thoughts?*If you like any of these games I would seriously consider at least trying this game:The Binding of IsaacHearthstoneMagic the GatheringThe Diablo FranchisePath of ExileGauntletRouge Legacy*Overall*Fun: 9/10 - I have a great time playing through, learning, and playing different styles.Presentation 9/10 - Hits the game show theme, graphics are servicable.Mechanics 9/10 - Game flat out nails combat and the card system. Game isnt bare but would love more content.Replayability 9.5/10 - With the new cards you earn, new ways to play. Keeps me coming back.Reliabilty 9/10 - Game doesn't crash, haven't seen any bugs. Though, I have a monster computer and it stutters when rounds are over."
,Recommended,265000,31624424,Posted: 8 May,all,hotmatrixx,"My observations;""Bullet Hell Brawling""I hate bullet hell. this isn't bullet hell. it's good - all enemy attacks are avoidable, there is almost always an escape, or somewhere to go if you play well.""Roguelike/Roguelite""Mostly Roguelike. As you play (and win arenas) you unlock coins that unlock cards; its a little bit RNG what you can get. It's 'truely' roguelike in that when you die, you start at level 1, no special permanent unlocks that give you any advantage over your first run (OK you might get an extra card or two here and there - and a different pet to assist you, but they are not really game changers) -The Card system;Cards add abilities / skills (think of them as items that make you stronger like in moba's). You can build a deck of 30 cards, once you've used a card in game, it's no longer available to reuse for that arena (aka until you beat a boss - this is esecially important when considering when to use healing cards).Side note; each arena goes like this; Area1: 1 mana to spend. Area 2: 2 mana, area 3.... etc etc. if you don't spend it, at the start of the round, you lose it, you can't save it for the next round. use it or lose it.The Unlocks System.Fortune uses gold won (collect gold during 9 arenas, beat the miniboss to keep the gold, spend the gold on Wheel of fortune spins to win cards), doubleups can be interesting, in the unlock system. but triples go toward a gem currency which guarantee unlocks of new / unique cards. So you will unlock everything, eventually. You can also unlock helpers, and other Champions (Contestants) through Quests... which I don't much like, especially as many of the quests remain 'hidden' until you either complete them or partially do so.Arenas;Procedurally generated? I think so? each arena follows a theme for the 9 battles you'll have there. Each has it's own hazards; spikes, spitting acid, exploding barrels.... Each one gets harder until the boss. Beat enough mini arenas, face the Gate Guardian. I have yet to beat the first one; I may do so now that I've figured him out. (I'm 3h into the game). The trick is that you get 4 arenas to choose from in a leadup to a gate guardian; the trick is that it can be any combination of arena, miniboss, and Hazard.... Oh Hazards. You might have to fight with acid clouds, meteor showers, increased enemies, Rage (Less health = more damage dealt)... or perks that help, (start with extra mana, extra consumables, etc) but are balanced by having more enemies.Bossesthere are always the same minibosses to beat; but they are made interesting becuase depending on the miniboss you choose to fight... they actaully throw an obsticle at you periodically through the arenas before you meet them in the bossfight on the last arena - the piraterat throws mines down all match, undeadfred throws turrets, and so forth.Gameplaytwinstick (WASD to move, mouse aim). It would be nice if the courser was easier to see. That's about that, really.Champions.The starting champ, is the best champ - at least for my playstyle. each champ has abilities that synergise pretty well. some are ranged combatants, some are midrange, some are melee-ish. They seem to work well, but atarting guy = best guy. which is nice, it means all the good stuff doesn't take forever to grind to getting.DLCMostly cosmetic; i bought the one that changes gameplay (Drone invasion) as it gives another character, arena, boss and obsticle, or something. Nothing really P2W in there, but it is added content.Overall;A good game for doing like 20 minute runs, a casual drop-in type roguelike that you can pickup again in a few weeks or months and not feel punished by for not having mastered everything about it (Don't Starve, anyone?). Totalbuiscuit does a nice review of the game if you want a let's play or whatever. It's a perfect game for when you want a light break from your normal, hardcore games that you play the rest of the time."
,Recommended,265000,22152715,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Tentacles,"The game, for some reason, doesn't have the ultra-widescreen resolutions available in the dropdown list by default, so when it came time to pick a perk for my character, I essentially hit a brick wall and couldn't play. it kept demanding my attention but there was no confirm button after selecting a perk.I fixed the issue using a hex editor to change the forced.exe file, changing39 8e e3 3ftocd 90 18 40.Naturally.I mean, who doesn't know to do that. Anyways, the game is quite entertaining and simple to play, I think I'll enjoy this one.I'm only posting this incomplete review in case someone else out there needs this info to continue playing the game like I did."
76561197964054285,Recommended,265000,22170008,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Xarnax,"Alright then.4 hours in, and I can already tell you that this game is amazing. Not good, not great, but amazing!And here's why:1. The combat is enjoyable the way you would expect from an action rpg like torchlight. It is fast paced, but you have the time to think about your actions at the same time. It is simple, yet skillbased.2. 4 heroes, who feel different. They are different enough to make sure, that there is a character for every type of player. And on top of that, you can customize each one of them with a unique deck.3. Speaking of decks! This is not just a gimmick. Fans of deckbuilding games will have an incredibly enjoyable time with this part of the game. You can play each character in an unlimited number of ways depending on the deck you choose to take into the arena.4. Random stuff. If you like the randomness of Binding of Isaac, you will love this too. There are random arenas with random enemies with random buffs. The boss has a random effect on the arena, and you will get random boons along the way. There are so much random stuff that I couldn't write all of it here. The great thing is - You never feel helpless in the same way, Isaac makes you feel. The random stuff is there to help you (mostly), and it feels great.5. Cards... Come on - you get to spend ingame gold to buy a ticket for the  card-lottery machine. I imagine spending 100s of hours earning gold and spending it on more rolls in the lottery. Its like opening boosters, but with INGAME GOLD!!!!6. Cute pets. I don't need to say more about this... but I will - Some of them are called puffs, who give you a bonus if you make it through an arena without it getting killed.7. Interesting bosses. These guys are like vanilla WOW bosses. They are challenging and rewarding at the same time.8. Difficulty. The first hour of the game, I was like ""Man, this game is too easy"". Boy, was I wrong. At the second level of difficulty, the bosses also start drawing random cards against you. I got curbstomped haaard. And I loved it.There are a few cons to the game though.The servers aren't very responsive. I got kicked out in the middle of doing a daily, and couldn't connect back up to the server again :( This will no doubt get fixed, but its still annoying.There seems to be a slight issue where the game almost crashes. Sometimes the game freezes in a loading screen and windows tells me that the program has stopped responding. It comes right back up a few moments later, but apparently windows detects a freeze which isn't good.As you can probably read, I am already a fan. I will keep playing this for a long time to come (hopefully), and if I find more stuff worth mentioning, I will update this.BUY IT NOW!"
76561198062930115,Recommended,265000,24097246,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,DG Dobrev,"FOREWORD: If you hate reading, just watch then:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dro8DK-D1ZsFORCED SHOWDOWN is a rogue-like arena-based combat game with lots of diversity, extremely engaging gameplay and tons or replayability. In many aspects, it looks like what DOTA would have looked if it was played by one character, on a small arena, and with WASD instead. The gameplay is very fast-paced and intense, it always keeps you on your toes, and winning a level is extremely rewarding.And before someone starts bashing the game for not launching, the devs are hard at work at it. I can tell - untill yesterday's beta patch launched, I could not start the game myself, and now it runs flawlessly.Allrighty, let's take a look at the good and at the bad.THE GOOD:1. Extremely engaging gameplay - as I pointed out in other reviews, to me, this outweighs everything else. You will be glued to your seat and will readily want to beat the current level just to see what the game has in store for you next. I haven't felt such an urge in a PC game for a good while.2. Extremely responsive controls, be it whether you play with the mouse and keyboard, or with a controller. I love it when a game transcends the twin stick controls and allows the player to feel just as comfortable when using a keyboard and mouse, like I usually play my games.3. Arena-style combat: every level is comprised of a number of small arenas that can be beaten in a few minutes, or even less than a minute. At first I thought I would hate this, but it actually ends up working for the better. This is the way to do it - fast paced, quick and engaging fights that never let up. It wants you to get to the final battle that features a boss toon that much more!4. Selectable levels - it is entirely up to you to decide what kind of boons or setbacks are you going to have on a level, which is a great touch and furthers the replayability by a whole lot.5. A deck of cards for skills - another very interesting design decision, that furthers the replayability even more. For each of the 4 heroes you can build up to 5 decks of 30 cards. At the start of the battle, you get 4 random cards from your deck of various magnitudes of 1 to 7 (or more under special conditions), from which you can discard, or keep as is. Throughout the levels, you get to play the cards from your hand as skills or consumable items (items with number of charges for the whole battle). On arenas 1-8 you get respective 1-8 mana points that you can use to play cards with, with each card having a mana requirement. This can be further influenced by boons (e.g. extra mana point on arena 1) and cards. There is a plethora of possible combinations that you can set for yourself - which lets you get very creative.6. The game is very atmospheric - you really feel like a part of the show, with an announcer, small flying drones that take pictures of you, and even spectators around the arena who cheer.7. Amazing musical score - the main theme of the game will finally succeed XCOM2's ready for battle as my pump-up song. It is so cool. It even made me buy the deluxe edition as to keep the OST and listen to it during my daily routines as well.8. Unlockable heroes, quests, dailies,  achievements and all that good jazz that make you come back to the game over and over.9. There is real progression in this game, even when you lose. You get to keep your coins and spend them unlocking cards of various rarities, which makes losses feel less impactful. You still feel as you are progressing, unlike other rogue-likes that simply wipe your progress and say ""now play me for another 5 hours to get to where you were"" - like the grindy WASTED, for example.10. And last but not least - the replayability. You will never get bored even if you played the same Hero for 5 or 50 hours, and no two games are ever the same. At present, I have unlocked all of them, and I can sure as hell say that they all play completely differently, which is always a great thing to see. You get a max range, mid-range, close AOE and a very fast attacker. Take your pick, or master tham all.And now the ba... Wait, wait. Let's just add the OK first.1. DOTA style graphics. While this is not necessarily a bad thing and it is more than serviceable, I can't help but wonder what would such a game look on a better engine... That would have been totally epic.2. The game tells (and expects) you to ""git gud"" before you can enjoy a huge part of its content. Yeah, you need to beat the Crucible before you can do pretty much anything else. While this is not necessarily bad, it does lock you out of content that you might enjoy right from the start.And now, the BAD:1. Having a deck also means you are playing an RNG game. You may get cards that will easily win you the level, but more often than not, you won't and be forced to play with what you are given. This can be off-putting to some players, and for a good reason.2. Having a number of mana points per round can also be a problem. You can have a hand that is completely unplayable for a few rounds, which is always bad for your hero. You may still win, of course, that doesn't mean that luck will lose you the game.The conclusion:Yesterday I was this close to refund the game because it never launched for me, and after reading up the forums and patching it, I am so glad I didn't. You owe it to yourself to experience what this game has to offer. Every concept of it ties together perfectly to allow for hours of enjoyment. It is not the type of game to say ""hey, sit down now, and spend 10 hours playing me or you won't have fun at all"". NO! It is quite the opposite - it says ""look, I know your time is precious, so how about you play me for a while, have a real blast and go back to your life"". When such type of game shows up and is executed as well as FORCED SHOWDOWN is, it deserves a thumbs up and you owe it to yourself to try it.P.S. And it still rocks :)"
76561197972509636,Recommended,265000,22231334,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,El Wray,"Amazing game! highly addictive! Super fun rogue like.  Fight through arenas, gain buffs, play various cards that improve your character.  Its like a mix of hearthstone and D3!"
,Recommended,265000,25126267,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Misery,"So, this is going to be a bit of an ""early impressions"" review, which I dont normally do, but... this game has impressed me so much that I feel like adding to the thumbs-upness that it already has.  Not to mention that while complex, the mechanics are easy enough to grasp that I feel I've got a good handle on things here.   And to explain a bit about myself, I'm a huge fan of three things:  1, bullet hell games, 2, roguelikes/rogue-lites, and 3, CCGs (or TCGs, whatever you want to call them; games played with collectible cards).  Very, very familiar with and fond of all three.Imagine my surprise when I found a game that smashes all of those three things together.Imagine even more surprise when I found out that said game actually does it RIGHT.That's the really interesting thing about this game:  It takes all of these different ideas and squashes them together, but locks them into place alongside one another that it all just works.In this game, you start out by choosing one of four hero characters (five if you have the expansion).  That doesnt sound like many?  There's a good reason for that, which I'll get to in a bit.  You can also choose a ""pet"" to accompany you into battle, each having it's own abilities/stats and unique ways of helping you out.  When you're in battle, you have a few abilities you can activate, each crucial to your success, and each having a cooldown; there's no mana costs here, just the cooldown.  Mastery of your abilities is key, and learning enemy behaviors and patterns is another key.  While this game may look a bit like a Diablo clone when just viewed by those that have never really seen it, it definitely isnt.  This game is not just about attacking your enemies as Diablo is (where you often just stand in one spot and fire spells and such), instead it's about fighting and actually DODGING things; every attack is fully dodgable, and you MUST do this if you are to win.  This is where the ""bullet hell"" label comes from, as enemies are going to fling dangerous explody death balls or whatever all over the place.  Many things to dodge.Each ""battle"" VS a particular boss consists of 8 arenas, with you teleporting to the next one after clearing the current one of non-summoned enemies. These get harder and harder up until you hit number 8, at which point you'll fight the boss itself (pretty much always with some of his minions tagging along).  Enemies have all sorts of varied and dangerous attacks, bosses can be very dangerous with their own ability to fill the screen with pain, and what's worse, there are traps, and throughout all of those arenas (including the 7 where the boss isnt physically present) the boss has an ability that they can trigger (on a cooldown, like yours) that just makes your job harder.  Each run through the game consists of a series of many different battles, so you have much to overcome before you can win a run.Fortunately, you arent going into this lunacy unprepared.  This is where the CCG aspect comes into play.  When you select a hero, you also select a deck of cards to bring into battle.  You assemble these decks in a seperate interface; once you've actually started a run with a hero, you cannot alter your deck in any way (which is as you'd expect, right?).  But the point is, you build a deck filled with various types of cards; spells (one-shot effects), consumables (which when activated give you consumable items of some sort that can be activated during combat) and upgrades (permanent effects, lasting until the end of the battle, through all arenas up till the boss is beaten).  There's all sorts of fun and crazy cards here, and they're just as complicated and varied as you might expect from something like this.  Assembling a good deck is not easy, either, which is good.   When you're in a battle, at the start of each arena you're given the chance to play cards from your current hand.  You have a mana pool, which works similarly to Hearthstone in that you start with 1 max mana, and at each new arena, this goes up by 1.  As you might expect there's ways to manipulate this or do things like change the costs on cards or... well, you'll see for yourself the things you can do.  Card synergies are important, of course, but it's up to you to figure out what to use, and what fits the deck idea you're going for and your playstyle.But dont think that these cards are an almighty advantage for you.  Bosses have their own decks, and a steadily increasing mana max like you do, and will play their own cards just before you play yours (meaning you can see what they do, and respond to them).  Their cards can do all sorts of really loopy things, which really add alot to each fight, yet never really feel unfair or anything.  They'll do their best to put an end to your run, but if you use your own tools right, and keep dodging all that chaos... you can win.That's not all though!  There's a long list of modifiers that can be applied to each battle, and during a run, you select from different possible battles that have their own small list of modifiers.  Modifiers can be beneficial (though this also increases the enemy count in each arena) or negative (which also lowers the enemy count).  Learning what these are and selecting the right battles is tough, but something you'll need to do.  Choose the wrong battle with modifiers that go against your deck, and you're putting yourself at a disadvantage.Between battles you also level-up and select ""boons"", or perks.  None of this is carried over between runs, naturally.  This game is stuffed full of roguelike elements, after all.  There's plenty of RNG here to keep things interesting, but without ever feeling like a total mess.As for the heroes?  There's only a few of them because of the card mechanic; some cards are geared towards a specific hero only, affecting their abilities in various interesting ways.  These are important, as you'd expect, and using them properly is important.  If there were too many heroes, the total card count would be stupidly high.  The really good thing though is that because of the card system, you get a ton of variance in how you can play each hero and how they'll work.  They're not always going to feel/play exactly the same.  They all work out well and are great fun to use, and you'll make individual decks for each hero.All in all, these many mechanics combine to form a very deep, satisfying, and very challenging game that can keep you coming back just as often as many roguelikes do.  And keep in mind, I only discussed the game's main mode here... there's more modes than just that.  There's a LOT to do here.  And even more if you get the expansion, which I can already recommend.Overall, this is a fantastic game with great execution, mechanics, and tons of difficulty that's going to keep me coming back over and over.  I'm loving it, and I highly recommend it.  Just be aware of how hard it is.  It WILL beat you over the head with your own face.  It'll laugh while it does this."
76561198020822530,Recommended,265000,22216861,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,The7thSaint,"At first I wasn't sure whether I'd enjoy the game in the long-run because it's pretty frustrating. I didn't realize at first it was a rogue-lite and mostly bought it because it looked fun from what I saw on twitch. If you can figure out the game enough to make it not as frustrating it becomes a much more fun experience.Basically you collect cards to give your hero different abilities and use those to beat shows which consist of battles containing generally 8 arenas. You gain xp for each show which resets if you win or lose. Each level you gain grants a boon which does different things for you in the arenas. Boons are one of the most important parts to being successful in finishing each show.The game will get repetitive, but if you like challenging yourself and enjoy rogue-like/TCGs and gameplay similar to Gauntlet you may want to consider this game."
76561198049681391,Recommended,265000,22172172,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Billy's Back Scratcher,The Binding of Hearthstone of the Storm.Yes please.
,Recommended,265000,22436394,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,SlowDancer,"Well polished underated game. Good amount of cards and heroes allowing for various and personnal experiences.Good balance of difficulty allowing to have fun without removing the challenge aspect of a video game.Collecting all the cards is pretty addictive, keeping the interest in doing Quests, and Online Dailys.The recent addition of a badge system allows for replaying the campaigns with harder difficulty but better rewards.Really solid game, something very rare nowadays in our era of Early Access and mainstream gameplay.I'm pumped for some possible new cards and heroes, and I'm happy to have purchased this game, a low price for a really good content."
,Recommended,265000,22224013,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,CrazyIvanTR,"This game has so many references to anime and video games that everyone will find something they loved from another game.The gameplay feels polished and well fleshed out. Heroes are not imbalanced by any means. Making a deck and getting random stuff from it makes each playthrough somewhat unique and getting money and crystals to make more cards is something to look forward to, even if you can't win.Overall I'd give this game a ""definitely recommended"" badge."
,Recommended,265000,22198725,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,RealFeras,Great Rouge-Like game with Heroes of the storm feel amd environment and Hearthstone cards mechanics + you will fight small Lifestealers from DOTA2 ;Pi can see my self playing this game for more 100+ hours!10/10 recommended
76561198008012104,Recommended,265000,23053862,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Jyren,"Exteremly fun game with constant action and virtually limitless replayability.Every new battle you start is different, there are endless possibilities of deck building with all 4 characters.The learning curve is great, arenas become harder and harder, to the point where they seem impossible, until you actually come up with a new deck strategy and you succeed ! Highly satisfying game.More people need to play this game, it's well worth the 20$"
,Recommended,265000,24985609,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Hot_Local_Single,Randomness adds replayability rather than frustration and just overall a really fun and rewarding game.
,Recommended,265000,23276363,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Whateverman,"I bought and downloaded this game because it sounded interesting and because the reviews were good - but I didn't play it for a month or so.While the grpahics are decent, the models were a bit cartoony, and it turned me off initially.  After my third match, though, I was seriously hooked.  The games has TONS of replayability, and the blend of deck-building strategy coupled with twitch reflexes keeps me playing long after I should stop.There are tons of achievments, tons of ""quests"" (both roughly the same in concept).  You cna customize the difficulty of the gameplay (thus impacting the rewards) in a number of ways.  The game has a knack of letting you feel indestructable, and then putting you in your proper place (re. smear on the floor).Anyhoo, I REALLY like the combination of strategy, reflex skills and randomness this game mixes together."
,Recommended,265000,23727029,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Schippi,"Forced Showdown is not your regular twin stick shooter.It combines the best elements of twin-sticks, hero-abilities and collectible card game into one cohesive game.You can pick between different heroes each with their vastly different skillset and a companion that helps you. You progress through multiple arenas which consist of 2 phases.The first phase is the card phase where you can play cards from your hand that either improve your character, or give you short time benefits.After that you play the arena where the shooting happens. Each arena takes ~1-2minutes after which you transfer into a new arena and start the process anew.After 7 arenas you will meet a boss that has a high health pool and multiple unique abilities to defeat. If you defeat it you will end this arena set(called battle) and pick from a set of new battles.Each Battle has up to 5 permanent modifiers that change the flow of the battle and your strategy. They range from simple ones like “meteors fly around the place” to crazy ones like “when your companion gets hit, it attacks you until you kill another dude”.The combination of those modifiers can lead to depending on your specific deck very difficult scenarios or make you incredibly powerful. To offset a bit of the beneficial modifiers, the arenas in the battle will have more enemies.When you die or are victorious after several battles you get awarded Gold depending on how far you got for your efforts which you can spend to get more cards.Important to know: unlike many card-games in Forced Showdown there are no microtransactions and thus the frequency of getting new cards is pretty high. ( iirc i completed my collection after 30 hours of play).Most of the obtainable cards are very creative mixed with good staple cards. There are not many cards that feel uninspired. They drastically change your abilities without being the boring “5% dmg yay”. They are more along the lines of “when you take dmg, you deal more dmg for a while”. Of course there are some plain stat upgrades in there, but not as much. They inspire you to build a wide variety of decks to try them all out.Last but not least there are Daily challenges which are very hard, but lets you compare yourself with your friends and requires specific deckbuilding depending on the modifiers present.With all these switching variables the game always feels fresh and i still log on pretty much every day to play a few rounds.ProsDistinct heroeshigh replayability!!!!Looks goodFrequent free patchesGood mix of strategy and actionFun humourConsSometimes connection issues with daily server (prevents online play, but progressing still possible)No Co-Op ( i didn't expect coop but some people might think it had like the previous title)this review has been edited to reflect that the issues have been resolvedthe DLC is well worth it aswell with a new unique and powerful character aswell as new cards and modifiers. just plain solid!"
76561197982704324,Recommended,265000,31169141,Posted: 15 April,all,JGWrecksworth,"I hadn't even heard of this game until I was browsing action RPGs, and it's great. The combat is a blast. The game is also very fast paced (with essentially no story, which I see as a pretty good thing in this instance). The writing is pretty funny too.  It's a pretty unique take on the Action RPG genre that actually works really well. I hope they expand with a bunch more heroes. Playing a game like this with a ton of different heroes to choose from would be a blast."
76561197976653544,Recommended,265000,22216468,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Galvanic Goose,"This game is a devilishly delightful Frankenstein's Monster, made from a menacing menagerie of fearsome features, taken from other, agonisingly addictive and equally grotesque games."
76561198046389838,Recommended,265000,22295273,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,young empty head,"It plays like I always felt ARPGs and MOBAs should - skillshots, accuracy, timing and evasion; button mashing and brute-force will get you nowhere in this game. The deckbuilding is fun and meaningful, the bosses have a lite-MMO raid boss feel to them, the heroes each have their own weapons, skills and playstyle, and the modifiers placed on arenas are interesting and keep the gameplay fresh. Overall, this is a unique, fun and incredibly satisfying experience. My only gripe 11 hours in is the performance - I have trouble keep a stable 60 on anything above the lowest graphics setting though my PC meets and beats the recommended specs.Recommended to anyone that likes killing stuff and playing cards, heavily recommended to fans of Hand of Fate."
76561198034461731,Recommended,265000,22412993,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Baskeren,It's fun and different from other rogue-lite games and the devs' are actually doing something after release :O
,Recommended,265000,22216694,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,gripenemy,Hidden gem its actually better than it look great fun
,Recommended,265000,24947887,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Traveler,"Easily one of my favorite games of 2016. Forced Showdown has near endless replay value and very fun gameplay. The heroes have their own feel and playstyle which all feel viable/strong. The cards are also more diverse than one would think from this sort of game. There are a ton of different deck types and strategies you could use between all the heroes. And it's all wrapped into a fun progression system that makes getting further into the ""shows"" even more exciting.Get it. It's fun."
,Recommended,265000,22218241,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Kooby,"Played this game about 20 hours now at the point I'm writing this review.Forced Showdown is a mix between classic top down brawlers like Diablo or most MOBA games out there and Hearthstone or Hand of Fate. You can choose between 4 Heroes and 3 Companions and you can build a deck of unique cards for each Hero. After you made your decision, you fight through different arenas which differentiate in enemies, arena effects and the boss.Pros:A lot replayability (three types of Daily Runs)The sounds and the art is beautifulYou will be rewarded for your skill in the gameChallengingCons:Only 4 Heroes (as of now)No multiplayerVery RNG dependant sometimes.Overall this game is very fun to play and I definitely recommend it. In the 20 hours I played this game I still haven't even finished the story."
76561197970625954,Recommended,265000,22243760,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,john,"I wish I knew how to eloquently express how excellent this game is.  It just taps so many buttons for me with the nicely balanced rogue-like, the achievable-yet-challenging unlockables, the genuinely interesting deckbuilding, and satisfying combat."
76561198057178277,Recommended,265000,24659681,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Digitenor,"I forgot how addictive and good this game is.  Played it non-stop over a weekend on release then moved for a new job and forgot about it.Saw the DLC sale today, insta bought and have been playing all night.  Need to head to bed, but want to keep on playing.  It's a feel good game, with challenge and pace as you progress.Some you win, some you loase...but it's great fun along the way!If you're thinking of buying it during a sale,I highly recommend; bargain."
,Recommended,265000,22265241,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Sean,"This is like many roguelikes you're used to, where you pick a bonus between stages. However, you're picking bonuses from a card deck that you built, and you unlock cards through playing--no microtransactions! This mechanic is cleverly developed and well thought-out, and adds an immense amount of depth to the four-character game.Of course, the enemy boss for each battle also plays its own card deck, throwing potentially lethal combinations of modifiers at you, which keeps the combat interesting and challenging.I enjoyed the first FORCED despite it being rather one-note. This game is excellent and I would recommend picking it up."
76561197991435059,Recommended,265000,22153185,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Search_Warrant,"This is a very good card based RPG style Twin Stick shooter. took many hours of my life away because its so fun and addictive. cant wait for more patches and content. the games fair and balanced to most degree but RNG does play a major roll in this game too. rogue like elements keep you on your toes, so dont die!"
,Recommended,265000,22177411,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Struyk,Great gameplayHuge potentialCollectable Card GameDo I need to say more?
,Recommended,265000,25089121,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,The CRAIGGERS!,"I keep losing, but I keep coming back."
,Recommended,265000,22131939,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sunny,"Just under an hour in and already I love it!From the cheeky anouncer to the visuals this game is pretty unique. It's a top-down brawler (like Diablo or PoE) mixed with Hearthstone. The game has multiple quick stages to each arena making for an easy pick-up game for when you have a few minutes to spare.I can't wait to explore all the charecters, cards, and abilities!"
,Recommended,265000,22275386,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Scath3,Simply Amazing.
76561198142972992,Recommended,265000,22294843,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,vilob,gg game i don't have life now
76561198071848302,Recommended,265000,22166643,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Polkadot Piranha,"Games it reminds me off:Hands of FateNuclear ThroneGalak-ZPlayed it with both X-Box 360 controller and Mouse+Keyboard. Both with good results. M+K is obviously more precise, but the movement is somewhat more accurate on controller (and it's more relaxing).Positives:The deck-building works well. I was a bit worried it would just be another tagged-on deckbuilding mechanic, but it never seems constrictive, there's enough variety to test out several combinations with obvious benefits, and the progress of getting new cards doesn't seem stiffling.The different characters you can play have very distinct playing styles, further expanded by specialization through cards, which makes playing the game as a different character an almost new experience - sometimes lending an entirely new perspective to enemy-types you had previously considered pushovers or menaces.Really feels like it rewards deliberate and exact play.Negative:I am not sure I will get all the cards before I feel like I got what I could out of the game, which is a shame, because sometimes you feel like you are just a few cards off before making a certain deck work."
76561198006934629,Recommended,265000,22528084,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Blackoth,"I did not really knbow what to expect when I heard about this game, but it interest me enough to try it, and I love it!Its quite a good combination of game mechanics. I would describe it kind of like playing a weird combination of Torchlight and Hearthstone in an arena combat format. Its really well paced, its fun, its challanging and rewarding all at the same time. Customizing your character is like building a deck in hearthstone, every round you get 1 mana added to your pool starting from 1 and you have a hand of cards with cost that buff your character up to 8 rounds which is a boss round. you get more cards as you play to customize your deck more and more. It also has that ""just 1 more game"" hold on you since the rounds are pretty short."
76561198017586082,Recommended,265000,24088281,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,TheSpaniard,"A really great, innovative, gaming experience. It really makes you feel like you're on a gameshow/athlete infront of a live television audience! The gameplay is slick, memorable, and addictive (not to mention challenging and fun). The style is superb, as are the production values. I can't recommend this game enough, especially on the Steam Machine! I 've had a few crashes, but they're no big deal (load times are short) and the game saves for you automatically! A must buy!"
76561198015500132,Recommended,265000,22214852,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Sellner,"And God said, ""Let there be light,"" and there was light.  =Squire Of Light=What strength it has in its loins,  what power in the muscles of its belly! =Ravager=For a fire is kindled in My anger, and shall burn to the lowest hell; it shall consume the earth with her increase, and set on fire the foundations of the mountains ” =Volco='It will be a day of clouds, a time of doom for the nation ... all the shining lights in heaven I will darken over you and will set darkness on your land' =Stormbringer=Solid. fun gameplay while possessing the powers of a god. Sold out showdownC-SAR approves, 10/10"
,Recommended,265000,23126550,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Misanthrope,More people need to see this game and recognize it is awesome. Buy and share please.Vote this game for “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award”!
,Recommended,265000,27992720,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,crow inc.,"at first i thought i was going to hate this game because i tried playing the original FORCED with friends and even though it was a good game it just made us mad at each other. this game is different, and furthermore it's a blast to play. the card system seems odd or even counter-intuitive at first, but after playing a few rounds you get the hang of it and soon you'll be making new decks with your (admitedly small at first) collection of cards. there's a real strategy and rhythm to it, and the game keeps throwing curveballs at you just to be sure you're on your toesthere's probably a few things i don't like about it, but i can't think of any right now..."
76561198003471291,Recommended,265000,24574759,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Sjord,"Incredibly engaging, endlessly variable, and only getting better. The developers truly love their craft, and everything in this game oozes a design philosophy focused on fun and fairness.Play this game! You won't regret it."
,Recommended,265000,22129950,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Ariamaki,"TL;DR is that -FORCED- : Showdown is a really good game with a ton of potential for growth. My advice? Pick it up and spread the word. Words, many of them (handle it), below.NOTE: This review was written during the private beta period before launch, thanks to winning a code in a stream (Twitch's RockLeeSmile, to be specific) from the developer's launch event. As such, I am reviewing a game that I received for free, more or less, from the largesse of the devs. Feel free to take that into account.I came into this game from a Polygon video review that didn't exactly show it off in the most flattering light (blame one of the worst members on Polygon's video team for that disfavor). From there I hit the Steam page and found the developers' unique little Twitch-fueled discount and giveaway pre-launch event. I found a streamer I recognized from YT and hopped in, expecting a decent Ziggurat / Isaac style arena roguelite with mild card-based elements. What I found was actually a slick, well-designed and visually exciting game with some serious chops on every level.The world they're assembling is fun and interesting without being overwrought or ridiculous. The card mechanics go above and beyond the realm of ""feature"" and into this being a true deckbuilder with serious depth. The actual gameplay is frantic, well-balanced, nicely paced and not too hard yet not too simple. The pre-launch event is a really clean and well-designed piece of work as opposed to a contrived ploy for attention, and it organically builds a community in a really smart way. If I had to bring up any downsides, it's one of the most fixable: In its current launch state, the game doesn't have enough variety in terms of enemies, levels, and especially bosses. Given the devs' update plans? I doubt that will be a problem for long."
,Recommended,265000,22274281,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Dank meme machine,Why is this so much fun?
76561198166873537,Recommended,265000,22157042,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,noiseagainstall,a nice blend of binding of isaac and hearthstone.
76561198007850164,Recommended,265000,22690009,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Rezna,"Probably the most fun you could have for $20 ;) Well legally at any rate...The game description and video's describe full well what you're getting into,My friend asked me to describe it to him and the best I came up with was a chaotic Zelda game mashed with card battle.... and maybe a dash of Darksouls (""You died but at least it was fun to watch."")  If either piece was missing the game wouldn't be as fun to be honest.They've done a nice job so far as I've seen in the game with the combat system and cards. I've started to branch out to the different ""Contestants"" and think all of them could be viable if you build a good deck for them... makes me want to earn more cards which is a good thing. :)The boss battles are challeging with the different fighting styles it takes some watching to see what they do before you go rushing in. And even then at times I find myself walking right into a rocket > <Even the regular minions are enough to dash you to pieces if you're not careful sometimes...Anywho...It's a good game, not expensive, and being well suported by the dev team. Don't think you could ask for more."
,Recommended,265000,24671215,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Cody712,"This game is great. Perfect for me because I love RPG games and also love card games like hearthstone, and this is a perfect mix. Great graphics and fun gameplay."
,Recommended,265000,24950438,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,markljunggren,"Ask yourself two questions1: Do you like deckbuilding games?2: Do you like action gamesIf yes, then Forced showdown is a game for you!Forced Showdown is a spinoff from Forced that was a splendd Co-op game, where Forced Showdown is a single-player game ATM. The game lets you make a deck consisting of 30 cards. No more than 2 of same cards is allowed.You choose 4 champions (5 with expansion) that either is meele oriented or ranged. Each champions have a diffrent aproach regarding active and passive skills. It takes skills to master them all.A similar game idea is Hand of Fate that also is action-based with deckbuilding feature. The diffrence between them is that in Hand of Fate you could randomly start with the BiS cards in the beginning (after you have collected them of course) making the game really easy. Where in Forced Showdown each card has a manacost. Each new arena in a battle gives you more and more mana to spend on those awsome late-game cards. But until you reach late arenas you har stuck on relying on early cards and skill, wich is a good thing =). You also get a pet companion that help you in each arena. You can chose one from three companions once unlockedAquire new cards is done by spending gold that you earn in-game. You get a random card that is divided between 3 raritys. You can have max 2 of each. If you get a third copy, that card will automaticly be converted to shards that is spent on making new cards that is guaranteed to be a new card.The game have many achivments. Each achivment is part of a quest. When a quest is completed you get in-game rewards. Be it more gold, shards or a special boost, that is up to you to find out =)All in all. This is a very good game that provides deckbuilidng, action, achivment hunting and grinding.Best game 2016!10/10"
,Recommended,265000,27366325,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,barrtender,"It's got everything. Deck-building, action, clicking, leveling up, spells, bosses, an amusing announcer, everything!I've been having a lot of fun with it so far."
,Recommended,265000,22159725,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Asher,"There are quite a few mechanics at work that makes FORCED SHOWDOWN a rather unique title. Rather than write an essay about them individually, I made a lengthy video going through as much as I could in detail. You can check it out here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5y2DsujmsqM"
,Recommended,265000,22174310,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,mastader,"I don't really know exactly why, but this game is my JAMCombined machanics, cool bosses, they are just all too awesome :DThere are still a lot to be improved, but I believe this is gonna be one of my favorite game ever!!More modes, more characters, more quests, more cards... Just thinking all these makes me so excited~~~ Go ahead and buy it if you like to smash some enemies, or go to Twitch if you think you're lucky enough heehee9+/10"
76561198126243834,Recommended,265000,22245609,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ToxicSmite,This game has some great mechanics in it. I find it to be kinda similar to binding of isaac which I found a lot of fun.
,Recommended,265000,22244653,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Gatemoth,"Love it!A fast-paced arena game, strongly inspired by its predecessor, Forced.+Fast-paced action.+Fun (gameshow-inspired) graphics, animation, style.+Difficulty.  Easy warmup missions, challenging finales.+High replayability: card collection, roguelike, quests.+Daily challenges.-game bugs (e.g. stuck in wall, monster unreachable, invuln monster, game crash, unplayable daily).-limited number of cards.  All collected fairly quickly.-fortune wheel.  Must be spun too many times.  Needs a way to spin 10 times at once."
76561197985531491,Recommended,265000,22191742,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Jernsaxe,Good game
,Recommended,265000,23747446,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,|G|AleyKsi.Cxl/a,"As a big fan of the first FORCED, i couldn't miss the sequel.You are a champion forced to fight your way through multiples arenas, unlock some cards that allow you to conjure buffs, skills or allies. Every game is a little different and death is permanent.It is better than its predecessor in almost every aspect :The musics are greatThe character design is very good and each champion has its strenghs and weaknesses that make the game way more variedThe cards-based  are fun : a little randomness and strategy in a game of fast paced action are always welcomeThe unlock are fun and variedThing i miss though :No co-op (for now ?)"
,Recommended,265000,23946129,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,EnormousSnake,"It's like Heathstone and DotA had a roguelite baby! And it's a really awesome baby with fires and explosions and snake monsters!To explain it as simply as I can, it's a series of condensed roguelite arenas using hero characters with a set of roughly 4 abilities (there are 4 available at the moment). At the beginning of the 8 floors in each arena you get the opportunity to play cards using mana. The card system works a lot like hearthstone: gain 1 total mana every turn/floor and get it refilled.Characters start out with a pre-constructed deck, and with a currency you get for achievements in-game you can obtain a larger collection of the 150ish cards! Cards vary from consumable items to spells to upgrades that remain all the way to the end of the dungeon.That about covers it. Some people seem to be experiencing crashes, but I've not experienced anything like that, so I can't comment. Just keep it in mind. Feel free to comment with any questions!"
,Recommended,265000,24703120,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Sir Talomose,This game has its mix of roguelike/cards/bullet hell/twinstick down to a T. A huge variety of situations and difficulty to boot.
76561197982904096,Recommended,265000,22156824,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Huol,"Fast, challenging, great graphics, this game will test your skills !"
,Recommended,265000,31558701,Posted: 5 May,all,Alexander The Greatest,"A rouge-like beat 'em up with deck building to hopefully enhance your luck in the arenas, & a art style that's hard not to love. Den/Den"
,Recommended,265000,25603419,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Overburn,"This game. . .  is simply amazing imho. I watched some youtube videos of people playing it. It LOOKED like something I would like but I hadnt heard much about it. Man, am I glad i picked it up. If you liked the old game Super Smash Tv. . . it kinda reminds me of that but with loot/deck building element. The deck building is amazing. You grind for cards that empower whatever character you decide to play. The arenas you play in are random. I think the replayability for this game is through the roof. I only wish it had multiplayer. But, it has other really cool features such as different arenas having different rulesets and you also have ""dailies"" you can do to get different things. The combat is fun but not overly complex. The voice acting is entertaining and the graphics are easy on the eyes. Definitely worth a try. You will know within 2 hours if its a game for you for sure."
,Recommended,265000,25379514,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Omega,"Forced Showdown comes in strong as a title that can solidify Steam as both a platform and a console alternative.  What I find appealing about this game is that it is strongly character driven, but works hard to give players agency in-game.If you miss the days of people betting big on their game ideas and coming out ahead, pick this game up and give BetaDwarf what they need to continue doing what they do best."
,Recommended,265000,29590389,Posted: 30 January,all,tim.tibor,Great mix of a deckbuilding and action game and provides a lot of replayability. It's also refreshing to see a deckbuilding game without the possibility to just buy your way to victory.
76561198028138916,Recommended,265000,22150248,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Varrgoth,"TL;DR.  If you like Card games, ARPG style slashers, and randomly generated rules and dungeons. Buy it and you wont regret it.Want to share some info that i was mission when i was wonfering will i like this game or not.This gave is a mix of Card game and Randomly generated arena fights, where cards are your skills  (passive, active, ect.)Core gameplay is to finish a ""show"", wich consists of ""X"" number of arena runs. For each run you earn coins and unlock new cards with them. Creating new decks, and trying to finish THE SHOW. There are three of them ATM, wich consider to be a ""story"" . I really hope there will be more. With 4 hours ive completed 1 Show, and half way with second one.Each Arena have its own RULES wich is Random each run. (summon additional strong mob, or meteor storm rainig all fight.)At the endgame, there are lots of diffrent challanges with endless count of rules sets."
,Recommended,265000,27860555,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ethrin,Great game that has awesome card mechanics to make you want to keep completing its fast-paced arenas!
,Recommended,265000,22544429,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,♥~Jack~♥,"This game is absolutely wonderful and the developers are great.  They are indie developers to the max - just check this Imgur album:http://imgur.com/gallery/yacucU1I love their games and they work so hard.  I bought this just because I heard their story and I'm glad I did.  If you like top-down shooters that are heavy on permadeath and RNG but have a very strategic layer of abstraction, this game is for you.I don't want to write a whole review yet but if you want a mixture of Hand of Fate and The Binding of Issac, this game is absolutely for you."
76561197993164587,Recommended,265000,24566585,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Jsuelieta,"I'm at a loss for what to say about this game. It combines Gauntlet with CCG and roguelike elements, mixes well, bakes for 15 minutes on 'awesome' and the end result is something that, honestly, is a real hidden gem of a game that I can see eating up a ton of my time playing over and over. Emblems add replay value to what would otherwise seem to be a pretty short game, ramping up the difficulty in a customizeable way so that things are just challenging enough to be fun without being overwhelming...unless you want it to be! Completing 'quests' by getting achievements gives permanent boosts to your characters to make things more manageable, though it's hard, if not impossible, to know what achievements complete what quests until you do one on accident (or look up a guide). Just needs a multiplayer mode and it'd be 10/10, but without it's 'only' 9/10. Still, worth picking up."
,Recommended,265000,26024909,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Cryefer,"Forced Showdown is a singleplayer arena action roguelike card game. A goddamn mouthful if I say so.You fight through multiple arenas to get to the boss while buffing yourself to be stronger.In this game you can make insane amount of decks, but they can fall pretty much to the same type of decks. Going just upgrade decks with some healing consumables, full-on consumable decks, class card decks and spell decks.There are 4 different heroes (1 dlc hero extra) with like 2-3 abilities and most of them have a passive. All heroes also have their own class specific cards. Spin move with fireballs. Volcanic Strike that splits in to 2 or 3 and even a card that makes the range infinite. 2 of those cards and it'll loops once again. Those examples were for Volco, but he's probably my least favorite hero.I probaby don't like him as much because he gets locked in place when you use his Volcanic strike or auto-attack. I've got hit too many times, ♥♥♥♥ him. Some characters like Stormbringer and Squire of Light then have really op class cards. You can basically just pick them and automatically win.Ravager is my favorite hero but his class cards are butt. Like really weak, but he's hella strong with pure damage cards. His only weakness is the new dlc boss because Ravagers strong point is staying on the boss and using invulnerability frames to stay alive. The dlc robot ninja boss keeps teleporting away making it hard to chip away his health.My interest in the game came back strong with the new dlc and it added the needed enemy variety. More cards and a Maze making the game very interesting again.I finally got the 100% achievements in the game but one of them were bugged until a recent game update. So they are still fixing the game. Which is a good thing, I at least didn't see that many bugs until I was almost done with the game.I do recommend the main game and the dlc even with full price. A goddamn good roguelike card game whatever."
76561198261380938,Recommended,265000,22130207,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,MeshDTD,"Wow... what a fantastic game. This one took me by surprise, I am not normally keen on games involving cards and decks.But this one really pulled it off spectacularly.Gameplay is fun, it feels great with some really nice characters and abilities. The sheer amount of content and replay value is probably most impressive.Graphics and audio are also top notch. I am very impressed with all components of this title.Please watch my video for more information.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXD8PM7dbQgReview copy provided by developer"
,Recommended,265000,22317640,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Puddles,"I'm ~30 hours in, and I'm really enjoying this so far.  The combat is a fun, fast-paced, Diablo-style slaughterfest, and the addition of strategic elements really makes the game much more enjoyable and gives a sense of progression in a very fun and unique way.  The difficulty is certainly high, especially once you complete the first show, but a little determination, a little luck, and a few new cards can be all you need to turn it around.  It's a big pile of fun that I've had difficulty pulling myself away from.There are warts, however:  I've run into some crashing issues, and situations where the game will simply hang the entire machine for a few seconds, but these seem to be getting better with each patch, and BetaDwarf is pushing patches very quickly so far.  The only other issue I have isn't with the game itself, but rather with dicumentation:  It's almost impossible to find good information about the game online.  There is a wikia page, but it has outdated versions of cards, lots of incorrect information, and a new ad on every page (at least on mobile).  Some of it is that the game is so new it hasn't yet built up a community, but BetaDwarf has not done a good job up to now of seeding this information to the players & potential community-builders.  Hopefully, this is just another symptom of small team with a brand-new product; They're probably working like mad right now, and these kinds of niceties will come later.Maybe once they're done with that, they might work on a multi-player component, or Linux/OS X/SteamOS compatibility??  Pretty please??Despite these things, I still couldn't not recommend this game.  It's just that much fun."
,Recommended,265000,22314482,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,♿Yee♿,Awesome game!
,Recommended,265000,24027687,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,shiftyarmx,"Fun, fast-paced gameplay in digestable sections, mixed with an engaging progression system that requires adaptive decision making.The combat is a mix between Diablo and Dota, where heroes have a set number of attacks and abilities that are augmented with various cards. The game avoids button-mashy combat by providing benefits to utilizing a character's basic attack in different ways--one character, for example, has a damaging beam that slowly ramps up in damage the longer it is held down, but also restricts the player's movement.Earning cards and creating decks provides an addictive experience, allowing a player to make decisions to reduce the randomness of each run. The decision making process is similar to Binding of Isaac, where risk and reward need to be balanced in order to overcome each stage.Highly recommended for players that enjoy roguelikes similar to Binding of Isaac or Enter the Gungeon. FORCED SHOWDOWN provides enough of a unique spin on the genre to stand strong next to the competition."
,Recommended,265000,24017407,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,mnmkami,"An AMAZING game. It's very well-polished and filled with high octane action. The deck-building is arguably what makes this game so amazing. Each character feels unique as it is. The ability to change that up even more by making decks for them is simply mind-boggling. As a Johnny, I do love finding some stupid decks that work in hilarious ways.Currently, I'm running a Spell deck that essentially plays like Miracle Rogue. I can have like 20 Magical Puffs on screen. It's hilarious."
76561198042900441,Recommended,265000,22311816,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Disco,This is the result of what would happen if Hearthstone and Diablo had a child.
76561198095374298,Recommended,265000,27083078,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Opolino,"A truly great game, although hidden from the public. Great gamplay with roguelike and deckbuilding aspects. A game fort your attention"
,Recommended,265000,26878365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Evil Scotsman,"This is a great little game. it's a good mix of deckbulding and straight up action.The gameplay is quite fast, andis mostly made up of 5 minutes bite sized arena thorugh which you level up to fight the mini boss at the end of each one. eventually movng up to the final big boss for the showdown.  it's the perfect pick up and play game and well worth the price asked and a steal on sale."
,Recommended,265000,31731955,Posted: 13 May,all,Moridin63,"Awesome rogue-lite / rogue-like game.Would strongly recommend giving it a shot, especially whenever it goes on sale."
,Recommended,265000,24340427,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,JackTrevor,"This game is great. It's a strange mix of Issac, League of Legends, Diablo and Hearthstone. It's a combination that has no right to be good but it is. Taking place in a game show setting (a setting that is oddly approiate), you are a contestant who is battling their way through a series of dungeons to reach a boss, playing cards from a deck you built before-hand that give you access to buffs and items that help you along the way.The runs are fast and varied, attacks actually feel powerful, and you feel like you are making progress all the time. The difficulty is hard but fair as you eventually learn what the modifiers do and start to unlock more cards to add to your deck. I will say that the quests that you need to complete to unlock characters and extra stats sound way harder then they actually are. Because of the variety of playstyles offered by the characters, the only way you will hit a runt is by only playing one character  and one deck. And honestly, there is a lot of content on offer that if you are looking for a lot of replayibilty for your buck this game fulfills that in spades.There are some cavats I would add, however.First, there have been a lot of people who have reported crashes. Nobody seems to give a reason why and it seems to be just luck if you're affected. I willing to bet though that they are running this game on a laptop or a ""potato"" and they may be running into a hardware issue. I did a spec check on this game on a whim, and was surprised at how demanding it was. It's not Witcher 3 demanding but if you've been thinking about upgrading your PC, this game is a good argument to do so. For me, I run a 3rd-gen Intel i5 motherboard and a GTX 660 and it runs smoothly.The other cavat I would keep an eye out for is that this is a deck-building game. And because this game pretty much flew under the radar as far as coverage is concerned, almost no community exists and the wiki is definately missing some stuff (like how to unlock characters). And while I find figuring it out on my own rewarding, if you're the kind of person who goes looking for ""builds"" online, you're♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck.Other than that, I would reccomend this game in a heartbeat as soon as there is a sale. If you are on a limited budget and want a game with a lot of replay value, this is a good choice."
76561197971080599,Recommended,265000,24653815,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,[IMTS] Xytech,Terrific.
,Recommended,265000,25482466,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,KMN,Basically Hearthstone and Helldivers made a baby and it's called Forced Showdown.Solid roguelite with an awesome deck building twist that makes replayability skyrocketing :)
76561198007585526,Recommended,265000,22211689,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Herpes Angel,Amazing game.
,Recommended,265000,22226756,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,CLem,Excellent game even if it's a bit repetitive. Can't wait for new content :)
76561197987378892,Recommended,265000,22143120,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Tiwaz,I make it short. I don´t hate it.
,Recommended,265000,24677112,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,SoopaSte123,"I think the best thing about this arena brawler is how well it mixes choice and randomness. Pure randomness can be frustrating, and pure player choice in a roguelite can make things samey, but if you stike the right balance it can be great, and Forced Showdown does just that.  Your upgrades are chosen through a card deck that you get to build, but your choices are limited to the random ones drawn.  Each arena has random gimmicks that change how it plays (such as enemies that move faster or extra AI allies), but you have a choice of arenas so you can avoid the gimmicks you don't like.The 4 (or 5 with the expansion) charcters play vastly differently, adding good replayability.  They aren't balanced particularly well vs each other, but since this is a single player game that is not really an issue, as it indirectly allows players to choose their own difficulty level.  Speaking of difficulty, the game is not very difficult on it's default mode (coming from a gamer who's pretty good at action games and bullet hells), but you can add extra challenge difficulty (such as giving bosses extra health and damage, or making enemies aggro much higher) and recieve extra rewards for your efforts.  I love this sort of method that's reminiscent of Bastion (and likely other games I don't know about), as it lets players tailor the difficulty the way they want it.  Too often games make difficulty levels simply effect enemy hp and damage... The way Forced Showdown does it is far more elegant, customizable, and fun.So far I'm having tons of fun with Forced Showdown.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,265000,22530616,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Darkmadow,"Really awesome game, some small bugs here and there but else it´s a cool intense action packed game."
76561197988113155,Recommended,265000,24818235,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,SAF,"Forced Showdown is a pretty awesome twin stick rouge-like mixed with CCG. Its kinda like Hand of Fate but with much better combat. The controls are tight, the playable characters are totally different, several bosses to fight, SEVERAL cards to collect that drastically change gameplay, and more! Watch the TB video on the store page to understand what the game is and how it plays.My only issue is that I wish that the arena levels were fewer and a bit larger, other than that, try this game if you like twin sticks, rouge-likes and CCGs. Personally I think its WAYYYY better than the first Forced."
,Recommended,265000,22156490,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Steelreserve,"Simple yet difficult and quite a lot of fun. Sadly there is no multiplayer option but you can't have everything.Using the xbox 360 controller is real nice.Graphics and music work well enough. The voice acting is good, although funny at first the taunting voice overs get annoying pretty quickly."
,Recommended,265000,22144943,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Sir Pencil,Like a modernized Dark Spore with CCG elements tossed in.
,Recommended,265000,24738810,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,HelloKi,"Don't expect this to be like the original FORCED at all. This is simply a top-down shoot-em up arcade game, but probably the best one I have seen due to it's tactical deck building element. You can make an OP deck, but you still have to be good enough to dodge all the projectiles and enemies as you progress."
76561198011639709,Recommended,265000,23976261,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,R151NG PH03N1X,"This game is a great combination of quick leveling in games like HoTS, DOTA, and LOL. I found myself saying ""JUST ONE MORE!"""
,Recommended,265000,24165163,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Randy,"This game has something that appeals to everyone. It has an action-rpg playstyle, with card mechanics, and there is a ton of stuff to unlock and collect. It is a roguelite so it also has tons of replay value because no 2 runs are ever the same. I play almost every roguelite i can find, and this is definitely at the top of my list. The combat is super satisfying, and everyone could find a character playstyle they enjoy. The enemies and arenas look great, and the boss fights are epic. Everyone who enjoys video games should do themselves a favor and check this title out. You will not regret it. I personally rate it 9.5/10"
,Recommended,265000,22185444,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,HODL just wait 2 weeks,"Definitley one of the most original games I have ever played. It combines elements from so many games and some how they make it work! Amazing, simply amazing."
76561198069142974,Recommended,265000,27979427,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bwuanny,Awesome game that is way too addicting!
,Recommended,265000,25368113,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Pretentieux,"This game is solid.  It turns my emotions to jelly as I get high off of each success as I go through a run of battles, only to die in a blaze of glory on or close to the boss of the final match.  It's always because of something I can learn from, which makes me want to jump back in and try again."
76561198037080732,Recommended,265000,22156441,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Gentleman,"I just played this game for an hour, but its incredibly amazing. Every single aspect  =S cool fights looooots of cards, customization decks, to be honest, i0m not missing any co-op for this game or anything like that. basically because it makes you feel that you are the star there, its all about you. Your skills and the arena, nothing else. I would like to see in the future some random arena fights, that could be great. but as it is, its a gem."
,Recommended,265000,24644582,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,I See Starz,Wow the possibilities are endless and fun
,Recommended,265000,22135027,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Kiki162,"This game is a whole lot of fun, I wish C-SAR would comment on my day to day life. The game seems to have a good amount of replay value, the card opening, as with most games, is pretty satisfying, and the deck building is extremely satisfying when you get a good combination of items that work well together and help you beat a arena."
76561198116841859,Recommended,265000,22138055,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lumpy700,"This game is incredibly smooth, beautiful, simple to pick up and amazing fun.Has that just one more feeling till you realise its 5am and even then its hard to stop."
76561197969692639,Recommended,265000,23108974,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Sharkblood,"I really like this game.. not sure why the community is dead.. I mostly play when im drinking, maybe that is a thing.. not sure.  I love the daily type missions, they are challenging and random.  Great game, not sure why its not so popular."
,Recommended,265000,22192521,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ANG3LIC,"I cant add anything you wont find the reviews above, all I can add is my thumbs up and my admiration for this awesome DEV team"
,Recommended,265000,26438217,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,StarBreakX,"This game is rock-solid. A rogue-like arena brawler with short intervals between each arena. It's difficulty may vary but it isnt too hard to pick up and play. It is soo much fun to play and its definiately worth the price it is asking for. But if you feel like the price is too much then grab it on a sale definiately as it drops to 40-50% off.So as far as gameplay goes:Pros:+ The deck building makes the gameplay unique and varied from every arena session+ The varied gameplay with each arena having passive effects make each one different+ The AI mobs are not brain dead and don't just soak up damage all the time and actually fight+ Can vary from normal roguelike to bullet hell depending on the mobs+ The amount of classes make the gameplay Unique+ Pets are not as useless and can be very helpful in both damage or tanking+ The boss variety in skills make it an enjoyable experience+ Short burst of arena sessions makes this a game to play off and on or for long hours.+ The boon system which rewards a buff after each completed arena makes some future sessions start off better (reduce some of the rogue-like start off flaws)+ Daily missions with some fun conditions is always a plus (ex: Every kill revives them as an ally)Cons- It seems like most of the classes feel a bit weak (in  terms of skillwise) with the exception of the first class you play at the start- Like most rogue-like games the start of every session of arena feels a bit dull with no upgrades to start- You AI companion/Companions you need to save may sometimes have bad AI (stand on fire traps or run towards mobs)- Difficulty in terms of damage is outrageous on traps and mobs sometimes (some mob charges me to 2-3 fire trap and I die cause I'm stunlocked in the fire trap. Health from 120 to 0 in 2 seconds or I kill a mob and it explodes with a huge radius and kills off another mob which chain explodes into another mob that does the same and i go from 200 to 30 just for that)- Your companion has limited to no skills and just has an auto attack ( wish they gave them skills or even a skill tree to make them more customizable)- One of the stage passive with damages you by 10 for each unused Mana point spend needs to be nerfed (End game can be a pain if you dont have any more cards and end up taking a large portion of the damage for something your not really too in control of in terms of what you draw for the mana cost)- Melee classes needs a bit of a tweak for buffs as melee in early and later levels feels a bit weak with having to take alot of damgage just to go close up to even attack compared to the range classes. (maybe buff its defense or hp pool or chance to block [as in most games melee has parry but there is no parry so block would be better] )- The respawning of dead mobs as a special summon makes it a bit difficult on some levels to force you to rush on killing all the real mobs on the level as quick as you can before this happens.- Some of the enemy's Card consumsables are a bit hard (Meteors fall on you, excess of bomb traps all over the place, a plane that comes out of no where and literally does a ton of damage)- Uncontrollable Lag during Snake boss (Occurs when the boss is spawning mass minions) and there is no way to reduce the lag at all as I have set everything to low or off to try and test it but with no change.Overall this game is really fun despite the long list of cons you may have seen. It just makes the gameplay that much difficult but makes you want to play and try to overcome them to feel like it was worth it (Beat a boss with literally 1 hp throughout the entire match due to arena passive of dealing  10 dmg per non spend mana and 80 damage cause i had no cards leading me to start with 1hp). I play a lot of rogue-like games and this one feels like a mix of gauntlet legends (the asthetics + and quick pick up and play) mixed with binding of isaac (Movement to have to dodge + difficulty)  mixed with Hand of fate (Deck System) all in one. I bought the game on a sale for $24 for the complete bundle and I have not regretted it. I know I will spend a ton more hours on this game and its replayability is no questioned there with each playthrough being different. Feel free to buy this on a sale or not because despite not having alot of advetisement to get this game known, it is certainly a hidden gem for any one into rogue-like games. A must buy and not one you should look over."
76561198040830754,Recommended,265000,23860299,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,marc.conway,"Extremely fun and rewarding gameplay, stellar production value, sleek graphics and great music."
76561198105068440,Recommended,265000,23880765,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,djmendon10,"More people need to know about this game! The gameplay is tight, the deck building is suprisingly deep and best of all, despite being able to gamble for new cards for your deck, there are no microtransactions. An awesome game by awesome devs, give it a try."
,Recommended,265000,23934571,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,El J,"*EDIT* Stability issues have improved greatly and now I can full heartedly recommend this game. If you want a little quick arena fun where you can spend 10 minutes gearing up your character in tongue and cheek arena fighting fun, and then repeat! I've spent too many late nights doing ""one more round""..."
,Recommended,265000,23917342,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bionic,"Originally this review started as a do not recommend due to the fact that I was experiencing something like a 95% crash rate. (original quote was 2 successful launches in 43 attempts). I had mentioned that I love the idea behind the game and found the game highly enjoyable and aesthetically pleasing. I explained my gripe with the game and left it at that thinking I would never see a solution. CGamer, one of the developers in the game replied to my review explaining they released an update to fix my issue. This update did not fix my issue so I decided to email them my crash log. Less than a week later another patch was released which fixed my issue entirely.For what appears to be a small developer I am impressed with their creation and originally was let down with the technical side of the game resulting in my game crashing endlessly. I am very happy with the support the developers have shown and direct communication they have given me regarding my issue.I would highly recommend this game not only for the quality of the product but also for the support the developer provides."
,Recommended,265000,24000020,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Smithel,"I have gotten this game to run from the ""play"" menu once.  What i will say is when I did that, I had a lot of fun with the game.The downside is that I have tried to launch the game over 10 times now, and like I said it worked once.  So if you like to play a game 10% of the time you want to, get this game.  If you would prefer a game to not crash 100% of the time, get somethign else.What a game, the game is great too.Edit:  Developers seem to have resolved the issue.  Will update again if the game starts crashing like it did before."
,Recommended,265000,22302028,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Beastwestern,"Great addictive game. If you like MOBAs, Action RPGs like Torchlight or Diablo, and card games like Yu-Gi-Oh, this is the one for you. Hell, even if you don't like those this is a great combination of all of those things.One thing. It's buggy as hell. I just lost over an hour of my life because it crashed at the end of beating Ruby. This has happened to my friend too, with an ENTIRELY different computer in specifications. Fix it."
,Recommended,265000,23931135,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Dux,"This is a well put together mix of different genres such as card game, moba, hack and slash and RPG. Currently in love with this gem."
,Recommended,265000,26854490,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shi-Woon Yi,Super fun to play.
,Recommended,265000,22154928,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Shrike,"Very enjoable game with a lot of replayability.The only thing I dislike is that you often feel that the game cuts you off before you can build upyour character enough. There could be some longer battles with more mana occasionally I suppose, like with 2 extra arenas, which could be a battle modifier. Also I feel that the deck does not have enough variation for so many battles after another, if you are half or 3/4 in the stage, it starts getting a rather stale as you always get the same cards out of your deck as it only contains 30 with a bunch of doubles usually. Maybe occasionally getting a non deck extra card (jndicated by a different colored glow) when your hand only contains 2 cards or so could spice things up a bit from time to time.Or maybe a random card mode, where you just get random cards out of your posession would be very nice for a change of pace.Some other things:Boons could also offer more variatio and not be in always the same order.The second pet feels a lot weaker than the first one, the lifesteal seems to do nearly nothingand it dies very fastAside very polished and nice visuals and audio"
76561198086550606,Recommended,265000,27580265,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kerpal929,"After watching a review on this title, I knew I would love it and I was not disappointed. Great game with style and wit."
76561197970711358,Recommended,265000,24413614,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Ghus,"Awesome game and unique in its own way! I'm not far in the game but I enjoy it. Small session or long session, its COOL!"
76561198261066527,Recommended,265000,25278356,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),OMG i am amazed how amazing this game is.  i had doubts at first but i love these arena... games the amount of cards there  are... this game has endless replayability....  and the music is WOWWWWWW ... especially when your selecting your cards... i jsut sit there and turn volume up in my headphones and it makes me think about lifee....   and stuff i should of done or am going to do  ..... wow theres going t obe many hours on this for me..... i love the pets and the bosses.. whoever is thinkin of buying this do not hesitate.. i nearly refunded due to fps being to low but i turned bloom off and it is 25 30 fps more than enough for me noone needs more than 30fps anyway  or 20 .. happy gaminggggg anyone know what the soundtrack is called to the tune im referring to?.
,Recommended,265000,22133087,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Lord  Lodberg CXII,"90 hours played before release and it has been an utter delight to follow the developers on their work!With all the cards, upgrades, maps, environments, arena rules, champions and companions, this game is perfectly random while still requirering skill and strategy to win. No battle is the same!There might still be crashes and bugs, but trust me the developers are intensively working on this game and they actually care about the players!"
,Not Recommended,265000,34926891,Posted: 13 September,all,Set Sail for Fail,"Well, it's 11+ hours played, and I am already tired of grinding.Card unlocks are too damn slow, this pace is more suitable for F2P title. I want to experiment with awesome cards, make fun builds, and instead, I am beating same mobs in same arenas again and again. About 1.5 hours of farm unlock 5-7 random cards. And there are 100+ locked cards. Some are rare, some are supreme. Of course, the latter will require more time. I don't want to prove it - I'm done.I used to admire this concept, but no matter how interesting it looks, for now it's just a waste of time.P.S.: Loved previous FORCED. There were ridiculous amounts of fun and rage as opposed to Showdown, which is pretty much boring."
76561197970925405,Recommended,265000,22142547,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Trusty Mutsi,"This game is a LOT of fun. It took a little while to get used to it, but once I got the gameplay down, I got addicted. LOVE the card system. It adds a LOT to the gameplay. I'm not great with games like Hearthstone. I like the IDEA of card games like Hearthstone, but I'm just not very good at card strategy. Forced Showdown is right up my alley. Just enough card building to scratch the itch, but the rest is a fun action game. Kinda Gauntlet meets Hearthstone. For you younger gamers, change that to Diablo meets Hearthstone. :)I'm even MORE impressed by the developers of the game. BetaDwarf has been Johnny-On-The-Spot dealing with any issues with the game. Just check out the discussion board. One player complained about V-Sync not being available, which would make their rig overheat. The dev actually grabbed a programmer and took care of it.BetaDwarf also has an amazing origin story. It’s amazing what they’ve accomplished. Check out their story here:http://imgur.com/gallery/4fsfR"
76561198033457162,Recommended,265000,27602520,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hahawhatsnext,Very nice single play game. Tons of replaybility and randomness. Good combination with DBG.
76561197960288196,Recommended,265000,22214090,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,jotun,Incredible idea. Incredible execution. Incredibly fun.
76561197983400305,Recommended,265000,27731656,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tsulina,"It's a tricky action game with a good sense of humor, that I just keep going back to."
76561197997142208,Recommended,265000,22190128,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Violator,IF Hearthstone and Heroes of the Storm had a baby. 10/10
76561198245959472,Recommended,265000,22309473,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,JACE77707,"This game is amazing in every way possble except for two things.  One I know Beta Dwarf puposefully put in: IT'S REALLY F*CKING HARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But other than that, the only problem is np co-op."
76561197990286995,Recommended,265000,22148910,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,daz.,"Forced: Showdown is a great innovative game.It has alot of elements from modern games put into one big giant cake.Pros:+ Good selection of heroes with nice features to them.+ If you're into deckbuilding games you'll love this game. There's alot of cards that are unique and adds ""special effects"" to your hero.+ Alot of content to complete(considering all quests).+ Leaderboards to show off your your skills.+ It's a beautiful looking game.+ Also if you're an achievment hunter, there's _alot_ of hard achievments to be gathered!Cons:- Im now addicted. 11/10.JOIN THE SHOOOW!"
,Recommended,265000,22208761,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Sk_6zqun,"A good game! It created new way to play. Both strategy and action, it's more fun and awesome. what's more , i can collect cards. and i prefer the sytle of cards ! In the deluxy version , there are many media and pic packs, which looks so wonderful and show the of the game!!"
76561197970703972,Recommended,265000,22132622,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Santiak,"A little gem of a game, in my opinion.Gameplay:While it - for the moment being - only offers singleplayer, I find that the singleplayer offers enough variety to keep me entertained for a good while. In many ways, it offers the same type of longevity as games like ""Binding of Isaac"" or ""Nuclear Throne"", with the added mechanics of a CCG to add a level of customization and controlled experimentation.Each character offers a different approach to combat, both in terms of their basic attacks as well as additional abilities (damage avoidance, secondary ability, etc), and this is reflected in the character specific cards as well.Add to this the modifiers applied to each ""Battle"", and you get a system where each new run is likely to be at least somewhat different from the last.Presentation:The games artstyle is good, with a clear sense of direction and a good representation. Likewise, the game is also presented with a good amount of humour, but not to such a degree that you could possibly find yourself ""playing for the laughs"".Support:The Devs have been very open and forthcoming, and you get a strong feeling that they're intent on seeing the game through not just until launch, but well after launch as well, and that they have no issues with listening to feedback (either negative or positive), opting to be transparent in their answers rather than giving a standard-formula reply to questions that could potentially scare away some players if the answer differs from what some people feel should be the answer.All in all:A game that offers longevity so long as you find it fun seeing where the next battle takes you; how far you can make it, what cards you're dealt, what modifiers you're given, and trying to beat your own best score - something that can keep you coming back just to see how the next run will go down.Likewise, with the dedication and openess of the Devs, it's easy to imagine this game evolving beyond its launch state."
,Recommended,265000,22137359,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Bucherson,"Hi there! You're probably scrolling through the reviews wondering if this game is any good. Well you can stop scrolling, because everything you need to know is in this next sentence:The game will be amazeballs, so buy it now.""Will be?"" you might ask, and as you should! Right now, the state of the game is simply 'amazing.' All of the core mechanics work, music is top notch, voice acting is so fantastic it would make Kevin Spacey blush (no this is not a biased opinion of the VO just because I voice C-SAR. I'm pretty sure he would blush. Might even ask me out), and the gameplay is solid!So why is it only 'amazing' right now and not 'amazeballs?' Well that's because this isn't even the game's final form. There are still so many gaps to fill, especially with the small roster of contestants and three shows to go through! With a bowl of updates, a plate full of hope, and a small beverage of tenacity, this game will surely make you feel all warm and fuzzy inside with how amazeballs it is. But for now, you'll have to settle for just the first serving (which is still amazing).So, in short: The game is amazing, a little more and it will be amazeballs. C-SAR OUT."
,Recommended,265000,26417398,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Super Alexa,hidden singleplayer gem 8/10
76561198005140137,Not Recommended,265000,24285701,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Caridor,"This game is fun......for a while.And in a while, it might be fun again.You see, this game has a set of cards, which are essentially upgrades you get every level and there are a lot of cards, which is fantastic and could give the game a great deal of longevity.The problem is that there is a dead zone in the middle, which I've reached, where the fun of the game is wearing off but you don't yet have enough cards to change up your deck significantly and try new builds.As a result, I'm either going to have to grind through or give up the game and honestly, I'm giving up. There are lots of games out there that aren't grinds, that are fun all the way through, so unless you're really enamoured with the idea, this probably won't hold your attention for more than a few hours."
,Recommended,265000,26768103,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pigz87,"Great way to waste time, feel chalenged and have fun"
76561197990782629,Recommended,265000,22135144,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Banjal,"Its a mix of Smash TV, with some Hearthstone deck building."
76561197992919426,Recommended,265000,22153280,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Yamhikari,Amazing game 5/7.
76561198006570636,Recommended,265000,22901652,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,joe_mag,I really like the game. but would love more characters and cards. maybe card packs that change how the current characters play. those would be cool dlc and new maps and bosses as well. i know i ask for alot but i would be more than willing to pay for such featers
,Recommended,265000,25590823,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,BlackRambo,I love this game
76561198270948153,Recommended,265000,28145120,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,jacobfeldman2015,Amazing game. If you look at this and think you'll like it you will.
,Recommended,265000,29326727,Posted: 17 January,all,a really bad player,"After playing a few MOBAs, I kept thinking ""this is boring, I just want to kill things.""Forced Showdown was the answer."
,Recommended,265000,22135081,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,SubWoofer,Excellent Game
,Recommended,265000,22136803,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Bruuaga,it's pretty neat
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,265000,29753238,Posted: 6 February,all,Nathaniel Prime,"I would allllllmost recommend this game, but I can't quite bring myself to fully endorse it. The basic concept is that you get put in an arena for eight rounds and need to kill all the enemies. The cool part is that each round you get to play cards that boost your character in various ways, some temporary and some for the whole eight rounds.There are two really annoying features that keep me from endorsing the game. First, one or two of the quests are bugged and do not register properly as completed. This includes the absolutely most annoying quest in the game, which involves being lucky enough to have your partner turn evil, the enemies be smart enough (hah!) to not kill themselves, and you to finish off every single one with the weakest attack in the game.Two, it is more luck-based than it should be. Those eight arenas I mentioned? A ""program"" is several of those in a row, topping out at, as far as I can see, eight in a row. If you lose a single one of them, you're kicked back to the beginning. This can be a huge problem as some characters are at an extreme disadvantage against certain bosses.If this game gets a little more love I would probably change my review, but it isn't quite there yet."
,Recommended,265000,29038494,Posted: 5 January,all,*711,"Forever I've been scorned  by Diablo 3 and their reluctance to give me gamepad support to the PC... not anymore since I started playing this about 23 hours ago and I'm yet to slow down.To keep this to-the-point I'll simply highlight the reasons why you should buy it:1. The gameplay is SMOOTH.2. No microtransactions to stall progress.3. The rogue-like elements are light and by no means feel like a burden.4. The card mechanics add a REALLY REALLY neat mix to the gameplay.5. The areas are short and you never feel like you're doing ANY kind of busy work, it's action action action non-stop.6. This game has quite a bit of RNG in it but on every aspect it seems like you have some level of control and choice making the whole randomness feel much more manageable and giving us a very neat layer of strategy.7. The difficulty seems fair and often times creates very clutch moments.Now for what I don't like:1. It's a indie title and looks like one, the graphics won't impress anyone.2. I'd love some pre-built decks and/or an easy in-game access to suggestions, it's a bit annoying to build them as is and the deck building interface doesn't help AT ALL.3. I’d like more of the commentator in-game, as it stands during matches he barely opens his mouth… I’d pay quite a bit of cash to see YouTubers lending their voice-overs and such. As it stands, it feels very dry on this regard.Bottom line, pay full price if you must, this game is a must have for anyone that has even a passing interest in any of the parts that make it (namely ARPGs, card games and rogue-like), it takes the best of each and while not over simplifying any creates something trully unique and incredibly fun to play."
76561198107378389,Recommended,265000,22132220,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,JaBistro,very relaxing and chill game!
76561198047145888,Recommended,265000,22132711,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Dave,Guys first game i like to review becouse its absolutly great and it should be a great hit. It makes totally fun to build your deck and cracking the Arenas and the Bosses with your hero. Totally unique game.
76561198022653747,Not Recommended,265000,23879216,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Shammeh,"Currently unplayable for me. I played through the first area and killed the Burninator while collecting cards and enjoying the gameplay, but once I finished the crucible I could no longer start another run without the game crashing. Windowed, full screen, different characters, companions and areas and the game will allways crash after character select. So while I do really want to play more of this game, until that problem is resolved the game is very literally unplayable for me. I know I'm not the only one facing issues with consistant crashing, just looking into the general discussion on steam will show you that, so I guess I would recommend waiting to buy this game until they iron out all the kinks."
,Not Recommended,265000,24469759,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,wOlZaRg,Absolutely love the game but on a half decent machine im getting frame by fame fps on some fights on lowest settings. This is simply not acceptable. Trying to compete on the ladder when one hit means the difference between 1st and 5th position and i have to do bosses at 4 frames a second is more frustration than it is worth.
,Not Recommended,265000,31699894,Posted: 12 May,all,Mr.B,"I was pretty exited to begin with. But after a while it dawned on me that there is absolutely nothing to this game. The humor was ok the first few times you hear the same sentance. The gfx is good, and the AI is ok. But its main draw i thought was the diverity in enemies.  But after a few hours you have seen everything there is to se, and heard every joke. You fight the same few bosses over and over.A big bummer is that every time you beat the main boss of a chamber. you reset. Everything you gain, every boon, every upgrade, every spell. Everything is reset, and you start over. You gain just a bit of gold, for a chance to get a few, tiny bit better cards. For a standalone single-player game. They really want to 'forced' you to play the game more than will be fun. I for one, can see a lot of different ways to do it. And still give the player hours of replayability.There is only 2 viable heroes in the game. 1 you start with. And the other is the in a DLC. Litterally all of the others are junk. Closecombat is useless since enemies blow up in your face. And the archer, is so extremely slow, it is just painful to play him..But the major flaw of this game, is that they chose to make it single-player only. Co-op in this game would have meant a heck of a difference. And was also the main draw in the first FORCED game."
,Recommended,265000,22133347,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,2inchlover,I'm a frugal college student. I bought this game. It's that good.
,Recommended,265000,22132330,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Ian,"It's more fun to play than to watch, if you like twin stick shooters this is well worth a purchase :)"
,Recommended,265000,24492559,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Broda,Love this game! Totally underrated. Try it out!
76561197994011501,Recommended,265000,32221067,Posted: 6 June,all,DK,"Great solo arena brawler game! The creators took FORCED and refined to it a very nice solo experience with rogue and hearthstone-esque card mechanics to enhance your character on every run of the arenas. If you enjoy top down brawlers and rougelike mechanics, definitely recommend this game! Just beware it gets pretty addictive."
76561197970521558,Recommended,265000,27118823,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jᵅᵞᴮᴿᴼ,GG
76561198056924348,Recommended,265000,22455454,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Oztas,"Cartoony çizimleri olan , action rpg + card game  tarzı bir oyun.Oynanış zevkli olsa da öldükten sonra  sıfırdan başlamak biraz can sıkıyor."
,Recommended,265000,22243615,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,[snax] poky,♥♥♥♥♥♥gud
76561198026660708,Recommended,265000,31415933,Posted: 28 April,all,FreddieCHZburger,Great game if you're on the fence and read this review BUY IT
76561198072445406,Recommended,265000,33314851,Posted: 6 July,all,Shittoagen,"Found this game through the discovery section. Wow, what a gem! Making decks and using them in an action rpg is such a fantastic and addicting idea. Fights are really well balanced and challenging. I have just scratched the surface but I hope developers tries to focus on this game a bit more and release a couple more heroes. It's much better than their other games.If you are looking for something unique and different give this game a try!"
76561197997743522,Recommended,265000,23833706,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,RoyalFlush,Excellent game
,Not Recommended,265000,27743893,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Patches,"It's an okay twin-stick game... But it's a premium game with boring f2p mechanics to create a false sense of ""progression"".I would say the game is mostly full of annoyances rather than quality content. The randomness is within reason, but literally everything has some stupid animation you have to sit through (very few you can actually skip). So, most of the time ends up being spent waiting for the game to finish wasting time because somebody thought it'd be fun to watch. Levels have random global effects, but you won't know what each one is until you select the level... not like you could prepare much anyway, since you're deck and companion are locked in.Given that the game has been out for some time, I don't expect things to change. Overall, I can't figure out why I would play this over something like Enter the Gungeon."
76561198181897003,Recommended,265000,23400826,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ItzErno,"This game is freaking awesome,"
,Recommended,265000,11780815,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Slurry,An absolutely amazing roguelike-deckbuilding game with really friendly and amazing developers behind it. Try it out when you get a chance.
,Recommended,265000,22268200,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Jarden,21
76561198094311301,Recommended,265000,22228266,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ColossalGoliath,This game is extremely laggy for me for some reason I can't figure out. My pc specs completely overpass the checking list for the games recommended system requirements and I've watched other people play it just fine but for some reason it is terrible to play on my pc. Can anyone help me out? I would really appreciate it! Other than this problem it seemed like a great game from what I've seen and heard.
,Recommended,265000,24488210,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,bubbaste,"Loads of fun, Loads of laughs and by the gods of all faiths is it addictive."
76561198027506023,Recommended,265000,25155798,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Guardian,Fun little arena game if you can get it on a 75% off sale. Not much depth but fun all the same.
76561198126451529,Recommended,265000,27851587,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MLGToma,I FEEL FORCED TO WRITE DIS REVIEW COZ THE GAME IS SO GOOD AND THAT IS FROM SOMEONE WHO USUALLY DOESNT LIKE ROGUELIKEZ.
,Recommended,265000,23880668,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Karlsmart,Pretty good
,Not Recommended,265000,29357595,Posted: 19 January,all,The Forger,"I played both FORCED (in 2013) and FORCED SHOWDOWN.SHOWDOWN is still fun to play because of the core gameplay. And I love challenging games and SHOWDOWN is one of them.Now why I don't recommend SHOWDOWN:It's a RNG ♥♥♥♥♥how.Somehow there's a card system that is a rip-off of that indie card game Hearthstone. Not hating on copying Hearthstone but it adds a lot of randomness.You play a series of arenas that are chosen randomly.Against enemies that are chosen randomly.The boss at the end of the series is chosen randomly (except for the final one of ""the show"" and some few exceptions)There are modifiers that changes things that are chosen randomly (i.e. having random fireballs going through the arena that you must dodge)If you have the Drone Invasion DLC which I have, the number of series you are literally in a maze where you must do a series of arena to move and you do this until you eventually find the boss.You have quests that you can do if luck is in your favor (draw the right cards)Thewholegame is this. You have to play at least 8 series of arenas in a row before doing one more containing the final boss of ""the show"". When you think you have unlocked new content (a new show) you have just unlocked a new boss to fight that you won't get to fight unless you win at least 8 series of arenas in a row without dying once.Because if you die it'sgame overgg wp and try again. It gets repetitive really fast.Now I don't mind failing and retrying I did that a lot in the original FORCED. But at least I had to restart a specific level rather than the whole game.It feels like BetaDwarf bet too much on random generation hoping that it would dynamically create hours of enjoyable gaming with shiny cards to unlock at the end. It almost worked I did play SHOWDOWN more than the original FORCED. But I enjoyed FORCED much more than SHOWDOWN.In the orignal FORCED game the arenas were smartly crafted instead of having some place with walls and barrels. The progression made sense it was exciting from the beginning to the end. New areas meant new landscapes and enemies. The levelling system was smooth. The difficulty progressively increases throughout the game. And alsoyou could play with friends in Co-op (which you can't in SHOWDOWN).Basically playing FORCED SHOWDOWN is almost like playing an arcade game made by a Las Vegas casino. You insert a coin and you get butt ♥♥♥♥ed by RNGsus and game over. The only difference is that you don't insert coins.Buy FORCED SHOWDOWN if:You like doing the same thing over and overYou don't mind the gambleBuy FORCED instead if:You don't have it yet (keep in mind that I played the game in 2013 and the game may have changed since)tl;dr SHOWDOWN feels like rushed. Gets very repetitive. Way too much RNG. FORCED is far better."
,Recommended,265000,22129375,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,SlaMoKa,really amazing game but T_T no money to buy it xd
,Not Recommended,265000,23927284,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mitch_Rapp27,"This game looked amazing and right up my alley...however, I couldn't play past the tutorial.  Game just crashed when trying to start a run.  I know I am in the minority on this one...but it was super frusterating.  I tried multiple times to restart, windowed, full screen, reinstall, update drivers....nothing worked.  I had to request a refund."
76561198009196950,Not Recommended,265000,31948397,Posted: 25 May,all,Bill Roy,"Pros : good gameplay & fun atmosphereCons : Lots of bugs, lots of crash and limited content."
76561198141418778,Recommended,265000,30261553,Posted: 1 March,all,nimthosg,-
,Not Recommended,265000,34728955,Posted: 3 September,all,malaisling,"The premise of the game is interesting but the way it's been carried out is just extremely unenjoyable.First of all, there's only five characters. Was expecting at least ten to twenty considering how simple each is and how grindy the gameplay is. But no, there's only five to pick from. That alone is a huge immediate stunt to the entire game is that there's barely any player choice, you have to just pick from one of five generic characters and if you don't like any of them then that's your problem.The gameplay itself is literally grinding. Players fight through randomly generated, inconsequentially designed maps and kill fodder enemies who often only deal damage by hitting players when they aren't looking or with their overbearing capabilities. That is the whole game, is killing fodder in a box, over and over. Alright, you made the boring grind mode players have to endure if they want more currency; now where is the actual game.The world design itself is generic but the maps are just unappealing. Flying pirate rat place, floating human medieval garden place. They look so stupid and abrasive to the eyes it's like one of those bad three dimensional cartoon childrens games, badly thought out fantasy that just isn't cool as a concept.The difficulty is not there, as said it mostly comes from arbitrary things; there's little real challenge. In the end, defeat is decided by the player gradually losing pieces of their health overtime across all the stages; and then if they don't have enough to defeat the boss then game over restart it all again. Which wouldn't be a problem if the gameplay wasn't so generally boring and grindy. There's no challenge or strategy or structure at all.And as a side note, certain allies players can spawn are actually capable of hurting them. There's one-way friendly fire between the player and mob type ally enemies they conjure up. So you can die because your mob ally decided to fire out a wave of missles while standing beside you, and that literally happened one time and reset the entire thirty minute run.Game doesn't even have multiplayer, which not only is what the game looks like it was entirely designed for but in its current state multiplayer is the only thing that would make it remotely playable.Game should have been a free competitive and cooperative arena fighter and wave survival game with purchasable currency to buy more cards or one of more then five characters. What this is feels like a couple good mechanical concepts mashed into multiple different gameplay settings they don't belong in at all coupled with unstructured boring gameplay and little character diversity. This literally felt like a chore to play."
,Recommended,265000,23874958,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Hurchan,I like turtles
,Not Recommended,265000,23880924,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Brock The Rock,"This game would be fun if I could get over the unacceptable amount of bugs.The boon menu has no Confirm button, so I have to blindly click to select boons. (I had to look up a gameplay video to figure out what kind of magic was needed to select a boon, and it turns out several UI elements are flat out missing in my game.)Every single time I quit the game, the bug tracker stays on, which means I can't open the game again through steam. I have to open Task Manager and kill the process.When I first loaded up the game it was at my native resolution of 2560x1080. I accidentally changed it to 1920x1080, and now there is no option in the drop-down to change it back.Verifying game cache has not fixed any of the above issues.This was a somewhat enjoyable experience, but the amount of bugs are embarrassing for a game that's not in early access. I'm just under 2 hours and I'm on the fence about refunding.EDIT: I checked the forums as recommended and the bugs I mentioned had already been reported.  I decided to give the devs a chance and waited almost 2 months, but still no fixes. Now I can't even get a refund because I waited more than 2 weeks. If the game works for you, that's great, but if you encounter any bugs, there is apparently absolutely no support."
76561197993653954,Not Recommended,265000,22176925,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Nall,"Extremely disappointed in the Lack of Multiplayer.I absolutely LOVED Forced and its 1 - 4 player co-op, its literally what made the game for me... I personally own 5 copies of the game and gifted a few of my friends the game. When Forced (2) Showdown came out, I was all-aboard the hype train... I kept waiting for the multiplayer to unlock.... this game shouldnt even be called ""Forced"" without such a key feature missing.. Will NOT recommend without a multiplayer feature - plain and simple."
76561197988395948,Not Recommended,265000,24679081,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Squibbys,"Fanboy review:  Excellent Buy! Double down with the expansion!  10/10Casual/Noob review: Do NOT buy!   Hard as h*** to beat even the 1st level, which needs to be beat to upgrade everything.  I am OK at games but the hump you have to get over to start is a deal breaker.  I've been trying to make progress for almost 10 hours and NADA.  I'm sure the game rocks (as its cool), but I have not seen any rewards as of yet until I beat the 1st level.  The game mechanics are good.  The game play is hectic as to make everything too random and hard as F***."
,Not Recommended,265000,24112797,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Deivian,This games crashes more than anything.
,Not Recommended,265000,32226834,Posted: 6 June,all,Noy,"This game is way too easy, and if it is made hard it is done in a cheap way. Its fun for a bit though. Meh."
76561198037126245,Not Recommended,265000,24700975,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,drgntrs,"Should be called Forced Shutdown.  Super buggy game, cards don't work as described, freezes and force closes constantly.  Seasons work maybe 1 of 5 times I load the game, which loads maybe 2 of 3 times.  When it's running it's a blast, but until they fix the issues it's rather unplayable."
76561197970339445,Not Recommended,265000,22211779,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,++,"Good idea, but shallow gameplay with low fun factor."
76561198059599095,Not Recommended,265000,24100524,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Three1stNames,"Didn't work, only game I ever refunded."
76561197995205268,Not Recommended,265000,22600956,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,psyrillmadrahn,"I'm apparently one of a few enough number that can't get the game to start that the devs don't really care.  Had tried initially talking to the devs to figure out what the issue was.  Have reinstalled the game, my drivers, etc. several times.  Still waited though to see if they'd put out a patch that would fix it.  Wanted to try the game, but no dice I guess.They won't be getting any more of my money either, almost exactly two weeks after I had purchased the game, I stopped hearing back from them.  I guess they thought I wouldn't try to get a refund after two weeks, and they could just keep my money for a game I couldn't play.  Poorly handled, devs.  Goodbye."
,Not Recommended,265000,24079061,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,DietOlive,I can't get this game to run past the main menu.
,Not Recommended,265000,23594068,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Disc-OH!,It's all the complexity of card bulidling and skill selection with none of the pay off.It's abysmal.
,Not Recommended,265000,22226881,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Stromboli Bones,No multiplayer. Pls.
,Not Recommended,265000,23891759,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,frette,"The menu looks decent, but that's all I can say since, you see, as soon as I start a game, the game crashes... Good thing there's a refund system for pre-alpha version release scumbag moves like this."
76561198031969933,Not Recommended,265000,22754010,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,IronCodeMonkey,"Yes, it's my fault for not realizing the game was single player, but how do you carry over the FORCED name without a freaking co-op mode???I am very sadden by this."
76561198061396398,Not Recommended,265000,22753987,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,twistangst,I loved the original Forced. it was a 10/10. Why co-op!!This game is pointless with out co-op.  And I feel like I was tricked into buying this because I thought there was.  When this game becomes co-op.  I'll change my recommendation.
76561197970538707,Not Recommended,265000,22154957,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,JIM,"This game has some ok system design, but it isn't coop as one would expect given the previous entry in the FORCED series. I returned the game until coop is added."
76561198094892990,Not Recommended,265000,28151551,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,KING_DOOM_666,"game is crap, boring as hell, and dumb"
76561197966358311,Recommended,265000,23957838,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ketamarine,Super simple deck building action rpg-ish fun!
76561198149335112,Recommended,265000,22221765,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,EKTAWAN,AWESOME!!! thx for great update.
76561198068065140,Recommended,265000,33212895,Posted: 3 July,all,Mordeth Kai,"A lot of fun, if a bit repetitive.The deck building mechanics keep things interesting, although it can be frustrating to get screwed by RNG. The arenas are sometimes extremely cramped, and when combined with the right group of enemies dodging becomes impossible. On the other hand, building up persistent bonus's and creating a working strategy is very satisfying. It’s also a great game for people who enjoy RPG's but don't have the time or desire to commit to something lengthy. It’s a great game for short play sessions, but becomes very repetitive if binging."
76561197969827080,Recommended,265000,33019581,Posted: 29 June,all,Ryzbre,Despite the game description;  this is NOT a bullet hell shooter.  that said it's still a pretty entertaining arena shmup.  Although you'll mostly die because RNG this game still fun enough to pick up.
76561197970660248,Recommended,265000,31914594,Posted: 23 May,all,Gyrxfriz,"This is, simply put, a brilliant game. I buy a lot of games on Steam because the idea sounds great, but in many cases those good ideas are poorly implemented and get old very quickly. In contrast, Forced Showdown does everything right. All the different game modes, boons, characters and decks and the related card unlocks make every game feel fresh.It's a great game, and I'm glad I bought it. 10/10"
,Recommended,265000,32712731,Posted: 23 June,all,o4zloiroman,"Roguelite twinstick action game with CCG elements. Pick a character, build a deck, go on a rampage, repeat. Campy yet charming design."
,Recommended,265000,31902117,Posted: 22 May,all,dreamshade,"Roguelike where you build a pool of bonus cards that randomly appear, instead of just hunting for random powerups. And it feels a bit more fast-pace than other roguelikes. I haven't beaten the second boss yet, but I'm having a lot of fun trying to get the right combinations of things figured out."
,Recommended,265000,31927266,Posted: 23 May,all,Gravy,A pretty fun game if you're into the repetitious gameplay it provides. I had a good time with what I put into it.
76561198066560320,Recommended,265000,34728032,Posted: 3 September,all,Dragoo023,just brought the game but wont let me go pass the load screen.  Would like to play the game.
,Recommended,265000,34773718,Posted: 6 September,all,Gohrum,"A very fun rogue-lite arena oriented dungeon-crawler.At first has a very intense difficuly spike, but once you get the mechanics and start doing the ""quests"", you get permanent boosts and new cards and the game gets better and better.The gameplay is fluid and precise, has several characters and all of them are enjoyable to play.The decks are varied and have a heartstone-like deck builder where you can create new builds.The graphics are pretty nice and there are plenty of variety of enemies and bosses.Boss mechanics are well balanced, (except the tank, that is a little tricky), and the combats feel rewarding when you finally can kill them."
76561197986160636,Recommended,265000,34269792,Posted: 15 August,all,Random_Killer312,"Easily the best single player game on Steam, the cards themselves make it extermely replayable. I've put tons of hours in and am maybe halfway through unlocking ONE of the character layouts? It's fun. They've been pressured into making this co op but because they didnt origionally design it to be co op they've decided not to. Bad call in my opinion but it's a good game none the less."
76561198213669760,Recommended,265000,35483477,Posted: 4 October,all,Blazon,"A bit hard at first, but if you haven't reagequit then it becomes the ultimate tv show"
