user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,265300,13208310,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,zanos,"Overall, I had to say that I enjoyed playing this game. When I first started it, I was encountering some crashes but someone's suggestion on the forum quickly cleared up anything and I never saw a crash since. Regarding the gameplay, I enjoyed it. The combat did feel grittier than a Souls game, and I like how the magic in this game was much more 'supportive' rather than primary, as it can be in a Souls game (as an aside, I feel like magic ruined Dark Souls 2, but that's just an aside).The boss designs were decent--they could use improvement, but I did enjoy some of them. I also did enjoy all of the little details they put in the game, like different ways to defeat bosses, different ending paths based on choices (which did seem a little hardboiled at times but was still a nice effort none the less). The only thing that frustrated me from time to time was the level design, which seemed labyrinthine.There's lots of weapons in this game, and plenty of loot. The armor and weapon design were all decent.All in all, is it ""Souls-like""? Yes, it is. Do I care? No. It's not like Dark Souls was the first Action RPG. Is it a fun game? Yes, yes it is. Do I hope they make another one and improve upon the first? Yes.I think what sometimes people forget, especially with original titles is that to criticize it needlessly and blast it with negative reviews, and to make statements such as ""don't support this publisher"", will ultimately lead to less variety, innovation, and entertainment. This is not a defense of bad games, but it is a defense of ""improvement"". If they make another, and I hope they do, I hope they can improve the formula, add some additional features that make it interesting and continue to innovate on this extremely fun genre. The more the merrier, I say."
,Recommended,265300,18190043,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,DrBrogbo,"Rating - 81/100Recommendation - Worth looking at, just don't expect Dark SoulsDisclaimer 1: Lots of people talk about crashing, but I had literally zero problems. I don't know if I'm super lucky or if issues have been patched, but I can't deduct points for problems I didn't have. Just be warned.Disclaimer 2: This game is not Dark Souls. If you're expecting Dark Souls, you'll be disappointed. If you're hoping for Dark Souls, you'll be disappointed. THAT BEING SAID, I will be doing comparisons to how Dark Souls works since it's probably the frame of reference most people will be coming from.I liked this game a LOT more than I was expecting to. Reviews for it were pretty terrible at first, and are only mediocre now, but the only thing I can think of to cause that is people coming in here with a mentality of ""let's see how different it is from Dark Souls."" It's clear from the get-go that the developers were trying to capitalize on a formula made prominent by the Souls games, but please try to judge this game of its own accord rather than compared to the genre juggernauts.Right off the bat, Souls players should feel comfortable. Combat is mostly focused on patience and energy (stamina) conservation, knowing when to block/dodge/strike, etc. Jumping in and flailing will get you ripped to shreds, and studying your enemies attack patterns = success. Killing enemies gives you experience, which you can use to level up attributes or spells at shards (save points). However, unlike the Souls games, using a shard doesn't respawn enemies in the world (that only happens when you die or leave the zone), but rather resets your experience multiplier. As you kill enemies, your experience multiplier increases, giving you a reward for taking risks and saving less often. When you die, you drop all your experience, and unlike the Souls games, you have a limited amount of time to pick it back up again before it vanishes. I liked the system a lot. It's a mild evolution on a formula, but it introduced just enough to keep things interesting.There's some frustration with combat, though. It's inconsistent and unreliable what attacks will break an enemy's guard, and even when you do, their shields are back up before you're even mid-swing. Harkyn (you), on the other hand, seems to get stunned for 8 seconds. It's frustrating. Fights with shield enemies are either shoot-from-afar-with-my-gauntlet or block-their-hit-and-hit-back-until-death. Plus, hit detection is not perfect. I had a not-insignificant number of sword swings and gauntlet shots that simply passed right through enemies. It wasn't a rampant problem, but it should NEVER happen.Story-wise, I actually liked this game a lot more than Dark Souls (I welcome your knee-jerk reaction downvotes). A huge part of Dark Souls' mystique and whatnot comes from a complete lack of communication with the player. Lords of the Fallen is not that game. You have objectives (story quests only), the world is laid out more linearly, and while your hand is never held, the difficulty in the game is in achieving objectives rather than figuring out what to do AND THEN doing it. The story is serviceable, and moves around enough to be interesting, but it's nothing groundbreaking.I think this game actually serves as a good halfway step between standard RPGs and Dark Souls. The difficulty is more approachable, as is the game world itself. You have a mission objective, but no map or direction markers, and side quests are never tracked at all, so it's up to you to remember where people/things are. I loved it. It still left some of the questing burden on me, but I never got that ""oooookay, what do I do now?"" feeling. You're told to ""fight to the top of the citadel"" but then left to your own devices.Hardcore Souls players might be turned off by that type of gameplay, but I welcomed it. No getting your intestines ripped out through your nostrils right away in the catacombs here. Don't get me wrong, this game is still difficult, but I had an easier time here than in the Souls games. I can't say for sure that it's because Lords of the Fallen is easier, since it's just as likely that playing through Dark Souls, Demon's Souls, Dark Souls 2, and then Dark Souls again prepared me for this one. New players be warned, this is not an easy game. You can't really wander into an area you're not supposed to be yet, though, so there is that.The world itself is not all that large (maybe half the size of Dark Souls), and there's a bit of backtracking, but it never feels all that repetitive. Enemies in certain areas will change and grow stronger as you play through the main story, so the parts where you do have to backtrack are at least interesting again. To be honest, most of the backtracking was due to side quests, which can be completely ignored. Fair warning, too, I did grind a bit (probably 4 or 5 hours' worth), but that's just because I wanted to try higher gear. I can't say for sure that it's necessary, although it did help.Speaking of gear, this is one of the game's weak points. The armor sets and weapons look beautiful, and they're almost all beefy and chunky, but all of the classes end up being built the same way. I picked the Cleric class (the healing spell is FANTASTIC) and built my character for speed, but could have doubled as a tank. By the end of the game, my regular sword (there's shortswords, swords, then greatswords) did more damage than all but 2 of my great-weapons, and swung faster. I had all but one spell level unlocked (there's 4 spells per class, each with 3 levels), and enough strength/stamina/poise to withstand direct hits from the final boss with no damage. I honestly can't see how building solely as a warrior would have been that much stronger.I suppose that's another thing I liked about this game, though. In Dark Souls, even though I played as a tanky build, I always felt extremely weak, even right up to the end. In Lords of the Fallen, however, I really got a sense of how strong I became. Maybe it's because it's easier and quicker to backtrack and fight early enemies, but it felt quite a bit more apparent what effect all that leveling up had.Overall, I legitimately enjoyed my time here. The graphics are fantastic, the game world is beautifully-designed (even if you are in gothic castles 98% of the time), combat is satisfyingly meaty, the enemies are varied and interesting, the bosses are a decent challenge (they all have hidden bonus objectives too), and aside from a few small glitches, the gameplay was rock-solid.If you come in to this game not expecting it to perfectly fill a Souls-shaped hole in your heart (and you have no crashing issues), you should enjoy it too. I thoroughly did, and I could easily see myself coming back to this game for another playthrough later."
,Recommended,265300,12701986,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Xbob42,"Lords of the Fallen gets a lot of things right, but is also blasted by many people for not being as polished as Dark Souls, or for even trying to be like Dark Souls.  Wherever you stand on that issue, I personally think the expansion of that sort of gameplay into a proper genre is good for business overall.  I want more games like Dark/Demons Souls, not less.If you can get over the fact that yes, the game is very similar to the Souls titles, I think you'll find it to be quite a good game.  It lacks some of the bells and whistles of the Souls titles, such as the persistent and interesting multiplayer found in those games, but I believe it totally nails the combat, and is absolutely packed with secrets, both of which are some of the top reasons I enjoy the Souls games.The story is a lot more straightforward than those titles (Sorry for all the comparisons, but the genre is still in its infancy and there isn't much else to compare it to, and this game wears its inspirations on its shoulders.) which can be both good and bad.  Good because you have a fairly clear motivation, bad because, well, let's face it, the voice acting is pretty mediocre and the talking animations and lip synching are actually kind of embarassingly bad.  Characters gesticulate wildly when saying the simplest things, all while retaining their stiff, wooden, doll-like faces and flapping mouths.The stilted facial expressions clash furiously with the rest of the visuals, which have a distinct Warhammer (read: big shoulder pads, intricate armor, you know whether you enjoy that style or not.  I do, but you may not.) feel that is very consistent.  Having a very solid art style and beautiful technical work and then seeing Playstation 2-level facial animations is jarring to say the least.  It's not too big of a deal, but they put it in there, so I figured I'd give my two cents.  Also I feel it prudent to remind people that while the Souls games had decent voice acting, the characters rarely ever moved at all while talking and mouths never seemed to move at all, so, uhh, just throwing that out there.So, let's talk about gameplay.  This game is said to be easier than the Souls games.  I never found those games to be particularly difficult so much as games that forced you to be patient.  Few fights ever required a high degree of dexterity, just that you observe and wait for an opening.  I think this game handles that just right.  But I warn you: If you're looking for a challenge, choose something besides the Warrior play style.  That class is a lot like the spell-casting class (Noble, was it?) in Demons Souls, where it was basically an easy mode for new players.  Try weird weapons, if you feel too tanky, wear super light armor.  I say these things because if you want the game to be difficult, then the default selections are not for you.The game has fairly lengthy attack animations, longer than the Souls games in many cases, but it also has a bigger impact.  With my great hammer during a well-placed attack I can physically knock enemies across the room, and when it strikes the ground the sound design and visual effects really sell that I'm swinging a huge, deadly weapon and that it is not to be trifled with, but it also takes timing and understanding of each type of swing at my disposal.  I can out-poise some enemies if I wear heavy armor and just swing through it, or to challenge myself I can wear very light armor and rely on timing above all else.Enemies do have a bit of cheapness to them occasionally.  Not all hitboxes are perfect, you can get hit by attacks that appear to miss you by several inches, and sometimes enemies do a very familiar Dark Souls move of ""sliding"" forward at the end of an attack to force it to connect, which feels just as cheap here as it did in the Souls games.  Luckily, both of these problems are fairly rare and tend to be limited to just a few enemy types -- and thankfully after encountering them a few times I didn't seem to notice it happening anymore.  Shouldn't be there to begin with, but not as big of a deal as I thought it would be after the first few times it happened.I want to take a moment to warn you that I don't play these types of games quite the same way I think most people do.  I played a ton of Monster Hunter before I first played a Souls game, so I tend to rarely ever use the lock-on here.  I don't really circle-strafe enemies to fish for backstabs and I don't have many issues with the camera that allegedly appear due to what I assume is locking on in such tight quarters.  If you use lock-on for extended periods, you'll have to get that info elsewhere, as I can't provide you relevant critique on it.Of course, while it borrows from the Souls series, it also has its own little twists that I think are genuinely interesting that may help push the genre forward.  The ideas themselves aren't mind-blowing, but stuff like the experience multiplier for going longer without banking your experience is fantastic, as well as the experience degrading the longer you take to retrieve it after death.  To me, these are pure upgrades to the soul retrieval system in the Souls games, hands-down.  I hope this inspires future games in the genre to think of cool additions as well.I had quite a bit more to say, but this is getting very long for a Steam review.  So I'll wrap it up and give my conclusion:Is this game as polished or as in-depth as the Souls series?  No.  Is it some blasphemy to the genre that you should be offended by?  Absolutely not.  It's a great game, marred right now by some technical problems (I knew I forgot something!  The game is crash-prone at the time of this review and while performance on my Titan Black is fine, on plenty of other rigs it's all over the place.  Check the updates to see if they fix that stuff in a timely fashion.) but once everything is ironed out I absolutely recommend it to any fan of the Souls series if they want more of that style of gameplay, or people intimidated by the Souls games' obtuseness.  This is a good gateway game to those titles.  Don't be an elitist, games like this will push the genre forward, not destroy or harm it!  That's my take on it, at least.  I heartily recommend this!"
,Recommended,265300,19467715,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Falco,"I played this game with low expectations since there are so many negative reviews. But you know what, I had a lot of fun and the game is surprisingly good.It's not as good as DS2. Lords of the Fallen is much shorter, easier (specially towards the end), cliche story, a few problems in its battle mechanics, but definitely not as bad as some people have been writting.I have to say I bought this game in a 75% off steam sales, but I'd say it is worth even at 50%.Give it a go if you enjoyed Dark Souls and Dark Souls2, just don't expect the same level of game!"
76561198106981731,Recommended,265300,29681633,Posted: 3 February,all,OR2008,"I decided to write a review of this game because most of the recent reviews are from people who have barely played the game (some haven't even completed the game) with very little achievement progress. I have spent almost 200 hours playing this game, and have earned every achievement. This may go without ""saying"", but I'll ""say"" it anyway: I'm going to attempt to chronicle my way through this game and the process I used to learn about the mechanics and what I found frustrating. I used an XBox 1 controller, so button references will be made accordingly.Firstly, the game crashes. A lot. I did some research and the general consensus seems to be that one must disable ""NVIDIA Turbulence"". That didn't work for me, so I also disabled ""Volumetric Lighting"" and ""Postprocessing"" and that seemed to have worked.My first playthrough was with the rogue class, whose weapons are governed by the agility trait, which, in my opinion, is disgustingly OP. Part of a rogue's special ability is having a weapon in each hand, which can be strung together into a combo. I used LB, RB, LB, RT, LT a lot. By the end of the game (level 67) I was doing around 1k damage with ""claw"" weapons, at 28 agility, per combo. The other ability, which the rogue can do from the start, and which other classes can do later, is parry.There are 3 shield types, Tower, Kite, and Buckler. Bucklers are used to parry, Kite shields can stun enemies, and Tower shields can reinforce blocking. I've come to the conclusion that tower shields are useless. I began by spending the first few hours learning to parry, which can be overwhelming because I was getting hit. A lot. Which became frustrating. I stuck with it and realized the timing window for parrying is quite large. Gauging an enemy's attack is quite intuitive, which made parrying a lot easier. Definitely a plus for this game. If you decide to get this game, parrying is worth investing the time to learn. Be aware, however, that while every class can use the starting buckler, you have to invest in the agility trait to use the other bucklers, which are much better, found later in the game.The trade-off for a large parry window, at least as far as game mechanics are concerned, is a very small and awkward back-stab activation hit-box. Every enemy has a different hit-box zone and keeping track can become tedious. The other issue with backstabbing is, if you miss the back-stab and are using larger, heavier weapon, you won't recover in-time to block or evade the enemy's attack. This, by itself, isn't a problem, as the rewards with backstabbing is great, and so too must be the risk, but because of the awkward back-stab hit-box, the risk is artificially inflated.My second playthrough was with the cleric class, whose weapons are governed by the faith trait. I had a lot of fun with this class because most of the weapons available to this class are ""hammers"" and they're so fun to use in this game because of the move list. Two-handed power moves and rolling away was the strategy I employed for most of the end-game, especially the final boss. I didn't use the kite shield that often because I spent so much time learning to parry, so as soon I found the buckler, I switched to that. I found that fighting most enemies without the ability to parry their attacks became tedious; it was really difficult to fight around their shields or deal with their attacks. One of the major downsides of this game is that enemy attacks track you through the full attack animation, so the only option with rolling is to roll backward. If you try to roll to either side, the camera glitches out and you end up rolling around the enemy, directly into the attack. Another ""interesting"" mechanic is that enemies, especially bosses, will teleport in the direction of their attack, giving them added range, which, to me, is sloppy programming.My third playthrough was with the warrior class, whose weapons are governed by the strength trait. This was the most difficult playthrough for me. The warrior class uses heavy armor and sits at about 95% of his encumbrance which means your character will be ""fat rolling"". Of course, rolling isn't necessary, because, with heavy armor, your character will just poise through attacks without interruption. This didn't happen as often as I would have liked, since most attacks will interrupt your attacks, even from weaker enemies. The weapons were the most frustrating, as the start-up and recovery frames from attacks are extremely long. I found myself unable to recovery in-time to avoid enemy attacks, so I had to use smaller weapons to keep from depleting my potions (you can refill your potions at anytime at checkpoint crystals and you can add to the total amount of potions you have, but this resets your experience multiplier, which caps at x2), which, to me, defeated the purpose of the warrior class entirely. I couldn't ""roll"" out of the way or block because, with these heavier weapons, the majority of your energy (stamina) is used, especially if you do a power move (RT).The story is quite vapid. Without spoiling anything, the player isn't told why the protagonist is doing what he is doing. The protagonist doesn't seem to buy into the story and we're left wondering if we ought to ourselves. Dialogue choices are also frustrating as some options will advance the story but we don't know which. My first playthrough was riddled with accidental story advancement when I wanted to learn more about what was going on around me and why. No take backs in this game.There isn't a quest selection option either. All secondary quests are done when you remember to do them. You won't know when or how to trigger each side quest either. For this, I highly recommend browsing the wiki:http://lordsofthefallen.wiki.fextralife.com/QuestsSome enemy's attacks, I would argue all enemies, don't have recovery frames, something I've noticed with western studios. This means that there isn't a buffer between the end of one attack and the beginning of another. An enemy can go right into another attack as soon as the previous attack frames end. Your character, on the other hand, has recovery frames. Which means there will be a pause between attack animations. This is a personal pet-peeve.I had fun with this game, but I recommend purchasing it during a steam sale. Like most games, it was released before the game was complete and the game won't be updated beyond 1.6 even though there are obvious issues with it. $28 for the base game and the DLC is way too much for a game in this state."
,Recommended,265300,32577400,Posted: 19 June,all,Isilmer,"I finished 100%, so I can say through my experience this game worth if you are not expecting something at same level as Dark Souls. It really worth if you buy it on sales off. I would give 7.2/10 in general.PROs: Decent combat (not the best but not the worst) 7.5/10Many types of weapons and equipment. 10/10The controllers responds well 8/10The Story is quite nice. 8/10The graphic is good and bad at the same time. 7/10CONs: The game is easy (That disappointed me alot) 6.5/10Bad optimization 5.5/10Not so many types of enemies 6/10Sometimes the graphics looks awful. 7/10The game crashs a lot, but you can fix it."
,Recommended,265300,12689631,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,yoroobs,"Updated with more structure.Why I wrote this rant:It sucks to know so many people are being turned away from this game due to the top review (which isn't the top review now, but it was at the time of writing this) being so negative. I read through the entire review, and came to the conclusion that the guy didn't like the game, felt like he wasted $50 bucks, and decided to write his first review on a good game that he couldn't grasp around what it actually is, in oppose to what he wanted it to be, and it's turning away many people from it. I was almost one of them, but all I could read was someone complaining about everything that this game is suppose to be. So, I picked it up, I have logged 8 hours into it, and I think, personally, he was wrong, but those are his opinions.Combat & controls rant:This game is great, and it has very fluid tight gameplay that beats that of the Souls series. And if you played the Souls games you'll feel at home with the controls for Lords. I'm currently playing as a brawler. So I'm heavily focused on heavy CQC. You got a heavy attack, light attack, parry, block, barrel roll, and all the cool stuff like catching the little♥♥♥♥♥♥in an epic attack animation by catching him from behind. Attacking is damn near perfect, and every weapon I have used so far holds its own weight, and requires you to change up your strategy because one heavy weapon might be heavier than the other, and that might prolong the hit giving the enemy more time to counter. The lighter the weapon, the faster the hit, but the cost is of course dealing less damage, but giving you more reaction time is always a positive. Blocking actually feels like blocking, and to my surprise blocking while two-handing a weapon isn't going to screw you over. The hitboxes are on point, and you aren't left questioning how you're caught on a hit even though you are not in the line of attack.Magic rant:This game of course uses its share of magic, but I feel like it is a bit limited depending on the class you initialing picked. I am a brawler so I have four magic spells:Prayer: You bring out a clone to divert the enemies attention while restoring some health over time.Rage: Gives you more attack power, and removes energy restrictions.Ram: Unleash a strong charging force that damages, staggers, and can knock down enemies.Quake: Giant hammer that comes down and wrecks face.Each spell is very useful depending on the situation, and can really save your♥♥♥♥♥ I don't really have much input on the spells really because I'm still on my first playthrough of the game, and this is as much as I currently know.Customizing rant:The customization in this game is great because it gives you an assorted list of good weapons and armors that you can actually use due to interest instead of picking up a bunch of useless gear to toss out later. It features armoring feet, hands, chest, and legs. Weapons are of course in variety such as swords, axes, fist weapons, polearms, hammers, etc. One thing to note is the equipping runes in your gear slots. Runes help in terms of boosting defenses against elements, or adding elements to weapon properties. It's pretty good when you add fire to your projectiles. Nothing beats some nice damage over time on ranged enemies.Leveling system rant:The leveling system is the same as any Souls game, but with a twist. Gather experience to level up attribute points, or gain spell points, and if you die with the experience on you, you'll lose it all, but you can get it back by going back to where you died. The twist here is that the more experience you carry on you the better and more frequent the drops become in game from enemies. You also get on a killing streak experience multiplier if you hold on to your experience. The more enemies you kill, the more experience you get. When you die you have a matter of time to get to your experience to get the full value since it has a percentage timer that goes down the longer it takes you back to where you died. Really makes you question if you should use the experience before a boss fight.Graphics rant:The graphics are great, and can be taxing on your computer, but so far I have everything set on high, and haven't run into much issues. I've gotten some framerate issues in areas heavy with particle effects like snowy areas, and encounter issues in tight corridor places as well, but they aren't game breaking, but they can be annoying. I turn down my settings to low when I stream on twitch, and the game still looks gorgeous. I love the PhsyX usage in the game. Some particle effects just make me cream everywhere. I currently run two Nvidia 680 4GB in SLI, i7-2700K, and 16GB RAM.Soundtrack rant:I've had some issues with character dialog cutting out here 'n there, and in some places the music gets super loud for no reason, and it'll go back to normal randomly. Aside from that the soundtrack is great, and it draws you into this gritty world. For some odd reason it reminds me of Diablo 2. I really can't break down soundtracks and music, so yeah. That's that.Story, characters, and enemies rant:The story is lackluster so far. You play as Harkyn, a criminal who did a lot of bad♥♥♥♥♥♥ and is looked down upon by everyone, but is freed by a monk who saw in him the ability to fight off the evil gods and their demons. That's as much as I know since I have yet to beat the game, but it's your typical story with a badass over-powered protagonist. But! I do love the characters in this game since they are so entertaining, and have their own unique humor, characteristic traits, and what not. The voice acting is pretty good though the lip-syncing is off. Enemy design is great and unique, the enemies all have their own characteristics that make them different from one 'n another, so it keeps it fun & challenging. One enemy will run at you with a constant barrage of attacks making you shield up, and go for the perfect backstap. Other enemies are a fortress of defense waiting for you to attack so they can parry, and wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥ The bosses are kinda repetitive in design, but hold their own challenge. I won't go far into depth on bosses because spoilers. If you are a master at these kind of games you will own them no problem, but with me I died a couple times trying to get down the right strategy.Outcome rant:The game isn't punishing like Dark Souls which can be a good or a bad thing depending on who you are asking, but I think it is refreshing, and gives the new IP good ground to expand to something wonderful, and make this into a great series of games. I have fully enjoyed everything I have played of this game so far. I have played both Dark Souls, and Demon's Souls, and awaiting for Bloodborne. Huge fan of these kind of games, and this game fits in its genre as a little more casual, but definitely a lot of fun. I'd say give it a go. A solid 8/10 for me. I'm not much of a reviewer, but this game does justice. I just felt the need to say it.TL:DR~Pros:+ Great fluid combat, and spot on hitboxes.+ Plenty of customizing and armory to fit your play style.+ Leveling is easy to learn and use, and holds its weight in deciding how your going to progress through the game.+ Graphics are splendid, and the world is gorgeous.+ Soundtrack is empowering.+ Majority of the enemies hold their own challenges, making you switch up your style of gameplay to put 'em down faster.+ Most of the characters I have met in the game are pretty funny. Humor is always nice in anything.Cons:- The story is your typical save the world of mankind with a super strong buff dude who has to make up for his crimes.- Magic spells in this game can be useful, but overall they are pretty boring and can be forgotten.- Framerate issues here 'n there, but I'm sure this can be patched.- Character lip-syncing is way off, and it just looks silly.- Bosses are pretty repetitive.8/10"
76561198095653687,Not Recommended,265300,26142099,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Forest Bandit #12796,"In Lords of the Fallen, you play as Gruff McGrufferson, the gruffest, toughest dude around. But under that gruff exterior, he is actually a wobbling mound of jelly. Our pal Gruff the jelly man must wobble his way around a castle and a demonic realm, fighting a bunch of angry demons and their sickly looking pals.Unfortunately for our chum Gruff McJellyman, his wibbly legs make him less manouverable than an asthmatic sloth, and his wobbly arms mean that swinging anything bigger than a toothpick is a real struggle for our intrepid hero. Even more unfortunate for our dashing dispatcher of ne'er do wells, the villainous villains he encounters have some deviously diabolical tricks up their muscular sleeves.Every one of these no good rascals comes equipped with an invisible record player, which they stand upon. What this means for mighty Jellyman is that all these cads he encounters can swivel on the spot... without moving their feet! The KNAVES! The SCOUNDRELS! The UTTER CHEEK! Our poor hero must face large, brutish enemies, who hide behind mighty shields, have vast qauntities of health, and who only give miniscule openings in their defence. These dastardly fiends laugh at our delicious Jelly hero, for they know that further down the corridor, two more of their identical brethren lie in wait - and our gruff protagonist must face them all, lest he be overwhelmed! Oh the horror...Although, it's not all bad news for our gelatinous champion.On his quest, he is accompanied by his best pal, Jam, the friendly invisible cameraman! Jam eagerly follows Jelly Goat Gruff on his delectable adventures. Unfortunately, Jam gets a little giddy whenever his pal Jellyman charges into battle, and can't keep a firm grip on his camera.Also accompanying our damn tasty chum is Karlo...Kaslo?...Carlos? Whatever. Our ABSOLUTELY memorable pal Karlos freed the magnificent Jellygruff from his horrible jelly prison, where our hero was placed after attempting a coup against the Ice Cream king, to supplant him from the delicious dessert throne. Mage-o Kazooie brings Gruff McJellyjelly to Keystone to fight the nasty demons, because only he, with his superior reflexes, nimble footwork, and masterful weapon-handling, can save the day from EVIL!Our gastronomical hero also gains assistance from an amiable demon blacksmith!""I can inscribe your weapons with runes to make them worthy of Gods!"", he proudly claims.Lo and behold!, Jellyman was overjoyed to find that his now godly weapon turned a monster that previously took 12 hits to kill, into a monster that now takes a measly 11 hits to vanquish.Oh yeah, there's also this woman, Yetka or something. She definitely wasn't as memorable as Kazoozle, the COMPLETELY memorable wizard dude. Also, there was some bad dude who's name began with A. But who cares, he was just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Dare you join the mighty Jellyman on his quest?Dare you battle these fearsome record player equipped demons?Dare you slog through dozens and dozens of said demons, over and over again?Dare you wrestle with the dreadful beast known as the inventory?Dare you attempt to make sense of cryptic item descriptions that tell you nothing ofan item's purpose?Dare you listen to grim and chilling audio logs?Dare you battle visually identical, yet stastically superior versions of foes you havealready fought?Dare you behold Jam's shaky camera-work, while keeping your dinner intact?Dare you become... THE JELLYGRUFF?In all seriousness, I had way more fun writing this review than I did playing the game."
,Recommended,265300,12744643,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Tom SEA,It's like Dark Souls but they made it way harder by making the game crash every 15 minutes.
76561198087794419,Recommended,265300,27221464,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"RECOMMENDATION:*Yes, if you're love artistic, good visual effect, semi-realistic melee combat system, buy it!*No, if you're looking for fast-pace combat system, fancy magic spells, dont buy it!GAME IMPRESSION:First 2 hours, boss fight surprised me!After 4 hours, enjoyable combat system!After 6 hours, still found very good quality and detail enviromentsAfter 8 hours, still need many hits to kill an enemyAfter 10 hours, block and wait for to slash... this monster again!!After 14 hours, Now upgraded is strong enough to 1 hit kill!After 16 hours, I'm stop playing this when i meet the BEASTAfter 18 hours, cheated infinite stamina is the best way to enjoy it :DAfter 20 hours, where to find this Annihilator? no clue, no map :/COMPLETION TIME:*Rushed play style: Around 15 hours*Leisure play style: Around 21 hours+GAME DIFFICULTY:( _ ) Adjustable on new game( _ ) Adjustable on each stage( _ ) Adjustable in mid game( ✔ ) Not adjustable( _ ) Game made for casual gamer( ✔ ) Game made for average gamer( ✔ ) Game made for professional( _ ) Unlockable loadout / Startup customizationGAME FEATURES:( _ ) Online Player versus Player( _ ) Online Cooperative( _ ) Online Leaderboards (Friends Ranking)( ✔ ) Level-up progression( _ ) Unlock perks to upgrade( ✔ ) Earn something to buy upgrade( _ ) Campaign Mode (Linear story)( ✔ ) Campaign Mode (Multiple Ending)( _ ) Character Looks Customization( _ ) Allow to continue playing after the end( _ ) Random loots/npc/map selected( _ ) Random level generated( ✔ ) Collectible Items( _ ) Photo Mode (No HUD, free camera)( _ ) Score Attack / Personal Best( _ ) Statistic( _ ) Puzzle Solving( ✔ ) Open World (Fast Travel Around)( _ ) Adult Content( ✔ ) Steam Achievements( ✔ ) Steam Trading Cards( ✔ ) Steam Cloud SaveGAMEPLAY RULES & IMPRESSION:*Player can block and dodge anytime*Player can to shoot spell*Save at checkpoint only*Checkpoint refill health and health potion*Shards potion is consumable to refill spell & stamina*Experience points will drop on at the area where you died (can't overlap)*After revive from checkpoint, player have to go to retrieve the dropped experience points*Dropped experience points will fading away if wait too long*If player die and live again, monster does too*Find rare health potion bottle to expand more slots*Find keys to unlock door to make shortcut place to place*In further progress, revisit the area to unlock portal and chest*If player do not want to fight boss, is allow go back & slaughter minions for XP*Many bosses to defeat*Playing with cheats is much more satisfy :P*Replay in New Game+ mode is carry over the upgrade, potion, armor*New Game+ mode has new scrolls, but no new contentLIKES:+Very artistic design and high quality graphic+Very well designed maps & enviroments+Very good sound effect, ambient, voice acting :D+Variety enemies to fight+The armor and weapons look so heavy and powerful!+Attacking fast weapon is equally dodging!+Few ways to kill the bosses+Secrets area & Collectible items+No fast travel, still fun!+Locked door provide shortcut to different area+Good story!+Multiple endings depending on player choices+Many languagesDISLIKES:-Slow dodge-Dodge is not gonna avoid all attack-Too tough to fight crowd-Some places is too narrow to combat-Most of the weapon is very low attack speed-Cannot sell or salvage unwanted items (ton of listed items)-After middle of the quest, leave player no clue where to go next-No map / waypoint on HUD-No random loot-No coop-Lack of music-Lack of fancy magic spells-Bug: cannot save the prisoner after open the door-Bug: game crash-Bug: No message for the door locked, damage value, dialogue-DLC: Keeper Boss use 1 hit kill player that is no chance to avoidQUALITYSCOREGraphic (2014)A+PresentationA+Contents VolumeBArts & DesignA+Level DesignBCombat TacticBSound & MusicB-Realistic AnimatedA-Online Value-Replay ValueB-Bug-freeB-OverallA-BEST PRICE HISTORY:80% offWORTH BUYING:( ✔ ) Yes, normal price worth it!( _ ) Yes, can wait for sales( _ ) No, the developer has no plan to improve( _ ) No, not worth the time on itWORTH BUYING WITH DLC?( _ ) Yes, base game + individual DLC( _ ) Yes, base game + Season Pass(all DLC)( _ ) No, DLC is different value( _ ) No DLC( ✔ ) DLC is includedhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/265300/MORE INFORMATION:*Random video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4Qn3FnQJJcGame File Size: 17.8 GB"
,Not Recommended,265300,33176654,Posted: 3 July,all,Ａｒｃｈｄｕｋｅ,"Whoever did the character models and armour/weapon design, very well done. Seriously, every piece I found looked great. It's a shame it was let down by nearly every other aspect. I only stuck it out for a couple of hours but there's still plenty of things that showed up and made it a bad experienceCons:-Combat is very slow and cumbersome even with the lighter weapons, and there's no animation cancelling, feels overall very clumsy.-Animation is a bit iffy, they make a point of taking your helmet off for the cutscenes but your face only has basic movements and the mouths aren't synced with the speech.-Very linear, there's only one actual path, there are technically other paths but they're all just a corrider leading to a room with a chest and some trash mobs that then lead straight back to the main path.-For a game clearly trying to be a SoulsLike it was very easy, I didn't come close to dying for the first two bosses and any of the mobs between them.-Not very well thought out, for instance there is a equipment weight system that affects how easily you move but it seems to base it purely off what chest piece you were wearing, so you could equip a 'Heavy' helm, boots, and gauntlets with the biggest weapon and shield you could manage and as long as you wore a 'Light' chest piece you can flip about like an acrobat.-There is backstabbing/parrying but its inconsistent if you're invulnerable or not during, some attacks hit you and some don't.-This one is just a pet peeve of mine, but it has the thing where you have to hold a button down for a short time to activate anything, which always sucks anyway but it's especially poorly done here, being quite innacurate and awkward.-While they look impressive and varied most weapons function much the same as eachother within the same catagory, and there was always a new one with clearly superiour stats so the other are rendered completely worthless within minutes of finding it.Pros:-3D Models look amazing-Hitboxes seem fairly good-Story could be interesting from the short bit I sawIt really feels like they had a bunch of left over assets from a failed project and stitched them together with an inexperienced team, it's a shame really, if only it had more time and care spent on it it could have been a nice little game."
,Recommended,265300,22761234,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Mendhak,"Originally the 'mixed' rating had put me off, but I decided to try this during a sale.In a way that was a good thing, going in with low expectations and being pleasantly surprised.  The things that made me happy about it:Good graphicsGorgeous environmentsFramerate not capped at 30 (ahem)Difficult mobs/bossesAn actual storylineI had a read through many of the negative reviews and a lot of it is down to personal frustrations.  While in some places the game is actually quite unforgiving, I didn't think it warranted such negativity - difficulty spikes and overcoming them are part of the excitement of playing games like these.  The lesson I learned here was to take these Steam ratings with a pinch of salt.But to each their own, I will say - if you like fantasy-setting style games with difficult yet rewarding fights, try this out.I would advise you to have a look at a class guide first - I went in as a Solace Rogue and had a very tough time at some places but did manage to complete."
76561197985315581,Not Recommended,265300,12745693,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Toohax,"The game is great but the product is defective.I haven't completed my first play through of Lords of the Fallen because I simply haven't been able to.  Not because the game is too difficult or too long but rather because of endless crashes.  My first save file was ruined by a death loop bug that rendered the file completely unusable.  I looked to see if there was a solution or if others had experienced it.  A few had and some even were able to get out of it by rolling their character immediately upon loading.  ""OK"" I thought, ""It was only 10 hours on that file, no big deal.""  Now on my second play through (after having twiddled with the settings per all the common temporary fix threads out there) I just can't play for more than 10 minutes without a crash.This is particularly problematic in a game in which one of the core mechanics is gambling for bigger rewards by not saving your game.  This, in itself, is a fun mechanic- I like the idea of having to risk your progress in the game for incremental rewards.  It's clever and potentially fun.  This is undermined entirely by the reality that bugs and crashes incentivize me to save as often as possible.There are good things about this game, a lot of them.  The art is amazing, the game feel is heavy in a visceral way that connects you to what you're doing.  I can't recommend it until it's been fixed, however.  I can't even play it.  With a GTX780 and similarly big specs throughout the rest of my rig, there's no excuse why these glitches, crashes, and bugs should exist.  This game was simply not tested thoroughly enough. I hope the developers will 1- fix the bugs asap and 2- learn their lesson so that their talents aren't overshadowed by sloppy mistakes.Update 1: I have pushed through to NG+ perhaps due to a desire to harm myself.Update 2: I'm looking forward to the new patch which promises to fix stability issues; I will expand my thoughts.Update 3: So far, so good.  Played for several hours without any stability issues.  Will get through NG+ before I decide to turn the frown upside down.  Clearly I'm enjoying the game a great deal or else I wouldn't be playing it.  It's still not for everyone."
76561198086112539,Recommended,265300,22506178,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Dr Van Nostrand 47,"Deserves better reviews than it has. Apparently was riddled with bugs when released (lots of crashing, poorly optimised), but I had no problems running it on high settings with a modest mid-range rig (i5 3570k, AMD 7870, 8GB RAM). It also gets compared to Dark Souls a lot, and rightly so, but I don't think any game should be negatively reviewed for being 'not as good as Dark Souls', as that's a pretty high bar. So without further ado, lets dive right in and compare it directly to Dark Souls!Similar to Souls:Checkpoint system, red floating crystals instead of bonfires. Replenish HP / MP / potions, enemies respawn.Melee combat mechanics - parry (only with subset of shields), backstabs, stamina management, dodgerolls, staggering, light attack, heavy attack, running attack etc. Similar range of weapons. % Equipment load determines movement and dodgeroll speed. 'Weighty' feel to larger weapons.Weapons (but not armour) have stat requirements. Some weapons scale with their relevant stat.Loot - set loot gained through chests, enemies have a chance of dropping 'runes' (for upgrades) or equipment (rare). No duplicate armour / weapons.Level design - sprawling areas that loop back into each other by unlocking shortcuts. Lots of secret items and areas.Leveling - bank experience at checkpoints to level up attributes / spells, each subsequent level requires more.Upon death your exp is left as a 'ghost' with a timer on it, or until your next death.NG+ and NG++ for multiple playthroughs.Decimate furniture by rolling into itDifferent from SoulsNo fast travel from checkpoint to checkpoint, not a massive problem because;Smaller world, fast traveling would have been nice at times, but overall not a big problem.Shorter game, could be finished in maybe 8 hours if you don't explore much. Personally it took me around 15 hours.No invincibility during dodgeroll that I am aware of. Causes some moments of anger if you're used to Dark Souls, but you get used to it.Magic - each class (warrior, thief, cleric) has a set of 4 spells that can be unlocked and leveled up at checkpoints, separately from attribute points. There is also a gauntlet that has 3 modes of fire (basically different ranges), which gains power with more Faith (cleric / magic build). Both share an MP pool.Much more straightforward story, quite typical dark fantasy stuff, not too abstract or anything.Equipment upgrading is done through a 'rune' system - you gain sealed runes from defeating enemies, and unlock them to reveal type (eg power / fire / luck), runes range from 'lesser' to 'flawless' and can be attached and detached at will from equipment that has slots.No multiplayer aspectOther notes: The game looks great - dark atmosphere, good enemy/boss design, weapons / armour look suitably fantasy, so you get that extra bit of satisfaction from new gear. The melee combat is heavily emphasised, ranged combat is minimal (pretty much limited to gauntlet). Many weapon types have very slow attack speed, which can take a bit of getting used to, but there are claws and daggers for faster attacks (this is how I played) which are perfectly viable. It is not as big or complex as Dark Souls, but still holds it's own as a solid Action-RPG with dark fantasy flavour, good melee combat, and some side quests and extra exploration encouraged to flesh out the experience.All in all I really enjoyed my time playing Lords of the Fallen, and seeing as you can get it for disgustingly cheap when it's on sale these days, I don't see why you shouldn't pick it up."
76561198060983111,Recommended,265300,30903888,Posted: 2 April,all,Ateia,"Criminally underrated game, The majority of the negative review this game gets are from ppl comparing it to the game it drew influence from (Dark Souls) and expecting the mechanics to be a carbon copy which they are not.Combat feels more heavy and impactful and it uses hitbox angles to a bigger extend (enemies with shield might seem OP until you realize you can jump attack and angle your weapon so it hits above the shield etc).If you are a ds player don't expect to wear heavy armor a gs and be able to dodge and attack out of a roll, you can attack out of a roll but only with lighter weapons.of course the game is not perfect theres not that much variety  with the enemies and the look of the areas, magic in this game is more for support that instead been able to do magic builds.If you like ARPG you should try this out, is really way better than people make it out to be."
,Recommended,265300,19340169,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dan,"Really fun game, Nothing like i expected.It's a clone of dark souls, Everything is fine the game runs perfect for me on max settings, the gameplay is great, fun challenging combat, nice gear and weapons, frustrating bosses, i might aswell explain every aspect of dark souls to you if i was explaining this game, If you like dark souls then you will like this.Everything i've seen written negative about this game is bs and i'm glad i ignored it and tried it for myself!!"
,Recommended,265300,12684862,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Lazy Pear,"The game is over all pretty good. It takes a number of keys from the souls series and builds on it in it own way. While its not as hard as Dark souls 1 its still got some challenge too it. Right after fighting the 2nd boss its ramps up and gets a bit harder, not by much but it's still noticable. While at the time (10/29/2014) the game has a number of bugs and fps probelms its still pretty good to play. In its current state (10/29/2014) I would give it 7.5/10, however once its bugs get patched and sorted out it will be a solid 9/10."
76561198289373353,Recommended,265300,26076115,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Sanjuboy,"A Very Good Game UnderratedAfter completing the game just now, I cannot refrain from writing anything but a positive review when there are so many negative ones here bringing the rating of this game down which is real injustice and a shame. Sure the game lacks Dark souls level of polish and there is the issue of crashes when the fighting gets a little too intense during certain boss fights and especially when magic spells are used too often in such scenarios but this in my opinion does not take away all the goodness this game offers overall. Being a carbon copy of Dark Souls in most aspects, Lords of the Fallen starts feeling like an entirely different game after a few hours. With a decent story, great graphics with spectacular lighting and particle effects, clever use of magic, tricky side-quests, hidden secrets and npc interactions, it creates an experience which is different from the Souls series which actually is a good thing in my opinion. LOTF is an easier version of Dark Souls with a merrier environment - much for the pleasure of a casual gamer though still only a Souls fan would connect to. First timers with no prior induction to Dark Souls kind of gameplay might find this game tough enough for few bouts of frustration.The graphics and lighting are really good and almost all armors are intricate in design. The music is satisying, voice acting good but the animations that support it look stiff most of the time. Combat feels strikingly similar to Dark Souls with identical button mapping on the gamepad which is a good thing for a Souls player. The loot is diverse and a few of the weapons and shields are awesome. For example, a shield called 'Twisted Ways' (DLC content) has a rotating map on it. How cool is that? Talking about map, the overall size of the game world known as Keystone is quite big and most of the time would leave you scratching your head as to how to get to a particular spot which had a locked chest that you now found a key to. With twisted dungeons hiding secrets, a castle holding plenty of hidden areas and a portal to a whole new dimension, the whole process of exploring every nook and corner can be daunting.Enemies and Bosses aren't that tough compared to Dark Souls and what I like most about them in LOTF is there is a knack in taking them down. Ofcourse, Dark Souls has it written all over it but in some areas in LOTF, especially in one or two boss fights you might want to think out-of-the box to avoid taking damage which is something spectacular when you discover it yourself. However, some boss fights are crash-riddled if you do not own a beefy PC and the DLC boss is such a pain to beat. End of the day, bad optimization is where the game loses at and If it weren't for this it would've received rave reviews for sure.Simply put, this game might fall short on optimizations but it is a very good game if your PC can power it. Following the footsteps of Dark Souls and yet bringing a whole new feel within is purely refreshing. LOTF is best played with keeping Dark Souls' gameplay in mind and might do enough to frustrate newcomers. But to those who are well acquainted with the Souls series, LOTF is yet another epic journey.To sum it up:+ Good Graphics- Needs a beefy PC+ Varied Loot- Some areas require polish+ Interesting Secrets/ Replayability- Can be frustrating to the uninitiatedMY SCORE: 80/100"
76561198084657727,Not Recommended,265300,19367838,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Celtic Steel,"Ok, ok, this review has gone through a few iterations so bear with me people.When I first played LOTF, I absolutely despised it.  Being a big fan of the Souls games, I was looking forward to some Souls-esque but-without-getting-stomped-by-overpowerd-invasions fun.  But dang, Harken was slow and seemed to spend about 10 seconds winding up his attacks before actually throwing them, and I quickly grew bored of this game and its unresponsive controls.  So, my first review was rather scathing, and lo many a fan boy/girl posted some rather immature and insulting comments, most of which have been deleted.  I’m a stoopid noob and I should go back to candy crush saga, apparently.  I also need to 'git gud' even though the difficulty of this game (which isn't much) was never an issue...Being a cheapskate and wanting to get my money’s worth out of the game, I forced myself to complete.  And you know what?  LOTF is not a bad game.  I might even have enjoyed it a wee bit.  But I would not recommend this game unless it is on sale – because there are much better games (i.e. Dark Souls) which do everything LOTF does only much better.Still, LOTF is bloody gorgeous, looking like Todd Macfarlane and Warhammer Fantasy got together to make a Cannibal Corpse album cover.  The armour and weapon designs are so ludicrously spikey and evil that I want to break out my old Slayer albums.  Sound is also great, with satisfying clunks and crashes giving combat a satisfying feel.  The bosses are super cool too.  I also particularly liked the system up upgrading weapons and armour with runes, which is very simple but kinda nice anyway.However, I found the controls to feel really unresponsive.  No matter what class you play as, there’s a significant lag between actually hitting the attack button and Harken swinging whatever oversized spike metal thingy he is carrying.  It lead me to a lot of frustration, as I signed in vain while the enemy would rush off for a cup of tea, do the washing, then come back and put their shield up in the time it takes Harken to wind up his attack.  Second, the game is not really challenging, and it doesn’t have difficulty settings.  Most enemies can be overpowered just by circling endlessly and button mashing, and many of the bosses can be easily beaten on first try once their attack pattern has been seen a few times.  I understand that NG+ is more of a challenge, but I’d already lost interest by then.In summary, my opinion, which you don’t have to agree with, is that LOTF is an ok Dark Souls-lite game, but I wouldn’t recommend it because Dark Souls, even Dark Souls 2, does EVERYTHING infinitely better aside from graphics.  Furthermore, if I’m in the mood for some fantasy hack and slash and I’m not in the mood for Dark Souls, I’d play Devil May Cry, Darksiders 2, Dragons Dogma, Revengence or something long before I’d go for LOTF.  but hey there seems to be a lot of ppl who really loved this...what does a stoopid noob like me know anyway? git gud or go home...Edit - Now that Dark Souls 3 is out there is no need to even contemplate this game.  Or go with Salt and Sanctuary if your a 2d indie hispter - that said, if they make a sequel i'd give it a look as, if they got the gameplay right, this could easily be the Slayer album cover made flesh the never-dying 12 year old inside me is always looking for."
,Recommended,265300,29885574,Posted: 12 February,all,Xhal,"Most of the negative reviews are people who had crashes/technical issues.I've had 0 crash and played through the entire game.While not as good as Demon Souls or Dark Souls this game does have better graphics and pretty much the same gameplay albeit being MUCH easier.If you thought about getting into Dark Souls but are having second thoughts because you've heard its difficult I would suggest you start with this game and see if you like it, it can serve as a nice introduction and let you get hang of the gameplay, the controls are almost the same and much of the principles and gameplay are the same.TLDR : If Dark souls had an ""Easy mode"" this would be it."
76561197970382594,Recommended,265300,12686438,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Skully,"FINAL UPDATE; Removed Original Review to make room;Well, I made it to NG++. IIRC, the First Warden on NG+ hit me for like 8 damage in full heavy armor. On NG++ he hit me for 12. I played a bit further and noticed a very sharp increase in damage from certain monsters in the first area of the game; so yeah, the difficulty technically increases.The shame is that it took so long to get this way. The gameworld is quite small once you run through it once and that ""newness"" feeling wears off. Its cramped, short and leaves me wanting.Lords of the Fallen is a decent games with Dark Souls mechanics, but after the first playthrough the game loses its drive very quickly. 7/10 is the best I could rate this game, especially with this crashes that I have also fallen victim too.Bottom line;+Great graphics+Dark Souls mechanics...ish+decent story and voice acting+has a feeling of drawing you in; presentation and atmosphere is well-done.+music is fantastic++catacombs area is perhaps the best area in the game.+cloth/cape mechanics are the best I have EVER seen in a game. I totally wish DS has this type of technology as well as other RPGS-relatively short. I finished the first run in 11-12 hours. NG+ was perhaps the same if not quicker because I was very powerful.-Feels cramped and the world is not nearly as large as the impression gives you. In ratio size, the game world is probably 1/3 of the DS series; that includes anyone of the games.-difficulty feels like its wildly overtuned on certain mobs while rediculously undertuned on certain bosses-less variety of monsters as one would expect-magic itself is remarkably similar to itself; all spells utilize a flaming avatar to accomplish what the spell would give you. Feels too generic and similar and ""Mimic"" was downright frustrating.-underwhelming crafting system. +/- defense in an element and/or attribute scaling and one would have hoped that putting a ""Fire Rune"" onto my weapon would make it burst into flames and set enemies on fire; nope. Only truly useful rune was the the attribute scaling one which doubled my 2h output to be able to put out enough DPS to kill the final boss on NG+ after over 12 attempts.-NG+ = shards for loot or you pick up any armor from the chests that you missed on your first playthrough. Incredibly boring-I genuinely expect to continue to progress my character throughout ALL playthroughs and leveling up my character in NG+ was a damn grind and chore beyond what I would have expected.I expected more. I bought into the hype and the game failed to meet my expectations. Im an experienced gamer. Ive been playing games through my days ever since NES. Im no stranger to game mechanics and progression.Get it if you want it, but dont expect to be floored unless you have low expectations and standards. I wish I would have waited for sale.UPDATE-2(Slight Spoilerish);;From what I have read playing as a warrior is generally considered to be the easiest form of play. This is using a shield and possibly a 2-handed weapon. I use this setup. I decided to jump back in and play a bit more on NG+. I have reached the Citadel and have noticed a large jump in damage to my character. I am using the heaviest set of armor with the best defense stats and a tyrant in the graveyard nearly one-shotted me with his overhead swing. It was a genuine ""WTF"" moment.Needless to say that I was quite suprised. I continued playing a bit more and noticed sharp rises of damage intake during set points. The catacombs boss proved an interesting challenge as he hit quite a bit harder which is something I was not used to. I actually died on the giant boss that you eventually meet in the area of the three statutes. He hit quite hard.I am not picking up anymore armor on NG+ which leads me to believe that because my defense stats will generally not improve except whenever I mod them fully with runes that I have picked up throughout the game and because the damage intake is steadily and sometimes sharping increasing as I get towards end-game sections; I do feel that perhaps NG++ will truly be where the actual difficulty lies that people most want concerning this game.Its a matter of deduction based on the information available. This is with the best defense AND without using spells. As such, I am now actually looking forward to NG++ to see just how punishing this game truly is.Also, because of the high defense given by heavy armor...this means that medium and light armor wearers will face significantly more damage and possibly one-shots on several abilities given by several mobs. This is not considering any defensive advantages given by the magic system in this game. It is purely utilizing armor and weapons.I have currently 13 potion slots and I find myself using them more and more. That is a good sign. I will update when I finally experience NG++UPDATE;After playing through NG+ to the halfway to 75% point I must say that I have to change my review to being recommended only if your dead set on getting a game that is similar to the DS series or waiting for a sale or unless your out-right starved for something new and exciting.Unless you enjoy the story and are set on keeping the same playthrough running as much as you can then you will not find hardly anything at all to keep you engaged with the game after beating it the first time...unless you want to make different choices to affect the ending slides; but you could just watch youtube, right?I saw the vids on youtube and even the tips during the loading screen. They said you will get new loot and stuff on subsequent playthroughs. The only thing that I have noticed are new lore drops specifically in the regions on normal that were not there but were then there on NG+As with regards to armor/weapons? I did pick up a light armor set which seems to be the rogue counterpart to the last heavy armor set I picked up for warriors. I could have missed it on my first playthrough, however, so this isnt saying much. I went through this entire experience of NG picking up shards 95-99% of the time. Very underwhelming.My thoughts are that what was promoted is not what was essentially delivered to a satisfying context.Im disappointed. The combat is good, but I feel that long-lasting value is lacking to this game and that is a damn shame.For the first playthrough, however, it was a blast."
76561198061403132,Recommended,265300,31362849,Posted: 25 April,all,Kyousuke Azai,"Being an somewhat of a fan of the Souls franchise, I've heard a lot of things about this game, most of them, as I've found out, untrue. Lords of The Fallen (further only as LoTF) gets a lot and I mean a LOT of flak for, copying dark souls, being way too hard/way too easy/way too clunky. Well I went into it expecting what it is, clunky souls and boy was I surprised. So let's get a few things straight.Combat - It's slow, really slow, even one handed weapons take longer than your average two-hander in dark souls, that's not even mentioning the really big stuff, this game loves its big and metal things, so much so that some weapons are so heavy in fact, you can't even use them one handed, not even with proper stats, now that's a weapon. So for you guys out there who breezed through dark souls via R1 spams, you are not going to have a lot of fun here. Certain enemies demand certain tactics, hell there is an enemy that will smash you into the ground over and over again until you learn how to parry, really loved that one. Speaking of which, yes, your usual suspects of light/heavy attacks are here with your backstabs and parries, giving the combat a nice depth, really forcing you to learn how to fight your enemies and see the openings.Theme - As mentioned above, this game goes in big, hard and metal. You can wear outrageous amounts of armour and you will be moving at the speed of snails and fat roll everywhere, BUT, you can clear the game just as well doing that as if you go for light armor and dodge everything. I've really felt powerful being able to shake off big hits as minor bother. So unlike in any other souls-like game, here, heavy armor is actually a legitimate choice and a welcome one at that, I've had unbelievable amounts of fun crushing through enemies with a 2 handed axe, effectively making some of them into a wet spot on the floor.Story - Honestly, not the strongest point, you can take it or leave it, there is plenty to know about the world and how it came to be if you choose to hunt for audio bits and bops or you can ignore them and skip through most of it, so unfortunately this one might be one of the weaknesses. It doesn't have that ""I wanna know more"" pull to it, but is still enjoyable enough as short as it is.Performance - Oh yeah, this one...yeah... clunky is the best I could put it, frame rate drops on a fairly powerful rig for today's standards, texture pop-in, few enemies joining the space program and rocketing off into space, oddly stiff and stood upright weapons, leading to more than a few morning wood jokes, you get the idea, it's not gamebreaking, but it's not quite what it should be.Overall, I'd say this game is definitely worth 20 bucks, it's difficult, but fun as it is meant to be. I can see myself clearing it a few more times to see all the secrets and find all the armor sets and challenges. So if you enjoy yourself a bit of challenge yourself, but not so much of it to be overwhelming and want to feel like a buldozer let loose in a cardboard box this might just be the game you might enjoy."
,Not Recommended,265300,12770521,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Devined,"I paid full price for the game and can currently play 10% of the game.  After beating the 3rd boss, the game crashes when I load into the next zone.  Tried changing every setting in the book and nothing resolved it.  Contacted Steam asking for a refund, because releasing a game this broken should be a crime.  There are a ton of other bugs too, but no point in mentioning them when I can't even play past the first 2 hours of the game."
,Not Recommended,265300,12678639,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Severen,"UPDATE: beaten the game and all opinions below still apply, honestly (I was about 8 hours in when i wrote this impression). I can say that if you don't like Demons/Dark Souls, you will more than likely doubly-dislike this game. So just to get that right out in front, don't look for this game to change your opinion on the Souls-style gaming, because it wont.Now to people who are looking for a Souls-like experience, in my honest opinion, you shouldNOTget your hopes up. While the game has an overall Souls feel when it comes to combat, as Lords of the Fallen (LotFfrom this point on) seems to borrowVERYheavily from the game, it's about as far from Souls-FEELINGas it could be given how closely the mechanics work.The game- isSLOW.Like, ""snail trudging through molasses in winter-time"" slow. In every aspect that a game can be considered slow, LotF is. Player movement is slow, attack animations are slow, roll speed is slow, gauntlet attacks are slow, spell startups are slow- hell even the story is slow, but I'll talk about that later.If you go into this game thinking you're going to play it like anything other than that fat-rolliest heavy armored monster-weapon-wielding tank in Dark Souls, then you're going in with expectations far exceeding what the game allows. Unfortunately, it seems that many of the enemies and a few ofSOMEenemies attacks seem to be designed entirely around blocking the hit and then countering after their animation is done- which is fine for the most part, but when LotF advertises dual-wielding fast weapons and light armor with the option to dodge roll away from enemies, it's NOT fine. The level of reaction time a person would need to dodge some enemies moves borders on precognition, and this is coming from a Darks Souls 1 and 2 vet (nearly 800 hours combined with both games across PC and Xbox 360).Not only that, but many enemies haveRIDICULOUSLY GOODtracking on their moves. Which is GREAT for THEM, but sucks [b♥♥♥♥♥♥/b] for the player. Take all of the complaints of Dark Souls 2 humanoid enemies having auto-tracking overheads and you can apply that to almost every enemy in the game with nearly every attack. Granted you can still dodge them, just like in Dark 2, but it's still difficult, and if you're anything but fast rolling, the chances of you rolling far enough to be out of range of their next auto-tracking attack is slim. Take one of the later bosses for example- The Infiltrator.VERY MINOR SPOILERSI dodge the first attack of her hit string, by rollingUNDERher, only to have her INSTANTLY turn around and hit me with her second swing because I could not roll far enough away from her.Very, very poor design. I wont get into the fight itself until later.The enemies in this game so far (as I said, about 8 hours in) are almost all humanoid. So circle-strafing almost completely nullifies the lesser enemies as a threat, which is fine. However, some of the enemies later on end up having such good tracking that it's nearly impossible to get around their shield. This wouldn't be a problem if after guard-breaking them with a kick my attack animation was fast enough to hit them before they recovered but sadly with just about anythingother thanclaws or daggers, it was not fast enough, and I was left fighting a frustrating battle of ""wait until they attack and try to move in before they recover"" which also proved incredibly difficult. Okay, so how about blocking with my shield and allowing them to suffer recoil from their blow and sticking them then?Nope.They recovered before my hit landed and blocked it.OKAY.HOW ABOUT I JUST SIT HERE AND HOLD MY SHIELD UP UNTIL AN OPENING PRESENTS ITSELF.ahahahaha- no. He guard breaks me with a shield slam that is almost faster than my brain can even register and then follows up immediately with a slash that takes down 3/4's of my health bar. Mind you- this is all ONE ENEMY- but it's the perfect example to what I feel is just bad enemy design in general. You want to make your enemies hard, cool give it some of the counters above, but not ALL of them. I literally had to just run away from the damn things until my mana filled up enough to allow me to burst him with my gauntlet- which took 4 hits (and if you've played the game, just after you get the gauntlet, getting in 4 gauntlet blasts can take a long freakin' time with the slow mana recharge and how much it costs early game). Not only that- there were 3 of these enemies in the area, sort of following the same corridor.Hurrayyyy. I beat them but I was not at all happy with what I had to resort to in order to do so- for the gauntlet to be the ONLY reliable way to deal with them at that point just was not fun- at all.As for the monster designs, they're fairly simple. They don't do much poise damage, they mostly stagger off your shield, and some do fire or poison damage but it's all pretty standard stuff. Nothing to complain about, nothing to praise.Boss designs-SPOILERS AHEADSo many of you probably know that the first two bosses are tower-shield users. Basically you wait for them to attack and either dodge or block and retaliate. Standard stuff, nothing to talk about with the first one... The SECOND tower shield boss- summonsadds. Which, if you're a Souls fan, you are probably of the same opinion as I am, that adding adds to your boss fight is basically admitting that 'yeah, we didn't know how to make the fight hard or interesting, so worry about these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s screwing with you while you're fighting this brainless boss"". Now I make an exception for this one, because the boss does not stay active while the adds are out, so you fight the adds and then go back to the boss- fine, whatever. Pointless? Sure. Harmful? Not really, it's fine. Now beyond that is where it starts getting irritating. The next boss I fought killed me a few times by doing an AOE attack that covers the whole entire arena. He has a startup and once you know what comes after the start up, you know what's on it's way- but the first time, you'rescrewed. Cheap death, cheap gimmick and utterly pointless once you figure out WHERE you're supposed to stand, which is not exactly made apparent when your first instinct is just to avoid the blue bulbs and hide somewhere they're not near. On top of that- he summons adds. Same with the next boss, Infiltrator. Adds, heals itself, mana is being sapped.. otherwise a boring fight with only a few actual attacks.The level design is-okay.The game does take the open world aspect of Dark Souls 1 with areas looping back and creating shortcuts from other areas- but the problem is going THROUGH the areas is pretty linear. It's much more akin to something like Dark Siders 1 level design where you go the way they want you to go and then loop back around when you acquire a thing that you needed to get into an area you couldn't before- which is really just to create theILLUSIONof an open world game. On top of that, in my first few hours of the game, I saw just blatant copies of previous areas with just a few minor furnishing adjustments and enemy placements. Pretty lazy. However, the ART style is really nice, if you're into that Diablo-esque ""hardcore metal hellspawn"" style- which I am, aha.If all that wasn't enough to spook you, the game has performance issues. My PC runs  Shadows of Mordor on max settings without a stutter, this game drops inexplicably below 30 FPS constantly, and sometimes lower- and that's with settings set down on what are described as, or would be considered ""medium."" Very disappointing.Story is the most barebones ""i'm a tough guy"" story you could have. Don't come to LotF looking for anything more.Sorry. Can't recommend this game so far..."
76561198024826675,Not Recommended,265300,12936628,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Dark Josh NZ,"I like this game quite a bit, but never have I experience so many crashes playing anything before in my life. It feels like there was no where near enough QA testing done before they released this, even several patches later I cant tell if anything has changed. The hardest thing to fight against in this game is the game LOTF.exe no jokeFIX THIS GAME AND MAKE IT PLAYABLE BEFORE YOU DECIDE TO RELEASE DLC!"
76561198009512978,Recommended,265300,24067699,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Captain Metal,"TL;DR: Buy Lords of the Fallen if you have a decent PC to run it onA lot of people bash this game, as you can probably see up there under the user reviews percentages.Most of those people are folks that live, breathe, eat and sleep Dark Souls or one of the other souls games in general (or bought it on launch day, more on that in a minute ) and as a result they spew bad reviews at it simply because its a similar game/competition, not harcore enough or simply ""Not the same!"", Its rather unfortunate really.Lords of the Fallen was really buggy on launch, like game destroying buggy, but now all of those bugs have been fixed and now the game works flawlessly. Having put 20+ hours into it I havent encountered a single bug or issue since it was patched up, like this ""animation lag"" or ""crash"" people falsely throw at this game nowadays ( once again, to make it less appealing than a Souls game because of blatant bias )Having a high end of average rig, I get a super stable 60fps when playing, and not only does it run smoothly the game looks amazing, so amazing on ultra, especially with its later armour designs  that frankly Im disapointed that Dark Souls 3 didnt end up looking this good. Animation quality with the exception of one or two characters is great and frankly its one of the few games wearing a cape actually looks cool as opposed to it looking like a sack of buggy Gmod crap.Gameplay and combat are pretty much what you expect, its a souls style game, a big open-ish area to area world. Combat consists of the usual light attack, heavy attack, block and then a parry/special shield move, also with a block-breaker, spriting, rolling and jump/lunge attacks. Dodging works just fine but heavier armour makes your dodge less viable etc etc, less emphasis on range, though you do get a ranged weapon eventually.Kill bad guys and fight a boss, if you die you lose all your experience until you can go visit the spot where you died to get said experience back, die again and its all gone. Stats n' the like work a little differently, but the idea behind them is the same, use gained EXP to level up, but if you hold onto your experience without visiting and saving your progress at a checkpoint you gain a multiplier to your EXP, which is good when you need to farm for levels and cuts out on some that needless busy-work time.While Lords doesnt have any multiplayer components, it places more emphasis on the story, and while the narrative is 'okay' thats where it all falls short. The main characters themselves with the exception of your main guy Harken, are sort've shoddily done. But there is dialogue choices and lil' sidequests where you have to make a decision that affects the reward you gain at the end. If you dont care so much about narrative as you do gameplay, you wont mind how bad the story is that much.Bosses are fun, each one with a little secret 'extra' way to beat them to gain a boss-item/weapon from them, the secrets can be fun to find even if some of them are somewhat missable or hard to figure out. Quest-lines, hidden secret weapons and armour, runes to upgrade you weapons and armours with, its all just filled with really good stuff.If you have a decent rig/desktop PC to run it on, and you want something new and fresh from the Dark Souls monotony, then just buy Lords of the Fallen,"
76561198004538005,Recommended,265300,13093778,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Shattered Light,"Game is underrated because of somer players experiencing crashes. Those negative experiences are greatly overshadowing the people who are in game enjoying themselves. To people who are experiencing crashing: I was one of those people. An AMD Catalyst update fixed the issue for me. I'm running HD Radeon 7xxx series in crossfire and Windows 8.1.Please stop giving a negative review of the entire game because it's crashing for you. Every game release has issues. If the developers were ignoring our experience that would be one thing. But the developers are constantly replying in the discussions and releasing patches in order to solve the issue as best they can. It's too early to determine whether we've wasted our money. If you're still crashing then enjoy something else in life and check back later. You can't review a game you haven't played. Yes, you've spent your hard earned money. But. You. Have. Not. Played. The. Game. There's proof the developers are working and some people's crashes (mine included) have been resolved.EDIT [03/03/2015]:Interesting. I happened to check back at this review and saw all of the negative comments, which I can only assume are the same people having issues.Should the product have been a better quality upon release? YES. But the reviews people left gave a horribly false impression that the developers were not responding AT ALL, which was FALSE.This is where I had a problem and felt the need to write a positive review. My review offered what I thought was important to tell people that was lacking in other reviews (i.e., nothing explaining for the umpteenth time that it's a Dark Souls clone. Seriously, how many reviews do you need explaining that?). People were focused on negative experience of the game crashing; therefore, my review focused on the opposite side of that. My patience with the developers, WHO HAD RESPONDED to the crashes with attempted bugfixes, is not apologetic. I saw complaints. I saw responses attempting to address those complaints. That's progress in the right direction. And realistically, that's the best that can be done because magic doesn't exist. NO EXCUSE for a faulty product, but at the same time, leave a fair review noting that developers are responding.TL;DR (for the lazy ones): You have a right to do what you want with your money. Leaving a negative review because a game doesn't meet your expectations (e.g. doesn't work) within a certain timeframe is COMPLETELY FAIR. Just make sure you say THAT in your negative review. It is UNFAIR for EVERYONE to a write negative review suggesting development just isn't responding to problems. This is what my original review was targetting: the people writing negative reviews because they were crashing and claiming development was unresponsive. Some of us have been on both sides and would take a responsive development team fixing a faulty product over a decent product but unresponsive development team any day. I hope everyone is now in a position to enjoy the game. I won't be reading any further comments."
76561198024404011,Recommended,265300,12673420,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Thoughtzilla,"UPDATE:After approximately 10 hours of play, I have to say that Lords is surprisingly well put together, fun to play, and perhaps most importantly (at least it was for me), LOTF FEELS like Dark Souls!-Blocking, movement, rolling, armor weight plays a role in your roll... Familiar and comfortable - which is good, because LOTF's combat is (dare I say it) deeper than DS!-The classes dictate your gameplay - the rogue is VERY different from the warrior, who is also very different from the mage.-Ph4t l3wtz r ph4t. A great RPG inventory, which leads me to...-Stats page!I don't want to spoil the game or the story for anyone, but everything here is a lot of fun. I've got 3 of the big bosses down and the game is still mysterious but scattered with ""lore"" drops that unlock more of the story.There have been a couple of side quests, and a Dark Souls-eque decision I had to make regarding an NPC (help him or harm him). I look forward to NG+, which I haven't said about a game in a long time.8.5/10Buy it for sure, watch it for a sale if you have to, if you liked Dark Souls you will enjoy LOTF!====Update: After 3 hours of gameplay, I've re-rolled my character and beat the first boss twice. Dark Souls fans, praise the sun! This game is awesome!====A polished, working and serviceable Dark Souls clone. And I say that with the utmost respect, because it's fun, challenging and feels like a mix of Darksiders, Diablo and Dark Souls.If you enjoyed DS, you will enjoy this.....If it runs. As of this review the game is poorly optimized and requires tweaking to make it run properly. AMD users have no love at launch and many have issues, Nvidia users should change their Physx settings to GPU through the Nvidia control panel.If it is patched, this game is an outstanding achievement for CI Games, because it's well built and fun to play."
76561198025808108,Recommended,265300,12710924,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,The Falcon,"Tons of fun and very challenging. Borrows from the Souls franchise, and that's not a bad thing."
76561198070330940,Recommended,265300,12690807,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,AstinDextor,"It's Caffeine Free Diet Dark Souls, but still good. ""It's not as good as Dark Souls"" isn't really that bad a thing, since most games aren't. Lords of the Fallen is a decent effort. While it falls short in terms of character customization (there is none), the gameplay is fun, the few innovations are all positive, and the game looks fantastic even on the lowest settings."
,Recommended,265300,23452257,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,CitizenX3639,"Thank you to Deck13 and CI games for development and publishing Lords of The Fallen. I enjoyed the world and charcters you provided for me to escape.As i end my run of LOTF during new game + and reflect my on experience it reminds me of a successful turn-based game(Aarklash Legacy) that stripped away a lot of ""trending"" RPG systems to the bone while focusing more on gameplay. I think thats exactly what LOTF also has done though with mixed results but it has more me excited for a sequel rather than another Dark Souls.LOTF is a 3rd person action game in which you play as Harken(no charcter custimization) a criminal that has been sprung from jail from a mysterious monk named Kaslo. Kaslo insist you are the one to defeat the evil rhogar and the revived God Adyr as it takes evil to slay evil. Though Harken wears his crimes on his face with markings(very cool)it is only mentioned briefly from a run in with a guard and we never know what crimes he committed. A big opportunity missed in that regard. Along this story quest you will face a few decisions that will decide one of three possible endings. Its a good video game story with good voice acting but none of it was memorable. Its all pretty standard by now, but more effort is here than expected and its actually a story rather than pieces and speculation.Once you start the game you are only given 3 classes to choose the cleric, warrior, and rouge which for story reasons makes sense. All charcters have pre made stats so custimization is minimal. I chose the rouge class which from my understanding is considered hard mode and at the start it is very diffcult as a slight breeze seemed to kill me. Fortunantley you are able to level quickly but it took a good 10 hrs before i felt powerful. Leveling your character is pretty normal as you slay enemies and complete quests you are rewarded with XP which you will distribute through either upgrading your magic(4 spells x 3 upgrades) or physical (6 options STR/VIT/END/FAITH/AGI/LUCK). Again comapared to a lot of RPGs these upgrades while minimal i think actually made it easier to maintain the specific charcter you envisioned at the start.Gaining experience does come with its caveat of risk and reward. In LOTF the longer you stay alive and kill enemies a multiplier for XP will continue to increase(x2.0 max) and If you die your 'ghost' will be waiting for you to return. However, your ghost will dissolve based on the stregnth of the multiplier. The larger the multiplier the longer it will be visible and at 100%. I like this idea but it is basically null becasue of checkpoints are located everywhere. I can only think of one instance where i was not able to retrieve my ghost and it was just a dumb mistake on my part.LOTF also does not follow todays trend with a massive open world but a more confined semi linear castle exploration design. This made for walking around slow and steady and some of the levels are good but late near the end game i was totally lost and could not recall where to go. Dont be mistaken there are some levels that are outdoors but for the most part action is in tight hallways. The level and quest design also plays into LOTF no hand holding policiy which i love but if you want to make it easier on your self keep notepad and pen close.Not suprising as with any title today i recall LOTF did have some launch issues with some bugs and graphical glitches but other than a crash or 2 the game played and looks amazing. The envorments, weapons, enemies and charcters all have a heavy metal vibe and the sound design maybe some of the best for this type of genre i have heard. The thud of weapons against shields, echoes in the caverns and just the wind blowing all make for a very immersive experience.As a rouge i moved fast and with the spells available i was pretty powerful late in game but getting in close against enemies was high risk. However a majority of fighting is always one on one so encounters are not too difficult. I pretty much used either daggars or these awesome wolverine like claws  as weapons and late in the game i found out somthing i did not know. Without spoilers it basically changed everything about my charcter and i suddenly became a real bad♥♥♥♥♥  If LOTF has its 'thing' its these hidden secrets about weapons, bosses and quests. After i completed the game and found out some of the secrets i was suprised how deep and how many there actually are becasue in In game you would never know.After my initial playthrough i started up new game + which a rarely do but becasue i wanted to see if any higher gear would drop and i was really dissapointed. Enemies and loot did not scale and i basically walked through the first 4 bosses without a scartch. If it did scale who knows i proabably would still be playing.LOTF is a good new action RPG that compliments other titles in the genre but seperating itself in some new and exciting ways.  It doesnt follow todays RPG trends of needing a huge open world, 100hr campaign, and deep crafting system it relys on good ol' game and gameplay and that is always welcome in my librbary.PositivesA solid 3rd person action RPG game that doesnt take 100 hrs to completeEnviroments, weapons, charcters and enemies look greatSound design is incredibleNice clean UINo hand holdingLevel design is ok, but i would like to have seen the world more interconnectedSome bosses are greatA lot of 'hidden' content for quests, bosses and equipYou can break the game making it easyNegativesToo many Checkpoints decrease the tension, maybe an option to decrease for difficulty?Enemy varietySome bosses were very basic in design patternNo scaling for enemeis or loot in new game +the balance of enemies and spells  fells off- you are OPNot a lot of difference in spells from each type of charcter choiceCrafting is quite shallowInventory UI could be better-cant drop itemsNotes:I played on my desktop PC with an R9 390 video cardI have about 30+ hrs in one full playthough and upto the 4th boss on new game +I played the game at 1080P/ 60 running smooth with 1-2 crashesI used an Xbox controller"
,Not Recommended,265300,23566137,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Brigand Boy,"Don't.The game looks pretty. It sounds pretty. The character development feels like it could be pretty.The combat though... isn't good. It's slightly clunky but managable at first, but then you run into an enemy with a tower shield and the fun just jumps out the window and the tedium sets in.It's a game that needs other options on how to deal with enemies, and pigeon-holes you into doing only one thing, regardless of what your spec happens to be. The fact that the rogue, for instance, needs FAITH to cast his spells (and be a rogue) should be a clue. The fact that a tank/warrior needs the same stat to cast HIS spells should also be a clue.The classes don't really work the way they need to.That's not even getting into how the combat feels, which is awkward.Weapons and characters do not interact as if they are in the same world. I feel like the animation happens, then damage somehow happens. I don't feel like the weapon is connecting with anything. The weapons certainly don't connect with the terrain, which is a shame.Weapon animations themsevles are largely dissapointing not just in visual appeal but also in practical use in combat. One of the first weapons you get is a greatsword from a boss, and it is arguably the best in damage for a strength based character but it is also almost useless due to it's slow animation speed and the fact that the move set is awkward in a fight.Dodges are completely useless. They are too short, the invulnerablity is too short, and enemies will follow you through a dodge and hit you anyway if they are charging.Sprinting is a pain in the butt on a controller. Holding down the same joystick you use to move is not a good idea for a sprint function. It's especially awkward since you need sprint to fight and you need sprint to JUMP. And jumping is required to get to certain areas.Leveling up takes too long and the rewards for leveling up aren't that interesting.Spells are limited and mostly boring at the start.Some enemies (especially those with shields) are tedious to the point of frustration because their guard can't be easily broken, dodging around them doesn't work (they stick to you and rotate very fast), the kick attack is erratic and unreliable, and they don't seem to lose stamina when you hit the shield. They certainly don't lose more stamina than you do, and you stagger yourself if you hit a shield anyway.The enemies animations always seem faster than yours, even when they are using a great weapon and you are using a 1h sword. For whatever reason, enemies always seem to interrupt your animation while it is very rare to interrupt theirs. This means you can be spammed to death by enemy attacks, while you cannot spam them to death. This is especially frustrating when dealing with multiple enemies at once. Gods help you if more than one of them has a shield, because using a strong sweeping attack certainly won't.There are more things to complain about, but they all center around the combat system and controls. The thing is, 99% of the game is the fighting, and the fighting itself is tedious and frustrating. Unlike in Dark Souls where if you beat a monster that has been giving you issues and you feel elation, in this game I feel nothing. Ultimately, it feels like I didn't win. I feel like the game just randomly allowed me to win. Skill doesn't appear to play a part in how the game goes, which is exactly the opposite of what I wanted out of this game.In short, don't buy it unless it is heavily discounted. I'm glad I waited and didn't get it at premium new release price ($50+) but I still feel that at $30 I could have spent my money elsewhere and been happier. The game looks really nice, but it doesn't play like a play-tested game. I feel like it was such a missed shot. They had everything they needed to give From a run for their money, but the one thing they didn't perfect bit them in the rear."
76561197970701643,Recommended,265300,13573723,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,I enjoyed this more so than Dark souls 2. Tight conntected levels like the original darksouls: better graphics (heavy physx support) and copy paste combat. It has it's own stuff as well: an interesting and flexable combat system encuraging multiple playthrough's.
,Recommended,265300,29055552,Posted: 6 January,all,Azthall,"IntroductionIf you are that person thinking you might actually enjoy this game but hesitating because of the negative comment ratio, I suggest you not to. Just go out and get it, the content and quality this game offers is well worth its low price even without a sale. Now that being said, let's explain why;Artwork(9/10)The game has an amazing art style and very good graphics to display it. Environments, armors and weapons are of very high quality. Character animations are also well done.  Both movement and attack animations look very natural and feels right.Combat(8/10)Adapted from Dark Souls, the heavily punishing combat system is nothing original but works just fine with a large variety of weapon choices.Story(5/10)Altough we have an intresting main character, a not so bad universe and a few great dialogues, LOTF is not a story driven game. It does introduce us with some details of its universe with the collectible audio notes every now and then but since the game progress is slow due to its difficulty you never get caught in the flow of the story. Also the ending was rushed and looked cheap compared to the rest of the plot.Stability(10/10)I guess the game had some issues at the beginning hence it got a lot of negative comments about crashes and bugs but as for my 20 hour walkthrough I haven't experienced any crashes or glitches.SummaryLOTF is great choice whether you already like Dark Souls-like combat & atmosphere or you want to try it but don't really want to invest a big sum of money just to see if you would like that. It certainly is a very cost-efficient purchase and a fine game that I'd recommend."
76561198045181081,Not Recommended,265300,12759304,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,panic,"I do not recommend this game in the current state.Constant crashes, poor FPS, and a lot of game glitches (Bosses freezing while still doing damage)The game itself looks promising, but it cannot give a satisfying playthrough right now. My personal judgement went from 7/10, to 5/10, to 3/10 currently.Verdict: I would not recommend this game."
76561197985072747,Recommended,265300,13660638,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Dark Fantasy Action RPGSo this game is like Dark Souls, not as good, but in the same league. Dark Souls fastly became one of my favourite game series after a bit of trial and error. This game follows a similar format, fight monsters in third person with melee and a few spells (no ranged in this one I'm afraid). The combat flows quite well, although it could be a bit more accurate on registering a hit sometimes. The mobs are quite varied and will need different tactics to defeat. The same can be said of the bigger bosses. You also might need to grind a bit (not too much so far though) to beat some enemies, but this doesn't feel like a chore. You grab armour and weapons and can customise them with different level gems. The story is standard fayre but it seems to keep the game flowing. You only get the one male character model to use but with three different classes, sorry girls and girl wannabes. I have basically used this game after finishing Dark Souls 2 to give me a break before I jump into the next New Game +, and this game does the job nicely."
76561198025785102,Not Recommended,265300,12725574,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,cerlendson,"This game is so close to being something great, but it's VERY broken currently.  Wait until it is patched before buying it."
76561198054848933,Recommended,265300,13154861,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Hellion,"I just finished my first playthrough in 25 hours. In this time I didnt have any crashes, fps drops or anything, I played on high preset, and game is great looker, (I have pretty much recomended gear according to steam page, only CPU weaker)Smooth gameplay, very nice fluid combat and movement (IMHO better than Dark Souls 2), challenging bosses if you dont overlevel like a MF.I rolled fighter and dont trust that you gonna soak lots of damage in heavy armour, some - yes but not a lot thats why I gone for sword and board style and it worked really nicely - charging, knocking down and backstabing was great. Im deffinitely gonna try other two classes.I picked it up on sale (because of all the instability talk) and dont regret it, deffinitely recomending it (also artstyle of this game is gorgeous, but thats personal taste)"
,Recommended,265300,31804835,Posted: 17 May,all,ThatFilthyGnome,"Good game, Doesn't deserve all the hate it receives for being similar to dark souls. Has it's own game play features and mechanics separate from the souls series. Takes 3 play through's to unlock most of the items and spells. DLC ramps up the difficulty quite a bit if you find the base game too easy."
,Recommended,265300,14910993,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Conargle,Yes.If you're looking for another dark souls-esque game then here have this.here's my experiences with it though;-killed random quest-giver because didn't want to do it-collected loot from him-kicked his body which apparently revived him-killed him again for more loot-killed a spider in a castle's catacombs-proceeded to play with his dead body by kicking it lots-kicked it off an edge into a dark pit of death-got xp a second time for killing it twicewhat have we learnt? KICK EVERYTHING
,Recommended,265300,12690811,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Fixx,"Short version: I recommend this game, it is fun but don't constantly compare it to Dark Souls instead keep your mind open.Long Version: Pretty good, I find it more difficult than dark souls as timing is even more important due to the speed at which most weapons are swung.  This may be a con for some people but I do not mind it as it is much more realistic.  Also unlike dark souls where you can dual weild greathammers larger than your character this game has much more realistic human abilities.  Some of the very large weapons must be two handed to even use (I like this, some may not).  Also just an fyi, armour is much more important in this as opposed to Dark Souls.  I was finding the game borderline impossible because I was barely armoured and getting 1-2 shotted by most everything.  Once I started wearing some heavier gear though it became much more possible.  As of right now (2 days after launch) the game has major crashing issues and I am upset that this is taking so long to patch as this should be a day one patch."
,Recommended,265300,29552575,Posted: 28 January,all,Glauber Leite,"Not so hard as Dark Souls, but does it really matter!? Hell not! It's a good game. A gameplay that make you feel quite powerful and yearning to smash the enemies. If you are the kind of person that likes to play as a badass human giant-demon-killer in a cold and relentless environment, this game is for you."
,Recommended,265300,12681222,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Demisin,"EDIT 2:  End-game, some bugsEDITED: Read bottom for help against stutter and potential decrease in crashes!After an hour of gameplay there ain't much to say. But the game is awesome so far, controls are a bit different than Dark Souls but there actually is alternative controls which makes it EXACTLTY the same. The game itself is amazing, love the graphics and the combat is brutal and realistic, get caught in a combo and you're dead. Much like souls, exp drop on death and is reclaimable, but there's some other things too that is different and maybe a bit more... Creative?For souls fans, I really would recommend. There's no customization (sadly) other than new armor/weapons (looks amazing though).Edit 2: End-game, some bugsAlright, so I have reached the end of the game and I'd like to share my complete opinion.The game is still really good, I freakin love the various, enemies, bosses, armors and weapons throughout the game. Having said that, there's still some bugs and the game is... Resource heavy. My rig (GTX 780, 16GB RAM, i7-4790K CPU @ 4.00GHz) crashes after a while of playing and I get a message about my graphics card crashing, probably overheating. I'm no expert, but I'd say the game needs some tweaking, because there's obviously something wrong.Some bugs I've discovered:http://fextralife.com/forums/p686398/bug-report-various-bugs-big-or-small/#p686398Edit: Stutter and potential decrease in crashes!Got some more time in now, the game is really good and the bosses, storyline, creatures and equipment are really interesting. The only problem that seems to bother people are lots of crashing and I experience them too. Hopefully this will be fixed ASAP as announced by the developers.Things that might decrease the crashes and stuttering:-Turn off Nvidia Turbulence and/or Vsync in the Advanced Display Settings in-game (Announced by dev, might help).-Optimize the game with Gforce Experience!- Might help to configure the PhysX settings in the Nvidia control panel: Changing processor from auto to CPU helped for some (in my case it got worse, I use my GTX 780)"
,Recommended,265300,12994315,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Zeemond,"Hello all, first off, i haven't played dark soul so this review will be for the standalone game and no comparison between it and DS.The game remind me a bit of bound by flame, or even darksiders 2. The sad thing about is that most of the game, the stamina bar only feel like it is there to slow the action down. I can understand the wish for realism, but getting winded in 3 swings to instantly recover 2 seconds later.., i am not a fan of the mechanic as a whole. The game rpg roots are solid, using xp for ability and spells investments rather than actual level up (each investment count as a level up and require more to increase as you do it). Along with that you have a gamble mechanic where you can lose XP. Being defeated drop a xp ghost that you have to gather back or recover using items, otherwise the xp is lost. The more enemy you kill in a row without stopping increase the reward gained which is enticing, as some players may want to challenge themselves and end up with 40 levels worth of upgrades sooner than expected.  The bosses tend to be challenging and require patience or varied approach as your game play style can greatly vary depending if you're the heavy armor self healing type or the nimble rogue-style stabber.The game visually remind me of dark fantasy settings and is passable. At launch the game had a few stability issues, but they have since been fixed, for me at least. most of the few bugs i have seen weren't game breaking.The rest of the game is a rpg experience that focus on action and combat rather than storytelling, which may be something some players are looking for these days. It is not my best rpg of the year but, with the replayability, i am still glad i bought it.Have a nice day all!-Lost"
,Recommended,265300,13048929,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Lord Weh,"Interesting combat, beautiful locations and character designs, although buggy and a poor story.I really enjoyed Lords of the Fallen. I've never played Dark Souls, although I have heard there are many similarities to those games, so if you've played those I suspect you know what you're in for. Fans of the Dark Souls games have criticised Lords of the Fallen for being too easy. This could be true, I certainly didn't struggle for any amount of time on any boss fights, although there is a level of challenge to learning how to fight effectively and to levelling your character up. Plentiful health potions and several of your spells can make the process feel easier than it may have been without them, and the dodging system is generally fairly generous in what counts as a hit or a dodge.The story is fairly standard fare, with no surprises and some terrible dialogue. It hits a few tired cliches along the way too, such as 'man is the real monster' and characters that are clearly going to betray you 'shockingly' betray you at the opportune moments. Having said that, the story worked enough that I wanted to continue playing and see it through to the end. The environments are beautiful, and a real draw. Set in a mountain monastary, I enjoyed unlocking the various areas and whilst there's a lot of back-tracking, it didn't take too long to reach anywhere else, with some areas feeling like hubs that you can branch off from. I've heard complaints of the areas not being distinct enough, I'm not sure I agree personally; there's some real variety, and the alternate 'rhogar' world you visit is quite striking, I feel there's enough variety without feeling like the game goes through a cartoony 'theme' for each zone.The game is relatively short (I completed it in about 15 hours), although it offers New Game + and New Game ++ modes for those looking for more, apparently offering a little more story and new treasures to discover. The game does have quite a few bugs, notably the game crashed completely on me three times in my 15 hours. Some enemies would bug out and stop moving, and I died for no apparrent reason a couple of times too. All that aside, I still really enjoyed the game, and if you're looking for something fun and not too shallow but not too deep, I'd recommend giving this a try."
,Recommended,265300,12690558,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Ŧorrent_:-۝-:_PĦ|2ÆK,"Game isn't perfect, but it received a patch (that cleared most/all issues i had) within 24 hours of release. some might argue that it should have released like that... smarter people might realize the sheer scope of different hardware, etc. and how most other developers don't respond that quickly.On to the game itself. the difficulty is that of Dark Souls (duh) but not in a bad way. each enemy is different, requires different movement/weapon choices. the character voice animations are pretty bad, but the textures are beautiful, and the combat feels fluid and dynamic. story seems interesting, albeit short and to the point in delivery.Would give 8/10 and shall recommend. (if you liked souls, then try this. it is a lot of fun, and refreshing to see a positive take on said gametype)"
,Recommended,265300,12718595,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Potato,"If not for near release day crashes, performance issues and negativity for copying Dark Souls.  It's a pretty decent game. (Patch 1.2 improved the game greatly, just completed first playthrough.  Highly recommended as of now)Supposedly the companies first big budget title (can't confirm or deny).  I for one, welcome our new western dark souls overlord.Pros:-Plays like a slower version of Dark Souls (Combat wise) (Huge perk imo)-Neat moveset variety (Per weapon, One handed, two-handed/duel wielded and a magical gauntlet)-Everything feels like they have weight to it (Heavier weapons will feel heavy, large shields will be near impenetratable)-Amazing graphics and breathe-taking views.-Replayability due to different playstyles, magic selection and NG+ (up to 3 times)-Decent upgrade system via runes (Discovered some weapons can change if you use the proper runes on them)-Lore is available if you want to look for it-Very fluid combat (Any attack into any attack)-High risk, high reward style of play is rewarded (Obviously, by name itself)-Intense moments where it's either kill or be killed-You can spec heavily into your playstyle (be it heavy weapons, a flurry of lighter blows, turtling-Enemies all have a niche, although sometimes shared (Immortality until you obtain their heart, two lives, tanky/high threat)-60FPS/1080P or potentially beyond ( I can now run max settings with almost no fps problems )-Most cons can be easily fixed with a patch (They have just done so)Cons:-Randomly crashes, one known to me with the fire-fiend explosive enemy(ies) (FIXED)-Major performance issues outdoors (FIXED / IMPROVED GREATLY)-Upgrade system is small and could be expanded upon (four choices with different rarity/power)-Once you know an enemies' weakness you can easily exploit it for a quick win-Heavy armor is easy mode and basically required unless you drag a fight out (Rephrase- more forgiving than relying on dodges alone which can be difficult)-Sidequests can be cut off by progressing too far into the main story-Most of the lore is hidden within discriptions and items you randomly pick up and not get a prompt to delve into.-You can't tell if you're going the wrong way until an enemy wrecks your♥♥♥♥♥♥-Reused areas and replaced mobs when you defeat a lord (Game always has you returning to places you've been (zzz same environment)-Borrows heavily from Dark Souls (Combat, some boss moves (I.E. Worshipper's ground spike move reminds me of Gravelord Nito's blade dance/scream)-DON'T LOOK AT THE BLOODY SUN, OH GOD MY EYES, LENSFLARE EFFECTS-Blotchy ""snow sticking to camera"" effect, bland hexgon like shapes.Protip: This is an opinion, please don't argue it.Edit: As of a couple hours ago patch 1.2 rolled out, I can now highly recommend this game as the crashes I have encountered have been fixed and outdoor FPS and other performance issues are a lot better.  A week from release and they fixed their game pretty damn well."
,Recommended,265300,15118837,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Mono in D,"Lords of the Fallen has a lot to offer, but falls short in many places.Like a pie without crust, the contents are delicious but have no foundation to sit in. That said, combat feels fantastic and the bosses awesome. Definitely worth playing through once.+Solid Combat+Great Graphics-Weak Story-Unintuitive"
,Recommended,265300,22791610,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,|Z.N.| ArcticElysium |USA|,"Lords Of The Fallen ReviewI personally really like this title. Now, before I dive deep into this review I just want to clarify a few things.I had originally played this around November of 2014 on Xbox One. I think it ran at about 15 - 30 FPS. So I didn't see it worth it on Console.I never made it past the second boss a.k.a ""Commander"" while playing this on console because there was no difficulty option.I have waited until 2016 to pick it up because I bought a GTX 970 paired with my AMD FX-6300 so I can play it on PC.I haven't completed the game, because I am taking my time with it and exploring everywhere I can.Pros:Beautiful graphics.Good level designs.Sounds! The sounds are amazing in the game. From the footsteps of your plated boots hitting the ground to opening a demon chest and hearing it ""roar"" until completely opened.Options menu. I would have liked to see more, but what they have now is fineThe ""Feel"" of the game. I love how heavy you can feel when wearing heavy armor and how light and agile you are when wearing cloth ""rouge"" armor.Weapons. There are plenty of weapons to choose from and having certain runes slotted into them makes the weapons more deadly!Looting. Oh man, looting in this game is so much fun! From looting armor, weapons and runes I can't get enough!Mixed:Combat. While the combat is somewhat balanced, it just feels ""okay"". We do have some special moves you can pull of depending on your orientation to the enemy and/or type of attack, I think is kinda boring. I've spent most my time with the following on every enemy. 2 Heavy attacks + 1 Regular + 1 Heavy.AI. The AI in this game gives me a mixed feeling. The AI scales with your characters level so it makes sense to make them hard or challenging. Well, with the different types of enemies you encounter (Excluding bosses) I feel like some of them ""cheat"" or are more difficult than they should be.Music. (The Pros about sound were specifically on the in-game sound design, not the music) The music is okay, while it's nothing great, it does provide a certain feeling. I just wish they had a little more variety. While playing through the game you'll find yourself listening to the same audio tracks over and over again.Cons:Boss fights. I am a few bosses in and had the weapon ""My Axe"" and the ""Symmetry"" armor set. While wearing this armor you get a 15% (I think) Damage increased when two-handing a weapon. So, I had two runes added to ""My Axe"" one High Poison Rune and one Low Fire Rune. I literally hit the ""Annihilator"" Boss about 6 times and killed it. Certain bosses are hard and certain ones are too easy and predictable.Characters. I really dislike how all the character are introduced. Harkyn, a criminal we know that, but what for? Why was he chosen by Kaslo just to help ""save"" the world? Kalso, No idea who he is, besides a wizard/mage that was travelling with Harkyn and broke him out of prison. Anntanas, the guards look up to him as if he is a god. No real back story to him. (Keep in mind this is based off of not finding every single audio note and a general play-through of the game)_____________________________________________________________________________________________________Overall is a nice game. It's solid and is worth picking it up. I personally waited until it was on sale from $39.99 to $9.99 USD. I would spend $9.99 again on it in a heart beat.So, if you want to play dark souls or have tried and it seems too difficult for you then just pick this up. It's a much more relaxed casual look on a ""Hardcore"" Action RPG.Rating 8/10."
76561197972720910,Recommended,265300,23105538,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,MaYzE,"Not sure what graphics engine they used, but this game was pretty.  I really enjoyed my play though with this game.  Some frustration with slow attack animations, but nothing game breaking.  I had read sites saying that this game considered easy mode Dark Souls, and I would have to agree.  Although it was still challenging at times, I did find as you got new gear the difficulty went way down.Like most games, you will get a feel for a certain way of attacking, certain combos, and spells to use.  Once you master your technique this game is not very challenging but still wickedly fun.  This title may not have the depth, challenge, and longevity of the souls games, but for someone looking for a moderately challenging and beautiful ARPG this is a worthy pickup.  I would suggest anyone who is not familiar with action RPG titles play this one before attempting Dark Souls to understand some of the battle mechanics and frustrations that come with ARPG games.  Most definitely recommended."
,Recommended,265300,12699135,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Jade Penetrate,I cut off a monks arm and he said thanks. 9/10
,Recommended,265300,31777926,Posted: 15 May,all,|Faizyr| Derank me pls,"I never understood the hate for lords of the fallen.  It's a very nice semi linear game with some more demon souls aspects to it with more focus on an rpg like leveling system which I enjoyed and has a lot more focus on story which driven me more to what I was doing and understanding why we are doing this.As someone who disliked dark souls 1 and 2 and enjoyed Demon's souls and Dark souls 3. This game is very different from the hundreds of comparisons people do stating this is just a clone. It really isn't, It is it's own little thing  and it should be treated like so, It's own. It's a very good single player experience."
,Not Recommended,265300,12739568,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,TOKYO fatboy,"DO NOT BUY IN CURRENT STATEhey, you might have a computer that will run this smooth as butter, but you probably wont. stay away for now. TERRIBLE performance. devs shouldnt make any more games, they arent good at it, clearly.ill review the game when it runs higher than 25fps on my decent pc on low settings."
76561198116527414,Recommended,265300,25351220,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Sigmar,"This is essentially Dark Souls for casual players. It offers very good graphics, gorgeous armour and weapons, impressive sceneries, enemies of great variety, bosses with many interesting tactics, a dark and mysterious background story - just as the big model. Dark Souls II was too frustrating and stressful for me - this one, I had fun with. Pity that it is so short and the game world so limited."
76561198048004697,Not Recommended,265300,32792436,Posted: 25 June,all,SolarEstuary,"So many great ideas utterly ruined by horrible gameplay and design decisions. Let's start with the good:-Fantastic graphics and presentation. Everything feels polished and very nice.-Great controls.-Awesome muci-Great art directionNo the bad:-The gameplay ruins the great controls-The gauntlet is LITERALLY the worst weapon in any game I've ever played. Seriously. It's useless. It actually makes the game MORE difficult, that's how terrible it is.-The combat is terribly slow, meanwhile all the enemies are usually very quick.-Balance is horrible. I can destroy a Boss without getting hit, but a random enemy with a fraction of the life will prevent me from progressing further.-Various other design and gameplay decisions that are truly baffling.I wanted to like this game, and in many ways I do, but there is just so much that is frustrating and terrible, that I just can't bring myself to waste any more time on it. Not when Dark Souls exists, and not when thousands of other less infuriating games are out there.Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,265300,33714948,Posted: 22 July,all,F1orida,"Regretable purchase even on sale. I went for a full warrior build in plate armor and a skeloton can two shot me where as a boss the size of 20 silverblack gorrillas takes more hits to kill me with a hammer 3x the size of my character. Combat is so clunky, there's no outplaying the ai. Every mob has a cheap method to kill that is far from satisfying combat. Example, shielded ememys are easier to kill by opening a gap, charging and heavy attack, rinse and repeat. Sometimes swinging the same weapon with two hands is actually slower than swinging with one hand.. have the developers even held a bat before? Most negative reviews are relivant. Great graphics terrible gameplay."
,Recommended,265300,25340941,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Nixara,"Not bad. Enjoying it. Let's say this game is ""inspired by Dark Souls"". I find this game not too difficult, but that may be due to previous Dark Souls experience. Only downside is it crashed every once in a while... once during a boss fight which was... annoying. But the story is ok - if basic and the combat is enjoyable. Recommended if you are looking for something like Dark Souls but not Dark Souls."
,Recommended,265300,26329472,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ozzy*,"If you've played and enjoyed anything similar to the Dark Souls series, this game is right up your ally!After reading all of the negative ""clunky"" reviews, I had to investigate further - this is simply just players not familiar with an action RPG, and managing stamina/energy during combat and actions, or taking into consideration the weight management of equipment you're carrying.I haven't played a lot of the game, but can hardly wait to play more!This is seriously an under rated gem. Which is unfortunate that many will most likely not experience as a result of the reviews.The git-gud or git punished style game play is pertty similar to Dark Souls, but definitely has it's own flair/twist, and is quite enjoyable. I would say it's even more forgiving than a DS game, and is a great into into this style of game."
76561197995656590,Recommended,265300,32997424,Posted: 29 June,all,Ignite,"Pro+ If you love Dark soul, You may like this game.+ Characters Design was at a very top notch quality+ Variety and beautiful looking weapons (or definitively an arsenals)+ Interesting improvement from ""Dark soulish"" system (Weight effect your energy and speed, Proving ground etc.)+ Soundtrack was......Good.+ Graphic display was amazingly well done.Note: Lord of the fallen feel like a well mix in authentic style of Western game design take on to Easter game like dark soul. All and all it create quite an intersting world.Con (With extremely prejudice on compare this game to Darksoul series)- The world feel ""Small"" in comparision to dark soul.- The characters are borrrrring and blandddding in every perspective (Including Protagonist who seem to dead on the inside). I've found none of the cast to be any worth to be memorable.- The story start out strong and slowlyyyyy fall into ""The one"" story clich'e.Note: And yet it doesn't have enough charm like ""Dark soul"" series did. The voice over bare no interesting, Writing of dialogue and story was even worse.Conclusion: If you are looking for some alternative from darksoul, Lord of the fallen should provide. But don't expect to delve into a story much on this one."
,Recommended,265300,12703705,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Lucifer,"If you like dark souls then you will probably like this game.  There are several problems with it though.  First off there are definetely performance issue which I suscpect are present because this game was written mostly as a console game which both consoles use radeon, and I use a nvidia card.  Also in regards to the gameplay I have found it to be much slower combat than dark souls.  In dark souls I often found myself going without a shield, carrying a big damage weapon and rolling to avoid most damage.  I do not really find that strategy to be all that effective in this as the enemies have more health and also seem to hide behide shields.  This isn't nessesarily a bad thing, I view it as kind of the opposite direction of where bloodbourne is headed as they are going for a more offensive playstyle.  The weapons in this game I think really need balancing.  The weapons you expect to deal high damage (clubs, greatswords, ext.) do far less damage than the staff weapon which attack much faster and consume less stamina.  Maybe I am missing a gameplay mechanic here but I really think axes and the like should do more damage than staves.  Something that I think is a huge streagth for the game is the magic.  The spell are so different from the ones in dark souls and it is something new.  I hope this is the first in a number of games that follow this dark souls like formula, a genre of fantasy rpgs with combat that doesnt suck."
,Recommended,265300,13016968,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Pimp Juice,"Not as bad as what some people are saying.. definitely room for improvement. Especially with balancing issues concerning gameplay. sometimes too hard, some times too easy.  Only crashed ONCE for me.I'd say give it a shot, once the game goes on discount."
,Recommended,265300,25589905,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,8Яⅰ∆и,"So far this game is really awesome. Graphics are beautiful. I like the third person view distance, just right. The movement of my character is smooth/fluid with good combat mechanics. Is this game hard? Yes at first, but does get easier as you level up & get better weapons/armor. Each monster has its own style of killing you & you must figure out how & when to execute your weapon. It can be brutal, especially at first. But it feels rewarding when you figure out how to kill these jokers. So far the game runs very smooth. At the moment, my character is doing pretty well overall. I am still being killed at times, but with only a few wrong moves rather than just one wrong move."
,Recommended,265300,23117380,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ekrah,"It's very good, the visuals are good, bosses look amazing.Story is terrible, enemies are VERY predictable and use the same combos over and over and over (bosses included)The camera movement is AWFUL but you get used to it.Comparing to Dark Souls, it is nowhere near as hard or feels as smooth. Dark Souls enemies feel unpredictable and hit you with unexpected combos unlike LOTF.Overall it is good but you should wait for a sale when it is $9.99. Definately worth the price!"
,Recommended,265300,35066544,Posted: 19 September,all,SnugSnug,"Another on the fence review and the general feeling of Mixed is accurate. A tentative thumbs up; sale recommended.There is a lot to like about this game but at the same time it's high levels of frustration and rage inducing mechanics and gameplay design will often leave one wondering whether they're having fun or simply needing the justification of finally passing which ever section is currently blocking their progress.The first boss teaches one everythig they need to know about this game. Things like taget lock will result in reload, getting hit will either result in stun or death and enevitable reload. Attacking sequentially will often result in overextension, loss of stamina and reload. Not learning the several phases of each enemies attack patterns will prevent game progression. But most importantly one must not make mistakes, learn the pattern exploit the weakness execute a flawless routine and skill will prevail.Overleveling will ease the experience and provide enough margin of error to make the game more enjoyable but this also requires more gambling of ones xp through grinding which isn't always possible and game design sometimes prevents back tracking to easier areas especilly if one triggers a boss that blocks a zone until defeated.The graphics are decent, the story is fully fleshed out via player found notes, audio logs and cutscenes (but not to everyones liking) and each succesive completion expands on it changing the cinematic ending. The voice acting is average but also down to personnal preference. There are plenty of player incentives in the form of loot, collectables and challanges.The controls are simple enough, sometimes they're not as responsive as one might desire. The stamina mechanic is there and harsh for players who haven't experienced it before but managable through character build and concise actions. Character development is lite rpg, and each main class does play different on the inital playthrough. New game + is really where this game starts to shine in character game design, but it also the point when one really needs to consider if they can be bothered to continue playing again, and again...Checkpoint saves, loss of xp on death but with a chance to regain it if they can collect there ghost before there next death. The ability to bank ones XP or stack it for improved gains. Respawning enemy on zone loads for grinding and the ability to avoid most boss fights in preference of earlier levels and restricted progression. Multiple uses of same maps with incentives for re-exploring beyond grinding but also tedious as one must backtrack through design. Boss fights are in restricted arenas once entered one can only leave victorious or dead. Loading screens between zones. Most zones are linear or circular with varying number of access points to other zones. Zones are mostly locked to game progression preventing accidental or inquisitve exploration."
,Recommended,265300,26298211,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,dentorium,"As a dark souls fan ;I really love this game. I didnt buy when it released because heard lots of technical issues. Shame developers ruined its reputation with this bad release. But now, they fixed the issues and didnt experience a single crash. If you love dark souls, definitly give a chance to this game. Of course Its not as amazing as dark souls. No online features etc. But Lords of the Fallen has its own taste that you will like."
76561197970603994,Not Recommended,265300,28022377,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[SSO] Bleddyn,"Lords of the Fallen is, at it's core, a Dark Souls knock off. For those who think Dark Souls is a little more challenging than it's worth but love the idea, Lords of the Fallen is here for you.Mechanics:You start off by picking a generic class type: Brawling, Deception, and Solace (Warrior, Rogue, Mage). Each class type gets a unique set of 4 spells, with 3 levels within each spell type. Within these classes, there are sub class choices made up primarily by beginning stat variations. You level up your attributes by killing mobs, and gaining experience. You get an experience modifier that scales up the more enemies you kill without saving. Dying loses all experience, and you have to run back to your ghost and claim your ghost to regain lost experience.All class types can wear all types of armor, with a burden rate that slows down your character as it becomes more burdened. They can also use all types of weapons, but weapons have stat requirements that make most weapons outside of your class unlikely to be used. Occasionally mobs will drop runes that can be ""unsealed"" by a mystical ghost armorsmith to varying levels of usefulness (i.e. common luck rune vs. flawless luck rune). These can be slotted into armor and weapons for bonuses. There are a handful of trinkets that can also be equipped that are seeded throughout the world and add additional bonuses (more weight carrying, health regen, additional magic regen, etc.).Magic and Energy is used to cast spells and swing weapons respectively, with spells and weapons draining set amounts on casts. Once the bars are drained, the respective ability can no longer be used until it's regenerated.Armor and weapons never break, and can't be sold. They are collected, and stored and swapped out at any time (including mid battle). You also have a set number of potions that grows as you find more empty potion bottles, which can be refilled (partially) at save points (eerily similar to Dark Souls flasks and fires). In addition to potions, you are given consumables which grant fire resistance, energy points, etc. Energy and Magic regenerates but health does not.If all of that sounds pretty standard, that's because it is. Lords of the Fallen does not provide anything new, and instead provides a healthy dose of mediocre. It's like watching an action movie that you know wont be great, but you've watched all the good action movies already. You'll settle for that movie. It'll hit that craving, but you wont go out and tell your friends to go and watch it. That's Lords of the Fallen.Story **SPOILERS**:Where Dark Souls makes you curious about the world you're wandering around in, Lords of the Fallen teases it ever so slightly just enough for you to realize you (and likely the story writers) don't care at all about it. But you don't play Lords of the Fallen for the storyline. You play it to kill monsters.The game immediately throws you into the middle of a storyline, requiring you to suspend your belief and understand that a lot of things happened before you started this game, and you don't need to know about them, nor will you ever learn.Facts:1) You're a criminal (Harkyn)2) You're following a monk (Kaslo) who has apparently let you out of jail.3) They tattooed your face so others can recognize you as a criminal.Why did they let you out. You don't need to know. Why are you following this monk instead of just killing him and running off? You don't need to know. What did you do to land you in jail? You don't need to know.You start off right in the action, in Keystone Monastary, where Antanas the king of everything is holed up. You fight the Rhogar, a demonic race that is invading the human plane, and killing humans. You find out that Anatanas has found a way of seperating the evil of man from the good, leaving only the good, and it is hinted that this might be want has spawned the Rhogar.Kaslo lets you know that it is your duty to fight the Rhogar Lords. Throughout your journey you run into Yetka, another warrior in the area who is looking for ways to translate a book left to her by her parents in a different language.You fight your way through a number of bosses including the First Warden, Commander, and Worshipper (in the graveyard). The first two are fairly simply knight type bosses, with the Worshipper summoning demons that you can kill before they hatch. Once you kill this Demon, you enter... THE RHOGAR REALM. It's here you meet the Crafter, a floaty blackish ghost being whose evolved in the Rhogar Realm to travel dimensions. Who was he before he evolved? You don't need to know. You find out very little else about himIn the Rhogar Realm you kill some of the Rhogar Lords in order to stop the Rhogar invasion, so you do, and come back to planet.... not Rhogar. Here, you meet back up with Kaslo and fight your way back through the Rhogar's invading the Monastery to get to Antanas. Through audio clips picked up by floating scrolls you find out that Antanas is obsessed with evil after losing his wife, driving him mad. Kaslo seems to sense that something is wrong, telling you he will stay behind to investigate, while Antanas sends you back to the Rhogar Realm to kill the remaining Rhogar Lords, and draw out Adyr the god who controls them.So you go and kill the Rhogar lords back in the same map you used. You meet Yetka once again who is still deciphering her family text. Turns out it's written in Rhogar! You come upon a beast, and she implores you not to to kill it, because it can take her to her family. So for once, you show mercy, and let her take the time traveling beast back to her family.... and that's the end of her storyline. Why was she trying to find her family? You don't need to know.Finally you make it to Adyr, who shows you the ghosts of all the bosses you've defeated (with stats on how many times you died and how long it took you to kill them. Thanks Adyr!) and he tells you... (PLOT TWIST!!!) Antanas is the bad guy all along *dun dun dun*. He never shows up, and gives you a magical rune to use against Antanas to kill him, and let the Rhogar win once and for all. And so you... BUT WAIT! Kaslo shows up in ghost form, and reveals that he is in fact also a god, but a watcher, sent to restore balance.And then he sends you back to the Monastarey where you run into Ghost Crafter, the being you know  almost literally nothing about? He mentions offhandedly how pretty your new rune is, speaks a riddle, and presents you with a choice.  Do you forge the rune into your armor, your weapon, or just let him have it. Apparently this choice alone determines whether you let the humans win, the Rhogar win, or balance the world. Why does he need the rune to balance the world? Why him? You don't need to know.So you give him the pretty rune given to you by a god literally not twenty seconds earlier, and fight your way through soldiers to reach Antanas only to find out he's turned into a Rhogar himself! (dun dun.... dun.....). So you kill him, and the game is over.Congratulations."
,Recommended,265300,12688108,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,pfury,"Post Patch review!LORDS OF THE FALLEN is somehow more appeleaing to me then any Soul games.-Difficult bosses,-Challange rooms which rewared you with a rare item upto completing the task,-Great Exp and leveling system  (longer you stay alive without leveling up higher exp gain)-Most areas in the game are open to explore but its not advisable! you will meet bigger and tougher ""Fallen"" enemies with exceptional high HP and damage. High exp reward for killing one of thes beasts!- NG++ and plenty places to explore and side quests to complete.- Amazing visuals!One of the best games of 2014."
,Recommended,265300,33661798,Posted: 19 July,all,FocusBoxHero,"Having Trouble with FPS and Crashing?So simply enough this game will crash without enough video memory. For about a decade Virtual Memory has been developed into the windows operating system to facilitate running programs that lesser hardware would otherwise not be able to run without crashing... Continue Reading the guide here.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1082577663Not sure about ""GeForce GTX 560 ti or better"" because my GTX 760 2GB is barely enough to play on the lowest settings. Progressing and leveling means grind killing lobbys of increasingly difficult encounters via leaving / entering game world zones. If progressing forward is too difficult you'll need to backtrack and repeat previous zones until strong enough to continue past new encounters. After only five hours I've killed the first two wardens and the game has become repetitive backward and extremely  difficult to progress forward. Either die fighting forward or travel backward to grind up levels; there is no second choice and no fast route forward. Now the worst part is that the game ocasianlly crashes and I lose the EXP that I am tired of grinding up. Very sad and very unplayable. This game not only just kinda sux but really does suck in that weird way that I can't stop thinking about uninstalling it; then at the same time keep wondering how dificult it would be to complete and if I could tolerate earning the steam achievements... I don't recommend it for anyone that isn't willing to suffer."
,Recommended,265300,12671656,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Hydrodjent,"Very Early Review, only a few hours in so far with the first 'Boss' down, and I have to say I'm loving it so far. As a huge fan of the Soul Series and From Software ingeneral, I feel this game is going to fill 'Dark Souls void' until Bloodbourne comes out.The game engine is very smooth, attack animations are very fluid and the sounds to go with are amazing and very immersive. If you're a fan of Dark SoulsPVEthan you will not regret this buy! Will post more as I play through.Playing through abit more one of my complaints would have to be the camera control or positioning at times, it can feel kind of buggy at times and lead to a few irritable deaths. You'll also notice how heavy of an influence the weight of your armour makes on the speed of your dodges, again like in dark souls. But I feel you're more penalized for using heavy armor in this game, atleast early game.Pros so far:Immersive EnviromentDestructable EnviromentsSoundtrack & Voice ActingFluid Gameplay MechanicsIntense and long lasting Boss Fights with some awesome mechanics and attack animationsGauntlets (A Shield/ Magical Projectile item)Lots of lore filled items and audio logsOptimized very well for PC, no crashes and consistant high frame ratesReplayability with new game+ and different classesAttacks feel 'real' a 2handed power attack takes a decent ammount of time to follow through giving the attacks a very real feeling with a tactical approachCons so far:No Character CustomizationCamera controls/anglesGame pace is very slowNo mini map or quest markers which can lead to getting lost quite oftenNo Co-opNo multiplayer / PVP3 Classes (Warrior/Cleric/Rogue)My PC Specs and Settings:Intel Core i3 3220 3.3ghz16 GB RAMGeForce GTX 750 Ti SC (Overclocked quite abit)Running on High settings with x16 Anistropic Filtering"
76561198052633453,Recommended,265300,24649756,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,the.waves.of.time,"I have like 800 hours of play between Dark Souls 1, 2 and 3. I have never played Demon Souls or Bloodborne as I have never had a console and will never own one. Period.I have just installed Lords of The Fallen as I finished DS3 three times and got enough of it.And…So far so good...It is not Dark Souls game. In some aspects it is familiar to DS, but it is more fantasih with a touch of D&D. The plot/story feels more significant and clear than in DS with a touch of mystery.I also do not understand all the hate towards this game. I do feel it is hugely underrated on Steam.Pros:-	Beautiful graphics – I find the graphics way better than in Dark Souls 3. The game is simply gorgeous.-	Performance/Optimization – again better than in DS3 – On full QHD and everything maxed out (all details on very high and antis on x16) I can run it 50-60 fps on my laptop. Whereas DS is only 40-45 on just full HD with occasional drops to as low as 30.-	Apart from occasional Memory leaks I have not encountered any bugs yet-	Lore – I like the logs you find throughout the game-	Atmosphere – proper Dark Fantasy Game with more stress on Fantasy than in Dark Souls-	NPCs  - so far I encountered like 5 of them and I found every one convincing and interesting-	Plot – so far so good – mysterious and stimulating-	Character development – very intuitive-	Equipment – armours and weapons – well developed – imo better than in DS-	Portals to the other worlds – I like the ideaHard to say-	Fighting system – it is okay but comparing to DS it feels much slower and clunky; I can still enjoy it though. Especially with some final hits that feel so powerful-	Levels design – I am still in two minds about it; levels seemed well connected but in the same time felt too small and shorts; I need to play more.-	Voiced Protagonist  – he feels like a really badass criminal – maybe not my type but I am able to impersonate while playing so its good and he has a good voice… but still I prefer the solution like in DS where you can shape your protagonist the way you like.Cons:-	You can’t hit a wall with your weapon like it is always too far. That feels really unreal-	Enemies – so far I have not seen anything special, just humanoids with shield, few assasins with daggers or crossbows and mutes – I will change this if I encounter more interesting enemies-	Bosses – so far I beat two and they were very easy + very similar – I will change this if I encounter more interesting bosses-	Rolling – it just does not feel right, even when not almost overcumbered it is slow and has short range. I barely use it-	Enemies that are covered behind their shields at all time – I find them really frustrating especially when using heavy slower weapon-	Memory leaks – it kicked me out like 2 times during 3 hours of play to the desktop with a message to close apps in order to free some RAM. I have 16GB of RAM and it is just not right; I am not sure if that is the game’s problem or Windows 10. Same thing happened to me with Fallout 4, but not in DS3-	Move set – only light and heavy attack + roll attack – is that right or am I missing something-	No multiplayer – that is too bad; I like the DS multiplayer and I think same thing could have been implemented hereMy Ratings:DS 1: 9/10DS 2: 8/10DS 3: 9/10Lords of the Fallen: 7/10UPDATE:+ I really like this game for it immense and hard to find secrets:)UPDATE 2:Finished it after 24 hours (I know it is long for this game but it’s just me I like to take my time a lot while playing focusing on all the closed doors and secrets) and my final feelings made me to decrease my rating from 7/10 to 6/10 and here is why (some spoilers ahead)-	After finishing it I realised I do not have the desire to go into NG+. Why? It is hard to say but I have got a feeling this game has nothing more to offer and I kinda do not want to go through this story again. I have had like half an hour on NG+ as an assassin and I felt fed up (2 out of 4 assassin’s skills are almost exactly the same as warrior’s) + the only thing NG+ changes is the enemies health what means you just need to hit them more like in Fallout 4, sponges-	(All the) Bosses are like super-easy; no challenge there at all; The most it took me to take down a boss was 2 tries and I had to do it only with 3 bosses. The biggest let-down was the last boss. I entered a room for the first time with just 4 potions (out of 12) and I won... It took me like 15 minutes, being careful with my life but it was just… too easy-	The story climax and the ending was disappointing; [SPOILERS WARNING]  first off why did I have to betray humans and Antannas? Why couldn’t I fight the god and help Antannas? No choice there and I was expecting more. Ending itself was poor as well.-	Monsters variety – not enough and too boringBut despite all the above I would still recommend this game to anyone to try it out. It was fun for me for one play through and the game has a lot of nice touches to offer (like graphics, atomosphere, secrets and lore). For me it is strong 6/10. After finishing it I can say (no remorse) it is in different league than Dark Souls; it is a different game but in the same time feels a bit short and lacking in some aspects where Dark Souls shines."
76561198008814934,Not Recommended,265300,12795753,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Kassell,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ON PC JUST YET! The game crashes every time I play it and I have a new £3000 PC, so thats not the issue. I have only used the main menu to exit the game twice since I didnt need to every other time I have stopped playing it. The game is ok and the graphics are really good. The trash mobs are too easy once you know what to do and most bosses I have killed on my first or second attempt, so its not really in the same league as Dark Souls when it comes to boss fights. I did pick up a legendary weapon early on that scaled with my main stat, so that has made a lot of the game trivial. If you are thinking of buying this game, just buy Dark Souls 2, yeah the graphics are good but its pretty short and you can only go to new game++. At the moment the best I can give this game is 2/5 which is a shame."
,Recommended,265300,31798830,Posted: 16 May,all,The Doom Slayer,"Been meaning to write this review for awhile as I feel the moniker of ""Souls like"" is a detriment to this game. Yes, it is Souls like, but it is NOT Dark Souls. Do not expect it to be just a copy of Dark Souls. Too many people bash on this game because it isn't Dark Souls. The combat is not as fast paced, opting for a more ""realistic"" approach. Every action you take has real weight behind it, you can't just swing your sword around and expect it to work out. It is a more methodical experience. If you go into the game with that in mind you should enjoy it just fine. The only real negative things I have to say about the game are that the level design is too linear with shortcuts that make no sense and the characters aren't all the interesting."
,Not Recommended,265300,28555627,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,latterman,"Lords Of The Fallen is a soulslike game set in a dark fantasy universe very similar to the one seen in Warhammer. Sounds good on paper, however I can't really recommend this game. Let's start with what's good.PROS:- Beautiful art style, lots of interesting details in the environment and in the gear.- Decent graphics with volumetric lighting. Sometimes the picture on the screen gets borderline gorgeous with all the ashes and sparks from hits flying around. Breathtaking.- Good combat system. Similar to the one seen in Dark Souls, yet with it's own twist (the addition of the Gauntlet is a nice touch). I love the timing-based combos — no more angry button smashing, you have to be careful with when you attack.- The Sound in this game is fantastic. Love the clenching of metal and heavy footsteps of the character.CONS:- Good God, camera gets atrocious sometimes. You're supposed to fight mobs, instead you're fighting game's camera.- Some mobs and bosses auto-aim on you. Meaning that while you're dodging their attack - they will follow you.- Speaking of Bosses. What was that? They all look the same! And why are they so easy? Beating the final boss in my second try is not good.- Story? What story? That plot-twist was borderline ludacris.- Mundane voice acting- Game's world navigation is frustrating. I've been cycling some areas over and over again, just because a narrow path was hidden between two bigger objects. Not really a good design decision. I personally think this happened because the image lacks depth.- Speaking of Game's World. It's really small. Loading screens between some areas are extremely frustrating and why are they there anyway? Damn.- There's only, like, 10 variations of enemies.- Game finale doesn't feel satisfying at all.- While Risk-Rewarding Check Point system is a great idea, there's really no risk to it. You can put all of your experience points into stats straight away without saving.All and all, this game is not hopelesly bad. It has lots of potential, yet somehow, at this moment, the developer didn't seem to push it hard enough. I can't recommend this game, however, I'll keep my ear to the ground for The Surge, see if Deck 13 will work on their mistakes."
,Recommended,265300,26622270,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,KING OF THE MOON,"If you like dark souls you might like Lords of the Fallen. It is a bit slower and less action-intense, but has a few neat ideas that allow it to stand out.Don't expect it to be as good as Souls, but it is still a worthwhile game."
76561198123395143,Recommended,265300,28108138,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Random Task,"Considering that i'm a little more than halfway through the game now, I guess it's about time I wrote a review for it. And I have to admit: it's one of the finest RPG's I have ever played. I stayed away from it for a while because I got involved in Dark Souls, but I think that this game is better than Dark Souls And Dark Souls 2.This game definitely does not deserve the negative attention that it is getting because of performance issues. Well, if anybody had taken the time to look into the settings, having the shadows set to low will fix many of these problems. And you can't say it works fine for me because I have a fancy computer; All i've got right now is a GTX 760 and an AMD Phenom ii x4 820, and on high settings (aside form shadows) I get 60 frames/second consistantly without experiencing game crashes.Enough said about my computer, here's what I think of the game itself: Never once have I felt bored with this game so far. Many people would compare this game to the Souls games, saying that this game is terrible. In reality, as I mentioned before, it's better than the first 2 Souls games. Nothing can beat Dark Souls 3, but did it really have to take them Demon's Souls and 2 more games to figure out how these games are supposed to work? I'm not saying that the souls games are bad, it's just that this is better. Realistically, there could be a larger variatey of enemies and more classes to chose from, but it's the gameplay itself that got me hooked. How there are multiple NPC'S for you to interact with and actually respond to is what makes the story engaging. And these NPC""S have their own emotions and personalities as well. And as for the combat- there couldn't be anything better. The control is smoother than it is in any other RPG I have played (other people say that the controls are clunky because they are probably not familiar with this type of game). The hit detection is precice, and every battle you come across has life to it- even if it is just 1 enemy you are facing.As a final note, if you have played and BEAT a Dark Souls game or Bloodborne, then you sould only get this game if you want a more relaxed experience, as this is easier than those games. It still has it's difficulties, but overall it is less stressful playing this game. If you have NEVER played a souls game, then this is the place to start. Overall, it's easier and more enjoyable, and it has more story involved in it.And my final thought is that this game has one thing that I have always wanted to see in a souls game: YOU CAN SAVE YOUR PROGRESS WITHOUT SPAWNING ENEMIES!!!"
76561198047106191,Not Recommended,265300,25661839,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Admiral Taco,"What can I say about this game. The best way to surmise it is, it's like being in a relationship with an abusive partner, that requires you to abide by very strict rules but doesn't abide by the same ones.Did I finish the game? Yes.Did I have fun at points? Definitely.Did I continue to play after that? Yes. Mostly out of spite.Here is an example of what I am talking about:Me: Enemy, why didin't you die? I have fought you many times before and you have always died with one hit?Enemy: *shrug* Suck it nerd.Me: Why the hell did I just die? I jumped and landed on the platform!Platform: Your pinky toe was kind of hanging off a little bit, @sshole.Me: I AM HITTING THE ROLL BUTTON! ROLL FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS GOOD!Game: Meh. I didn't feel like it.Me: I swung my weapon but it didn't cause any damage? What is going on, this doesn't make any sense.Enemy: Oh we're supposed to make sense now? LULZMe: OH MY GOD I AM GOING TO BREAK MY KEYBOARD INTO LITTLE PIECES AND BURN THOSE PIECES! I WAS DOING A COMBO, WHERE IS MY COMBO?!?!?!?!Game: Hahaha. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself.Now, these things wouldn't normally be a big issue, as no game works 100% perfectly. The problem is this game expects you to play absolutely perfectly but doesn't offer a perfect platform to do it on.Ultimately, this game does have a lot of cool things to offer, great graphics, somewhat interesting story (very short though) and actually pretty good replayability with the Game+ feature. I just cannot bring myself to recommend it as it will probably cause you many hours of suffering and possibly a broken keyboard or gamepad."
,Recommended,265300,13608581,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TUSHAR451,"Impressive graphics and a dark setting serve well to make this game stand out from the competition. I didn't have a single crash as mentioned by other reviewers. The latest 1.4 patch fixed a lot of issues. Since I haven't played Dark Souls, this game is quite challenging for me and not too easy. It isn't frustrating either as the checkpoints are well placed. Had so much fun fighting the very first boss and this is one of the few games that actually made me scared and not feel overpowered."
76561198022403311,Recommended,265300,23192594,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Brovahkiin,"I know it's been said alot but to me it's just a more casual gameplay Dark Souls but I wasn't expecting much so the general experience was quite good...If you search for a challenging game and are used to Dark Souls this game won't challenge you at all, I just had my first playthrough in 10 hours and I did not rush it as fast as I couldNow for those 10 hours it was fun after all but i got to say that the bosses were way too easy, I killed none of them after more then 4 tries some normal enemies or enemy groups were definetly more challenging at times...If you don't like Dark Souls diffiulty this may be your best buy for a similiar gameBuy it on sale then I'd say it's worth it just don't expect it to be anywhere near Dark Souls"
,Recommended,265300,27892711,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sol Prime,"This is actually a very nice just underrated game. Difficulty is present and game can be hard and annoying at times. But every fight, every victory feels really great. Visuals are pretty amazing, though main hero may feel a bit sluggish. Music is good too, sound effects are good, you feel when you swing a light sword or a hammer just by sound alone. Combat itself is good, not great, but decent paced and at the same time pretty deep. Timings are everything.In conclussion, this is a great game, especially on a discount. And for those who dare to try it, and may say anything about it's difficulty: enemies are bound by the same rules as you. Sure bosses may hit harder, have more stamina and HP, but they still behave like a big version of you. Keep that in mind and you'll win. (even at the start of the game, tutorial says that )"
76561198046328292,Recommended,265300,12699496,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,illidansblade,"If you miss dark souls 1 style gameplay and want your dark souls 1 fix without going back, then this game is perfect for you.Im going to make this review short as my last review was rather longThe gameplay is reminiscent of dark souls 1, you can't walk around in full heavy armor light rolling with a great shield and heavy weapon unless you fully invest into weight carrying. Enemies know how to get around shields and they know how to use shields, you have to learn their weaknesses. Boss design is well done, i'll admit after the first two bosses being guys with tower shields i was worried, but the bosses get better from that point on. One thing i personally liked about the bosses is that they each seem to excel versus certain types of characters while being weak to others. As a rogue i had issues that i saw knights just breeze past and vise versa.Gameplay is heavier than dark souls 1 and it is fulfilling, armor designs are a little more stylized but in a good way. While the general enemies are not exemplary, they never felt out of place and they were spaced out logically, i was never swarmed by one enemy type.Anyways this review feels incomplete but i said it would be short so all i have to say is this game is very much like dark souls 1 except with new story and visuals, gameplay is fun and i will probably be playing alot of it until bloodborne, if you like DS1 you will most likely enjoy this game, and if you want to get started into games like the souls series this game is a friendlier version for new players."
,Recommended,265300,30478924,Posted: 12 March,all,[StwA] Asbestbrezel,"Nice Game, but after finishing the third time i think i wont play it again.From the difficulty Lords of the Fallen is a little like Kingdoms of Amalur Reckorning.The Start is a little hard, but from the mid game on, your Char is over levled (overpowered) you hit the Enemies 3 times and finish. Why is that ?If you die all enemies are back when u respawn. And you die often.Graphic and sound ar great, gameplay is a little slow due to heavy armour and weapons.There´s no fascinating story and I soon found myself skipping dialogues to not waste my time.Apart from this I was satisfied with the game and had fun playing."
,Recommended,265300,26646933,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Lord Ocean,"Blood gushes from the woundThe cut is wide and deepRight before I turn aroundHe falls to his kneesA clear song rings in the bladeWhen steel meets hardend steelI hear the sound of wood that breaksA swords cut through my shieldI drop the shield and grab my axeMy weapon in his fistA fierce blow makes the helmet crackThe axe cut to the teethI rip the axe from the headCovered in blood and brainsLeave the body lying deadReady to strike againMy sword cuts through clothes and skinLike a hot knife cuts through snowI smile as the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ screamsWhen I twist my swordSword in my hand and axe on my sideValhall awaits! Soon I will dieSword in my hand and axe on my sideValhall awaits me, when I dieBearskin on my backWolfsjaw on my headValhall awaits me, when I'm deadI raise my axe above my headMy eyes turned furious rageYet more blood will be shedThis is a victorious day!Blood gushes from the woundThe cut is wide and deepAs they turn aroundI fall to my kneesSword in my hand and axe on my sideValhall awaits! Soon I will dieSword in my hand and axe on my sideValhall awaits me, when I dieBearskin on my backWolfjaw on my headValhall awaits me, when I'm dead!Amon Amarth - Valhall Awaits Me"
76561198078878157,Recommended,265300,12711000,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,The Rogestrator,"I find this game more difficult than the Dark Souls series, which is saying a lot. The normal enemies are not too hard if you know how to attack them right, but when it comes to bosses you will gain the same raging hatred that Dark Souls gives you, I would reccomend buying the game if you like a challenge."
76561198044504392,Not Recommended,265300,12889035,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Rather Dashing,"Played nearly 20 hours of LOTF, and probably 60-70% of that time has been lost due to crashes.Really good game when it works, impossible to recommend while it is such a buggy mess.Will do an updated review if it is ever fixed."
,Recommended,265300,23950608,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,1337Выдра2000,"I like it! There are some points that must be taken before buying:1. It is 1st game of this type for this studios, so make ""discount"" on your expectations if you are hyped or playing only ""10/10 games""2. STOP thinking that it is ""Dark Souls"" or clone, if you want DSes play DSes, surely it borrows some mechanics and ideas, but it is well done WestRPG, who punish you because you made mistake, but you can fix it3. game is slower than ""average"" action RPG, it is good and bad, good because you have ""weight"" of battle and bad.. welll if you expect action-packed kungfu-speed massacre4. game is not very DEEP in terms of classes (only 3) and magic (only 4 spells per class)5. almost every battle is like little dance (IMHO)For me game is good even with full price."
76561198008037059,Not Recommended,265300,12925262,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,DTT,This game is broken like hell. I could play for 5-6 days without any problem and then suddenly it kept crashing and crashing. Its now almost two weeks i cant play.
76561198003970392,Not Recommended,265300,12931929,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Toni-Toni-Chopper,sad to say it was fun while it last. Game Crashes and now i cannot progress any further. i HOPE it get fixed otherwise i wont even get a chance to revisit the game.Alot of people reckon it to dark souls easy version but i think for those who prefer less punishing game this would be the game for you.
76561197998740407,Recommended,265300,12749085,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Seltin,"Yes I am recomending the game with a caveat.The game is fun, very similar to Dark Souls.  I am terrible at DS and actually gave up on the series, but from what I played, this game is very similar.  But for me, this game kept me engrossed in it, which DS never did for me, and I stuck with it.  Early on, the game is challenging, especially for someone who isn't really a DS veteran, but as I leveled, at the moment, I am finding it relatively easy.Only thing is right now, it does tend to crash a lot, more for some, less for others.  I honestly believe, it the crashing was fixed at it was more stable, you would see Steam list it as having mostly Positive, rather then mixed reviews. because at its core, the game is fun."
76561197988021402,Recommended,265300,24308494,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,kingfish_ak,"This game is one of the best games to come out in a long time. It may have som similarities to D.S. but it has it's own character and well thought out lore. Gameplay is solid and chalenging. Playing with a control felt responsive and natural. The game is beautiful and full of detail, there  was a lot of love for gamers put into this title."
76561198049649537,Not Recommended,265300,22216721,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,SoulPotato,"I generally do not give negative reviews to games but this game was not good ( atleast it is not what i expected).  Lets discuss some pros and cons of the game .Pros -1) The depth of the world introduced is good2)Graphics3)Level designCon's-1)I hated weapon system of this game . If you want to atleast complete the game , invest in agility points . Strength points are total waste ! (Which i will discuss why in further con's)2)Enemies with huge♥♥♥♥♥shields which they only lower when you either strike at there shield or your back is turned (in both cases you are open for a hit)3)Most of the strength weapons are slow as ♥♥♥♥ , even the ones with 100% attack rate is slow ? wtf ? (And good luck defeating fast agile or enemies with shields) .4)Not much variety of enemies5)Bosses are not difficult and not memorable6)Storyline will probably not get you hooked until the end of the gameSeriously , there are better titles than this to play and if you want to give it a try , purchase it on sale"
,Recommended,265300,13586346,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Lightor36,"Great game all around, from the class choices, to the death system, to the loot.  My only somewhat negative is the slow, somewhat slugish combat.  You have to time everything just so, because each animation and move takes a bit to complete."
76561198023607440,Recommended,265300,24015210,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kamigimi,"Yes ,this is not Dark Souls. but it still be a great game.for those who hates. Get over your bias ,then try it"
76561198125178291,Recommended,265300,12673529,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Cpt. Mittens,"From what i have played so far the game is brilliant, the combat system is very much like Dark Souls. If you did not enjoy that kind of combat then do not buy the game. There are a few key features that i like about the game and a couple that i anoy me a little.To start with the game has a brilliant combat system that has improved on the dark souls style. there are a few little things that just make it a bit more skill based and less luck/bruit force. there is a much better stagger effect that requires the player to time blocks on bigger enemies, this is not as hard as parrying and you have a much bigger window to do so. i feel that it just adds an extra mechanic to the game, your now thinking if its not worth trying to parry a super fast enemy at lwast i can try to stagger them.Another aspect that seriously made the game for me and i love it to death is that you now have a gamble when you gain XP. basically, you kill a monster and get xp, at these shine things you can Bank the XP and save it up to level up so that when you die you don't lose it. HOWEVER if you keep the XP on you, you get a higher chance of better item drops. I love this mechanic in the game and it seriouly makes you think.there is not much about the game that annoys me besides one thing that i think is worth mentioning. Tutorial. the game is quite heavy in the menues and can be a little confusing to start with. i feel that the game doesnt explain the menues well enough but this is nothing that time cant heal as you will learn as time goes on.If you are using a game pad (you should be) navigating the menues can be a ♥♥♥♥♥, i dont know if this is just me but having one of those circle menues that you rotate the analouge stick to get around is very annoying when you want one of the diaginals AAAAAHHH, i waist so much time on it.Other than the few very minor bad aspects of LOTF the game shines through brilliantly, graphics are amazing and the game runs so smooth for me, besides the loading screens but who cares.There is one last thing but if no one else is having this problem it must be my computer. the game has crashed a few times for me and im recieving graphics error reports. im running a pretty good GPU so i need to do some reaserch to see if others are suffering.8.7/10 Love this game, feels like a new take on Dark Souls combat that does not fail to impress"
,Recommended,265300,12719470,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lynchy,"Short version: Yes I recommend this game, 7/10As someone who has not played a Dark Souls title, I really enjoyed playing Lords of the Fallen. I have heard that this game keeps crashing for most players which is a let down although I played it in high settings (can check my screenshots) and did not crash once...I completed the game within 12-13 hours as a rogue and spent 6-7 hours messing around on other classes at the beginning of the game, so an average of 30 hours played which nowadays is pretty good for a £30 single player game. As someone new to this genre I was disappointed that there is no way to view/keep track of active missions/quests and I got turned around and confused on where I was meant to be going and doing.The graphics for this game are amazing the voice acting on the other hand... could use work in places, the combat felt very well polished with a decent control layout and the NPCs behaviour felt really well done. The inventory menu is easy to use although something where I could store gear I am not using would have been nice instead of it always being in my inventory an having to scroll through like 20 different weapon to find the new set of daggers I got."
,Recommended,265300,33661940,Posted: 19 July,all,Retz,"I have never played any of the Souls games, so I don't really have anything to compare this game to, but I can tell you that it's a very fun (and challenging) game."
,Recommended,265300,33660857,Posted: 19 July,all,Freesoul,"Good game, difficulty is OK.I have a huge library of games and most of the time I don't finish them and move on. I finished that one and enjoyed it all the way so I would definitively recommend it especially on sales."
,Not Recommended,265300,12781334,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Merkhava,"This game is a technical disaster - and I'm not just talking about the crashes. I am constantly encounterings bugs and other technical issues that are gettig in the way of being able to enjoy this game. The game seems interesting, if only the developers would patch it and make it playable."
76561198006966904,Recommended,265300,31809417,Posted: 17 May,all,patrik.nordin,"Excellent graphics, great arcady-ish gameplay, overall great playability.8/10."
76561198074018997,Recommended,265300,29503942,Posted: 26 January,all,Kurt Cocaine,"The only reason why this game has 'Mixed' reviews, is purely because everyone is comparing it to Dark Souls.I have put 1300+ hours into the Souls games and I still really enjoy this game.Your character does feel heavy and the enemies seem to auto-aim onto you, even when dodging, so forget the whole no armor for better dodges like you would in a Souls game, equip decent armor and a shield.Once you get used to the different style of combat, it becomes a very enjoyable game."
76561198093150370,Recommended,265300,24943530,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,El Duderino,"Yeah, we get it. It's not Dark Souls, but Lords of the Fallen is a relatively decent game with a few differentiating characteristics: chief among them include traditional storytelling elements, unlike the ambiguity found in Dark Souls, and a far more forgiving playthrough. Although it lacks the difficulty that DS is known for, it is more accessible for those with very little patience. Overall, it doesn't provide the same sense of accomplishment upon completion, but it was an enjoyable experience, nonetheless."
76561197972844790,Recommended,265300,12676259,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,M.I.A.,"Taken on it's own merits, LotF is great fun so far. I'm enjoying the combat system quite a bit, and the sound and animation do a great job of lending a visceral feeling to the game. Heavy weapons especially have a great sense of impact and power.I enjoy the art direction quite a bit (armor and weapon models are particularly impressive). There's a good use of color and contrast, and the game is vibrant without being cartoony or sacrificing a gritty feel. Overall it's gorgeous and runs smoothly on my mid-level system. No crashes yet (running the newest nvidia drivers).It's hard to avoid comparisons to Dark Souls. The mechanics are so similar. Personally I prefer the combat system here, as it feels more fluid. That being said, the game is a little less challenging and combat so far hasn't provoked that same rush of anxiety that I get when playing DS. I'm still having a great time with it, and I really enjoy the way they've tweaked some of the other systems like magic, leveling, and reincarnation.Bottom Line: Fun combat, great weapons/armor, well done sound and art direction. If you can play it without wishing it were Dark Souls 3, you'll have a great time."
,Not Recommended,265300,12754147,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Mr. Hemmingway,LordsOfTheFallen.exe has stopped working.
76561198053126199,Recommended,265300,12766655,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Yuri,"I finished the game recently and I must say it's pretty good, I think it has an ok ending, but the battle is certainly brutal, I used the Codex greatsword during the most of the game, two handed all day with rage like a boss, had lots of crashing with flaming things which was solved by not getting hit --' and had tons of fun, recommended."
76561198153829122,Not Recommended,265300,12990068,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,DoubleAgent005,"Game crashed 10 times for me in my first 15 hours and compared to these other reviews I feel a little lucky. Also it doesn't seem to be optimized too well. I wouldn't recommend this game in its current state.Other than feeling slow, the game also plays slow. I tried to be patient with the slower combat but it just gets boring and repetitive, especially when fighting guys with shields. I played into NG+ for a bit and the game becomes frustratingly easy because you can level up so frequently. However, shortcomings aside, it is isn't a terrible game and you should give it a shot when it isn't totally broken and is cheaper."
,Recommended,265300,35193374,Posted: 24 September,all,ftstani,"It's hard to describe this game. Ostensibly a Viking-theme Dark Souls, it's certainly a compelling experience. Well, at least it's very different than anything else I've been playing recently. Gameplay wise, the main character is a huge ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ encased in colossal armor with humongous pauldrons. It's more like piloting a walking tank than a man. Hard to get used to when I'm still playing through the Witcher. Geralt's a ballerina by comparison. Oh well, for 5.99, I can put up with some lumbering trudging.Edit: I finished the game. So, it doesn't get any better but no worse either. It was created by a relatively small studio, so props to them. But the movement is ridiculous. I'm a big fan of agility and limberness in general, in everything, and the main character moves painfully slow. There's no fast dodge either. Towards the end it becomes an exercise in frustration. I literally have never seen anybody move this ponderously."
76561198000516257,Recommended,265300,13583123,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,CYBER-SHIN0BI,"Awsome game dont be put off by people for whom this doesnt work.Im running it on an i5 4690k devils canyon and geforce GTX 970 Asus strix,all maxed at 1080p runs as smooth as silk,would highly recommend a 360 controller.The atmosphere is awsome as are the graphics.grab it now especially at this price.Sometimes in life you have to take a gamble,this my friend is one of those times.yes i have also played dark souls on ps3 and before that demons souls I imported it from japan before it even became a thing I have also played and just purchased dark souls 2,and I must say that while it does borrow heavily from those games (which isnt a bad thing) It also has its own distinct feeling and art style that is equally as good looking.Combat is nice and weighty,block,parry,fast and heavy attack movement is nice and responsive though that could be due to fact that I have chosen the rogue class armour.Again buy it play it enjoy it,if it doesnt work for you im sure it will be getting more patches in the future and at least you will already have bought it at a great price.merry christmas."
,Recommended,265300,12695222,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Zakail,"Solid combat on par with its obvious inspiration Dark Souls / Demon's SoulsFeels uniquely heavy and arguably more realistic. Reccommend a first playthrough is done with heavier armor until you get used to it however. Light armor results in getting hit being brutally punishing.Highly reccommend learning how to use the sprinting shield bash well to help with handling the more tanky shield-toating enemies most people have loved to complain about. I found after some practice I was able to make quick work of them when at first they were genuinely difficult to handle.Also a huuuuuge note to those who might have crashing issues and feel they can't properly challange themselves due to being unable to use checkpoints to save the game and risk losing their exp multiplier: The multiplier is not based on how long it has been since you have use a checkpoint. It simply gives you more exp based on how much you are carrying on you. The only thing that will reduce this is if you use a checkpoint and actually BANK your exp into your AP or SP pools. So long as you are holding XP that you would drop on your ghost if you died, you will continue to build up your multiplier.The story is forgetable but enough to give some context to your actions. I'm more in it for the gameplay personally so this doesn't really affect me too much.The in game areas and vistas are incredibly beautiful and graphically this game is very much a looker.You will need a fairly beefy rig to get the best out of it, but after the latest update allowing you to disable the nvidia specific effects, it seems to run a lot more reliably and much more steady framerates.With Vsync turned off my rig runs this at around 60 - 70 fps, usually around a steady 70 fps in most areas. This falls a fair bit when first loading into new areas via a portal, but quickly evens out after just a few moments.Overall I highly reccommend this game to any veteran of the Souls series who is in it just for the extremely satisfying gameplay. You will feel some real accomplishment as you go from struggling to kill most foes to finding ways to easily dispatch them, and conquering some genuinely interesting boss fights. You won't find your intriguing and wonderfully subtle story line, but you'll find a generic fantasy plot decent enough to give you an excuse to slay more demons."
,Recommended,265300,12825022,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Yurt,Good game.Its not a souls rip it just takes some very basic mecaniches and chnges them up a bitt.
76561198057775784,Recommended,265300,35236892,Posted: 26 September,all,SaMaN7UP,"dont compare this with dark souls series , this game is just a normal game , but dark souls series is special and UNIQ , so its not bad as all negative feedback tell you , you need to try it , graphic is nice , gameplay is good with this price , storyline is good enough , but i dont like voice acting, its look like a english learner program , cool soundtracks , sometimes pain in the♥♥♥♥♥bosses if you dont know how you doing with them, this game has a very good Atmosphere and effect that i like it. be fair with this game , its really cheap and well made, plz dont compare it with dark souls, you cant compare any game with dark souls series."
76561198072519017,Recommended,265300,12699792,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Honest,"I'm going to do some comparison between this game and the Souls series because of how similiar their core gameplay is. So, brace yourself.Lords of the Fallen is a short but fun game. Its core gameplay mechanics are highly similiar to the mechanics found in the Souls series. The difficulty and depth, however, aren't on the same level. I would describe it as a dumbed down version of the Souls series, but that would imply that it's a clone of that series. Which it is not.Story:The story is about an outlaw called Harkyn, who is freed from prison to help fight the invading rhogar. Not everyone is happy about this and you will notice it when you talk to certain npcs. As the story progresses, you will fight the leaders of the rhogar, the rhogar lords.The story is presnted clearly, with cutscenes and as background lore which is found in audio logs that you find as you explore. The audio logs are played in the background and they aren't intrusive.Gameplay:Gameplay is, as stated before, very similiar to what you find in the Souls series. There are backstabs, parries and ripostes as well as light and strong attacks. The overall pace of the fights feels somewhat slower than in the Souls series though.The control scheme on a controller is super similiar to the control scheme of the Souls series.You will start the game by choosing a magic school out of three different options. One provides stealth themed spells, while another provides defensive magics while the last provides offensive magics.Then you proceed to pick a character type out of three different options. There is the warrior, that starts with heavy armor and is strength oriented. Then there is the rogue, that starts with light armor and is agility oriented. And last but not least there is the cleric, that starts with medium armor and is faith oriented.Note: Nothing is bound to your starting character type. Any type can use any type of equipement, provided that they meet the neccesary requirements. However, you are not able to get any magics from other spell schools than the one you picked at the start.Your character has a variety of different attributes which you can improve with experience(exp) gained from killing enemies. This exp will be lost upon death if it hasn't been banked at a checkpoint. When you die, you leave behind a ghost that contains all the exp you had on you, and it can be retrieved by getting to it and activating it.This exp on your ghost will start to deplete over time so getting to it as fast as possible is essential if you wish to gain the most of your exp back. The ghost will provide you with a slight health regen when you are near it, possibly aiding you in a place where you previously died in a tough battle. This bonus is lost when you pick up the ghost.Your character is able to wield a shield and a weapon, dual wield small weapons such as daggers and shortswords and two-hand bigger weapons like greatswords and greataxes.You will also gain a gauntlet which is your primary source for magical or elemental damage. The gauntlet has three modes:Projectile, which shoots a long distance projectile.Blast, which is a short range blast that knocks most enemies to the ground while dealing minor damage.Explosive, which basically throws a magical grenade.Graphics, Visuals, Art:The graphics are nothing especially amazing, but they are good enough. The art style wasn't to my liking, but I didn't really dislike it either. Come to think of it, I found the monster desing and the overall art style to be somewhat reminiscent of Diablo 3. Anywho, in my eyes, the game looks good enough.Music & SoundsI haven't really got anything to say about the BGM. I think the BGM is nice and quiet by default, since I can't remember hearing it too much. Heh. As normally I have to tone down the music volume so that the BGM doesn't get intrusive. No such problems here. The voice acting is decent. Could be better, yes. But it gets the job done, with a static decent quality.Afterword:It took me around 15 hours to finish my first playtrough, but that's not that bad since the game has the New Game Plus (NG+) option. I haven't tried the NG+ yet, since I decided to make a different type of character to find out my favorite playing style, but I'm hoping that the difficulty will spike up in the NG+.Overall I would recommend this game, but not at full price. Especially fans of the Souls series should wait for a price drop, imo. And those who never touched a Souls game or found them too hard or difficult to grasp, this game might serve as a good introduction to the gameplay mecahincs, as it's less in depth and thus easier to grasp."
,Recommended,265300,12682923,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Basically Satan,"I don't know how far I'm into Lords of the Fallen yet, but I feel like I should write a review because it's still fairly new and there's probably a lot of people thinking about getting it. I'm a big fan of the 'Souls' series by From Software, as many of the reviewers on here are. However, as Lords of the Fallen's story hasn't really caught my interest, I'm just going to review the combat mostly.CombatThe combat, at first, feels slow and clunky.-Armor makes or breaks how combat, for you, will flow. I fell into heavy armor very quickly, finding that the increased defence and poise made it so I could tank many hits while swinging around a big weapon. Once I got the basic understanding of how they wanted someone in heavy armor to approach fights, it stopped feeling slow and clunky and started to just feel meaty. In comparison to any of the Souls games, heavier armor makes a significant amount of difference in whether or not you can take a hit and how much damage you'll take. I like this, personally, as it means that armor is as big a decision for you as your weapon choices.-Weapons are fairly varied, but rather than directly upgrading any weapon with a moveset you like, you have to find better weapons that do the same thing. It's more of a traditional RPG setup, where finding better gear is important. The weapons, however have fairly limited movesets based on type and some weapons are very ineffective against certain bosses. Overall, I'm fairly unhappy with the weapon options, with the faster weapons feeling weak and having very little advantage against the heavy hard hitting great weapons. There is one advantage Lords of the Fallen has, most weapons have a very satisfying weight to them that is missing in other games. Few things are as satisfying as crushing something's head with a big hammer after you've died to it a few times, and the weapons allow this.-Stamina and Power Attacks are very interesting. Stamina recharges quickly, and only when you really invest in attacking or block a lot of attacks that you perhaps should not be do you feel like you are running out of stamina. Speaking of investing in attacks, your Strong Attacks can be charged up in Lords of the Fallen, making them more powerful. I like this a lot, as it adds a big dynamic to how much time you're going to invest in a swing which makes a world of difference in the combat in Lords of the Fallen. Another great system is Perfect Hits, which are performed when you hit the attack button just as your last hit finishes, conserving more stamina on the next swing allowing for longer (or improved, in the case of dual wielding) combos. The changes to how you can use your stamina are really interesting, and add a new layer of depth to a system that I feel like I knew well.-Magic is fairly uninteresting. The spells are mostly buffs or light AoE attacks, and although these buffs have very powerful  effects and can be used in combat I found myself forgetting about them more often than not. The cast time for spells is long, meaning you have to find openings to cast effectively. Even when I did cast, I found myself more often than not focusing on using a single spell before a fight or when a boss was doing an action that allowed me a few moments respite. Magic adds to the meaty combat, making you feel more powerful when you use it, but it lacks in variety. The Gauntlet is very cool, however it is difficult for me to find it's place in the meaty melee combat of Lords of the Fallen.One other thing I would like to note before I wrap this up is that the game itself is very pretty. I'm not a big fan of the design choices for how the enemies and the main character look in armor (shoulderpads bigger than your head and spikes!), but the rest of the game looks beautiful. My computer can normally run games on max settings, but I find Lords of the Fallen on even mid-low settings is fairly clunky in terms of FPS and whatnot.Overall, I would recommend Lords of the Fallen. It's fun, meaty, and so far a great time sink. As a Souls player it took a bit of getting used too, but the ability to take hits from enemies and not worry means a lot after playing the Souls series, where I used to try to dodge everything. I feel like it doesn't have the same challenge as say Demon's Souls or Dark Souls, but it is overall fair and it doesn't need to be that difficult. Both seperate and compared to it's spiritual predecessors, it stands as a overall decent game."
,Recommended,265300,29248529,Posted: 14 January,all,Rowlaz,"I don't know why people have so many issues with this game, I actually enjoyed it a lot. Like some users said, It might not have the best dialogue, small amount of enemy types and not much of a story but the gameplay was really enjoyable for me. I love the Dark Souls series and this game is like a small version of what it would be like if Darksiders and Dark Souls collided."
,Recommended,265300,12705951,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Unit 417,"If Blizzard made darksouls but not as polished, and could do with more variety in enemies. Overall a solid game though."
,Recommended,265300,12738437,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Anethum graveolens,Found a greathammer.Swung it around at the speed of sound.Threw people off ledges.12/10
76561198042065648,Recommended,265300,12716540,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lokiathan,"I believed the game would be a cheese after beating the first boss without consuming a poiton.As a dark souls fan this slightly worried me, but the game ramps up the difficulty... then gives you (Rune)""Crafting"" and you laugh while taking 5% hits from a boss while in light armor.8/10 - would cheese again."
,Recommended,265300,22600045,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Rose,I'd say get this game if you want another souls like experience since there aren't many 3D souls like games but basically it just plays like a slow souls game and it is less hard in my opinion and it also has no PVP which is a plus in my opinion.
76561198071991329,Recommended,265300,12758626,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Pillagius,"A great example of good spiritual successor game. Rather similar game mechanics to Dark Souls but with some nice additions/changes.Great graphics, nice designs of, pretty much, everything. Reminds of something like both Diablo and, for some reason, Warhammer.If the PC version of game had no crash issues and bad optimisation would've been perfect."
,Recommended,265300,13590946,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,TMFaisal,"- This is An Arabic Review -أول ما لعبت اللعبة كنت مستغرب من الناس اللي قالولي انها صعبة لأني ما لقيت الصعوبة فيهاوقلت يمكن ما جربو سلسلة Dark Soulsلكن بعد ساعة إلى ساعتين من اللعب وتحديدًا لما وصلت للزعيم الثالث مدري الرابع لقيت الصعوبة اللي كانو يقصدونهاوهنا اعترفت ان اللعبة صعبةأول ما نزلت اللعبة كانو الناس يقارنونها بدارك سولز وفي ناس قالو انها سرقه منهالكن خذوها مني , هذي مهي دارك سولز , هذي أقرب لعبة ممكن تقارنها فيهاالفروقات بين اللعبتين كثيرة بس فيها حاجات متشابهةزي انك لو انقتلت راح يروح عليك الاكس بي اللي جمعته ولازم تلحق عليه وتاخذه من المكان اللي انقتلت فيهبس الفرق هو ان الاكس بي ينقص اذا تأخرت عليه إلين ما يختفي بالكاملالشي اللي قهرني في التحكم هو ان الشخصية ثقيلة بشكل يخليك تقول ان دارك سولز لعبة سريعة ( زي كود بالنسبة لباتل فيلد ) وهذا اللي مصعبهاإذا كنت تهتم بالحوارات بين الشخصيات , لا تتوقع شي كبير لأن تمثيل الأصوات سيء وبتحس انك تتفرج على مسلسل مكسيكي مدبلجاذا كنتو تحبون التحدي والألعاب اللي بنفس هذا النظام ( أو دارك سولز ) أنصحكم تلعبونها"
76561197972173757,Recommended,265300,24695416,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,solemn_shade,"Lords of the Fallen is an enjoyable game that made me want to keep hacking away at enemies, searching for secrets and new weapons, and levelling my character's abilities for hours on end. The graphics are impressive and create a dark, immersive atmosphere. The combat is fun most of the time, but can be tedious when battling enemies that wield greatshields. The story is just OK, with pickups throughout the game that expand on the lore. After finishing the game, there is a New Game+ option that allows you to play through the game again with your current level and items, but this time there are a few new items that did not exist in the first playthrough.This game features GPU acceleration of PhysX for nVidia GPUs, including the ability to run PhysX on a dedicated GPU.The Souls games are better than Lords of the Fallen in most respects, but I still really enjoyed this game."
76561198120540428,Recommended,265300,33655256,Posted: 19 July,all,Spreelly,i think the main issue with the game is the charater your playing as hes very boring and hes just too slow i mean his swing takes longer then it should to connect with anything though if you want the game to be challanging just dont use a shield but even with that i do recommend the game.
,Recommended,265300,24306230,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Kaiie,"Loved this game, it felt very similar to Dark Souls, the way it plays and the tone and aura the game creates, don't be fooled, this game is not a AAA title, and it's certainly second-rate to Dark Souls, but it shares very similar themes and aspects. I loved it, unique bosses, unique world.My impression on most negative reviews is that they expect a AAA quality game for something that was never intended to be that. If you can put lower quality aside, this game is wonderful, and very fair for the price it's worth. (Especially on sale)But! Do not get the DLC, it just adds gear that's good for maybe the first hour of the game at best. Don't waste your money on the DLC."
76561197994729512,Recommended,265300,33839899,Posted: 27 July,all,jaredmoreno,I'll admit after the first hour or so of playing this game I wasn't feeling it too much and was starting to suspect I'd soon be giving up on this one.  The combat was a little sluggish for my taste and the story wasn't really grabbing me.  I'm glad I decided to stick with it for a couple more  hours though because I've since taken quite a liking to the game.  Progressing through the game and story is pretty fun and the combat has started to grow on me.  The game certainly isn't as difficult as Dark Souls but I've been enjoying the varying enemy types and boss fight mechanics.  Being able to earn Legendary quality rewards from bosses for completing various challenges during their encounter was a nice touch.  Overall I've really enjoyed my time with Lords of the Fallen despite the questionable start.  If you can pick this up on sale I'd say it'd definitely worth it if you're willing to stick with it at the beginning.
76561197972821531,Recommended,265300,33772278,Posted: 24 July,all,Who am I?,"Though this game is always compared to Dark Souls - which series has without a question the better games - it still has its own charm. If you like melee combat RPGs with a huge amount of weapons and are able to approach the game unprejudiced without having the omnipresent comparison to Dark Souls on your mind, it will entertain you quite a bit. I bought it in the summer sale and went through it with two classes already and had fun doing that. Will certainly also play it once more with the rogue, which is said to be the most fun class to play."
76561198277849672,Recommended,265300,35221913,Posted: 26 September,all,Connor04George,"It may look like Dark Souls, but it's just too entertaining, and for me it's an excellent game. The truth is there are very few games that have a soundtrack that makes you feel what the game is trying to say and the story is great."
,Recommended,265300,24071041,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,HELLFIRE SCORCHING,"Wow, I'm amazed I'm having a good time with this game. I've played a little of Dark Souls and I know this game is compared to that game but to be honest I actually enjoyed this game more than Dark Souls. The thing that makes this game great is that there is little farming to do while in Dark Souls it was heavily mandatory. The best part is that this game is not broken out of the box like Dark Souls PC version was. Definitely recommended.I don't understand why all the hate for this game on the comment section. Its hard but once you get used to it and learn how to beat certain tough enemies; its a fun game."
76561198030195554,Recommended,265300,35181735,Posted: 24 September,all,TactusMortis,"Not sure why this game did not receive better reviews. Combat was fun, the story a bit cheesy but I spent over 35hrs of enjoyment with it for $7 ..well worth it at that price. The lack of map is probably the most irritating part of the game. is it as good as middle earth? No, but it is fun none the less and easily worth anything under $25."
,Recommended,265300,12735530,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Jiu-Ji†suG☣D,"I'm  Shocked this game has mixed reviews. It is far better than what the reviews seem to indicate. Lords of the Fallen has possibly the best use of PhysX ever in a pc game. This includes  the  first Cell Factor demo that was released for the Ageia PhysX card years ago. If you know anything about physX, this says A lot. If you have a Nvidia Graphics card you are in for some great  visuals,  It's really  true Next Gen and incredible to behold.  The best way I can  describe  LOTF is it's like dark Souls, but set in a more Fantasy Realm. The Graphics are top notch  and the use of an  almost totally  physical  world  makes it move and feel Amazing. I don't think this game is harder than Dark Souls  but after about 7 hours in its really great game.."
76561198135428271,Recommended,265300,12694824,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Word Its Bird,From a souls veteran this is a great game. If you have beaten darksouls 2 over 20 times and beat all the dlc and want to try something along the same lines this will fill your fix. I spent 45 minutes dying over and over in one area only to realize i wasnt supposed to be there yet but i could.(sound familiar?) Although it plays much slower and it feels like the heavy weapons take days to swing  i highly recommend it.
,Recommended,265300,12690150,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,ImTheNumber12,"I've only just started this, so this review will probably change, and I could be wrong about points that I make, so I'm going to apologize in advance, sorry. Also, I might spoil some enemy types that aren't integral to the story, but if you would rather figure out your own strategy against them, don't read the last few linesAnyways, so far this game is satisfying, it's truly a souls clone in combat controls and exploration design but the game does not share similar character movement, progression, speed, or difficulty. Let me explain: I feel that the game's designers decided at a very early stage in development that the souls style of studying enemy attack patterns and figuring out where to go through trial and error was what Lords Of The Fallen was going to use. But instead of completely copying the formula, as there was a good chance that it would bring more criticism than it would praise, the game's difficulty is only in learning the enemies patterns. Most enemies do not instantly kill you, and very many don't actually hit you for a third or half of your health bar. Instead they usually deal a lot less damage. Also, the game gives you the freedom of using magic in any character class a lot quicker than the souls games.The tough part, the portion of the game that I feel people will either love or hate, is that the game feels considerably slower than the souls games. Your character doesn't quite roll as fast backwards or forwards and the enemies really need to telegraph their heavy attack for you to be hinted at a safe side roll. Still, I was able to use it effectively on multiple enemies and it felt good to get my character to a green weight and feel how much quicker he was after getting used to the heft of dodging. As far as dual wielding and the long range guantlet, they are severely limited in my opinion. They have such a high risk of not stunning the enemy or taking such a long time to complete the animation that I feel that the easiest course of action is still sword and shield. I was surprised that the shotgun style blast spell of the guantlet took so long to shoot and since it recommends close range to be effective, in it's current state I have never sucessfully used it.I have unlocked 4 spells for the warrior class and while I have benefited from using them in certain situations, since they share from the same mana pool as the guantlet, take a while to cast, and have a considerably longer cooldown, I rarely use them outside 1v1 encounters with tougher enemies. They really haven't helped me with crowd control. I can say that the guantlet's piercing spell has saved me a couple of times, though. As for the crowd control, areas stay clear of enemies that you have killed until either you are away from them a significant amount of time (could possibly also be distance from the area), or when you die. Enemies will then respawn and you can kill them all over again.The trade off with healing and hoarding XP is explained pretty early on. You can heal and refill potions at red rocks scattered through the map. They have floating stones around them that represent the amount of potions they can fill and those have a cooldown, so the game promotes your progression forward and finding the next checkpoint rock. Also, you can choose to fill xp into either spell or ability points, with the trade off being the more xp you carry, the more rare the loot drops are. There is also a smith that will let you enchant items with gems if they have sockets. It will also let you bet xp into the smithing process to coax out more valuable gems.The story itself did sort of a poor job explaining why you are doing what you're doing at the start. It really just throws you into fighting tutorials as Harkyn, and doesn't explain for a few hours why you're just killing a bunch of monsters. When it is explained by Kaslo, a monk you're following, it really is as simple as kill the monsters or we die. There is a lore tab in the menus that explains more in detail what you are doing, and pieces of that lore are picked up as scrolls during the game. I can't say much of the story right now outside of the obvious, you fight lords, you die, they die, it's fun.That's all I can really type for where I'm at in the game but here's a tip for minimizing damage with most of the dudes with shields, the doggies, fatty sniper, and the circle-strafing rogue: The sprinting shield bash has stunned 99% of the humanoid enemies, and it almost always leaves room for a follow up attack. Use it on the dog like creatures, it knocks them like 10ft from where it connects. The fat sniper recovers pretty quick so after the follow up I make some space with the backwards roll and shoot him with the piercing guantlet, with the right timing, that's like a third of his health."
76561198015608178,Recommended,265300,12847024,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Securus,If you're a fan of Dark Souls and enjoy amazing graphics like me this is the game for you! I've got a couple of hours in and at a certain point you meet the fun monster which will kill you instantly if you mess up. Given I play as rouge which means I'm as squishy as they get but still this game will give you that rush when you get threw the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that killed you 20 times :DAs for those with issues. I had them as well it's just a mather of tweaking your settings.
,Recommended,265300,12852028,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Incendiário,"I can recommend this game. I'm on the last boss, 10h of play.It crashed the first time I booted the game and once 7h in. Only those two crashes, so it's playable.The performance is really bad, poor framerate, but the game is pretty.The second boss really bored me, but the game got better (and easier) as it went on.It's no Dark Souls by any means, maybe not worth the full price, but a good game in the end."
,Recommended,265300,12857394,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Araskelo,"Fun, albeit dumbed down version of Dark Souls. There is dialogue with multiple options that minorly effect the game. The game runs a lot better after the two updates. I understand a third is on the way for further bug fixes and optimization. I've killed two bosses without a problem, but the game seems fun so far."
,Recommended,265300,33626059,Posted: 18 July,all,ELNACHOES,"Not terrible, but not amazing. If you bought this game expecting a dark souls, you were right but the game is ALOT slower than darksouls, The weapon swing times in this game are ETROCIOUS and boss fights can be PAINFULLY  long somtimes. That said, its dark souls but with a extensive plot and narritive. In some aspects, it plays like a Zelda game. The game looks and runs spectacular. I wouldent recommend this game at full price however. I got my copy of the goty version for 6 bucks on sale but i wouldent pay more than that for it. Its a good game if you look past its few flaws. I give it a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,265300,23967741,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,GTOfire,"Don't expect it to be exactly like dark souls, just because it uses similar gameplay ideas. It admirably tries to make a game that isn't a straight up clone, but turns the souls games into a genre that this also sits in.It provides interesting new twists of familiar mechanics. For instance attacks can be timed with perfect intervals for lower stamina usage and performing combos that otherwise don't get triggered. As you kill enemies, you build up a multiplier for xp and loot and using a bonfire-equivalent resets it. That makes for an interesting choice where even for a new area, you might not want to refresh yourself but keep your multiplier instead.The fighting style of this game is slower than souls games and it's not as widely varied in how many different types of playstyles are fully supported. You'll find some options that are offered to be inconvenient and not totally viable, but plenty are, and all the common options like big-sword-guy or shield-guy or daggers-guy are all perfectly doable, with the game being easier or harder by player choice by wearing heavy armor or light gear.For full price I can see how it could have disappointed some people in the obvious comparison against dark souls. But especially at it's current price point, it's worth the time and money investment for sure."
,Recommended,265300,22506245,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,SundownKid,"Fun game that plays a lot like Dark Souls. The graphics are great, but it has a lot of crashing issues unless you turn off certain things. The art design is intricate but not as original as Dark Souls, neither is the plot, which is brief without having the same complexity as a Souls game. It's a good substitute for when you are feeling the itch to play a slow paced action RPG and have already played all the ""Souls"" series."
76561198029904609,Not Recommended,265300,26433983,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,bear_storm,"Allegedly a Soulslike, Lords shares more of its pedigree with Darksiders, and not especially in a good way. The narrative is heavy-handed and intrusive, controlling your progress through the game rather than contributing to it. There's very little in the way of discovery and nearly everything looks dark, stoneworked, and samey. There *are* a lot of convenience options, which is nice, but not enough to overcome the fundamental lack of interest I felt while playing this.It's a rare sin when a game bores the player not just during a particular section, but the whole way through.Finishing Lords of the Fallen was like finishing a whitebread and boiled potatoes sandwich; you just sit there and wonder why you kept going.You just sit there and wonder if perhaps you have a problem."
76561197971812070,Recommended,265300,28310853,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,numsei,"game crash --> loss all progress, almost unbelievable but its true, we are playing on PC, let us quicksave ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥si got this game on a big sale, if you are a patience man and are ok with random crashes and hours of progress loss (belive it or not the game incentive you to not hit save points) then get this on a saleEdit: alright, played a bit more, game grown on me, had no more crashes (apparently, it was an isolated case), i like the story in this game, damn good, way way better than Dark souls, i can see me coming back for this game in the future for more playthroughs, ITS THAT GOOD, i hope these guys make another gamefrom a negative first impression to an positive overall game, good job devs"
76561198097333637,Recommended,265300,13024953,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,BeastyG 9ONE9,"This game is pretty awesome not as ""challenging"" as dark souls 2 but the combat is funner and smooth although not perfect. The game has amazing graphics and physics, I have my settings all maxed out and im getting sold fps. Would have liked to see PvP with this game and the world and story could have been a little longer with more ""unexpected"" things. I played as a rogue which i think is most challenging first playthrough and now almost done with second play as a warrior.  I give it a 9/10"
76561197980071577,Recommended,265300,23967590,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,bmac1191,This game is on my list to finish after replaying w3.  I love the gameplay and the game looks beautiful in 4k.   No crashes here.
76561198143304094,Recommended,265300,32726724,Posted: 24 June,all,Buraqq8,"In my opinion this game is mixed god of war style and Dark Souls, to be honest i cant play Dark Souls cause it is too difficult to play  for me. This game is more suitable for me in this genre. Also graphics and combat system is good also this game has a story on the contrast of the Dark Souls.  One of the biggest cons is u cant block sometimes the  enemies there are kinf of bug about this. But u should buy this game in sale. IT'S WORTHH!!!"
76561197963640507,Not Recommended,265300,12724196,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Father Mulcahy,Would be a fun game if the game itself didn't decide for me I was done playing it.
,Recommended,265300,23010327,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Darkrayne,"I haven't completed the game yet but I really like it. It seems like the perfect middle ground between a normal RPG and Dark Souls.The big problem though, and I mean BIG problem, are the crashes caused by this game which are unlikely to ever get fixed at this stage. You'll know thier sting when you get the Beast down to it's last few hits and then the game freezes. That literally just happened to me about 2 minutes ago.It's not the first time it's crashed, there have been many.. but never at such a pinnicle moment before.I have crashed more times than I have actually been killed in LotF. Unless you're prepared to troubleshoot a list of 30 possible fixes for this game's problems with no guarantee any of them will work, expect it to crash from time to time.TLDR: It's worth playing but get it on consoles if you can to avoid issues."
76561198007198664,Not Recommended,265300,12920079,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,carlos1e,good game i liked but it crash a lot i was patient but im out
76561198072719550,Recommended,265300,15822044,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Savage Echo,"An underated game. Not as tough as dark souls, but i found it very enjoyable. The only thing i would add is a form of multiplayer, whether PvP or co-op PvE."
,Recommended,265300,13700120,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,LakuPope,"It's basically Dark Souls with much better graphics and toned-down difficulty. Still, Lords Of The Fallen is a great game.It took me about 17h to complete and the game crashed only once, so I guess I was lucky :)+ Stunning graphics.+ Runs smoothly, 60fps@1080p all the time, all maxed.+ The combat is simple, yet stellar, with a feeling of weight.+ Decent length.+ Armor design is superb, they look seriously badass!- Too easy. The bosses in particular.- The boss design is boring, practically every boss is a dude with a sword etc...- Clunky animations, especially the characters.- Not much to explore, the game is much more linear than f.ex. Dark Souls.All and all, Lords of the Fallen was a good game and I can recommend it to anyone who likes the whole Dark Souls - style of gameplay and genre.8/10"
,Recommended,265300,12685107,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Platinum,EDIT2: About 2 hours after I made that edit I walked through a door to a new area and I immediately fell through the floor and died. I then repeatedly respawned at the start of this area constantly dying unable to do anything so basically now my save is completely ♥♥♥♥ed until the fix this.EDIT: Now that I've gave the game some more time I have to say I think it's actually not as bad as I first thought. If I'm playing a character in the heaviest armour using the heaviest weapon then of course my attacks are going to take half an hour to wind up. The game is actually quite satisfying once you get used to the combat and appreciate how it isn't exactly the same as Dark Souls. There appears to be a lot to do and there are many different new mechanics that do build upon the Dark Souls Genre. I don't think the game is perfect but I do think it's a good start in what hopefully is a long line of good Dark Souls like games.OLD REVIEW ( If you like Dark Souls I wouldn't automatically assume that you'll like this game. While the combat is similar it's not exactly the same as Dark Souls. Dark Souls combat is quick. This combat feels like you're playing as a sloth that is covered in treacle who's just woken up from a year long slumber. A sloth that has to wait for the enemy to use that one move that has a long enough recovery time to actually get a good attack in without being staggered.It's okay but I wouldn't really recommend it.)
76561198007504378,Recommended,265300,33013730,Posted: 29 June,all,Spindle,"Amazing game, I'm a huge fan of Dark Souls 3 and I loved this.  It's pretty much a DS clone, the only difference really is the setting.My first battle with the boss behind the gate gave an awful impression of the combat system, the insanly slow slob roll was horribly off putting.  Just like Dark Souls though you just have to either put lighter armor on or increase your stats to roll faster.  After I found that out I loved it.Awesome game, wish I bought it sooner."
,Recommended,265300,33835940,Posted: 27 July,all,Caracarn,"having played all the DS games, i must admit i like this game greatly. A lot of unjust hate put out there, great game for fans of darksouls to give a go"
,Not Recommended,265300,21174939,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Lordless Kingdom,"+ Great Visual and Graphics+ Okay Story+ Combat Works Fine on some Occasions- Annoying Environment Bug- Could Crash Mid Gameplay- Lack of Difficulty- Generic DesignSummary:LORDS OF THE FALLEN while could stand with its awesome graphics and a more flexible story-telling then the Souls games, it fails to deliver a challenge to those who seeksScore: 5.5/10"
,Recommended,265300,27887651,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pandorioum,"Love the game and how good it makes me feel. This is how hard games should be, none of this spoon feeding that most modern games have!"
,Recommended,265300,28015244,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CalebAlpha,"I like this game. People call it a ""Souls Game"" and yeah the mechanics are the same-ish. But thats a good thing, the world needs more souls games. Tough but douable and you should feel satisfied every time you progress a little (or alot if you're an elite mlg noob slaying shaves with sandpaper gamer). Either way should be fun."
76561197984574681,Recommended,265300,27848051,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,★K1NG★ # Benzington,"Lords of the Fallen is a good game that any Dark Souls fan should try.It has a fun combat system, an interesting skill system (different from Dark Souls) and a cool demonic setting (you can visit other dimensions). Sure the game lacks on certain aspects (bosses aren't that tough), but overall it is a game worth playing."
76561198076643005,Recommended,265300,28084540,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,projectwhite,"awesome game, but very difficult"
76561198021260579,Recommended,265300,21998091,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Aodyri,"A few technical problems with this one. If you are using an AMD graphics card, this game will likely slow down or run at sub optimum. The specs required are higher than suggested. It isn't super stable.That said, this game is a solid experience. Like many people, I will compare it to Dark Souls since they fit in the same niche. This game is an odd blend of Diablo style leveling & loot collection (everything is randomized), and Dark Souls combat.You can technically pick a class, but very quickly these have little to no difference, beyond the cleric having a heal. Weapon stats, damage, and speed are all random so a pair of shortswords can do more damage than a two hander, and be slower. You have a stamina bar, health, a limited number of health potions that refill at rest points, a block, parry, heavy attack, light attack, and roll.The art personally reminds me of the chunky comic book style from Darksiders, so a big plus. It does repeat the Dark Souls 2 problem of most enemies being some variation of ""guy in armor"", but they all look impressive, and the rarer non-human enemies are quite cool. The story is pretty standard fantasy fluff, and isn't going to under or overwhelm anyone. For 20$ or less, you are getting 10+ hours of solid game to slake that thirst that -for me- only the Souls series really fills."
76561198060384351,Recommended,265300,31813480,Posted: 17 May,all,Bob the Skeleton,"This game is okay. The combat and appearence of the game resembles Dark Souls at first glance but after some time playing the game you figure out that that is not the case. The combat is fun at first but clunky when you really get into the thick of it. The ""fat roll"" in LotF is still managable so there's no reason not to max out your weight. The bosses can be challenging but some end up feeling more like meat sponges than enemies. While there were three character classes in the game only one of them felt relevant to the gameplay, with the Rogue class being an honorable mention at best and the Mage being somewhat useless (in the time I spent playing it). Being only single player is alright, even though it might've been better as a co-op game (either summons like Dark Souls or some other co-op system) with an optional single player experience. Overall the game can be fun but make sure to only pick it up on sale."
76561198070301185,Recommended,265300,33658320,Posted: 19 July,all,Frost,It has some flaws but it is worth buying.Had alot of fun with it.
,Recommended,265300,32882463,Posted: 27 June,all,Ronald Weasley With KFC,"The game is good, ignore the people who are trying to play it on their gtx 240."
,Recommended,265300,25446994,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Memag,"Wonky hot spots, interaction and at times unresponsive controls.But beautifully imagined and executed well in story, art and sound department.If there is a sequel in the plans, I'll surely check it out.Fun game."
76561198018320865,Recommended,265300,12845083,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,TheeMilkMan,"It was a really fun game and was my first experience at challenging ARPGs. I must say though for a $60 title it was very short in terms of content. I got 13 hours out of a single playthrough and was left wanting more. One thing I also disliked was the fact that you could tell the game was progressing very quickly because it seemed that in no time at all you were onto the next boss fight with no kind of down time or build up between them. I know what I said is very negative so far but wait. The combat which has to be the highlight of this game is EXTREMELY satisfying. That fact that I started out a pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ player and slowly progressed and got better and better really made me feel good and helped me feel like my character was actually getting stronger. The story in this game wasn't too bad but wasn't really fully explained in my opinion. It felt very open ended when I finished the game but the audio logs that are left around the world that help you discover the story are a very nice touch. I absoloutley love the art style in this game but maybe a few less spikes on all the armour would be nice. :p Overall though I'd give this game a 7.5/10 and anyone who is looking for a game similar to dark souls but a bit easier and more of an entry into tough ARPGs, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,265300,12829556,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,RoManslaughter,"Lords of the FallenFirst off i wanna say that i went into this without any real expectations. The game was gifted too me by my brother who is a huge dark souls fan. After spending a dozen hours with the game i have too say I am quite impressed. I am basing this review on my own experiences and not those of other people. I can recommend this game due too the fact i have had none of the crashes and hardships that everyone else has been having. I will list some pros and cons for the game and then a final verdict.Pros:-Gorgeous graphics, some of the best ive ever seen in an adventure game.-Combat is fluid and takes timing, gives you a sense of accomplishment-Loot and more loot-Replay value, if you love collecting everything and wanna get 100% complete there is lots too do here-Soundtrack is spot onCons-Enemy types become repetitive-Some framerate issues-Camera can get a little in the way sometimes due too linear corridors-Voice acting is mediocre at best and lip synching is terribleSo overall I found the game too be engaging and fun. Not the best action rpg i have ever played but surely not the worst. A great battle system and sense of urgency keeps you on your toes as you traverse this world in search of a new peice of gear and formiddable foes.7/10"
,Recommended,265300,12826353,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Vasudan,"Lords is a great looking game and combat plays out with weight and timing that feels really good, that metal on metal crashing never gets old. A lot of work has gone into armor and weapons, you would be hard pressed to find a single item you didn't want to wear or use.Unfortunately it's not a very long or hard game. Milage may vary but if your compenent with Souls games it's not going to take you long. There are only about 10 bosses and only 2-3 that required more than one attempt. Level design can be a little messy, on one side it's enjoyably intricate and the other an overly complicated, messy maze. Some zones just have way too many shortcuts and alternative routes that make things very confusing....and then there was the crashes, mid boss fight frustrations a plenty. Hopefully when I get around to a NG+ run that will be fixed.Having said that, I loved and highly recommened it, just wish there was more."
76561197995407699,Recommended,265300,12817669,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Krull,"So i got in the game and thought darksiders, the artwork the armour, made me feel like one of the horsemen again. However after meeting the tutorial and having to fight an enemy right off the bat the playstyle was shouting Praise the sun! If you like both those games you should give this a try. I really enjoyed this game, alot of flying through the air with my two hander XD"
,Recommended,265300,31431610,Posted: 28 April,all,Olayer01,"Lords of the Fallen is a game with an very interesting storyline, characters whose fates rest in your hands in a very subtle and not so subtle way at times, and unique combat style. The game is a Dark Souls type game where progressing through the game you'll encounter bosses and enimes that can take you out with out batting an eye. There are three different play styles that you can choose from that you can use in your combat style which is a unique idea. A problem I found with that is you have to pick carefully because you can change your choice (once per playthrough and difficulty done) but you are stuck with that character type for the remainder of the game. Still if you want a fun fast paced game with an excellent storyline and soundtrack, look no further."
,Recommended,265300,33653155,Posted: 19 July,all,Lonelaw,hard to run so my review might not be exact but from what i cant play great game atleast deserves a 7/10 i would say
76561198164607605,Recommended,265300,33679955,Posted: 20 July,all,Redacted-FTW,Great graphics great story the combat is hard for me but i suck at games :P still 10/10.
76561198061671546,Recommended,265300,22886829,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Sciophyte,"Lords of the Fallen has a somewhat dented learning curve: unless you're a veteran of the Dark Souls franchise—which I'm told LotF emulates—you'll probably find the combat pretty challenging in the beginning, to say nothing of taking down the first boss or two. But once you develop certain magical skills, the difficulty drops almost to the point of tedium (for me, the skill that did it was ""Stab"" on a rogue, and to a certain extent, ""Shift""). Most common opponents suddenly pop like soap bubbles, and as soon as you learn to evade the most damaging boss attacks, the big guys no longer pose nearly as much of a threat as they're probably meant to do. And since the story is dark fantasy boilerplate with ciphers for characters, even the admittedly gorgeous visuals can no longer make up for the fact that your sole incentive for plodding through the game is the prospect of finding shinier toys in the next chest. That ain't much. I'm by no means saying LotF is a bad game, especially if you can get it during a sale, which is why I'm still recommending it. You may well get a few hours worth of fun out of this title. Just not enough fun—or challenge—to last to the very end of it."
76561198006360598,Recommended,265300,28380315,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Grizzly,Absolutly Brilliant! I have loved this game from the original ads to the 4th and 5th time I have completed the game! The graphics are stunning and the game play is memorable!.
,Recommended,265300,12837456,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,RTBear,"Gametime: 15 hoursNumber of playthroughs: 1The Good:- Beautiful, grim, dark art. Gothic in a sense with other inspirations for the more fantasy stuff.- Decent keyboard controls, only remapped 2 keys- Combat is good; forgiving for new players and hard to master for hardcore players. Parrying is difficult and optimizing stats is rewarding (but not really difficult in any way).- Sound design is nice but not awesome- Lots of items to customize with progression and unique art.- UI and interface is decent- FIghting enemies is fun but takes patienceThe Bad:- Crashes, most of which have been fixed for me with patches but some random ones here and there still exist.- World feels small and cramped most of the time. Needs more areas and side quests.- Side quests are hard to track and remember- A lot of items in the game have cryptic effects that you won't know until you read about them or really experiment and pay attention- Last boss fight was lame- New Game+ doesn't have much to offerThe Ugly:- Not much really, this game is a stone's throw away from being amazing."
76561198079176103,Recommended,265300,12836386,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Twiztid_Juggalo,"So it took me about 22 hours to finish the game on my first playthrough where developers were saying approximately 30 hours, which to me is fair but I am very familiar with this style of game and BECAUSE of my souls experience this game posed very little challenge. Once I was in a comfortable set of armor and found a weapon I liked, the game was a breeze and again little to nothing posed any real threat, I mean I one shot every boss in the game as I went through and the bosses were easily harder than any of the trash that was encountered. Now, I will mention this, this game is HEAVILY inspired by the Souls series, and rightfully so, the Souls game were so unique and so unforgiving that when I had finished them both with about 200 hours invested into each I was craving more of that Souls style combat and I found it here in spades, just not really as punishing as souls.All the people who said that this game was bad because combat was slow a clunky and the developers tried to make it hard by making enemies dodge hit and block faster than you clearly has no patience at all, they were obviously spoiled by games like Darksiders where you can litterally button mash your way to victory. Combat in Lotf is precise and deiliberate. Swinging a heavy weapon means looking for that window, taking advantage of it, and reducing yourself to the fact that you may only get the one swing in unless you use a weapon which a much faster attack speed, it's all up to the player. What I did like was that they allowed magic to be a viable option even when building a melee character without being punished for it. This is a solid game and if you are the type that enjoys weighty realistic combat, visceral environments kick a$$ looking bosses, this game will not let you down. 8/10 for me."
,Recommended,265300,25613866,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Tey,"Wonderfull Game, really fun to play.I had some problems to make it run in fullscreen on my computer, but after that was fixed - everything was fantastic.I Played this game with a keyboard and mouse and you really feel this game was build for a Gamepad, if you dont have a gamepad, get one first (or the controlls might drive you crazy).Has some good story and very nice graphics.~ some people say the game would crash like every 5min; i had no problems with that, weird."
,Not Recommended,265300,33732592,Posted: 22 July,all,Fart Sauna,The targeting in this game is dogshit.
,Recommended,265300,12860432,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Convict,"Lords Of the Fallen follows a character named Harkyn who is a previous criminal released by his friend kaslo to defend the world from demonic beasts. This game allows you to choose your armor,weapons,class,dialogue etc and has a story there for the people that want one and the gameplay for others that dont. Technical Issues: NONE if you want to run this game properly without crashes look at the game requirements instead of just purchasing the game because you got a new computer this game fully maxes out my new computer which i spent more than 1 grand on (ps they do lie a little bit about recomending 3.5ghz on the processor i have 3.4 and i run it on ultra so if you're planning on buying this game shortly after buying a new pc keep that in mind that you dont have to spend an extra 50 dollars or so) If you found dark souls too difficult but liked the gameplay when it worked this is the game for you."
,Recommended,265300,33636625,Posted: 18 July,all,Konnie,Slow combat and overall movement.Average voice acting and how it's portrayed.REALLY GOOD models & armour sets.It's not as horrible as people say but it does have it's cons.
,Not Recommended,265300,29025845,Posted: 4 January,all,Rob,its like darksouls if you shackled 30.000 stones worth of weight to every animation.
,Recommended,265300,22775012,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,C a p t a i n   V i r a l,More like Dark Souls: Slow and Chill edition.
76561198068060523,Recommended,265300,12858839,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Yslach,"This game is fun for every hours you spend on it. almost every boss fight is different. For new players i suggest warrior, because warriors tend to have massive dmg reduction early game, and you wont get 1-hit kill by the shield mob. Cleric is great if you love using magic instead of melee manfight, but sometimes you still need to smash some skulls with your hammer tho. And rogues is for game+, you need to switch between shield and dagger all the time. and dagger is the best weapon for rogues in this game imo.However this game do have several bugs, the most annoying one is the combo death in one of those portals. If you die there, you will die again when you respawn, which makes you lost all the XP. But after 2nd death everything is normal again so no worry for unlimit death.The total gameplay time is about 20 hours. 12 hours if you are a hard core player.And 2 hours if you are a hacker. Ps.Do not be a hacker in games, you will lose all the fun, all of it."
76561198068413507,Not Recommended,265300,33699518,Posted: 21 July,all,Kristoffer,"This game seemed fun. Then The First Warden appeared, man was I wrong. Trying to roll out of his way, moving like a 90 year old man with two broken legs. And that massive blow of his. No matter which way you try to roll, that♥♥♥♥♥♥will hit you. It follows you where ever you try to go. I quit the game, uninstalled and went to the kitchen to get something to drink,♥♥♥♥♥♥still hit me."
,Recommended,265300,12864399,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Malevolent,"Dark souls meets diablo - 9/10This game deserves a better rating than its getting, its truly amazingI understand people are having issues running the game but so far in my experience, my game has never crashed once, nor have I had any visible frame drops or bugs whatsoever...I rly hope they can sort these problems out+Great voice acting+Beautiful art style+Amazing graphics-Clonky targetting system-Some hitbox issues"
,Recommended,265300,32749952,Posted: 24 June,all,Dr. Doop,"I got this game because i enjoy dark souls but the difficulty is a little much for me to manage. Lords of the Fallen gives me the fix i am looking for and more. The game looks better to me than dark souls did and i like the story.Not sure how someone has mistaken the graphics to be cartoony? Seriously? Are you playing while high on LSD?!?! Nothing about this game is cartoony, in fact it looks pretty badass and shiny.Only thing i dont like is how slow and sluggish the combat roll looks but it may just be the class i chose ( hopefully ).There is a neat feature that i like .. you get an xp multiplier with every kill .. you have a choice to use those points at the checkpoints but you lose the current multiplier. The higher your multiplier the better the gear drops get as well. But if you die you also lose all your xp and the multiplier. You have the chance to get all your xp back if you can get to your body in time. The xp you lose deminishes over time so better be quick!Over all .. the game plays A LOT like dark souls in a few ways .. like the checkpoints give you your max potion charges and refills your life but the difference is you can choose to store your xp points and not refill your potions and hp bar and this will allow you to keep your kill multiplier. The bosses arent quite as challenging as dark souls bosses .. but im ok with that since i lose my patience easily.I do recommend this game on sale or full price .. its well worth the money."
,Recommended,265300,22755208,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,War Boy,"I really liked this game, but it took me only 6 hours to beat it and I got lost a couple times. Get it on sale!"
76561198010555446,Not Recommended,265300,31932196,Posted: 24 May,all,Otis Dunlap,"It wants to have the dodge/block-attack game play of Dark Souls, but it lacks the tight controls and visual responses required for that to work. My biggest enemy was input lag and choppy animations that made the precise timing impossible. Bugs and problems completely overshadow what good ideas it has."
,Recommended,265300,12702948,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,|IF| Gattsta,"Even though I'm still in the early stages of playing this game, from what I've gathered it's Dark Souls, but more fogiving. Being able to choose the difficulty is an awesome change of pace, but if you're used to the Dark Souls universe, you'll be disappointed with anything under hard.The game itself is beautiful. The visuals are amazing, and everything about it just makes you go oo and ahh as you walk around for the first time.The mechanics are pretty polished, and like Dark Souls, you need to learn your weapons.This is just a small review on something that I've come to love. This game is well worth it, and I recommend it to everyone who likes a good challenge."
,Not Recommended,265300,13833113,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,̧҉ ҉Minorou 💀,"Lords of the Fallen is among the first entries of what I hope to be the beginning of the ""souls-like"" dark fantasy action RPG.  Like many early games in a new subgenre, it excels in some areas and falls flat on its face in others.  It ends up being a decent game that falls just short of expectations.The graphics of Lords of the Fallen is gorgeous, with fantastic and consistent art style throughout the game.  Unfortunately, the game is not well optimized, and does not run well for many players.  Some are unable to play the game at all due to constant crashing.  The developer has been hard at work releasing stability patches, so this may not be a problem in the future.  Just keep in mind that you may not get a smooth experience if you don't have powerful setup.The game offers some interesting lore, given to you mostly by audio logs found throughout the world, and a little more through dialogue.  Conversations have an awkward, jilted flow, leaving most characters dull and one-dimensional.The meat and potatoes of games of this type is the gameplay, specifically combat.  Fighting in this game is broken in both senses of the word.  The biggest problem is the fact that you lose stamina at the beginning of your attack animation, instead of the end.  Weapons in this game have great, weighty attack animations that lose all momentum the moment you get hit, regardless of how close you were to completing the attack.  This makes fighting with slow, powerful weapons infuriating.  All too many times I've attacked with a long windup for an attack, only to get hit with a piddly 2 damage from a quick enemy swipe, losing the attack and the stamina invested.    Never spam the attack button, as you will most often get hit every time, losing all stamina leaving you unable to block or dodge, all the while dealing 0 damage to the enemy.  While there is a poise stat, I have never seen Harkyn tank a hit and strike through, even in the heaviest of armors against the lightest of enemy attacks.The game gives you a variety of spells, most of which have very little use.  While a few spells offer utility, the casting animation of spells leaves you vulnerable for too long, making it difficult to justify casting spells in combat apart from a select few.  You are given a magic ""attack"" through the gauntlet item, but it is awkward to switch to mid-combat and  does little damage per point of magic usage unless you have invested heavily into it.  Because of this, combat is nearly always through melee combat.  Of note are ghosts and anything with a shield, which are difficult to manage without magic.On the other hand, combat can be broken in your favor by the inexplicably strong effect stat scaling has.  You have no reason to put anything other than a Luck rune in your weapon, since the increase of damage outclasses anything else.  Because of this, any weapon without a rune slot or without any scaling (as in, most weapons) will be overlooked.One thing the Lords excels in is boss combat.  Bosses are all unique and have segmented health bars.  With each segment you reach, the boss changes tactics or adds new attacks.  This leaves boss encounters fresh and interesting throughout the fight.  In addition, you pick up a weapon from each boss you kill.  By fulfilling certain criteria, such as taking no damage or ending the fight quickly, you will get an upgraded version of the boss weapon.  This is a welcome addition to add extra challenge if you are up to the task.All in all, Lords of the Fallen is a bittersweet game.  It ends up being a mixed experience that may be worth it if you can work past its many flaws.  Expect around 15 to 20 hours of gameplay.  Consider giving it a look if it is on heavy discount, but you won't miss much by passing it by."
,Recommended,265300,12685586,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Vanta Black,"If you're the type of person to nit pick, fan boy and cry because your standards are far too high then no, you won't like Lords of Fallen. Anyone else looking for a challenge in a new, dark world you'll find it here.From some of the most STUNNING graphics to visceral swordplay there is a lot to keep you busy here.For me, I like the polished easy to read menus and the armor look and feel. The rogue class is the one I went with and I'm really enjoying the speed and ferocity of the protagonist.To keep it short and sweet, if you're looking for another dark fantasy, RPG hack n' slash you've found one, and a good one at that. Pay no attention to the wet panties and tears that flow because this wasn't developed in Asia."
,Recommended,265300,19806504,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,♠ DgO ♠,"Warning: If you do not enjoy games like the Souls series, do not buy this game.Lords Of The Fallen has been compared to the Souls series, containing a slow tactical approach to close-quarters combat gameplay, with difficult enemies and locations to overcome.In this game, you will control a hero called Harkyn. He is a warrior with a mysterious past ready to confront an army of demons. He was release from jail by a mysterious man called Kaslo. Kaslo gives Harkyn an opportunity for him to redeem for his crimes in a mission to save the realm dominated by demons.The gameplay is really good and easy to learn. I strongly recommend to play it with a controller, otherwise, the game can be harder to play. The game uses a ""risk and reward"" system. The amount of experience the player can gain for use can be increased through a multiplier that builds up the longer the player mixes up combo attacks or avoids using checkpoints and spending their experiences.The cons that I have about this game are about the cutscenes and the camera. They could have putted more effort in the cutscenes to be more natural. Sometimes the dialog and the movements of the characters do not match, and the scenes are very robotic.The camera during the gameplay can be tricky sometimes. As an example, in a small room during a fight, the camera goes into an angle that you cannot see your character or the enemy, and this can become deadly sometimes. This event happens in rare times, but when it happens it is very annoying.If you enjoyed the serie of Souls and like new challenges, this game is a good choice for you!9.5/1O"
,Recommended,265300,13581811,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Craft,"I'll just say. For the first title of a new IP that is 100% a derivitive dark souls. it's great. There are some bugs and frustrations but no more than the bugs and frustrations with DS and DS2. My biggest complaint (which really is a matter of perspective) is that if you are thorough in your first playthrough there isnt any point to a second playthrough. But seriously, since when did only having 1 playthrough in a game automatically make it garbage? I honestly loved every minute of it start to finish and enjoyed it on my second playthrough as well (which i havent completed yet) because its just a lot of fun. Everything about the game feels stylish and polished. I'd recommend it and in fact have purchased it for several friends as gifts because i believe in the franchise so much!"
76561198076049767,Recommended,265300,16497848,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,onGiBon,"Well, it's not bad game)This game is the ideological heir to a series Souls. Yes, it did not have system progress and magic skills which is inherent in series Souls. By the way, it can propose some other interesing features in gain experience. For example, after your die, your accumulated experience will disappears with time, if you don't have enough time to pick up.All event take place in the one castle and one demonic portal so all location strongly connected. On the one hand, this fact talk about of very good location organization, on the other hand, you will wander around looking right space of location.Finally, armors, weapons and landscape very well develope. Your armors have more details as landscape, so it looks amazing.Conclusion, I recommend this game all fanat of series Souls."
76561197970975822,Recommended,265300,13121737,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,NoiTツ,Great game a solid experience. -  Souls series fan
,Recommended,265300,13872208,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Doby Swift,intencely hard but fun
76561198008724226,Recommended,265300,14081264,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Kron,"At first I was very dissapointed with this game(becouse of lags and crashes, and boring start of game), but after patches, I've managed to overcome first 1-2 hours of game and I've noticed that I really WANT to play this game(feeling that I have not experienced for long time). The graphics are very good, design of armors and weapons is awesome, much better than in any fantasy RPG I ever saw. Gameplay and controls are similar to Dark Souls, but for me it was much easier to play this game (don't know why). Also unlike DS this game has story which is big advantage for me. The game is interesting to play and explore. The disadvantages are: still quite poor optimization (few times I experienced lags and there still were 2 crashes for a single walkthrough) and shortness (the game is very short - about 6-8 hours for me)."
,Recommended,265300,14106202,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Boompap,"For starters... fun game! Not finished with it yet, but so far it has been a blast. From the very beginning of the game the similarities to the well known Dark Souls series is obvious. I've only beaten 3 bosses so far, but each encounter felt unique and had me quickly dodging left and right. Overall the loot and combat system is fluid and easy to figure out. Lastly the story isn't very interesting to me, but more interestingly the adventure feeling it leaves you with is very powerful and satisfying."
76561198076321320,Recommended,265300,13950322,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,logan⇋HG⇌,this is easily one of my most favorite games its tough and fun ive had blast with it theres lots to explore as well.its different playstyles are fun to try and expirament with.
76561198057102878,Recommended,265300,12678084,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,MicMaky,"This game is a good dark souls imitation, if you like dark souls then you are sure to like this. There are interesting enemies, equipment and level designs. Graphically the game also looks good and uses a number of graphical effects to add to its appeal.In its current state though the game has many bugs. I have had issues with crashes, memory leaks, save curruptions and once the level failed to load and I fell through the map...However I still recommend this game, under the asusmption that these bugs will be fixed shortly."
76561198021805840,Recommended,265300,13661955,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,banjomx,"The game is really awesome. It's a lot like dark souls 2, but better. Graphic is top notch (beware that max texture detail require 3.5GB VRAM, 4.4gb is the max i've seen allocated), gameplay is like dark souls saga. Enemy/armor/weapon design is superb. Really inspiring ambient scenarios...all excellent, exept for stability. The game crashes sometimes (too often), wich is annoying. Some other times it stutters with no apparent reason (CPU/GPU well under 50% utilization). Some say it's the new DRM Denuvo which causes all those problems, i dunno. Certainly i don't like intrusive DRM like this one and i'll not buy any other game which will use this DRM. I hope they'll fix the stability problems...."
76561197964894094,Recommended,265300,12780715,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,ByggemandBob,"Great great game. Have completed the first playthrough focusing mainly on the storyline and looking forward to dual classing through NG+.A lot of resemblance to Dark Souls, wich is all good if you ask me. Just shy of 20 hours focusing on the story, there is a lot of exploring left to do in the next playthrough in terms of side quests, and extra loot. Love the class designs and equipment.If youre looking for a hack'n'slash this is probably not it. It requires some tactics but if you have played DS you will know what you are dealing with, although everyting in this games seems ""heavier"".All in all a great an gorgeous experience. 4.5/5"
76561198004944543,Recommended,265300,13998400,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Tal Kalon,"I really like the game. Originally, it kept crashing before I reach a new checkpoint, so progession had been pretty slow. I used the internet, identitified the issue, and now the game runs fine and looks brilliant.Some advice, choose sword and shield when you're starting out. The swing speeds are much more forgiving."
,Recommended,265300,12788014,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Apoapsis,"I haven't played enough Demon/Dark Souls to really compare the two so I won't.  While I've only played it for about 3 or 4 hours, I've really enjoyed it so far. The fights have been fun and the animations are really terrific.  I can't really speak very much about the story (whatever it's supposed to be). It mostly seems to involve the main character meeting a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who he, is in turn, an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to.I have experienced a couple of CTDs so that's been frustrating... hopefully there'll be less of those after it's been patched."
,Recommended,265300,16408984,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,2 Indie Dev.,"Really under rated, Frist play though maybe hard depending on your build.New Game plus is a joke, just run in and rekt.I found grave and planted a sword, a new sword sprouted would play again.11/10"
76561198006312632,Recommended,265300,17047909,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,-Killa-,"Lords of the Fallen is a gritty, hack n slashy rpg experience. Very polished graphics although I've encountered a few mistakes graphically as well. Make sure your graphics card drivers are updated, because there are some stabillity issues with this game.The fighting mechanics feel a tad clunky at times but the 1 hit kill moves from behind look pretty awesome and the game is quite a challenge in comparison to other games in the genre. Lot of ducking and weaving is needed. The enemies and surroundings are well designed and look overall awesome. Although snowy bush copy paste # 17489776397 also occurs overall it's fun to explore in this game. I like the surroundings a lot. You can see a lot of details went into the painting of the textures for walls and rocks.What can I say, this game has my kind of ""50 shades of grey"" and for the non cutesy gritty loving hack n slash rpg fans out there this is a must."
76561198027429758,Recommended,265300,13124128,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,BG_R1K0,"I haven't experienced any crashes yet ""knock on wood"" but actually really like the game so far. playing on a asus rog laptop with an i7 4700hq with a 880gtx 4gig....works good so far"
76561197991709653,Recommended,265300,26678257,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Chances are low,"The comparison of LOTF vs DS (Darksouls) is a fair one.There are many differences, but game control is similar.LOTF is less time consuming to play through. I made it through the game in less than 6 hours, something I couldn't have come close to doing with out many more hours of practice on DS games.LOTF is not nearly as difficult, nor is it as re-playable as DS.However, I had fun with the game and the story. I just couldn't buy into it as deep as I would have had if I played LOTF before DS.LOTF is a good alternative for people who like the melee/spell caster games with a medium-ish difficulty (at the harder settings). It has a decent story and some reasons to explore, but not a lot of reward to do the exploration.I would still say that if you have some time and the money, it wouldn't be a bad experience. Likely, you would enjoy it."
,Recommended,265300,26684559,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Jack,"So... It's a Dark Souls clone. There is no denying that. But... Dark Souls is a great game... and this clone of it is pretty good too! The enemies are less varied than Dark Souls and the bosses are more forgettable, but the amount of fun to be had is on par with Dark Souls.I'm sure some people will say it's a bad game just because FromSoftware didn't make it, but they're wrong. It's a fun experience, unless you don't like dying a lot and have problems timing attacks with precision.There is a lot of narrative in this game. Since there is no character creation, you just play as Harkyn. Harkyn has conversations with people. So the game doesn't feel as bleak as Dark Souls (keep in mind when I call Dark Souls bleak, that's a good thing, but it doesn't mean Lords of the Fallen is bad, it just feels different), and it's obvious what you are supposed to be doing. There's spells in  the game too, but I didn't use them so I can't really speak as to how fun it is to use them.Overall I highly recommend. It's a fun and challenging experience."
,Recommended,265300,26692489,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,♪ tuty ツ # ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Despite the hate and bad reviews, I come with a positive one. As a computer hard as ♥♥♥♥ gamer, liking stories andgameplay and graphics, I can say that this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. I never played Dark Souls (I know, right, come at me haters), so because it was somethingnew to me, obviously it was hardl; and from my experience after finishing the game with Warrior - Brawler (FML HARD AS ♥♥♥♥ SOMETIMES) I can say that this one is not easy, but not hard. It is moderate. Yes, first time when you play all the fricking bosses are hard to killbut if you try new game+ then it will be piece of cake, if you built your player properly. Graphics are gorgeous with nice ambient effects and high quality textures and NVidia Tulburence makes a difference I'll tell you that. Let me tell you that this game has the most amazing soundtrack I have ever heard in my life -- and believe me, I played♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of games.I recommend this one with all my tyrant heart <3 to everyone. BUY IT. Atm, I'm at the Labyrinth and even with 120 NG+ is hard as heck. I have enjoyed every single second in this game."
,Recommended,265300,26505806,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Citron,"I bought this game as a Dark Souls for beginners but I played as a rogue, later to find out this was the hardest class. Got oneshot by pretty much everything during the first half of the game, so I was not disappointed by the lack of challenge. I enjoyed this game a lot, and would recommend it.Pros:- Beautiful game- Great bosses (most of the time)- Lots of different weapons- Decent lifespan- Enjoyable contentCons:- The story is terrible. But who cares?- Level design didn't seem very clear to me, and the fact that every area adjoins each other wasn't helping. At all.- Broken power curve. Basically, I sucked big time during the first half of the game, then I got overpowered in the latter part. But I have to admit I enjoyed it. I might not have finished the game if I'd kept on being oneshot by everything during 30 hours.- Some bosses don't have any interesting movesets and end up being not much of a challenge. I spent more time figuring out a way to deal efficiently with rhogar knights than to beat bosses like Champion and Protector..."
76561197981568397,Recommended,265300,26463208,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,4texas the zombiemutt,iv had it crash one time but iv had alot of fun with this game worth the money
76561198046287910,Recommended,265300,32312980,Posted: 10 June,all,Lt. Narros,"Hmm ok how do i point this.... This game is good,not great not amazing.  Worth  10-20 dollars tho. if you played dark souls this game's Combat is more based on timing then energy managment, strategy indead of reactions. patience you are going to need alot of it, and wift punishing over, chessing. The game armor and weapons and areas look amazing even tho it's only like 4 area types. it's strange how game from 2014 has better graphic then dark soul 3(2016). If you don't like learning new ways of playing these of games and adapting don't get this game. 7.4"
,Recommended,265300,32831390,Posted: 26 June,all,Gibli,"A fun souls-like game. The art reminds me of Warhammer 40k. It's an unforgiving game with some cool skills and lovely art, with slightly clunky controls. I would recommend this game for under $10 for people who enjoy a challange and flashy art."
76561198004595721,Recommended,265300,27301908,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[LR] Herminator,"I would really recommend this game, it's great and I don't  know why there are so much negative comments.First of all the game looks great, the graphics are gorgeous and i personally love the art style. Combat is really satisfying, yoe face opponents way bigger and more powerfull than you. After a while you learn the pattern and beat them, it's so satisfying to tear down a giant after a few tries.Yes this game looks a lot like dark souls, but I didn't enjoy darks souls so much. I didn't like the artstyle and the way it feels like the game is just trying to annoy you. Lords of the fallen actually succeeds in being enjoyable without you wanting to ragequit.There are also many secrets to discover and many different ways to approach the fights."
76561198119472926,Recommended,265300,32828772,Posted: 26 June,all,KawaiiHitler,"I will keep this review short seem as there are many other positive reviews that explain way better why the game is good. i just want to say that if you want to buy this in the hopes of a challenge, don't. it is not that hard. i beat most bosses in tmy first try and the ones i didn't beat was because i was fooling around. it is a nice game with awesome graphics with many weapons and armor sets, secrets and a decent story. the magic isn't too overpowered so you can't really rely on a mage style so it ups the dificculty a bit. thank god because any easier and it would feel like a kids game. (i am being overdramatic don't let that put you off)"
,Not Recommended,265300,12791628,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Jearbear,"This game is garbage. All of the magic is super unreliable and clunky, the fast majority of the deception skills don't even seem to function properly. The stealth rarely stealths you, and when it does, it lasts for all of 5 seconds before you can chose to break it with an incredibly slow and weak attack (does less damage coming out of stealth than I do just hitting things.) Not to mention if you don't plan on having a ton of strength or using a buckler there are enemies that are more or less unkillable without kiting them very slowly for minutes, and these enemies are far from uncommon.I have heard a lot more enjoyment from people who did not chose deception or went a more weapon focused path, but if in the intro you shoot a giant monster with a f#cking laser I should hope you could actually do that in the game, but it does not seem like that in the slightest.This game is basically if Dark Souls and Darksiders 2 had an illegitmate child that had some what characteristics from both games but played like it had a couple extra chromosomes.Overall Rating: 4/10"
76561198093145458,Recommended,265300,14427802,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,BigBlueDinosaur,"I really like this game.  As many have said, it borrows from Dark Souls, but that's not to say it's merely a copycat.  It also has tinges of Darksiders!  At any rate, it improves upon the Dark Souls model quite a bit, having more frequent checkpointing and slightly more forgiving combat makes it more playable and less punishing, but still a decent challenge.  Graphics with everything turned up are absolutely stunning, but demanding.  Enemy designs and environs are wonderfully dark, brooding and awesome.This world is alive with weather, fire, debris, flickering lights and billowing banners.  You also will interact with various NPCs that offer a decent amount of interactivity and depth.  It has more than just incidental music (although it's mostly just ambient background sound except during important events)... there are trips to a shadowy netherworld which are really quite atmospheric...  The voice acting is decent and the sound effects are bone-crushingly appropriate, as well as offering audible cues for various events (such as locking onto enemies, magic regeneration, etc.)Controls are tight, fluid and easy to use (gamepad!).  Occasionally you will have camera issues in tight spaces, but this is pretty standard for games of this type.The game also constantly rewards you with new equipment and upgrades, which helps keep you interested.  This game offers both stick and carrot, challenge and reward.Graphics: 5/5Sound: 5/5Fun: 5/5Highly recommended whether you liked Dark Souls or not.  It's a worthy melee-focused action-RPG."
76561198148586046,Recommended,265300,14393181,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Vedran360,Very nice and fun game. Really nice graphics. We need more games like this ( dark souls like I mean) and I'm hoping that they are already working on the sequel or something new.
76561198062443975,Recommended,265300,14415151,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Zoinks,"Let me start off by saying that Lords of the Fallen is a great game.The graphics are amazing and the experience is even further enhanced by impressively gritty sound effects. The combat is weighty and more complex than you may think based on whatever youtube videos or live streams you have seen. There are numerous ways to cut up your enemies, be it with an axe, sword, mace or even a bloody polesword. Combining light and heavy attacks has varying results, which is complimented by dodging and sprinting attacks.Now, there are a couple important points I'd like to make, first regarding the claims of extreme game-breaking bugs and the second to its comparison to the Dark Souls franchise.The bugs: After its release I am sure this game had numerous game breaking bugs; however I purchased the game recently and have only experienced a couple minor bugs that were fixed in a minute. I've had only had to restart the game once to fix a bug and that was because I was assumed a setting change that I had done would only work when restarting the game and it did. I am now about 10 hours into the game, 5 bosses down and have not have ONE crash. NOT ONE. So people, please start buying this game and get stuck in !Even better is its pause mechanic, which comes into play when minimizing. I have a fairly powerful gaming laptop (Lenovo Y510p), but some games do overheat such as this. When it gets hot, however, the game simply minimizes instead of crashes and when it does it PAUSES. So i have never died from an unwanted minimize.NOW - DARK SOULS...................... I can't believe the publics reaction to it being like dark souls. As someone who has beated Dark Souls and Dark Souls 2 I can easily say that this game is a treat. Yes they are similar, but that's a good thing. Lords is merely inspired by the game and it really does differ greatly. Yes it has that timing-orientated combat, the powerful monster enemies and the bosses that can crush you. But it is not Dark Souls and varies greatly. It does include some aspects of Darksiders (although I never thought I'd admit this) in terms of graphics and the fact that in Dark Souls your aim is to not get hit and its pretty easy, but in Lords of the Fallen sometimes the best strategy is to take a few hits while jumping axe swinging into the enemey because you know thats his biggest opening (the tower shield guys)First, the good:The ability to pause in game to either the home screen or your inventory. At first I thought this was a bit too much as it was something I had come to appreciate when playing Dark Souls, but then I realized how insanely irritating it was to not be able to pause in Dark Souls.Combat is powerful, complex, weighty and rewarding.Amazing current-gen graphicsGreat music and sound effectsIntricately designed areas and worldBosses that are definitely fun and well thought outLabyrinthian Diablo like dungeonsCut scenese with customizable dialouge and ""last hit kill"" cutscenes, which I felt were a niceish touchEach weapon has a unique and sick backstab actionThe bad:The bosses are sometimes too easy (e.g worshipper was great. Infiltrator was boring)Some bugsMaybe not enough 'outside' play, but there is some and its awesome.I have to go now though so i rushed this but ya BUY THIS GAME! :)Where Dark Souls says ""prepare to die"" Lords of the Fallen says ""prepare to get a lost and go crazy in a labyrinth"" which to me is great because Souls 2 didnt have nearly enough castle gameplay and in Lords you get fully submerged in the depths and dungeons of medievil Cidatels"
76561198048649198,Recommended,265300,12795287,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ghostx16,"In short:It's not worth the £30 I paid for it, bear in mind though, that's not to say it's a bad game, because it ain't.Graphics:Beautiful environments (most of the time you get to see dungeons), weather effects (not that many of them, but still a joy to look at them). Absolutely great design of a dark world at the edge of destruction, same goes for the enemies.Story:From what I've noticed there's quite a lot of people complaining that it was dull and uninteresting which I'd like to disagree with. It's not among the best ones though, so don't get your hopes too high either.Gameplay & DifficultyWhile I did not continue playing after finishing the game once, I'm pretty sure I have the right to say that this game is nowhere close to being as hard and unforgiving as Dark Souls. Boss battles... some bosses I actually didn't have to dodge or block at all, I entered enraged mode (Warrior Ability - *Rage*) and bashed the b**** to death.The game got (for me, obviously...) a bit too easy after a few hours of playing, jumping onto my enemies, killing them with one blow.It took me about (don't look at hours on record, I'm always pausing for long periods of time) 10 to 12 hours to finish the game.There's quite a lot of equipment which kind of ruins the nice feeling of finding something real powerful. First you find a set of armor, newer, better, so you put runes into it and then boom... you find something better after (not exaggerating) 10 minutes and you redo the whole armor-runing process."
76561198000698735,Recommended,265300,32690722,Posted: 23 June,all,Last Knight Down,"Not sure why all the hate for this game; I'm a DS1 fanatic and I really don't care that they used some of the Souls formula to make this game enjoyable. Emulation is the truest form of flattery; And this game has plenty to offer in terms of it's own flair and fun. The environments and special effects are really pretty. (Not optimized the best, but oh well. I'm sure there are tweaks and mods out there to help with that. Usually it runs pretty well.) The game itself plays more like a Warhammer or Gears of War type of game, where you have a lot of big bodies and have to deal a lot of damage and tank a lot of hits. The aesthetic is also very similar; It has a lot of bloom, lens flare, particle effects, slo-mo and camera shake. It feels good to play and it's got pretty decent bosses, power climb and story dialogue. Some of the lines and voice acting are hit-or-miss, but the main character's voice acting is really strong. Travel through the game is pretty linear, but there are areas where lots of paths open up at the same time. You can't sequence break the whole game, which is probably for the best; However, you can get to a boss or some loot early here and there, which feels really good. There is a lot of loot to get and most of the weapons and armor in the game feel like they are there for a reason, having their advantages and disadvantages. There are also lots of legitimately mysterious things like secret paths, gates, chests and items you'll have to figure out how to get to or come back for later, like older adventure games. The game rewards grinding with an experience modifier that climbs as you defeat enemies, so the better you get the less time you will spend grinding, especially on additional playthroughs. There's even an unlock for the other spell trees and unique items you can get for playing through new game plus. The artwork and models in the game are also really impressive. I've finished it and I can't really find anything not to like about it, besides maybe not having a customizable equipment loadout system. This is a gem the internet rejected, and if you let the negative buzz deter you, you'll only be missing out. Give LotF a go, it's a good time."
76561198130595037,Recommended,265300,32790698,Posted: 25 June,all,wolfmouse1,pretty solid game. enimies are varied and lots of weapons with upgrades and the last thing is magic ablities to cap off character gameplay.
76561198065817797,Recommended,265300,32679294,Posted: 23 June,all,eyalpatihi,good and sort gameits like Darksouls but less hoursits wotrh the money when its on a discount
,Recommended,265300,12694244,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,GodEmperor,"In Short:Game is fun for the most part. The combat takes some getting used to because it is far more sluggish/slow than those who are used to the souls series. It's a pretty neat looking ascetic overall in my opinion, but the high fantasy style that seems similar to World of Warcraft, Diablo 3, or Darksiders series is getting a bit over used. The story is nothing special, but not bad either. There's a lot of lore to find, but it's told to you in scrolls and cutscenes and such, not like the Souls series where you find items and piece the lore together yourself.There are some nit picking problems like I don't find the jump mechanic and various areas to get some loot and require a jump any fun, just frustrating, but those small issues don't detract enough from the game's over all joy. The only big problem are the crashes. As of October 30th, the game crashes way too easily and often. For those who don't have an Nvidia to do that ""fix"" (which doesn't work for everyone) you're pretty much screwed until they patch it. The other issue is the frame drops which are fairly frequent (doesn't seem optimized). I'd wholly recommend it immediately if not for the crashes and frame drops. For now, I'd say get it if you're REALLY looking for a mixture of Diablo 3/Darksiders style world and Souls style combat, but I'd hold off until they finally fix these technical problems with the game.Steam seriously needs a third option for ""Do you recommend this game"" imo, basically ""Yes, with warnings"" or something.A Bit More Depth:Bosses (far as I can tell so far after playing as long as I have) aren't anything special. They're about on par with Dark Souls 2 in terms of design (which means it falls short, imo, to Demons's and Dark Souls bosses), but they are fun fights. A bit too many humanoid enemies which is disappointing, but the different humanoid types are vastly different in attack styles and require different ways to deal with which is fun. The settings for most bosses also are pretty Dark Souls 2 from my experience, plenty of room to maneuver (nothing so far that feels like Capra demon in DkS1 where you're cramped for room to move). I'd say the only real gripe here is that some bosses have some one shot killing abilities that you won't know how to deal with immediately and that can be frustrating, but I personally don't mind it too much if there are some good cues (without being blatantly told) of how to deal with it and most do have that, some are just more subtle than others.Another really cool thing about bosses is that they have the ability to get special loot from them when you beat them in a certain way. The only downside here is that there's NOTHING to indicate what that special way would be leaving you to have to look it up online or just stumble upon the solution by dumb luck (which means you might not know exactly what caused you to get the special loot).The level design is pretty straightforward as you go through the game (not much in terms of choice of path), but when you get through the game you open up more and more paths that show how there's some interconnectivity to the overall world design. For those who loved that aspect in Dark Souls, they'll enjoy it here as they get through toward later parts of the game. It's just a bit of a pity there's no real choice in path from the start in which way to go, but it's not bad from a story telling perspective and the levels look nice enough and have a good amount of interconnectivity within themselves for side paths and short cuts and such that it's never a bother (at least to me, you might feel differently).It's a bit sad you can't customize a look for your character, but that's to be expected given how they tell the story, but what is nice is how much you can customize your character in terms of armor and weapons to use. And the fact you always carry them all on you at once makes it easy to switch weapons and gear and find what you really enjoy. While it doesn't get as punishing as a Souls game because there is a pause menu that allows you to change gear, even in combat (to a degree, not at all points, but if you haven't been attacked or not attacking for a bit, you can switch comfortably as the game is paused to let you do so), it does allow such experimentation with the different weapons that you'll appreciate it as every weapon is VERY different from one another in every way and some will adhere to a person's playstyle more than others.For example: I started as a warrior, I used a sword and shield from the start and found I wasn't enjoying it as I did with Dark our Demons's Souls. The attack felt a bit too sluggish to capitalize on brief moments of an enemy's vulnerability and even though the shield claimed 100% defense, some enemies still seemed to attack through it (at a lesser damage than if I wasn't blocking) at points (far as I can gather that's more due to their attacks being able to pierce shields, so it's by design). So I have currently gone to using a larger two handed weapon that can do ridiculous damage and/or stun/stagger the majority of enemies to get through the game. I'll only occasionally use the shield for some attacks or in clutch moments. It's still very enjoyable though.To go on more about weapons, they are also upgradable by various ""runes"" you can find in the world and from enemies and have to unlock at an NPC and place within a weapon at that NPC (who can be summoned at specific parts of the world). The weapons and armor generally have 'sockets' to place these runes. So in that case, it's very WoW/Diablo 3 in the customization of weapons and less the way Dark Souls did it. The only downside is that Runes are ""unlocked' and what you get is random. You can use some Experience points to increase the chance for higher quality runes, but that randomness is still something I don't wholly like, but that's a personal opinion.Speaking of Experience points, they are very similar to Souls in the Souls games. They are your everything. You use it to unlock your magical abilities and they are used to unlock runes and they are used to gain points to be placed into specific attributes. In this way, it's a lot like the Souls games which I like. The more you spend into the points the higher the cost it is to get the point to spend for your attributes. The attributes are Strength, Vitality, Endurance, Faith, Luck, and Agility. For the most part, what each does is straight forward. Strength increases damage for larger weapons (and some small increases to equip burden), Vitality increases your HP s you can take more hits, Endurance is your energy/stamina (as well as equip burden), Faith is your magic/mp, Luck increases drop rates, and Agility is increased damage for smaller weapons and I think also equip burden, but I can't remember (haven't done anything with Agility yet). You can place points freely.You'll also need to spend experience points to get points to put into magic. Magics come in 3 types. Brawling, Deception, and Solace. You choose one at the start of the game and can't use the others at all for your first play through (I've read and heard that in NG+ you unlock a second tree and in NG++ you unlock the final tree). To go into each tree will be a bit too long with the characters I have left, but they are fairly unique from one another, but you'll never have a magic only character like in the Souls games.All in all, the game is fun and has some nice adjustments to the Souls systems (like the timing/combo system or the 'blood pools' that contains your expedience on death being able to heal you if you stay near it, but draining the experience in it, etc), but is not at all like the Souls in its overall presentation. It's a good game that's only really marred by the crippling frame rates at points and the endless crashes."
,Recommended,265300,13127826,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Pump Action Poodle,"Okay. In order to truly get a good idea on what Lords of the Fallen is like, we need to look to a game called ""Dark Souls"" to explain it's gameplay. LotF sets out to be difficult from the get go, forcing the player into positions where patience is rewarded over arrogance. This would be decent enough, if not for the severe lack of content, or seeming lack of it. The game seems to suffer from a major pacing issue, and atmosphere issue, that Dark Souls does not. While Lords takes a lot of it's inspiration from the Souls series, from it's combat, to it's attempt (but ultimate failure) at recreating the frustratingly hard difficulty level of Souls, to it's story; it doesn't bring the atmosphere of severe hopelessness, and the feeling of just barely being able to trudge along into the next area of the game. The Warrior is capable of tanking so many blows it's just way too easy, the Cleric does way too much damage right out of the gate, and the Rogue is way too quick for his own good.That being said, the game is fun, it's just not what you've probably heard. It's easier than Dark Souls, way more forgiving, in a world that is attempting to recreate a hopeless environment and ultimately fails, making you feel like a total ♥♥♥♥ing badass instead of a total ♥♥♥♥ing pushover, but it's fun. I'll recommend it to anyone who enjoys their time with RPGs.For a number? How about 7/10. Solid, but could easily improve."
76561198082656958,Recommended,265300,33059249,Posted: 30 June,all,FuzzY,"I haven't played any Souls game cause their damn expensive and I heard Lords of the Fallen was a similar game (a budget souls game to be precise) and boy was I right in buying the game.Pretty amazing visuals , the armor and weapon sets are well designed , a fairly decent story and amazing gameplay.Though a few downside, namely the bugs (which are pretty few) and how easy the boss fights become later.8.5/10 would play the sequel."
,Recommended,265300,14224310,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Seba91cl,"Awesome game, try to get it on a sale though, it is a little overpriced.Didn't have any issues with the game, beautiful graphics and nice playability, really like the resemblance to Dark Souls, that gives the game a ""familiar"" feel. Really great atmosphere. The only ""con"" is that the scenery is repetitive, the whole game develops in like 3 or 4 places."
,Recommended,265300,33733286,Posted: 22 July,all,L33tM0us3,"Lords Of The Fallen? More likeLORDS OF THE CRASHEDSeriously, crashes a lot, the patch t o fix these crashes was promised in 2014, I see they haven't figured out anything yet.It looked promissing untill these crashes.u-n-p-l-a-y-a-b-leQuadCore Intel CPU & GTX 107016GB DDR4 3200 RAMEDIT: TRY USING LOWER GRAPHICAL SETTINGS TO GET IT TO WORK."
,Recommended,265300,13763223,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Varangian Guard,"This game is really interesting. I get a fair deal of fun with a low price.The game looks like Dark Souls with better KB+M controls.The game looks like a clone of DS, but improved for PC.Good points- game is very fun, have an original, yet simplistic story. If you have a good computer you can run it 60fps with all physx effects, which are very nice. I really emjoyed mechanics and art.Bad points- Bugs, mainly the crashes. The game was developed with nvidia colaboration, yet the game apresents a lot of crashes on a fully updated 980 gtx. There are minor bugs, but the crashes may or may not happen, and some times like when you are stocking xp for the multiplier, bang crash.The enviroment and scenario is pretty much the same, there is the monastery and other world. I would like to see a more expansive enviroment (and somewhat longer game) but its okay."
,Recommended,265300,21575983,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Kaladin,"The GRAPHICS are AMAZING. The shaking camera got on my nerves a few times but overall it wasnt an issue.The SOUND was GREAT. Very well done, a couple sound glitches, but no big deal.The STORY was PRETTY GOOD. I really liked the way they told me what to do next. I like how they kept things moving along. I'm sure there is a lot of lore here if you spend the time. I didn't but I appreciated what I did listen too.The COMBAT was MEH... I am a stickler for good combat and expected more. The combat was enjoyable, but playing as a sword and shield strength rogue. It just felt like a bad Dark Souls. The game claims to use poise but stacked it and didn't see the effects ( couldnt break enemies attacks), i'd successfully parry and by the time my animation stopped the rohgar had recovered. The entire combat came down to: Bait then too attack and dodge/block it, You attack once or twice, Rince repeat. And for anything that had mechanics to stop that I simply used Stab, waited for it to refill, repeat. I was able to first try all but 2 bosses in the game. That shouldn't happen in a game like this.If you like Dark Souls or similar - DON'T EXPECT DARK SOULS - it's a VERY different experience!Verdict = If you can get this game under 30$ USD ( I got it on sale for 10$) GET IT! I enjoyed it all the way through and really felt the urge to roll on through new game+ ( I won't, but because I wan't to play different games)"
,Recommended,265300,14318896,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,ancient200,This game is demonicaly great.So many challenge and tons of weapon to try out...
,Recommended,265300,35161033,Posted: 23 September,all,dat92kid,"Ignore the people that try to run this game on potato PC. Phycis and particle effects are awesome in this game,although you can disable them in the options. Game looks fantastic. Story-line is pretty good and will keep you interested. I just finished the game with my rogue,I played for couple of acts on NG+ (new game+,there is also new game++) but now I made a warrior,because heavy armors look amazing and 2-handed weapons look even better. Buy this game while its on 80%,its worth every cent.Edit : I just finished the game with the warrior (was much easier than rogue) and currently playing NG+ with him.Still loads of fun and new items even this is my 3rd gameplay."
76561198043543578,Recommended,265300,14176916,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Jesus Maria Lobos,Ebens
,Recommended,265300,20484892,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,DarrokSS,Very good thing for those who doesn't have PS4 & Bloodborne
,Recommended,265300,14048176,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,SmoothOperator,"Lords of the Fallen is the first ""Souls game"" I ever finished and I do not regret it one bit.It’s a bit more forgiving than the Souls games and perhaps the balance is not as immaculate at different stages of the game, but it makes up for by the share amount of fun it brings to the table and by the much lighter atmosphere is has.The game world has more colours in it, the story telling is more straight forward and level design I found enjoyable although there were a few moments where I briefly felt lost and missed a map.I enjoyed looking for the secret areas in the game, the crafting of weapons, the reward system for not saving.What I wold have liked to see in the game is a little more enemy variety in terms of tactics. Both for the regular baddies and for bosses as half way through the game I found myself just jump-bashing most enemies which got a little repetitive despite being quite fun.The mages provided a little variety (especially spirits) causing me to actually swap weapons but that was basically it.The bosses played out pretty much  similarly as well, just wait for the boss to pull off an attack with the longest cool down and strike him a few times and then retreat (repeat until dead). So little adjustments there would come a long way.The story as such is pretty straight forward with a few alternative endings. I did like the ending but would have liked to see some more meaningful choices in the game and reflections of those choices in the end. But for an action RPG this is fine.In total, I find the low metascores quite unjust. It’s a very fun title with enjoyable gameplay and solid mechanics. The soundtrack is excellent and the graphics are fabulous.In my book, this game is 80/100"
76561198089049845,Recommended,265300,16424080,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,sanaah77,i know this game is standing in dark souls shadow but dont knock it. its visually impressive and almost as hard as the souls series. definietly worth a play and buy.
,Recommended,265300,12681983,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Royer,"I was enjoying the game,it was nice,then Lordsofthefallen.exe crashed."
,Recommended,265300,30465879,Posted: 12 March,all,nandasithu,"A lot of negative reviews come from frustration of players. This is true in this game. You die a lot, more so than compared to Dark Souls. Yes the comparison is always there, but this game has its unique points to differentiate from Souls and Bloodborn series. First of, Lords of the Fallen has solid and somewhat compact storyline. Second, the map itself is not that big after you finish your first playthrough. Lastly, this is more of a story driven RPG game, you will be appreciated at the end with the choices you made throughout the game.Now on the bad points of the game, the camera system is frustrating. I don't know how many times I've died just because I cannot face to the enemy or my character somehow facing the wall while wildly swing sword. This happens mostly in narrow corridor and dungeon, so most open area fights are no problem. Next on the voice acting. For a story driven game, I would expect some form of good voice acting. But alas, the main character voice is so dry, I don't know if he is speaking just making grunts. Lastly, the game punishes you for choosing speed focus characters. If you are planning to play Rouge and sneak up enemy from behind, just forget about it. The game wants you to be heavy fat guy with shield on and walk slowly like obese person.Overall, this game is not perfect but don't expect to be like Souls series or Bloodborn. Don't expect RPG like Skyrim or Dragon Age either. This game is really for niche audiences. Most will definitely hate it coz you die in the first two fights of the game. Just like Dark Souls series, if you look past all these negative points, at the end the experience is rewarding and I, myself enjoyed it. But this is not the game that I will come back to replay from time to time."
76561198153646114,Recommended,265300,12826485,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,.X.,very cool game kinda a new breed diablo ...kinda
,Recommended,265300,13615015,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sir,"I never really liked the Dark Souls saga... But Lords of the Fallen impressed me. I have played for 3 hours and I enjoyed it. Works like charm, no crashes or low frame rate / drop at the time. I recommend it for those who want a slow paced adventure with beatiful weapons / armors and ambientation."
76561197970274359,Recommended,265300,12822296,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Quel,"I had never heard of this game, just bought it on impulse because it looked so good.  Best buy I've done all year, so far I've had 40+ hours of pure RPG action madness fun.The game has a very steep learning curve. and is damn hard in the start but once you master your character and understand the xp system & save system & weight system; it's fantastic.  Hope these guys make more.   I see some people complain about bugs, I haven't seen anything in 40+ hours playtime that I don't see in every other game out there.Be prepared to die a lot the first 5-6 hours, be prepared to figure things out, nothing is explained properly and the manual is total crap so you need to try things or do research, it's just the way it is.  Take it as a challenge, don't whine about it.  Once you get proper control and figure out when to use what weapons, stances, etc you're gonna have a blast.Graphics 12/10Gameplay 9/10Sound ??/10  (spotify, find some manowar)Story -10.000.000/10 (but who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ really)"
,Recommended,265300,13663898,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TSC Aleksandrov,"Pros- Great Combat- Fun Gameplay- Cool enemies and environments- Cool spells and stuff- Challenging at times- Enemies are all very different and they require different ways to kill them and special tactics sometimesCons- Seriously awful VO and acting- Crappy and boring storyline- Boss fights are all the same, a big circular area with a difficult enemy in the middle- The weak and rubbish humans which you've been helping because they are so bad at fighting the rhogar are suddenly your enemy and they are the hardest ones in the game to fight...- The whole rune system seemed awesome, but it hardly ever needed to be used...- I found a decent weapon half way through the game and nothing ever better came along :/- Armour sets are all too similar and don't feel special or cool in anyway possible.- Not enough decent weapons to choose from- Levelling up becomes too difficut and feels like it doesn't really add much in the end, seperating spell levels and attribute levels is stupid because in order to level spells past a certain point you have to level up your faith attribute points which is just stupid.I recommend this game for the awesome and fun combat system and gameplay, but don't hold out for the story and just skip all cut scenes where there is talking since it is just cringey. Just kill what the game throws at you and explore areas and you'll have fun."
,Recommended,265300,13808114,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Silas,"Don't let your decision wether to buy this game be influenced by the ""Mixed"" status of the user reviews. Most of the bad reviews are not actually about the game, they are rage reviews by people who experienced crashes and technical issues that have for the most part been solved in recent patches and will be addressed further in patches to come. I and many others can play this game without any problems. It's just that customers who are content with a product are much less likely to write a review about it than discontent ones. I just wanted to bring a little balance to that.The game is often accused of being a Dark Souls ripoff. That's not entirely false, but it doesn't really cover what this game is. Lords of the Fallens approach to combat is basically copied from Dark Souls with a few subtle differences you will only notice after playing for a while ... and why not? Hardly any game did combat as good as Dark Souls did. And that's where the similarities end. The level design, the approach to character progression and a few other things, like UI and so forth, all that is new in Lords of the Fallen. It's still inspired by other games, like Darksiders, but most games we love build on concepts other games have introduced in the past, don't they?Another famous argument against this game: ""It is too slow"". In fact, it's not that much slower than Dark Souls. People just tend to start the game in the heavy tanking warrior kind of starting gear, which is full plate armor, and they think that's the pace of the game. As a rogue you can roll and sprint and jump all over the place in absolutely sufficient speed, believe me.The most important thing to me is that Lords of the Fallen is fun to play! It's modern in all the parts, where being old school doesn't bring any benefit: presentation, controls, interface ... but it's old school wherever it's important: the challenge, telling you only the basics and letting you figure out the rest, lots of secrets! Yes, it has a few design flaws: there's one particular move in the shield + one-handed moveset that allows for exploitation so that most enemies can be beaten effortlessly. That's Something the developers definitely have to nerf in a future patch. Boss fights are not as varied as in Darksiders or Dark Souls, though still fun an challenging they feel somewhat repetitive. Also there are neither the dramatic dialogues Darksiders had nor the intriguing lore of Lordran (Dark Souls), but what people tend to forget to mention in reviews is how much fun they had playing: I had tons of it.Objectively I have to admit that this is inferior to both Dark Souls and Darksiders, but in fact I feel much more like playing Lords of the Fallen most of the time, than I feel like playing Dark Souls. Lords gives the same challenges and emotional rewards for beating them without being as overwhelming. This game is pretty good at tying you to the computer: ""Gotta get back my experience points after dying"", ""gotta beat this boss"", ""gotta hunt loot Diablo-style"", ""gotta find the secret way to this area over there"", ""gotta find the key to this door/chest"", ""gotta grind me a new level up"", ""oh I heard I get a unique armor/weapon when I do this while fighting that enemy"", and so forth. It does this no worse that Dark Souls or Darksiders and I got to say it looks better while doing it.Important info: Although the combat works much better with mouse and keyboard than in any Dark Souls game, you're still much better off with a gamepad. In fact you can add an XBox 360 controller to the requirement list.So TL;DR, this is my thumbs up for a great, challenging Action-RPG that is best described as a blend of Dark Souls and Darksiders, with minor flaws but lots of fun to be had.Goodbye."
,Recommended,265300,13683152,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Barr,Did you like to use the Havel's Armor set in Dark Souls? Well this is the game for you!
,Recommended,265300,13927222,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Trivvy™,"A technically inferior, but shinier Dark Souls.I'll put it simply, the game's fun, and it looks great, but there's a few things that irritate me and not in the way that Dark Souls irritates you because it's difficult.This game is difficult because of the choices made in some game mechanics, as well as small bugs that turn into big problems.One such bug is enemies turning around to instantly face you if you manage to flank them, completely negating the tactic in the first place. I'm talking about the no-animation, teleport-y kind of turning around, allowing them to immediately attack you again without giving you an opening to attack them without being hit yourself.It's also too easy to get stunlocked to death by groups of enemies. Sure, it's more ""realistic"" if one knock to the ground can immediately mean your death due to multiple enemies being able to still attack/hurt you when you're in a helpless position, but it's not at all fun, or indeed fair. If you die in Dark Souls, you know it's your fault, and you know what you can do to prevent it from happening next time. Further to the point, if you get swarmed by a group, your first instinct would be to retreat and take them on in a more tactical sense, right? In LotF it only takes a nudge for you to get stunlocked enough to suddenly get surrounded, and then you're done for, as there are no i-frames when rolling.In LotF, you're forced to play tanky and take hits, as going the light route is simply a massive handicap, due to dodging not being as refined as in Dark Souls. So a lot of the time it's luck as to whether you're going to win a fight or not, or whether the enemy you're fighting is going to poise straight through your well-timed heavy and land you on your♥♥♥♥♥for a grizzly death. So a lot of the time you're relying on your health and defense in order to survive such things, and hopefully dole out more damage to them than they can to you.Despite this, I would recommend LotF, just don't expect to be able to play like you can in Dark Souls, and don't expect the kind of well-crafted mechanics or indeed interesting lore/characters that Dark Souls is known for. Play tanky, get mad when faced with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, have fun when not."
,Recommended,265300,12813989,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Krogan,"If you like souls games, you'll like this. If you play games for voice acting, though...Then again, why are you playing a genre like this for voice acting?"
,Recommended,265300,13743263,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,PancakesZA,"I absolutely adore this game, I find it better than the soul series, not just from a graphical perspective but from over all combat and combo's of weapons, shields and gauntlet. The game had its fair share of issues at launch but I haven't had a single crash or issue, also no bugs to speak of. I can't help but feel that some of the people complaining just don't understand how games like the Souls series and Lords of the Fallen are meant to be played and as such its a frustrating experience for them because they die constantly lolEpic game!!"
,Recommended,265300,13638148,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MFratane,"I really enjoyed this game, forget all previous reviews about this and just play. I'm a big fan of Dark Souls 2, and this game is very similar to it, but has some things that makes it unique and, of course, very difficult.I think it's a American version of Dark Souls."
76561198166072616,Recommended,265300,25594252,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,DeadlyTouch,Nice game with good graphics.Not the best game i played but i really enjoyed playing it .I will recommend to buy this game just don't expect for a masterpiece.8/10 .
,Recommended,265300,16182327,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Arkata,"I've had some issues with crashing but fortunately they seem to have been resolved by the developer.The game plays like a heavy Dark Souls with a Warhammer aesthetic.I'm a big fan of the art direction in this game. I really love the massive armor and weapons. Almost everything in the game looks sharp and very angry.The combat is slow and clunky but it feels so good. Combat feedback is on point. Definitely on the same level as Torchlight 2, CoD, and Dishonored. It's very satisfying when you block, dodge, or connect an attack on an enemy and I really love it.Story is meh. Not really feeling the main cast or lore. Also, I feel like I get lost in this game more than I do in any other game.Still pretty good though and I'm looking forward to a more polished sequel."
76561198047275353,Not Recommended,265300,26704350,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SirNotlag,"The game itself isnt bad... not as good as dark souls but still fun and not bad.The reason I am not recomending it is cause its not playable, at least on my system got probably about 40% throught he game and ran into a spot where it just kept crashing and i couldnt get past. Sooo... yeah felt like a complete waste of my time."
,Recommended,265300,22300609,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Senjougahara,"Overall a great game.The combat is darksoulish although i like the animations more , they don´t look so cheap.The Story is kind of meh and cliche , you get to take few decisions on your path like kill that or let it live etc.The world is ... pretty small. Finished the game in about 23 h with dlc , compared to DS1/2 around 100h w/o dlc.  You will find yourself circling around the same areas again and again when you literally have to visit several areas multiple times due to story or rewards . Also has NG+On the other hand you can level up on every checkpoint.An interesting feature is that the more you kill without visiting checkpoint ,you will get a experience multiplierOh and the game has a lot of performance issues like HELL LOT of fps drops on a high end rig.Well It´s an enjoyable game if it were longer ,less forcen dialogs and more optimalization.Also those big shielded ♥♥♥♥♥♥s are just pure cancer when you start."
,Not Recommended,265300,35210381,Posted: 25 September,all,SneakyJoe.ru,This is a bad game. Shield dancing simulator. I regret every about each cent spent on this. Rogues won't work at all. Only tanks will be able to play.
76561198044442401,Recommended,265300,29402764,Posted: 21 January,all,goultysoul,"I don't know why this game gets so much hate. This is a pretty decent and challenging game. I know there is not much variation of enemies and the story is weak, but who cares? I mean, the story isn't everithing with these kind of games. This is a Souls kinda game, but those who played the souls series before this, are the most disappointed ones, because the fights and the bosses are a bit slower, and easier, compare to the souls games, but this isn't Dark Souls! This is Lords of the Fallen. If you want to play Dark Souls, then play the Dark Souls (great game too by the way) and quit bi***ing around here.I recommend this to anybody who want some challenge and fun, because i think this is a great game."
,Recommended,265300,33809336,Posted: 26 July,all,⇝ Lykster ⇜,"Dark Souls rip-off?So I am still fighting my way through this heavily Dark Souls inspired game but to be quite fair I am unsure as to how many more hours I want to put into this game.The plot of the game is straight forward. You play as Harkyn, a criminal who was freed from prison (I suppose) to save the world, big surprise huh?The world is pestered with a sort of demon like enemy called Rhogars. The plot of the game is aspiring to be something greater but doesn't exactly manage it, sadly. Of course one thing the plot got right was the interesting small scrolls you can find here and there. Meaning the lore of the game is quite interesting and unlike Dark Souls, it is served to you on a plate.The game is beautiful and the landscapes are what takes the prize. I was surprised over the the comic-like design of the armor (and I am not sure what I think about it). The armor designs look great and makes you believe you're back playing Darksiders og Diablo. Armor = less ""prepare to die"" < ""lets kick some♥♥♥♥♥quot;.The combat system is as expected almost just like Dark Souls aside from how you use your consumables etc.Now that I mentioned Darksiders and Diablo?The looting system is equal to that of Diablo (you loot items that gets better and better).The swords and axe system is hack 'n' slash exactly like Darksiders.Also on a final note; you die? You have to go back and retrieve your XP. Lmao...No, but to be fair I actually quite like the game. Its nice and the combat is relaxing (Don't expect the difficulty of Dark Souls).I recommend the game because aside from the inspiration from mainly Dark Souls, it really is a fun game."
76561198063681472,Recommended,265300,32703336,Posted: 23 June,all,gaelicus,"This game is a simplified introduction to the ""Dark souls"" genre. The combat is simplified and the fights are way more forgiving than in the soul games, but still a lot of fun. The choice of the intial class does not really matter: The games gives enough experience points to pursue any builds, no matter the starting point. Magic skills (including the gauntlet weapon) become (too) quickly very powerful. Of course, you do not need to use those, if you are looking for a challenge.Overall fights are fun, maybe a little bit repetitive. The world is very small when compared to the ""souls"" games. The ending (no spoilers) is a bit underwhelming. The games is short. The DLC is not very interesting: I played it once during the first playthrough, but then I just skipped it. The story is serviceable.Overall, I would recommend this games as long as you do not expect a challenge at the level of the souls series. It is a fun game. Definitely worth buying during a promotion."
,Recommended,265300,13679162,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Cayden Black,"It took a lot of work to make this game run, but at long last I have made the dam thing work.I've played it for a fair few hours now and I honestly enjoy it. It has the aesthetics I believe look downright delicious. I still believe it was a bad workmanship that the game has had such a damming amount of issues on release, but at least it seems they are indeed working on these issues unlike so many other developers.Though the story is, in my honest opinion, very poorly portrayed by a rather stale character of Harken (his emotional mindset seems to be stuck on 'meh'). The cutscenes could have been far better too, but none the less it is still entertaining to play.The 3 character archetypes are nice (I have chosen warrior myself) and its superb you are not limited to using gear but will be penalised for not having the right build for it (endurence 12 for example) is fair in my opinion. Gear feels like it matters and I like that.All in all I recommend if your interested, check out some gameplay videos before making a verdict but if you like it, then yea I'd say money well spent."
76561197999356201,Not Recommended,265300,35133194,Posted: 22 September,all,Imkhashi,"Great artwork and conceptHorrible combat system, possibly the worst everIncredibly unstable, random CTDs abound. On the Keeper DLC alone I had over 30 crashesBuy it deeply discounted or not at all. Its good enough to play for free but expect a lot of frustration, and not because of difficulty so much as terrible hit detection and so many crashes that you can easily expect the game to take 4x-5x longer because of the constant reloading and rerunning areas.And if youre playing as a faith based class, get used to using the same weapon forever. Ive only seen 3 weapons that use faith in the 40 or so Ive looted. All the rest are strength and agility. As the cleric you will be close to unkillable 90% of the time once you max out your godmode spell but you will be bored 100% of the time assuming you dont crash because you will be using the same weapon for 60 levels or so."
,Recommended,265300,14632967,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,IronCross2160,"*In Progress Review*Lords of the Fallen, so far, has provided me with a more accessible version of Dark Soul's famously hard gameplay.  To be fair to each game, I will try to keep comparisons to a minimum, and to judge the game by its own merits and issues.To be concise I will divide this review into two sections.  Let me begin with things I enjoy about it:- Lords does do one or two things that, personally, I think they did better than Dark Souls.  The enemy AI is more varied and a bit more defensive.  Their move sets tend to control your character's motions and mechanics, as opposed to just hurting you.- I like the setting of Lords of the Fallen.  Post-apocalyptic fantasy is one of my favorites, as it's a combination of two genres I really enjoy.- Lords also is a very pretty game, I really like the design and aesthetics of it.  Mostly since I enjoy gothic stylings in my games, and Lords delivers that much in spades.  From Harkyn's armor, to the enemy designs, to the locales; all of it just drips dark fantasy.- Lords is challenging without being too challenging, you won't die as much in Lords as you would in a Dark Souls.  If you keep getting killed generally it means you just should not be wherever you are yet.  The game is gated by ""Meat Walls"" as opposed to obstructions, for instance locked doors.  Though those do occur as well.- Lords has an incredible inertia to the combat.  The weapons feel hefty, the strikes of the enemies feel powerful.  At times Lords is on-point with the combat, and you feel awesome about the results of an encounter.  The timing-based nature of combat is also a welcome adition.Now to things I'm not as fond of:- Lords needs a bit of polish, especially in just fine tuning the combat.  Occasionally you'll have a strike that should have hit, but did not.  This is just a minor sort of thing, and doesn't detract too much from the overall experience.- The lore in Lords is very flimsy.  Its there, and what's there is good, it just doesn't feel like there is enough of it.  The world is more sketched out than fleshed out.  However; the story is serviceable, and is good compared to a wide berth of games.- It seems that the Strength build is the most viable one, or at least the most easily accessible.  I'm about halfway through on a Strength run, and I dipped my toes in as a Dexterity build.  It didn't seem to be as effective.  However; I will not say any absolutes on this point, since I plan on going through the game again with a different build to test it out.Overall I recommend this game if Dark Souls caught your interest, but you can't get past the difficulty.  However; after playing through this, I recommend you give Dark Souls a try as well."
76561198021308169,Recommended,265300,28365117,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shovel Lover,"In the grimdark world of Warhammer/Souls Series rip-offs, there is only Lords of the Fallen.A little janky, but not terrible. It's worth a play, if you can get it on sale or something."
76561198007566714,Recommended,265300,26316294,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Baltarog,I bougth the Game of the year edition for 6.59 $ canAt that price it way more worth it then buying the generic AAA 80 $ gamesThe Graphic stand their ground.The Soundtrack push you foward.I look foward for the story ( in 90 min of gameplay my character had many decision to make. )Boss encounter are always epic ( if you remove the gameplay part )The Gameplay is not the best I have ever seen but it still enjoyable.The game is a must buy at that price !
,Recommended,265300,12690228,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,OneirosDreaming,"Adds some interesting things to the Souls type game. Combat is, well, plodding is the best term I can think of, especially early on. It doesn't have the mysterious feel of the world like you get in a Souls game. Lack of multiplayer seems like it will hurt replayability, though the light/medium/heavy combat styles with the three flavors of magic are different enough they may be worth trying out.I do have an issue, as other's have mentioned, with the attack window. The larger enemies are too adept at bringing up their shield and spinning around, and so the opportunity to attack feels really small, and can get frustating at times.A number of people have had crashing issue, but I have yet to see one. Runs fine on high with my R9 270X.Overall, it's a worthy effort and there is fun to be had, but it may be one to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,265300,14324006,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,blacksun.956,too short..
,Not Recommended,265300,26652314,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dbloob,"Lords of The Crashin'Every time I decide i'm gonna give it a go..it takes less than 20 mins to crash (EVERY F*CKING TIME!).Running this on i7 5820K, GTX 980 and 32 GB."
,Recommended,265300,12839411,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Omeron,"first and foremost if you want to play the genre but arnt ready for dark souls this is a good starting place. It has all the elements of the dark souls series except ranged weapons, which in my opinion was good as range often made dark souls much easier, so this is kind of forced melee learning if you arnt used to it. this game is as advertised, its an easier dark souls game. This game also simplifies a lot of the dark souls non-combat mechanics such as weapons and armors dont get upgrades, but instead they have runes that can be unsocketed and resocketed as many times as you want. experience is also simplified as  you can dump all your xp at save points so that you dont drop it on death. now for my negatives about it... the game itself crashed on me 5 times, causing me to redo things (such as bosses). almost all of the bosses had some gimmick that you needed to learn in order to beat them making bosses and the occasional ledge the only ways i died. after i finished the game i looked at how other people beat some of those bosses, and apparently i missed 75% of the health potions in the game(and i still beat the game without dying more than twice to the same boss). due to gimmicks there were a few bosses that didnt feel like bosses, but instead just enemies with extra health. this game is short, if i didnt have to redo parts due to crashes my playthrough would have been about 10 hours, however if you are new the the genre this could be much longer. i also have a few issues with the combat, mainly about shields. In the souls series you can attack immediately after a block, and enemies follow the same rules as the player. In this game however there is a lag between blocking and attacking, but the enemies dont follow this rule leading to shield enemies blocking your attacks then immediately attacking you back. In dark souls 2 they addressed this problem by replacing the kick with a shield break attack, however even though this game is mechanically similar to dark souls they didnt add it in. Due to all the sheild enemies and the sheild mechanics not working the same for the player i ended up just 2 handing  weapons with lots of poise. This poise allowed me to take a hit or two while i bashed on their shield a few times causing them to recoil which allowed me to actually hit them. I didnt do any backtracking or farming, nor did i look anything up, and i say this because early on i felt like my weapons were way too weak. finding a good weapon really made a huge difference. i complain about this because you are supposed to have a choice with weapons. In dark souls weapons are a preference based on your attributes, but two weapons of the same type will do similar damage, however in this game i got a sword off the first boss and compared to the sword i ended with it dealt five times less damage. the weapons dont appear to be balanced off stats, but rather where you are in the game which allows enemies to scale poorly. the enemies in one area might die in one hit, while the enemies in another area might die in ten hits. the armors in the game also scaled weirdly as large jumps in poise and armor wernt matched with large jumps in weight. there were some medium armors that after being socketed were just better than heavy armor found in the same area. the game give you a gauntet to cast ranged shots at the cost of mana, but i found that after i got a ranged class spell i pretty much stopped using it as the class spell was just hands down better. lastly there were times that enemies attacked or shot through walls leading to taking extra that i wasnt expecting. i might play through this game again, but im going to wait a while and see if they fix the crashing bugs and some of the attacking through walls bugs. so if you havent bought this game yet, but want to eventually, wait for it to go on sale at a later time, minimally after the crashing bugs have been fixed."
76561198001516324,Recommended,265300,12842618,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,crvs,"If you pay for what you ""see"" - it's worth it. But if you seek for a long journey - there's no long jorney. Game is short, most of the time you spend looking for ""what the **** do i supposed to do next?!"" I still do recommend this game, but imho - price must be lowered for about 20-30%."
,Recommended,265300,20374104,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SciBear,"A great introduction to the Soul-type games.  A little more forgiving, but also won't hold your hand.  Looks beautiful too"
,Recommended,265300,12844122,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ToOkieMoNstZA,"Great game, looks good, feels good, therefore is good in my book ;) Difficult at times, but once you pick up a pattern that works things change. wouldnt mind more content for the game though ;P"
76561197991545320,Not Recommended,265300,20021380,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,qsellers,"Listen, the gameplay is fun and I really enjoy the combat mechanics. However, it might just be me, but I fought that god damn first boss for 30 god damn minutes and there was no amount of dodging or blocking that would save me from that guy beating the living crap out of me, I never even got him under 75%. All I am asking for IS A GOD DAMN DIFFICULTY SETTING!!!! Oh and BTW, over 100 games bought on steam, this is the first one that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off enough to leave a review, so yay for me finally posting a review."
,Not Recommended,265300,12912847,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Socialist Blacksmith,Performance issues are absolutely ridiculous. Don't even bother until they get that fixed. Just play Dark Souls until then.
,Not Recommended,265300,12914681,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,thaumetopoeidae,Random crashes to desktop ( Unplayable until all bugs fixed (
,Recommended,265300,12959404,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Vereor n0x,"It's a really good Dark Souls Clone. If you love Dark Souls you should check Lords of the Fallen.It's hard.Same Combat System then in Dark SoulsBetter Graphics than Dark SoulsNot as hard as dark souls, but still extremely difficultDark Souls World is bigger.At all i still prefer a Dark Souls but for a Clone, it's really awesome!I'm looking forward to Lords of the Fallen 2. I think it will be so beasty!"
,Recommended,265300,22852880,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,DeadlyKiŦŦen,"Diet Dark Souls for those that adore STR weapons.Overall of less quality but they almost completely recreated that Souls magic, still missing a few important things."
76561198259631646,Not Recommended,265300,35115357,Posted: 21 September,all,Magnonamous,"This game has some serious problems that cannot be fixed with learning. While you get used to dealing with these problems they never go away and are very annoying. Some enemies turtle behind a sheild indefinetly and also have instant stuns which you cannot dodge or recover from afterwards giving them free damage. Other enemies constantly attack with only a few moments in between.Back stabs on this game are atrocious. Many of the enemies are far too big and have long lasting complex animations that make it close to impossible to backstab. And some enemies are actually impossible to backstab making the mechanic seem almost useless.Weapons seem very clunky just like every thing else. Many weapons are very slow and near impossible to use while other weapons of the same exact class and weight are light as a feather by comparison. No matter how much you level up some weapons are just useless due to their slow speed. While there is a poise system in the game most enemies seem to be exempt from it leaving the kick attack completely useless.To sum it all up, do not pay full price for this game. Wait until its like Six bucks or so. I would not even spend 10 to 15 dollars to be honest. But really this game is not the worst, but it just feels like they tried to cash in on the Souls series and failed miserably.EDIT: Ok, after playing around eight more hours of this game I just had to edit my reveiw. Sadly this game gets much worse after about 10 hours of gameplay. The boss areas are used multiple times and are really just pathetic fights. There are bosses that literally do the same three moves over and over. Really everything about this game is terrible.DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE FOR ANY PRICE.I know it is tempting but dont. This game is no frustrating because it is hard, its frustrating because the game sucks. Back stabs are useless, animations feel like a two year old created them and so on."
76561198067851126,Recommended,265300,20102936,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dread Baron Beardly,"I held off a long time for a major sale due to the bad rep this game got and the comparisons as an inferior Dark Souls. Thing is, I never really got that into Dark souls though I played both of them. I AM really into this game. I actually like it better than dark souls! It has a more cohesive story, I like the controls, it looks better, and it is hard but not QUITE as hard as DS. I say give this one a shot!"
,Recommended,265300,20845466,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,DeusJGer,"Do you like Dark Souls? Well it really doesn't matter, becasue LOTF is awesome per se.It has gorgeous graphic, heck it has THE best visuals I have ever seen among all ARPGs. Everything is beautifully rendered. Every weapon or armour is easily distinguished. The BGM is also great with tons of epic feels. The combat is ""well-paced"", meaning you cannot just smashing buttons and hope to kill everything in your way. Be patient and strike only when there's a window after enemies finish their attack comboes.Overall I'd say it's one of the most underrated games in recent years. After all previous patches, I encountered no bugs or crashes during my 20 hrs playthrough. City Interactive has a record of publishing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games, but this one really turns the tide for them. I hope devs can keep the good work.8.5/10 ; recommend buy for anyone who likes ARPG."
,Recommended,265300,32900203,Posted: 27 June,all,Decerto,Kicks me in my♥♥♥♥♥
76561198108766637,Recommended,265300,26607807,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,BananaGore,"Awesome game. Challenging, rewarding and with a great combat similar to souls games but with faster response times and great choice in magic.+ Visuals+ Gameplay- Sound design"
,Recommended,265300,22491688,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Papier-Mache Mephistopheles,"This game is a Dark Souls-alike with a much better PC port.  Keyboard and mouse controls feel nice.  While it may not measure up to the original, it is much more accessable to a PC audience.  If you are anything like me and suck with a controller, this game is a worthy alternative.  At the time of writing this, the game seems very stable and performs well, with some graphical tweaking to run at 60 FPS on my system.Bottom line: a fun and challenging entry into an emerging genre."
76561198032567318,Not Recommended,265300,12883748,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Noodleboy,"I would love to play it, but it never get's past the opening screen. Not even the animation to who made the game, the dang thing just turns the screen black then crashes. I've restarted my pc, and uninstalled then reinstalled this game. Still no dice. So at the moment, NO don't get this."
,Recommended,265300,35197636,Posted: 24 September,all,mgdtomcat,Fantastic Graphics. fun game play. Plays like dark souls; if you like that... you'll like this!
,Recommended,265300,12822792,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Sugarlips,"Really fun and challenging. Huge Bosses, Nice graphics,And NO crashes for me, everything okay C:"
,Recommended,265300,12840024,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,DeadTomGC,"No, it's not as good as dark souls... But the reason you are here is because you like Dark Souls combat and progression.This implements something similar to Dark Souls 1's combat and progression system, but personally, I think they've actually done a better job with it.Also, I think the bosses I've encountered so far have been brilliantly designed.  They don't look interesting at first glance, but actually fighting each one takes a completely unique stratagy that you have to figure out as you go, which is really quite satisfying.So, if that is all you want, get it.HOWEVER, if you want the rish story and varied vistas of darksouls... well you're not going to get it.IMPORTANT NOTE: While you may be able to run this game at max settings using your current CPU and GPU, I'd take a look at your RAM.  This game eats up a lot of it.  I recommend 16GB for max settings and 8GB for min to avoid thrashing.  At 8GB on max graphics, it was clear my CPU and GPU were fine, but every now and then It would freeze for a bit.  which indicated that something was being transfered to/from the disk.  After checking the the tsk manager, I found that I was using nearly 7GB of the 8 on my computer.  Since then I have upgraded my RAM to 16GB, and it runs at a smooth 60fps now.The level design is pretty good, and IMO is better than Dark Souls 2's level design. However, level design is not the same as the visual design.  Some people don't like the visual design since there isn't a ton of definition, but I think it's fine that way.  It just means you can't play with your eye's closed. Overall, that is pretty much the theme of the game.  Stay alert."
76561197972176331,Recommended,265300,13647558,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Zlad,Reminds me of God of War and Dark Souls. Nice combat. Great visuals. Weird story that keeps you interested until the end. Lots of replayability.
76561198086313763,Recommended,265300,19407224,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Arizaka,"This game is worth it. Some people may say it's bad or they had problems with it but its been fixed a while ago and i had any trouble with it. This game is kinda like Dark Souls, you need to fight mobs with a ''strategy'' if i can say it like that, you can,t just attack them by clickign non-stop on your mouse, you will need to parry or dodge if you wan't to stay alive. Plus, you have boss that requiery a combat strategy like Darks Souls. It ments to be ''hard'' (Depending of how used you are to this type of game). The game has good graphics and i really think it's worth a try if you like that type of game. But, you might want to wait until the game is on sale to buy it since i think it's not a game that you play 10h non-stop (i ragequitted before lol) So if you are looking for a fun RPG to play all day long, i don't think its that type of game, so u might get disapointed if you are looking for that type of game, even tho i really enjoyed it and will definatly finish it! Don't focus on the reviews that don't reccomend it because they raged too much on it or if they had trouble with it, give it a try, it's worth it :)"
,Not Recommended,265300,25879998,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,BLOODSH⊕T,"Look, here's the long and short of it. I wanted to like it a lot, and I ended up dissapointed. It runs like bootybuns. It plays like Dark Souls but somehow, even more slow and grindy and tedious, and with none of the caveats or nuances that make games like that tough but fair and overall satisfying experiences. On top of this, in the beginning it's a semilinear sort of game, so if you wanna just grind the everloving crap out of your dude to make him awesome enough to not die as much, you gotta backtrack the same claustrophobic environments over and over for the handful of♥♥♥♥♥♥tier enemies to respawn.Are there fun moments? Yes.Is the game pretty? Sure, if you got the rig to run it.Story's acceptable, voice acting is pretty nice, and the overall quality of the presentation cannot be ignored, but under that thin veil of gold is the very definition of artificial difficulty- your reflexes here mean nothing as your character lethargically winds up- to late, your target swivels and wrecks your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rinse and repeat. Boss battles are not a matter of skill. They're a matter of gear, strategy, and sheer dumb luck, and if that's your cup of tea by all means drink it- I myself tend to play games more often than not with this silly, antiquated idea of enjoying them while I do it.So if you like playing frustrating, tedious games that waste your time being the opposite of fun or entertaining, have at it. Not my thing, and if it's not your thing either, I can't reccomend this title to you in good faith."
,Not Recommended,265300,12730500,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Sanic,Got it thinking I was going to get good gameplay and awesome bosses. Gameplay itself is pretty good but that's almost all this game has going for it I've only seen a few bosses so far but they all play the same. Keep your money untill this comes on sale
,Not Recommended,265300,12730652,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Yaham,Crashes a few seconds after the menu opens
76561197982051708,Not Recommended,265300,12726043,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Masterdevil,"The game seems pretty fun, but I absolutely can't recommend buying this title in it's current state. I've played for 2 hours now and the game has crashed on me 5 times during that time. I have a pretty decent gaming rig and can run anything on ultra high settings. I tried dropping the graphics of Lords of the Fallen, it didn't help. Haven't seen such a horribly optimized title in a long time. It honestly still feels like a beta. I'm not looking forward to playing the same content over and over only because the game decides to crash whenever it feels like it."
,Not Recommended,265300,12768895,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,MaxCoal,"Pretty fun RPG that has similar elements to dark souls.   Do note though, that this game crashes a lot.... like a lot a lot.If it wasnt for the crashes I would recommend it, but in its current state I would wait."
76561198061530603,Not Recommended,265300,12731599,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Itanimulli,"good game,  system can't run for some reason without incredible lag. I am running 2 760's and an intel i7 4770k, so I should not have these problems. gameplay good, optimization bad. 5/10"
76561198107287839,Not Recommended,265300,12874815,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,tineLAPAY,"don't buy this just yet. Im constantly crashing at startup(Aleinware logo). I haven't even seen what the main menu looks like! I found user fixes which mostly consist of lowering the graphics quality. the devs must create their own patch/fix rather than the users having to play with the ini file. btw, my specs are somewhat higher than the minimum required."
,Recommended,265300,12851232,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Half Aluminium Chemist,"Not a bad game, anyone who has played dark souls or demon souls will get a bit of fun from it, but may find it below what you would expect in terms of difficulty. For example I found myself killing a boss I was supposivbly meant to leave till later on.The gameplay is solid, giving you an idea of some of the things dark souls could have done, the perfect timing system with swings to reward not button mashing, the magic isnt intrusive on combat and isnt a automatic win and enemies are both fun and can be unpredicatble.The problems being no enemies are really memorable including bosses, a lot just involve either jus the dodge-hit strategy with little deviation from their 2-3 moves, or out cheaping them, for example on boss who will spam a fire attack you wont be able to dodge really all that well, so you have to spam fire resistance items to really win just in case you get hit once.The Rune system is interesting, but could use more work, its really hardly worth your time exept for the gauntlet.The characters are really needing work, I came out of dark souls and really felt terrible for some chars, even my enemies fates. In this I really couldnt care less about any of the supporting cast or the main character, there is really nothing worth noting about them, you have: ""obvious villain"", ""The girl"" and ""The exposition spewer"" Thats abut it from a few side quests and one knight who hates you for... some reason?Altogether, I like the gameplay, the fighting works and how armour and stats really do play into your game, if just for that its worth trying it out.However the lack of good characters, enemies and overall story is a little offputting, I would reccomend you get it on deal if anything as it is still fun, albeit not worth its full price if you are looking for a challenge or a story to lose yourself in."
,Recommended,265300,12997572,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Aqua Vita,"After having beat the game, I believe I can offer my two centsLords of the Fallen is a game similar to the Dark Souls franchise in mechanics, but lacking the charm of the Dark Souls- I never got the feeling any of my choices had an impact- None of the character's are all too memorable- The story is very confusing- The environments all get very boring, very quick- There's no real exploration, you'll eventually reach your desination by killing enemies- The enemies and bosses are all very generic (Fight humanoid enemy with a sword #5)So, why do I still recommend this game? Because, there are little things here and there that make me love it.+ The armor sets all look gorgeous+ It's insanely fun to play as a tank and smash your enemies to pieces with a warhammer+ There are little snippets of dialogue here and there that furthered my interest in the world+ While I never fully understood why Harkyn was so important, I definitely liked him and wanted him to succeed.+ I got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at certain characters and wanted to kick their♥♥♥♥♥♥in, something most games haven't acomplished.All in all, I'd give Lords of the fallen a 7.5/10. It's worth picking up if you want something to play similar to Dark Souls, or just want a good RPG to play."
76561197993688258,Not Recommended,265300,12725218,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,moonlightwolf,"I really wish I could recommend Lords of the Fallen, the game carries a great deal of potential and by somewhat replicating the souls series combat mechanics they have assured that at least some of the combat is satisfying and enjoyable but the truth is that for all my hopes that souls style gameplay can become a genre in and of itself Lords of the fallen is sadly not the game to do it.The most glaring issue for this game is it's shoddy release state. For a start the game is very poorly optimised, on release PhysX and Vsync options did not even appear on the settings menu and even now that these have been patched in the game still performs very poorly with either turned on and worse will run your GPU and CPU dangerously hot, Over-clockers beware this game can cause damage to your components, though its more likely your GPU will fail and crash the game before serious issues occur. Even if one simply turns off vsync and PhysX the game has a plethora of bugs including but no limited to:Weapon special attacks that crash the gameExploding enemies that crash the gameInconsistent auto-saving that can cause loss of progress or leaving the player in a position from which they cannot progress.All of these bugs will hopefully be fixed in subsequent patches but in its initial state the game verges on unplayable for a significant number of players.Unfortunately the bugs are not the game's only issue. The game's main problem stems from the developer's misconception about challenge, namely, that prolonging a fight makes that fight more challenging. Of the various enemies in the game around 50% have health regenerating abilities of one kind or another, these enemies are supposed to be challenging when they regenerate from nothing to near full health but all this really does is force the player to fight the same fight they already won over again, this saps the satisfaction from combat leaving it boring instead of challenging. This problem is exacerbated during boss battles and while I have only encountered one boss with health regen abilities many of the bosses I have faced have had some mechanic which prolongs the fight unnecessarily usually forcing the player to stop attacking the boss to dealing with smaller, low level enemies. Rather than feeling satisfaction at your mastery after defeating a boss you will instead just be glad you don't have to go through the tiresome mechanics another time.However eventually the game does become a bit more fun. Somewhere around the mid-point you will begin to find weapons that can take off a decent chunk of the more tiresome opponents health. You will be thrilled when you kill an enemy before it can heal. You will begin to realise that Lords of the Fallen is more about gear than skill and the most fun is to be had once you've gathered a decent set of tools to work with. There is certainly a satisfaction to be had as you dominate an enemy that previously caused numerous deaths but at the same time much of the sense of challenge has evaporated. Unfortunately many of the game's bugs begin to rear their heads not long after this point and your gameplay becomes a frustrating battle with CTD's.The game's art style is very much going to depend on personal preference but whether you like it or not it doesn't feel like it has much individuality. Armour, weapons, enemies and scenery could all have been plucked from Diablo 3 though with considerable improved graphical fidelity.Similarly the story will make you long for the quiet cryptic narrative of a Souls game as generic fantasy is drawled with all the emotion of a wooden plank. The character's never give you a reason to feel any kind of connection to them and you carry out the tasks demanded of you simply to progress with no care as to their fates. The game's decision to use a lead character rather than allow the player to create their own seems pointless as the character is never developed. He is generic, gruff, male anti-hero number 5677 lacking even an endearing one-liner that would promote him to generic bad♥♥♥♥♥status.All in all the game feels like squandered potential. There is a good combat system here including a few refinements to the souls formula such as the perfect hit system that From Software should take a look at. But that system is dragged down by bugs, crashes and badly designed enemies. The good news is that these can be fixed. Bug fixing and optimization and rebalancing enemies and bosses could make this game an enjoyable experience. But until then this game is impossible for me to recommend."
76561198086385017,Not Recommended,265300,12733705,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Alwalrus,"Now, let me start off with the good. This game is fairly fun to play (which is a HUGE plus and the only thing that kept this game worthwhile to me)  and has solid combat (albeit some weird hitboxed in some places). The levels are rather well designed, with everything being interconntected by cool shortcuts.Now onto the bad, which there is a LOT of.FIrst of all, this game runs like absolute crap. On NVIDIA GTX 760, I was barely about to keep it at 40ish fps on all lowest settings. Second, this game crashes. A LOT. And this is especially frustrating because unlike the Souls games, this game only saves at checkpoints (bonfires). So, it is quite easily possible to lose 20+ minutes of gameplay after a crash. Some enemies (I am looking at you, exploding fire beasts) seem to almost always crash the game without question if you get hit by the explosion.Besides running badly, this game has some poor design decisions. Certain attacks feel faaar too fast and unpredictable to dodge with any sort of human reflexes, so you are basically forced to eat them on the chin.The difficulty feels really inconsistent. Unlike the Souls series, it really suffers from overleveling if you explore everything similar to many other RPGs. So, while the game starts off fun and challenging, if you are like me and explore everything, starting about half way through the game you will get so tanky you can just wear heavy armor and take almost everything on the chin without dodging or blocking.Addidionally, the inventory system is HORRENDOUS in this game. It uses the same inventory as dark souls, where all items are put into one huge list based on the slot they go in. And while this wasn't horrible for dark souls, it is really bad for this game as it is based on the Western style of RPGs where you are constantly getting new armor/weapons which are straight up better than the ones you had before. As far as I could find, there is absolutely no way to trash, sell, or drop old items. And while you can favorite ones you want to use, you cannot automatically favorite new ones. So whenever you get a new weapon, you have to often scroll through 30+ other ones before you can find it.The last downside of this game, is how insanely short it is. While my skill from a LOT of experience with the souls series probably made me beat this game a lot faster than the average person, the shortness still cannot be overlooked. Trying to explore and find EVERYTHING, this game took me 17 hours to beat. If I was just doing the main story, I probably would have done it in 10 or less. And with this game being relatively linear and lack of multiplayer, the replay value certainly feels lacking.CONCLUSION/ TD:DRDespite these huge issues, I have to say that I still enjoyed this. But the only reason for it is my absolutely ADORATION of the Souls style of combat (Dark Souls 1 is easily my favorite game ever made, with me putting 500+ hours into it). So if you are like me and absolutely adore this style of combat, you might find this a fun distraction despite the plethora of issues. For most people though, this game is not worth the $50, at least not until the bugs/crashes get fixed."
76561197990619686,Not Recommended,265300,12753639,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,jacks12345,"Short, and not so sweet:This product is still in alpha phase in my opinion. Here's why:1. Game crashes anywhere from 5-20 minutes. This is a critical and inexcusable issue, and a product of this cost should not be crashing on most players' PCs. This is something would find in Alpha phase with even a halfway compentent QA or development staff.2. Product feels half finished. For what contect there is, it feels like half a game. The story is vague and generic. The characters are not even close to flushed out. The world is particularly small. What the player can do is limited. The camera angle and use in third person (the only viewpoint) is terrible at times. Your character's purpose in the world is a little too simple.I don't like to be completely negative, and there are some good aspects of the game:1. Even though the game can be difficult, it can be fun at times. The combat, although clumsy, is more or less solid and satisfying. Additionally, although simplistic, character development enhances the ""RPG"" aspect of the game, but it seems to cater to the warrior class and playstyle and punishes any other choice.2. Graphics are up to par for current gen - the gritty art style compliments the use of the various graphic effects employed. Sound effects are well done.Overall, I would only recommend the game if the developers patch the game properly and sell it for about half the price. It's not a half bad game, but not worth the current cost."
76561197989592053,Not Recommended,265300,12794197,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Achubra,Do not buy this game. It crashes constantly even with the patches. It has broken quests and a broken stat element. Spend y our money on dark souls 2.
76561198080928727,Not Recommended,265300,12911759,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Moo Moo,"Potentially purchasing a broken game.I want to say it's good, but it really isn't. A poor effort for a full release. Lots of very disappointing, annoying glitches and faults that render the game unenjoyable and potentially unplayable in some cases.Weapons disappear for no reason, the game crashes and freezes on top of very demanding specifications and disk space (powerful PC's  in order to run the game),No navigational indication other than memory and the will to explore; not even labels for the areas you are in or are about to enter (noting a majority of the quests make you travel to areas you are expected to know the location of, which is on the downright silly list).I can go on. I am very disappointed and don't recommend this game unless it is fixed and people start getting what they paid for."
,Not Recommended,265300,26305107,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,applekwisp,"Pretty medicore game. I really like the aethetics of the armor and weapons in the game, but most people will probably call it over designed. The environments and effects are pretty well done. The game is a Dark Souls clone through and through, but to me didn't really feel all that challenging throughout the game. The enemy variety feels lacking with most if not all the bosses being some large armored guy. Too many enemies in the game also carry around a huge shield which turns most fights into circle strafe fests. The game felt extremely short and the difficulty wasn't paced very well at all. The last section of the game (the final time you revist the citadel) is 100x more difficult than anything else.  Rogue magic was extremely overpowered from what I saw. Some of the spells were battles themselves to use as they completely impead your vision during their duration. The experience pooling mechanic didn't really add anything to the game. Wasn't a fan of how the sidequests worked with me collecting trivial items throughout the game, but not actually finding the quests in time for who needed them. The story is an afterthought and even after completing the game I'm not exactly sure what happened.The game isn't very good, but is an okay title to run through once if you are bored on a weekend and can get this on sale for $10 or under. It doesn't really excel at anything, it just kind of moves along content at completely being average. It is good to note that I didn't experience any technical issue at all with the title aside from some some bugs in the graveyard area where my character sounds completely disappeared for some reason."
76561198032827131,Recommended,265300,12676911,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,BulbaBlunt,"I could say a lot about this game, but I'll try to keep it short. Souls fans will definitely enjoy this game. While borrowing a good deal from the success of Souls games, Lords of the Fallen has enough to define it as an entirely seperate game.Combat feels heavier, and much more similar to Dark Souls than Dark Souls 2. What it does different from DaS combat is implement magic as a part of every build. The only character customization is essentially choosing a heavy armor tank build, a medium armor cleric build, and a light armor stealth build. The estus flask idea carries on with health potions, which replenish at checkpoints. Players can increase their potion count by finding empty bottles, hidden in hard to reach locations.The graphics are beautiful, even better than Dark Souls 2. The lighting provides a dark and intense atmosphere without critically hindering visibility, though players will probably find it difficult to spot traps in the dark indoor chambers.While I won't compare the story to those in the Souls games, the story in Lords of the Fallen is much more direct and is quite good so far. There's a whole tab for discovered lore, for fans who love to delve deeper into a world's history.And finally, the death system has a few tweaks compared to those of the Souls games. Upon death all carried xp is dropped and players are sent back to the last activated checkpoint. Beyond that, no stats or equipment are affected, although players only have a few minutes to reach their death spot to reclaim their xp, and death before retrieval will result in the loss of any dropped points.I suppose that wasn't really a short review, oops. All in all, while Lords of the Fallen originates and borrows strongly from the Souls franchise, the game successfully sets itsself apart as more than a clone. Though some elements of combat may be more forgiving, Lords of the Fallen is still every bit as challenging and demanding as any of the Souls games."
,Not Recommended,265300,12751100,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Pandemius,"Никому не рекомендую эту игру. Ужасно не удобная система боя, персонаж неуклюжий. Игра не так уж и сложная, но из-за того что процесс боя неудобный все становится невыносимым!"
,Recommended,265300,23756810,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fahrizal,I like this game. A bit simple RPG. Need to choose the stat carefully.
,Not Recommended,265300,12769803,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Wolverine,"""Three crashes in 5 minutes.""That was my initial review, which was my first one and written in pure frustration due to all the bugs plaguing that game.I will do my best to explain in more details why I would still not recommend this game yet.First of all, I played only the first Dark Souls and I enjoyed it as much as I hated it at the same time. Some of my main issues with Souls was the lack of convenient checkpoint before boss fights - because I am not that hardcore and would like all the help I could get, I would try to summon NPC to help me fight the bosses. Well, I can not remember how much time I got invaded in front of the Dragon Knights duo chamber. The checkpoints are much mroe convenient in Lords - and I can not really think of something done better in that game.The combat feels heavy and clunky - especially when using greatswords/axes. You need so much time to wind up the attack that unless you time it perfectly, you will get staggered by the lightning-fast enemy attack. And you can barely time it properly because of that - the lightning fast enemy attacks. They might be all in heavy armor and with greatshields, but they are attacking so freaking fast and breaking your guard so easy in the begining it is not even funny - nor fair. And you can not break their guard untill late game - it is just not possible. This makes the fight vs some of the shield weilders true nightmare, especially in early game. Even when you learn how to do it, it is still a chore and too time-consuming to be fun. Now I understand they are super-strong demons from other dimension, but for the sake of freaking gameplay - at least make it so we are able to freaking break their guard.Also on the fighting - how can you possibly dual-weild one handed weapon SLOWER and when using it with one hand and shield? Check The Avenger (I think that was the name of the sword), this is ridiculous. Two-hand weilding does not give you speed most of the time, just leaves you more open to attacks. Also - all greatswords have exact the same identical moves - all the greataxes and hammers as well. Actually, most of the weapons are just a reskin with identical move sets. The game suffers heavily from lack of diversity in that department - they should learn from the Souls.Agility weapons, and daggers in particular, feel very bad. They have nice very high damaging combos, but the last part of the combo is usually (with the case of daggers) charging move... which very often miss due ot enemies just slightly moving aside; or you just move past them by your own. Enemies however dont have that problem - if you dodge to the side, they auto-correct their aim and positioning mid-swing and will still hit you. That feels too unfair and cheap, considering they are as already mentioned with unbreakable guard and lightning-fast attacks.The magical system is there just for the sake of having some magic in the game - I played Paladin on my first playthrough and most of the time when I tried to cast anything I would get staggered by the creeps or bosses - because of the abyssmal long casting time, in which your hero stays in one place and makes fancy moves. I would appreaciate if some kind of mobility was invilved like in Souls, where you can still move while casting, but slower. It is ridiculous and not fun at all.The main thing that put me aside from the game and I will not most probably play it anymore is the loot system. Where is the replayability if in your first playthrough you open all the chests and get all the gear?! What if I got some crappy normal version of a very cool sword, and I want to socket it? Forget it - if you want another better vesrion of the sword, you need to know the exact chest and you need to start a new game and to make sure you have good multiplier for higher rarity chance. It would be much more helpful to be able to upgrade the common variation to higher rarity by crafting - or at least have everything drop again on New Game+ and ++ but with higher chance for better rarity.On a side note, I wanted to play agi char. Well, almost midgame and still the best agi-weapon was the one I foung in the very first 30 mins after start. I just gave up at that point.At this point I do not see any reason to play that game again. I was fooled by the pre-release streaming and the nice setting, but I would have never payed £30 for that garbage. The game is too small, too repetitive, too buggy and definetely not worth the price tag.Also keep in mind I have not played after the last patches and although some system issues might have been resolved, I will still not play it because of the all things mentioned above. All of the above is my personal opinion base don my personal experience with this trash, I mean the game, and might differ from yours. I would actually recommend the game after few patches and on a sale for at least 60% off, but not for full price. Do NOT get it for full price, do not make the same mistake as me.If you really bothered to read that - thanks and game on."
,Recommended,265300,13603517,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Remilia's Exciting Software,"Note: Many people are experiencing crashing and performance issues, I am not having any of these.If you liked Dark Souls, you'll like this, while maybe not as hard as Dark Souls it still offers an entertaining challenge and annoying infrequent checkpoints, aswell as no difficulty settings as far as I know, the bosses are entertaining and will require a good a mount of dodging and attacking when the time is right to pass like any other fun boss battle, aswell as constant minibosses, the game controls well and has nice graphics, I can't say much about the plot, it's okay, overall the game is pretty good."
76561198046131108,Not Recommended,265300,12932641,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,WTF man,this game starts out good but then it sucks realy bad later on ther are a lot of glitches
76561197993271209,Not Recommended,265300,12747952,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lachesis,"Updated for Patch 1.2:Game still crashes regularly, although the nature of the crash has changed.Would not currently recommend the game due to the crashing issues.  Sometimes I can play for a couple of hours with no problems, other times I can't go 5 minutes.Gameplay-wise, feels like a slower paced and slightly clunky Dark Souls."
,Not Recommended,265300,26002309,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,MousePounder,Controls feel sluggish and not tight enough to enjoy this game.The story is dull and not at all interesting.Game looks nice but the art direction seems rather dull.Seems to run quite well on my 8370 and a r9 390.99% of the time it ran over 65 fps.Average seemed to be about 75-85 fps with absolutely all options maxed out.I have uninstalled this game three times thus far.I have given this game several chances.I am throwing in the towel again.
,Recommended,265300,12933568,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Torgul,Reall fun and engaging game. Lots of loot to find. I found it kind of hard and frustrating at 1st but once you start to get the hang of it its a blast. I have 3 chracters now. Definitely recommend.
,Recommended,265300,12842816,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,『　　』,"pro:-like dark soul except very linear and the story is told-good graphic-good game mechanic-nice weapon/armor design-leveling up ur character is always niceneutral:-the character was okay-nothing great about the story, abit twist at the endcons:-ez game at least for me, the hard part is the game crashing( might get fix with update)-ez bozz-lack variety of enemy-the level design and direction is confusing"
,Not Recommended,265300,34742766,Posted: 4 September,all,Thexth,"Level and enemies are just so bad designed that it's just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥tho play this game! There are some big guys with shilds bigger than the entire universe hitting as fast as they would have toothpicks. No way to beat them ('cause of their shield they get like 3-4 damage by one hit and have like 1000000000000000000000 Hp) because they are placed in very, VERY smal passes where even your camera doesn't know how to pass through! The heavy class just hits in slowmotion (30times less damage and amor than the NPCs but 10.000times less amor=weight to carry). I mean difficult is fine, no problem with that, but such unthought and poor leveldesign is not worth the efford of compleating the game. everithing untill the second boss is just fine but with these new enemies... Not worth a buy!"
76561198086118787,Not Recommended,265300,12957729,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Jestrom,"Currently an expensive Sea-sickness Simulator with a Camera shaking more frequently than a Sex-Shops display Shelf.The gameplay is decent if repetitive, provided you aren't bothered by the constant drops in frame-rate or game-breaking bugs.6.5/10 When the game is operating properly.Decent, but not great."
,Not Recommended,265300,13711100,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,imp_ct,Buy this game... if you hate yourself.Worst PC port 2014
,Not Recommended,265300,12770196,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Romanow,"The game right now is a bug hotel without any story what so ever, no characters that you really feel attached to. The final choise, that is supposed to be epic, is just like whatever, as I just didnt care about what happens to this barren place."
,Recommended,265300,12934695,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Shatter,"It's Dark Souls, in almost every way, but not Dark Souls.  If you love Dark Souls, you'll love this game.   This game is far more violent and agressive than DS1 & DS2.  Numerous ways to play, including rogue with stealth powers.  IT's awesome.  Buy this game.UNlike DS, there's no help, no summoning, no multiplayer.  You're on your own.  Buy this game."
76561198045640882,Not Recommended,265300,13767781,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,jerry.pruitt,"The game will not start, therefore can not play"
,Not Recommended,265300,12933555,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,LatentSea,"Unplayably laggy despite my system exceeding recomended requirements, could be a great game if it actually ran properly."
,Not Recommended,265300,12758074,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,brutalcumpowder,"Absolutely, iredeemably bad. Shameful as both a Souls-clone, and as a computer game. Avoid at all costs."
,Not Recommended,265300,12769697,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Ixcen,"Game's cool, bugs are not. Until they fix the game so it's playable: I wont recomend it. (duh)"
,Not Recommended,265300,13672582,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Santaman102,"Played between 3 and 4 hours as of writing, spent about an hour in the rhogar realm.Seems to me to be a relatively poor b-movie equivalent of dark souls. If I'm not fighting hordes of enemies that never lower their shields, I'm fighting the poor, corridor-based level design, the abysmal inventory system, the confusing item switching system, the laughable dialogue or the non-existant story.It's quite a clunky game. Often you'll fight enemies with shields. Shield bash them, or kick their shield, and they'll lower their shield. For about a second. There is no time, even with some of the faster weapons, to follow up with an attack. It's as if Lords took the Dark Souls combat system but forgot to tune it based on their enemies.As for story, there are quite a few side characters about, that all seem to care greatly what's going on. Even the playable character, Harkyn, seems to care what is going on. But I can't for the life of me give a single solitary damn, becuase I have no idea where, who, what I am, why I'm doing it, who I'm doing it with... You're just not given any of that information, so it's rather hard to empathise with any of the 2-dimensional characters.The animations are stiff, in dialogue especially. Dialogue sounds like it was recorded somewhere that wasn't a recording studio, and that the VAs weren't really fully immersed.And after my good 3-4 hour excursion, I've met cumutavely a total of between 5 and 7 different enemy types. There's undead hollow thing, smaller undead thing with sword and shield, bigger undead thing with sword and shield, bigger undead thing 2handing, fat undead thing with a crossbow... It's not the most creative game. Sure, the skyboxes can be pretty if you can make it out behind all that lens flare, but I'm a bit tired of snowy castles and towers.It can be quite entertaining. quite. I've found myself thinking it's like dark souls but with the darksiders aesthetic and lack of fun.In no way could I recommend this for it's RRP. I grabbed this on sale for roughly £12, and to be perfectly honest, at the moment that's about the maximum I'd tell someone to buy it for."
76561197978388092,Not Recommended,265300,23962626,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Mizzizzippi99,It is always sad when you put a lot of time in a game and then you cant complete it because you're at a boss that you cant beat simply because the game crashes half way thru the fight....EVERY time
,Not Recommended,265300,12945777,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,jordanawright14,The game constantly shuts down after I change into the menu. The screen will go black every single other minute. Would not recommend. Waste of 50.00 dollars.
,Not Recommended,265300,13577185,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ThematiC,Can´t play the game. Instantly crashing at Start. Tried every solution..nothing helped.
,Recommended,265300,12684340,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,WastingSanity,"I only recommend this game if you are willing to die. Possibly a lot. You have to be adaptable if you want to play a rogue. You have to use a shield sometimes whether you want to or not. Overall this game delivers an experience a kin to Dark Souls. The first Dark Souls is far more entertaining than this title but I mostly played a tank like character and this could explain my fond memories of the title.I have not completed this game yet. But so far I have had fun, been frustrated, and surprised that some non boss shield users are gods because they always....ALWAYS.... block. So far the story seems to lack my attention. But hopefully that will pick up soon. I was hoping for a variety of character but you are the same person no matter what class you choose.Although the game appears to have some high requirements to play it. I haven't had many issues with in game lag. The game ran on high setting with no visable issues. I have found 3 different glitches so far in the game. Feel free to look at my videos on my profile to check them out. One of them is a Boss fight glitch. Overall the game is above average.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQ2_D4GdfS4"
,Not Recommended,265300,13647281,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sock,"For a game that certainly tries to be Dark Souls, Lords of the Fallen is a good example of why a game like Dark Souls is to hard to pull off. There are so many small things that this game does worse than the former, and it makes the entire thing feel much worse for it.First, the camera is like being followed by a helicopter with Parkinson's disease. It goes from uncomfortably shaky in large, open areas, to almost laughably ridiculous in smaller, tighter spaces.Second, the combat. While a game like Dark Souls is more punishing than trying to fist a bear, it was always...ALWAYS fair. I can count on one hand the amount of times I died in Dark Souls and felt it wasn't completely my fault. In Lords of the Fallen, however, I died a dozen times in just the first area, and while I initially chalked it up to my learning the mechanics of the game, it soon became clear that this game is much, much harsher and even less fair when it comes to combat.While the idea of a bulkier, heavier Dark Souls sounds like an awesome game, this is not that game. It all looks very pretty, but it fails to live up to the standards of the game it so obviously is trying to be. This game is trying to stand on the shoulders of a giant like the Souls series, only to realize that it has no legs.This can all be summed up in an experience I had while trying to fight the second boss of the game. After dying maybe ten, fifteen times to the thing, I finally endured the nearly half-hour boss fight, had finally withered it down to the last fractions of it's health...and the game crashed on me.2/10Would not buy again(also, it bears mentioning that game difficulty itself is not an issue for me [please refer to the 200 hours I've spent on Dark Souls], it is when a game is difficult without also being fair that I take issue)"
76561198046083351,Recommended,265300,12682503,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Bonkie,"If you think Dark Souls is hard, stay away. But if you aren't a little wuss this game is awesome. I mean, it has everything, amazing combat, gorgeus art and top notch music scores. Give it a go! It might take some time to get invested in it but it is totally WORTH every SINGLE minute. Level and monster design is flawless but the enemies might feel lame sometimes. Good lore and story with little guidance which increases your curiousity. The game does experience some FPS issues that will get fixed in the coming future but the FPS drop only happens in certain enviroments such as fire/light heavy areas.Satisfying, brutal and beautiful 9/10"
,Not Recommended,265300,12726675,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,lart,"This game is broken. Frequent crashes combined with a checkpoint system make this game unplayable.Performance issues from butter smooth to a freeze. What we get are recommendations for Beta drivers, disabling PhysiX or various other video cards driver parameters. No thanks. May be worthwhile and fun when it's working. Poor release."
,Not Recommended,265300,34785833,Posted: 6 September,all,Dragonalias,"Everything about this game annoyed me. The slow animations, the buggy hitboxes, the boring combat, the endless amount of loadingscreens if you want to go anywhere at all. It's an annoying game that annoyed me. The story isn't that good, the characters aren't that interesting, I stopped doing quests and just  tried to rush through the rest of the game.I actually enjoyed it at the beginning. It was nice, interesting even, but the more I played, the more annoyed I became. I think it started at the second boss... commander or something. Such a boring fight. So unimaginative. It doesn't get much better. Each boss has a little gimmick you have to figure out. As an example, the third boss, the worshipper, will insta kill you if you don't stand in one of the shrines nearby. very annoying.Obligatory Dark Souls Comparison: Dark Souls is better. This is slow and clunky and not nearly as clever."
,Not Recommended,265300,12720776,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Final Excalibur,"Lords of the Pauldron.In all seriousness, it's alright I guess.Absolutely terrible worldbuilding/story/characters. Combat mechanics are promising but have flaws with a lot of cheap and unpredictable enemy AI that prevent total enjoyment.Commendable attempt at non-linear level design, which is unfortunately derailed by environments that look too similar to one another and preventing players from learning a level's layout.The overall pacing of the game is absolute dogshit, and easily it's worst flaw. This gets more evident later on in the game.One example - a hard boss fight is placed immediately after another hard boss fight. You are physically locked away from the rest of the world and the player has no chance to mentally rest and recuperate by down-tempo exploration gameplay before being flung against another wall.I would be lying if I said I didn't enjoy my time with the game, but the flaws eventually added up and left me with a very sour taste in my mouth.It might be worth looking at, but not at full price."
,Not Recommended,265300,12974672,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Bodgie,Don't buy this untill there is patches 'n'♥♥♥♥♥
76561197972892759,Not Recommended,265300,20422314,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,{LCD}Bloodlet-VT,"One of the most frustrating games I have played in years. Annoying camera movements. Slow restrictive character moves. Some nice combo moves but largely just leave you open to attack.Near impossible to avoid boss attacks and the need to repeat it all again if you die just to get your lost xp back.It looks stylish on the preview videos but you soon find it's very repetative attacks and dodges.In over 30 years of gaming experiance this is one of the few that will push you to the point of wanting to put your keyboard through the monitor.Looks good, had real potential. Sadly didn't deliver. Not recommended."
,Recommended,265300,20390676,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,kim jong skillz,"just another  dark souls clone.. except a few things:improved mechanicsbetter soundtrackbetter story/characters/voice acting/art stylebetter graphics*better designsno ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community making dumb ♥♥♥♥ing jokes that arent funnysome remnants of ds communityno multiplayer to deal with these dumbassesno softbansno $50/$30 more-enemy expansion*some people crash a lot but i only crashed once so im badassi mean come on guys, enough with the dark souls clones!!!"
76561197989744335,Recommended,265300,16744353,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Tzane,"If you're not a fan of Dark Souls series, you should definitely grab this game! You'll love it more.For a full review on this game, check out random gameplay videos on YouTube.Peace out.8/10.Loving it so far."
,Recommended,265300,25850322,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Donster84,"very hard game to play, overall i broke several mouses trying to finish the game but i finally did."
,Recommended,265300,12689188,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Jigz,"Really enjoying this game so far.Very nice combat and fun levelling system, was farming for a couple hours and it was suprisingly fun.I wanted to like this game, but it just wasnt as fun as i thought it would be. Still worth picking up on a sale but yeah.8/10"
,Recommended,265300,13721550,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Divex82,"If you have the hardware to run this maxed out you are in for a treat. This is one of the best looking multiplatform games out right now. If not, no worries!The gameplay alone is worth playing Lords of the Fallen™. At its core, the game is all about preparation, strategy, and timing one powerful blow or a perfect succession of fast strikes against a vulnerable enemy. It gets tricky when there's multiple foes and little room to work with. That's where this game shines; when your heart races and you're praying you'll make it out alive. If not, that sucks. Just go find your ghost and regain all that precious lost experience points. Die on that one way trip? All is lost!There's a decent story full of lore and interesting characters, monsters, and set-pieces. There's also tons of armor, weapons, and other gear to keep you happy, and the best catch is what loot drops is tied to how much you are willing to wager you won't die. Cash in your experience and the loot multiplier is reset.I love it, and this is from someone who could never really get into the Souls series.P.S. I haven't had one crash or any other issues."
,Recommended,265300,12787092,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Leonardo,"Stupid crashes. Patch fixed. I played this game a lot, don't know why. Maybe because fighting isn't clunky and frustrating as ♥♥♥♥ compared to Souls. Your choices just change the ending cinematic and gives you achievements (yay achievements!), and some of your choices can actually ♥♥♥♥ you (not cutting the dude's arm and helping him with potion will not let you get super potions near the end of the game). New Game + Is like Souls except we don't get new monsters, but we do get new lore (the lore is infinitely better than the game's main story). Also, not ALL monsters will get strong with the NG+ so you will get very confused most of the time, and will get one-shot without realzing. Warrior is easy as ♥♥♥♥, if you play this game as warrior you will have the worst experience, unless you don't upgrade your Faith for the absurd spells. Rogue gives the best experience, even though the i-frames are a joke. Cleric is fun as heck. You will have the worst time ever at the final battle, if you went full faith without using the gauntlet.Overall 7.5/10.I enjoyed the game a lot, more than Souls, honestly, but Souls is much better polished (except for the ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating combat mechanics)."
76561198079606596,Recommended,265300,12804696,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,EvilBrainAngelHeart,Game its cool i give it 8/10Just finished it.Crashed 3 times befor i do some changes in my driver options .I hope they will work on sec part and community will help them upgrade those few things what was missing in gameplay.
76561197986609104,Recommended,265300,12812941,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,gtox11,"This is a review from someone who loved Darksiders (I had graphical issues with 2, so that was a bummer), loved Kingdoms of Amalur, liked Skyrim but hated the way the third-person was done, and played Dark Souls 2 (on PC) for one hour before getting a refund (my first refund request on Steam in seven years).I bought this game as a filler between Borderlands Pre-Sequel and Dragon Age: Inquisition, but I was horribly wrong in thinking that this game would be just a mediocre filler..Lords of the Fallen is downright amazing.  As most people have said, it plays extremely similar to Dark Souls; however where Dark Souls utterly failed, Lords of the Fallen succeeds in leaps and bounds.Here are my pros and cons:ProsThe controls!  Nothing kills a game for me more than bad controls (which extends to graphical UI as well).  Lords of the Fallen, as I compare it to Dark Souls, has amazing control and ,once you get used to all of the mechanics, gives the player a feeling of personal extension.The challenge!  Okay, I know a lot of people are rolling their eyes.  ""Pfft!  This game is totes easy, noob!""  At times it can be, and then at other times it is pretty brutal.  This is not the typical forgiving game that rewards players just for showing up.  But the real great part is that you, the player, grow with your character.  First you struggle to get a hit in while also blocking and every enemy seems to take 3/4 of your life and your health potions are dwindling.  But a few hours later, that same enemy is swinging at air while you are crushing his head in with ease and losing even 1/10th of your life seems like you just lost focus for a moment.  There is definitely a very rewarding feeling when you grow better as a player instead of just gathering more stat points to win the RNG fight.The variety!  Between strength, agility, and faith weapons, gauntlets, shields, and class spells there is quite a long list of different ways to bash your enemies face in.. and this is without taking into account Runes or Legendary weapon special abilities!  Everything has an optimal use, so there is very little ""useless junk"" lying around.The replayability!  Ever get frustrated that you run out of enemies to kill, or there is no point in starting a new character?  Lords of the Fallen doesn't have that problem.  Enemies respawn everytime you change instances (which actually slows everything down quite a bit), and the classes are varied enough to warrant at least a few playthroughs.The sound effects are good, but for me that is just icing and not really anything that would keep me or stop me from playing.ConsGraphics Optimization.  Now bare with me here.  The graphics are amazing.. truly, and the art style of the armor, weapons, and character models is inspiring.  But I am used to my quaint gtx660 being able to handle most games at either High, Very High, or Ultra depending on the demands.  Lords of the Fallen has me sitting at Medium, and even then I feel the UI lag at times (especially when using spells that have persistent graphical effects).  I can only assume that there has to be some optimization issues there, but it is certainly not written in stone.Once you find your fav weapon, spell, or armor the game can get a little repetitive.  However this is something that happens in all games, and admittedly this game suffers from this problem far less than others.  Definitely a minor issue.That is about all I can think of.  I look forward to a sequel in the future.  For those who are on the fence about buying this one, as long as your money isn't making you choose between this or Dragon Age: Inquisition, then I would definitely place this one very, very high on the list.  Best action RPG I have played since Darksiders 1."
,Recommended,265300,20392549,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Pain,"Have Faith, Literally. This game is amazing."
76561198031789487,Recommended,265300,15227462,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,kargat,"Great game, other than crashing.I have a nvidia gtx 780 and had crashes nearly once per hour. After lowering texture detail to low crash occurrences had reduced a lot, like once at 6 hours.  If it was bug free I would recommend easily, but if you want risk free gaming maybe you should pass this.Update :  I can confirm this. Finished the game without a crash  after changing TEXTURE DETAIL to LOW:(.If you have a nvidia card and your game is crashing TRY IT!!!."
,Recommended,265300,16450861,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,50shots-1kill (Corpsemaker),"Got this during the Summer Sale.  I am EXTREMELY pleased with how this game has been playing out so far.  It takes my favorite aspects of Dark Souls and refines them and improves upon the things I didn't like.  If you enjoyed the Dark Souls series but want something a bit easier and more accessable, this is the title for you!  10/10!  Great game!"
76561198033475931,Recommended,265300,16444386,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,JuLLe,"The game is alright in general but has many bad things such as the story, the length and bad optimization. Lords of the Fallen is nowhere near Dark Souls level but it gets the job done in terms of combat and gameplay. However I would recommend buying only when the price hits 10€ or something like that."
76561197967211234,Not Recommended,265300,22651214,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Holy Muff Diver,The biggest problem with this game isnt that its a dark souls rip-off. The problem is that its a terrible one. Combat is slow and sluggish. Enemies have little variety to their attacks which means you'll learn everything there is to know about every creature encounter the first time you fight them. Generic story. Framerate issues. linear gameplay. Only 3 classes that feel extremly similar. Don't buy this game. just don't.
,Not Recommended,265300,20881358,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Marc Phoenix,"I can't even start the game! It crashes after character creation. I've tried a lot of the supposed fixes out there and nothing worked for me. And there's no word of any fix coming soon. So, for the sake of your money and humor, stay away from this game for now. Don't get me wrong, the game itself looks fun (for the ones that enjoys Dark Soul-esque games like myself), but I couldn't have the taste of it.Please, devs! Fix this! Else I won't buy anything made for you ever again."
,Recommended,265300,14629254,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,RuggedSavior,It would be nice to play this game if it would stop FREAKIN FREEZING!!!!!
,Recommended,265300,18819012,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Darkstalker Kaathe,"This game like Warhammer series inNice concept art designNice graphic and sceneryNice dark fantasy themeNice Character design like Warhammer characterAtmospheric !Just very bad bad bad first time play in 1 min crash wtfVoice acting terrible so lazyGameplay combat vs enemy akward , why ? Al so stupid , easy gameplay no challenge .Really i have no idea with Al conversation system so short really nothing idea for make good conversation ? Developper so lazy for make improvementThis just 7 Min gameplay... Wonder if i continue play this gameI reccomended buy this on sale , and for any Dark Fantasy game fans who enjoy atmospheric Warhammer Chaos should buy this game ! just warn the negative the game :) and enjoy it"
76561198255528856,Not Recommended,265300,26573295,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Vademar306,"Most confusing game ever, took me 30 minutes to find where i was supposed to go due to how dark the place is, the tutorial is too short and needs some improvement as well, really steep learning curve if you have not played dark souls. Its basically a game you play to see the creature designs not much else to do."
76561198095967515,Recommended,265300,14305402,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Jack n' the box,easy western Dark souls
,Not Recommended,265300,15400923,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ty 哈,"Nice graphic, great art style but boring game. This game tries so hard to be Dark Souls but just fails everywhere it tries.4.5/10"
76561198170049638,Recommended,265300,14305420,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Jingles McRingleberry,i enjoyed this game but i got stuck and rage quitted
,Not Recommended,265300,13899382,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,CrispyCTW (Hicks),"I have a decent computer and I have to bring it to the lowest settings and play on 720p. even after that the hit detection is iffy and I hate using this turn but there is a bit of artificial difficulty, I came out of a cutscene on the first boss and he was mid swing with his swoird when I got into the game. speaking of swinging some of the enemies don't really have any wind up to their attacks making it insanley difficult to dodge."
76561198019273607,Not Recommended,265300,13951366,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,AnxiousMonkey,"Lords of the Fallen is like Dark Souls, except really slow. Rolling is slower, attacking is WAY slower, like I'm trying to swing a 200 pound club. Rolling feels less useful, and attacks I feel are underwhelming. The game is a good game, it's just not good enough to compete with other games like it. The game has amazing design of armor and weapons and the world from an art perspective, but it's not very complex gameplay-wise. It feels very linear, and I feel like I'm halfway through the game in like 2 hours of play. The entire time I play this game, I'm thinking, why aren't I playing Dark Souls right now?"
,Not Recommended,265300,12727875,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Skally,A massive shame - was really looking forward to this since playing it a EGX - Avoid like the plaugue - crashes even on the really high spec PC. Developer should be hung for this. I'm unable to play for more than a few minutes in between crashes.
76561198078402559,Not Recommended,265300,12826181,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,ammarmunshi,Dont buy this DRM garbage.I wasted my money so that i can get crash every time play this.
76561198014934040,Not Recommended,265300,13975652,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Chris,"There is no connection between the player and the story of the game as well as the protagonist of the game. You just play and you have no freaking idea whats going because the game never bothers to explain anything or take you in.If you just want to play a game with good mechanics and have no expectations about a good story that will drag you in and will leave its traces on you after you've been through, then this game is for you. They could've done much better here, so I give it a thumb down..."
,Not Recommended,265300,12732712,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,cactus,"Not good as a ""souls-like"", too buggy to finish. Game crashes are far too common and no matter where you are in the game, you'll almost always be lost, because it all looks like the same stone interiors. Even then, it's stupidly easy once you get any set of armor and start to learn the game. Most of the weapons are either too slow to be useful or too weak to have decent DPS. The gauntlet is useless except in the early game when you don't have the damage to take on the large shield knights, and against the ghosts near the end, because they can't be hit by anything else. Blocking is worthless because you'll either be light enough to evade everything or heavy enough to only take single-digit damage. All but one or two of the sidequests are worthless too, giving useless equipment and low-medium xp.Even if they iron out the bugs, it's not really worth it."
,Not Recommended,265300,12889473,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,wurzle,"This game is a technical mess. If they patch it until it works, it is an OK game to get on steam sale. If you want a dark souls experience you may be disappointed, because none of the game systems are as interesting."
76561197972491107,Not Recommended,265300,12929204,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Jaeger Wolfgang,"Pros; Absolutely amazing graphics, I mean truely, it feels like you are watching a movie while playing, the artwork really shines as well.Cons; The game is damn near unplayable because you are constantly stuck in loooong animation sequences, so long it begins to feel like the baddies in the game could stop and unty your shoes with you being able to do nothing about it. Instead they repeatably destroy you with nice quick animations you can only wish you character could accomplish.The camera will also disappoint, it is a twitch/timing based game but in combat you are constantly blinded by the walls, objects and your own character."
,Not Recommended,265300,12687862,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Rezon,"Aight.Pros+Gameplay is fun and engagingfor the first hour or so.+It looks very nice and the physics everywhere adds to the immersion, that is until bodies start flying but that happens in every physics engine once in a while.+Music is alright, nothing memorable but adds nice ambiance.+Level design is decent. A lot of areas loop around without you even thinking about it.Cons-The game is way too easy. And I mean WAYYYY too easy. I only died on one boss due to a instakill spell but as soon as you find out how to avoid it he goes down as easily as the rest. Even the final boss is a cakewalk, he went down in a couple of attacks and did hardly any damage to me.-Some weapons are just blatently better than others.-Not a fan of the armor design personally. Armor is 90% shoulderpads.-Too short. I think I finished the game in about 10 hours or so. For a first run that is just way too short.The game is too short and easy to justify the 50 dollar price tag. Wait for a sale or something and if you haven't already played it, I recommend picking up Dark Souls instead of this game. It's cheaper, more challenging and longer than Lords of the Fallen.TL;DRToo short and easy.Buy on sale.Buy Dark Souls instead."
,Not Recommended,265300,13895477,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Derp,"Consider getting this ONLY if there's a sales because this is not a game you will be replaying like dark souls.The game dont even let you to play that save after beating NG++. Stupid boss AI, bad boss designs. Some of the combat system is better than dark souls, true, but the content is just too short and the characters and bosses design is way too simple and boring."
,Not Recommended,265300,13821000,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Customer Service,"Still cant launch.>inb4 uninstall and reinstall, check game cache, follow their instructions, edit optionsBeen there, done that, doesnt work.Edit 2015-02-17: Still unplayable without using a workaround. Do not buy this game until it is fixed.Edit 2015-03-17: Patched LotF today. Still crashes. Sending DXdiag as requested."
76561197964453942,Recommended,265300,12690026,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Glutes,"It's a good game so far, only at the worshiper.  This is where I notice how bad the targetting system is when I can't attack his minions because the camera would rather focus on him."
,Recommended,265300,12690090,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,LayZ,"Having alot of fun, Hardcore DS fans will be like 'meh' but it aimed at gamers that arent familiar with difficult ARPG and if youve been looking for a western version of a good Action RPG then this and The Witcher 2 are by far my favorites. Sound is epic in this game. Graphics are ridiculously immersive.  8/10 for me"
,Recommended,265300,12689859,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Nuin,"Pretty fun game. If you liked Dark Souls 1 & 2, you'll probably like this one. Doesn't contain as many features as DS2, but has a similar difficulty level (although DS2 bosses are harder). No character creation, which is a minus, but has a reasonable skill/magic level progression.Only 3 classes, so limited replayability. Especially as (apart from the magic) you can essentially play the rogue and the warrior in one play through simply by changing your armour and weapon, if you put some points into agility. This can actually be helpful as versus some bosses you benefit from increased ability to dodge (champion anyone?).The game is hard at first and can be frustrating but once you get used to each type of enemy it's relatively straight forward until you reach a boss, which you then need to figure out.Like DS2, you drop all your experience when you die, but you can retrieve it. However, unlike DS2 the longer it takes you to reach your XP pick-up, the less XP there is when you get there. So the game can be pretty unforgiving, but if you like that then it's good.Visual style is okay I guess, maybe 2 or 3 years out of date but thats alright. The music and sounds are high quality.I've encountered a couple of bugs where if you die by falling sometimes your XP can't be reached. However, there are special items you can use that allow you to get your XP without actually running and getting it (type of potion). I advise never using these unless your XP is bugged as above, as when that happens these potions are the only way to get it back.Other than that, pretty polished game. Recommended."
76561198133981941,Recommended,265300,30219593,Posted: 27 February,all,whippsmichael,Thought it was cool..Nice graphicsGood gameplayNo B.S enemies
,Not Recommended,265300,33642168,Posted: 18 July,all,Titan,"My goodness, all the negative reviews were right and I should have listened. The best way to explain this game is that it's like playing Dark Souls in slow motion, except you're the only one that's slow. Wanna dodge that attack you clearly see coming your way? Well, if you're not spamming the ♥♥♥♥ out of the dodge button, your character is just gonna stand there and take it. Even with the lowest amount of gear equipped, your character rolls like the entire ground is full of mud. The game is just SO boring. The last straw for me was when I encountered these huge 8ft monsters with shields just as big as themselves. Good luck trying to kill those guys without using some kind of exploit or strategy that doesn't take you at least 10 minutes to beat them. I only spent $6  and I feel like I've been ripped off. I will be back to try this game again, but not any time soon.First impression? It sucks.Do you like Dark Souls and are looking for an alternative? Don't choose this as your alternative."
,Recommended,265300,33635660,Posted: 18 July,all,JokingJames2,It alright
,Recommended,265300,23162557,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Elkinda,"the game has some similarities to dark souls, instant 4/10kill yourselvesthe internet is a great place"
76561198065066327,Recommended,265300,21632676,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,TheMagicSpatula,"The developers of this game took a lot of ideas from the Dark Souls series. It is a pretty good game overall. There are some bugs and some mechanics aren't explained very well. They tried to make the game more story based than Dark Souls, but the actual story is mediocre. I bought it for $40 USD when it was on sale, and I feel like I got my money's worth out of it."
76561198032373659,Not Recommended,265300,26625688,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Saraph,Still getting black screen haven't been able to play since I downloaded it. Had the game on my old laptop which was also an Asus and stat's on it was less this one.  i3 processor on this one.  Really bumed out because I love the game and never did finish it.
,Recommended,265300,12723455,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,SirCharming,for god sake its too buggy.. god damm buggy! OK Generally ridiclusly hard at start but it gets to medium difficulty to the end of game.. im at the end of game! but every ♥♥♥♥in time it crashes.. cant finish it.. have good musics but dont know why they are not using it in game that much.. graphics are cool.. engine is slow.. combats are too.. but it is its style.. i mean its not an epic game.. but playble because its unique.. characters.. world.. lore.. and RPG is enough.. but not that much.. i cant recommend this game.. Because That depends what you are looking for..
76561198019984245,Recommended,265300,12742982,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,><,"This is a good game but totally bugged. Enjoyable combat. Strong story. Perfect music. I guess the root of inspiration was the Dark Souls, but this is something different. It is easier and smaller than DS, and there is no special ambience, but it is still fun. I like the game, but strongly recommend do not buy it untill all major issues will be resolved, wait for 2 or 3 serious patches. In other way be prepared to play with ultra-low graphics settings and still get game crash on boss fightning."
76561198013866358,Not Recommended,265300,12734220,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,diggsatron,"im going to first say that if you want to buy this game as a bloodbourne warm up (if you have a ps4) then id hold your purchase. when this game works properly it plays well. the problem here is that is crashes far too often and with the check point system this can mean losing all progress made after departing the last crystal. To put it in other words; its like the game crashing is the same as dying in game. if this incredibly frustrating issue ever gets fixed then I can safely say that this is a good somewhat souls style action RPG.gameplay: if you played the souls franchise this game will feel fimiliar if slower. the biggest emphisase in combat is timing, dont get greedy. there is magic in the game but dont expect it to be as varied as dark souls as there are only two types: your starting class spells and a magic gaunlet found later. there are 3 classes each with four spells to level. the class system however only appiles to magic, all other aspects such as equipment and weapons are talored to stats. so i you played a souls game you know what to expect there. most of the enemies in the game are well designed with a few frustrating exeptions depending on what play style your going for. the best fights in the game are the bosses not counting the final (which is a bit of a letdown), which demand cunning and strategy. you feel an emense sense of satifaction when you finally bring one down gaining a special reward after a victory. the only downside is that there are a limited number in the game. as for the common enemies, there are 2 that will quite possibly make you rage quit a few times. one has the ability sap health from you at a range as well as put defence thorns on himself (if you hit him you also hit yourself) and one you need to fing a jar containing an item to pick up or he will constantly regenerate at critical health. if the game balanced these out more it would be a better product but for now they are a head ache. and if your looking for an online aspect, there is none.story: not much to talk about here. the story is presented in a more traditional manor than dark souls but even so it realy only amounst to ""dark god sends demons, kill them and save the world."" the charater you play, that is Harkyn is your typical brooding tough guy with no personality what so ever they might as well had a silent protaginast. there are npc to interact with but they are just as booring. the only reason to progress in the game is to see all the cool armour sets and weapons in the game. there are instaces of player choice but you will often not realy care about the out come of these nor do they realy matter in the end. all in all the story feels phoned in.level design & art: symply amazing, the level design is brilliant in how sprailing and interwoven the world is. as for the art, this is one of the best examples of high gothic dark fantasy I have ever seen. weapons and armour all have this gloriously powerful and embolding look to them like somthing out of warhammer fantasy. the bosses have the look of giants clad in imposing dark armour brandishing fearsome weapons. if the developers put in as much effort into the bug testing of the game i would give this a recomendation.technical: this is where the game has problems. there area far to many minor bugs in regards to the sound and ui to count. there are far to many instances of enemies shooting trough walls or walking out of backstab animations or extreame hit box problems to say this is a must buy. but the one thing that keeps this game so low is the constant crashing. the biggist fear i had while playing this game was not from the towering demons but from the ""lords of the fallen has stoped working"" screen. when this happens, you lose all progress gained from the last check point including looted items. this is unacceptable for a game that wants to be this punishing.Summary: Lords of the fallen is a game that has the potential to but much greater if some key glaring problems are fixed but for now, wait for this game to be patched."
,Not Recommended,265300,25218310,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Protowhore,"I must say for the game in of itself it was alright but not worth the amount i paid for. Maybe like 15$ and the game would of been worth it. It plays like Dark Souls but not that much of a challenege. The story was quite fast and there wasn't much back story either. There are not very many areas really and the game has you going back to the same areas to find new spots to ""explore"" and kill a new boss or two. That being said i beat the game in less than six hours and only died three times. It looks beautiful and feels very well constructed just not enough story to actually get my attention. I would rather go play Fable again and again then attempt another go at this game. All in all 6/10 in my opinion."
76561198034040939,Recommended,265300,13710453,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,MonkeyTheElephant/DSE,Just the game to scratch that itch between dark souls 2 and bloodborne.
76561198040074047,Recommended,265300,13224762,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Zammy,I like it
,Not Recommended,265300,14942867,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,mulard,"Not Dark Souls. The relatively slow combat was not satisfying as a Dark Souls player who prefers the two hand no shield approach to things. Not a terrible game, but did not scratch that itch that you're probably looking for."
76561198103667564,Recommended,265300,33646168,Posted: 19 July,all,Cres,"Useless controll + kebord and mouse both have slow reation time even with movments ( and ye i have try 5 diffrent crtorller and 2 keybords.That being said, that might just be me or the the is hard then if so then dark souls is child's play compard too this (my opinion)Other then that dident get that far completed the first boss after 500 try's ,like said half oh the time my chr just stands there he dont move or anything that why i die.If u like too die alot play this game. But only if you find an controller or an keybord+mouse that actully works with this game."
,Not Recommended,265300,12743869,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Sir Alonne,"Gameplay grew on me and I really started to enjoy playing. The game became a lot more interesting and fun when I realized that side quests were way off the beaten track and you had to explore quite a bit to find them and complete them. The game is graphically amazing and art direction is equally as good. Has a very satisfying look and feel to it.Why I'm not recommending this game is for two reasons:1. I'm 23 hours in and the game has only just started crashing. To make it worse I was fighting a boss(s) that takes a loooong time to kill, and half way through beating them the game just crashes. I want to complete the game and go into NG+ but I can't.2. You might be under the impression that bosses in this game have varying ways in which they fight depending on what stage their health bar is at - and that's true for a couple of the bosses I've fought - but the majority have been very lackluster and one dimensional. Some of the boss fights are flat out boring, uninspired and generic. I've fought quite a few bosses now and have died maybe a total of 4 times because they're so predictable."
,Not Recommended,265300,13675207,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Smoki,Buy a fork and stab yourself in the eye instead. At least the fork works.
76561198067496786,Recommended,265300,20234242,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,jbravoestrada42,"I beat this game in 17 hours including DLC; which in pretty cool considering I bought it during steam sale and got everything for a little over $16.If this game is on sale then buy it, else wait for it to be on sale."
76561197992121541,Recommended,265300,13161920,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Commandante,In my opinioun Lords of the fallen is the answer of what would happened if dark souls and darksiders married.It looks like mixture of them.I think game is pretty easy than dark souls.Has good graphics and atmosphere and deserves to be played.But it also has serious problems like crashing constantly.It really really irritates when happens in boss fight.For example I almost killed a boss and game crashed and I had to try it several times.Although this serious issue is still continuing developers havent released any patch to solves this yet.EDIT:Crash problem fixed it is better now.Recommended.
,Recommended,265300,34004145,Posted: 3 August,all,rmouta,"Bought this game only after watching the trailer, only to get really surprised by the gameplay, it brought me back to Dark Souls, a difficult game to play, but that is what it makes this game great.The Story is great but not awesome, the graphics are fantastic, the only thing to me, that brings down this game are the dialogs. Despite that, I greatly recommend this game."
76561198067453166,Recommended,265300,33679716,Posted: 20 July,all,Genesis3_1,"Great Souls like experience. Frankly I prefer this over souls as I'm a ""Class features"" kind of guy. Would recommend for anyone interested in these types of games."
,Recommended,265300,16426455,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Prancing Peanut,"A more casual Souls-like game, clearly inspired by the franchise. The combat is also much more sluggish, and less fluid than that in Dark Souls or more recently Bloodborne.The story isn't something to cheer for, but it is entertaining nevertheless. I personally enjoyed the game, the visuals were rather nice and beautiful at parts, especially when looking at the God Hand and snowy regions of the world, even if they're in the background.The armour and weapon style is badass, though some of the later sets get recycled with just a switch in colour palette. All in all, if you want something to fill the spot for more Dark Souls with less difficulty and easier combat, Lords of the Fallen is something to consider.7/10 needs more dark souls"
76561198035370729,Recommended,265300,12692572,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Raziel,"Really enjoying this game. In spite of it's many flaws, it is very compelling and enjoyable. These flaws being slightly dodgy and shaky camera, a few game-crashing bugs and (possibly) unfinishable side quests. But overall a worthy buy, and it is also hard as balls! Recommended for people looking for a challenge before BloodBorne is released."
,Recommended,265300,12677591,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Khimaira [ Insignificant ],Well after 6+ hours into the game and Ive also played Dark Souls.( still need to get round to finishing it.. )This is alot like Dark Souls but it isnt at the same time so to speak.To start with this a hell of alot of funthe combat is nice and fluid and the creeps you face can be a bit of a pain at times but with a bit of pulling a single one here and there they are not so hard but there is still the hard side of dark souls in there in that if you mess up you will be punished for it but not as harsh as Dark Souls but less of the compairing it to Dark Souls because this game is just amazing end of.TLDR : Its a dungeon crawler that is tough and alot of fun.
,Not Recommended,265300,18394396,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Baby Legs™,Just play dank suls 2
76561198056873791,Recommended,265300,31564459,Posted: 5 May,all,Γαῖα,"""Lords Of The Fallen"" and yes it did, very far from the dark souls tree.While pretty its just not such a tough game as its too easy off the bat to go mine a little and become badass way to soon. Whats even more insulting is on the first play through is you dont even need to till somewhere near the end and even then thats only if you want to get the game over like a trip to the dentist.I wouldnt say it wasnt fun, it was, its just its not challenging enough if your use to playing dark (original) or demon souls where staying alive is like giving a thirteen year old porn and not expecting something to happen.Overall what with hidden areas,chests of tinkets,shards,weapons,shields and armor and the adage you can just go commando style i would still thumb this game up but it does get let down by too regular glitches."
76561198031085177,Not Recommended,265300,13773709,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Atnavors,"Epicure said that death is an absence of sensation that can't be feared, because when your dead, you're not here anymore to feel it. I suppose Lords of the Fallen defies that paradox, because I felt boredom at a level of near-death experience.I play for so many years at video game, it never happened to me before that I felt such a boredom fighting that first boss. Sure graphics are supernice. Alright. Pilotwings's on SNES were wonderful too in their time.It is very tough and punitive. I have never played Dark souls or games alike before. But this is clearly overrated and ten thousand leagues under Skyrim and Fable. There's no concrete plot, and ambiance fades as you try to reach your decreasing XP at each death. That fight seems like keep on repeating the fable of the lion and the gnat, and I suppose the whole game is of that stuff. There is more thrill at beginning a 1000 pages book, for you'll not be to reread a thousand times the same pages.That clearly ain't worth the price, pows. Unless you're fan of the Darksouls-like genre."
76561198175963122,Not Recommended,265300,33848509,Posted: 27 July,all,cocainecarl,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!.The absolute worse excuse for a souls-like game to ever hit the market. The controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ The gameplay is unrewarding and feels terrible. Rolling doesn't even give you inv. frames. The combat is wonky and doesn't work how you want it to. This game punishes you for doing anything other than blocking. If you want a game that wastes your time, without ever feeling ""FUN"" in any way shape or form, this is your game. If you want a game that feels good to play then buy any other game than this one."
76561198079567542,Recommended,265300,22107623,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Snowie,"This game starts off pretty good, then gets worst the more you play. If you've never played a game like this before I do recommend it, but if you're like me and have played a lot of darksouls its hard to enjoy this game sadly. Looks pretty though!"
,Recommended,265300,12695015,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,VindicatoR ZA,"I didn't expect it to keep me playing for hous on end, but it did manage to do that with me and while playing I did notice some Souls similarities, but that didn't matter that much and was enjoyable in it's own.I would definitely suggest this to anyone who enjoyed the Souls games."
,Recommended,265300,15835688,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,God,"Great atmosphere, astonishing visuals, merciless bosses, exciting gameplay. I will never understand why there are lots of bad reviews because this game is really good. If you liked games like dark souls, you will also like this. My suggestion to you is not to criticize this game by just looking at the review percentage."
,Recommended,265300,16648303,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Baudisch,"I didn't care about all the negative reviews and I gave this game a chance. And oh boy, I'm thankful that I did that. I was surprised on how good this game was, I couldn't stop playing until I completed it.First let me say that while it has Dark Souls inspired combat, it has nothing to do with Dark Souls. It has its own ambience and its own way of dealing with the story. Regardless, if you liked Dark Souls you will surely love this game (like I did).Pros:Graphics (freaking amazing)CombatSecretsSoundStory (as opposed to most reviews, I really liked the story, except for the ending)Cons:Stupid ending (seriously, is that all???)Too easyShallow level designLittle enemy varietyToo few boss mechanics... AND I HAVEN'T FACED ANY CRASH.If I recommend it? Absolutely.Like Dark Souls? Buy it.Like action games? Buy it.Like The Witcher? Buy it.Like Skyrim? Buy it.Expect an Open World Game? Forget it."
,Recommended,265300,17272795,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,CreeD,"To sum it up: Dark Souls Lite.A little buggy if you don't turn some of the details down (even on a good rig), better looking and sounding than DS, easier with a less complex story.Worth it as a budget buy."
76561198014737187,Recommended,265300,15835971,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Jaynuck,The game is pretty good has some flaws but what game doesn't. The idea that the devs did was pretty spot on for a souls clone but a not bad one. The game has some fustrating parts but is very rewarding. If I would recommend this the answer is yes if you like a game that has a souls feel this is up you ally.
,Recommended,265300,16694246,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SIMON,"Before you look at other people's comments and compare it to mine i bought the game after 7 month of release so i don't know how the game was running before, the optimizing of this game is very close to great the graphics are incredible and the only place i had some fps drops while in boss fight maybe because of nvidia turbulence and i have AMD card but still not much of drop minimum of 28 fps which is very playable.The game is very fun the story not much though, but what i care about this game was the gameplay since it looks similer to dark souls (one of my favorite game of all time) it's not an easy game like everyone is saying and at some places you will rage more than dark souls :P.Overall i haven't finished the game yet but i loved it just like dark souls so if you are a fun of dark souls you must play this one !"
,Recommended,265300,15486784,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ORDINARIES BEGONE,cool game
,Not Recommended,265300,13116516,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Mr. Brown,"A spiritual successor to Dark Souls 2, in that it copies the core experience from the previous Souls game and somehow makes it much, much worse."
76561198053081589,Recommended,265300,20147917,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,aspire,Wow just wow took me 10h to finish this game -_- like wtf.This game is like dark souls but made into easy mode? xD game was ok but ending was bad.Spoiler alert at the trailer you could see this massive had moving as if it was a a end boss but ingame it shows same thing but no fight or anything -_-7/10
,Recommended,265300,19988673,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Draken,"This is similar to darksoul, but with :1) Better controls (mouse + keyboard feel fine)2) Better STORY, not just aimless wondering, but an actual epic story3) Great visuals, designs, armors... very immersive world to explore with modern graphics4) No loss in challenge, the game is as hard as darksoulHighly recommended!"
,Recommended,265300,32654461,Posted: 22 June,all,ChokeSlam!,Not so bad as it is. Just enjoy the story.
76561197960770079,Recommended,265300,20125635,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ace,"7/10 from me, really enjoyed the gameplay! Well worth it during sale.The first playthrough was fun, did a rogue one as well up till third boss but then continued on my cleric.Was an epic game, I lvled all the way up to 84 in the first run, found almost everything there is to find except 1 sword(core, didn't need it) and 2 armor pieces(the statue things, using Tor).Recently started NG+ and was thinking at least I'll get attribute points from chests where I already found the sword/armor from. But nope, got the same swords/armor as i did last run through from most of the chests. SOME armor chests gave energy or magic resist rune insted which I have too many of already and don't need. So after the second boss on NG+ I have to call it a gg. Lvling up after this point 86 is just mindnumbing and pointless, still wont make you that much stronger. Oh and the weapon aquireing progression through out the game is stupidly done. Any normal game you expect to find better weps as you progress, But I found 1 endgame axe very very early, then almost at the end of the game after finding loads of crap weapons i found an even better one(Last Will) that made anything after that useless again, from the second to last normal enemy before the last boss in the game I found a slightly better one(peacemaker) But at this point I didn't feel like running back and slotting it to just finish the last boss. All in all the game was very fun, but the weapons were so extreamly uneven in dmg they really just look cool but offer close to nothing."
76561198068867109,Recommended,265300,12729604,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Einax,"GOOD:- The combat feels Dark Souls style, and it's pretty challenging, so if you wanted more Dark Souls, you should try this game.- The story is interesting, though it's not as detailed as the devs promised it to be.- Lots of different weapons and armor, and overall good loot will keep you interested in the game.- It's good for you if you like Darksiders. You'll find lots of similar moods and design decisions in this game.- Graphics are great. It's not Crysis 3, but lights and particle effects look stunning. Character models are also good.BAD:- PC version's optimization is AWFUL. Frequent crashes (especially last few hours of the game), FPS drops on the high-end PCs, and so on.- Camera's behavior is really odd sometimes.- Although Dark Souls style, combat is very slow. You may find yourself annoyed by how slow Harkyn's moves are. Especially his rolls.- Locations often feel repetitive.- Bosses aren't impressive, they're mostly humanoid, and bossfights are not as satisfying as they should be.- Rogue style of playthrough is much more difficult than Warrior.- The game's too short, I've completed it in 13 hours.- Characters' lip-syncing looks incredibly stupid, lips' moves and voices don't match at all.VERDICTI liked the game, and I think it has lots of potential. However, first of all, the devs need to fix the PC version's issues (as I've heard, PS4 version has lots of bugs too) for the game to be playable and enjoyable. I'll be clearly doing a second run as a rogue or warrior after the game is fixed! I'm looking forward to that. As for now, the game is good, but it's not as good as I wanted it to be. And it's definitely not better than Dark Souls or Darksiders.RATING: 68/100. The game is good. Just good, that's it.If you want to read the thoroughly detailed version of this review, please visit:http://alessusreviews.blogspot.com/2014/10/review-1-long-awaited-piece-of-art.html#more"
,Not Recommended,265300,14451983,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mattaki,"Avoid avoid avoid avoid this game!!!!This game is ridiculously hard.You'll come across a spider shortly after defeating the 1st boss; which is harder than the actual boss fight!!!!!This game could have been so great if you had the option to lower the difficulty level.The graphics are stunningly beautiful with great lighting effects.I gave up on this game after 3hrs due to the difficulty level.Some people may welcome the challenge, but not me!If a game is too hard then I find it totally destroys the enjoyment.I'm not saying games shouldn't be hard, but this hard? Surely not.I would have gave this a 9 out of 10, but now it just gets a lowly 5."
,Recommended,265300,26351640,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,TerribleLiar,"This is a great budget version of Dark Souls. One thing I'll say is that this game is a whole lot easier than Dark Souls. Most bosses I beat my first time. It's not because I'm super amazing. Actually, I was really lazy and just tanked my way through the bosses.Unlike Dark Souls, armor actually makes a huge deal. If you're wearing heavy armor, you don't need to dodge because attacks will barely do any damage and you can just heal it off if you need to. That's seriously how I did most bosses.It's still a really fun game though even if it's a tad easy. I recomend it for everyone, especially for the price. I had low expectations after playing it on Playstation where I got it free, but the terrible framerate made it unplayable. Much better experience at 60+ FPS"
76561197969393189,Recommended,265300,31535726,Posted: 3 May,all,Lord Charnecus,"I was surprised by the quality of this game. People give it a bad recommendation because they think it is a Dark Souls and it is not, but more like a Darksiders. Believe it or not, it doesn't have to be a Dark Souls to be a good game..."
,Recommended,265300,13582600,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,SidiousMaximus,"I really, really, really love this game's nemesis system! At any given time, """"lordsofthefallen.exe has stopped working""  strikes without any warning and is possibly THE hardest boss in any game!"
,Recommended,265300,21124262,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,z4v3k,"Works great on a midrange pc and its a little bit more casual (more fun, less annoying) than DS."
76561198047465813,Not Recommended,265300,14141197,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Frankie4Fngrz,"In a lame attempt to make this game ""difficult"" the developers have opted for repetative gameplay .  You go through a map, forget to search an area, head back into the map and every NPC you just killed has respawned to battle again. Lazy, lazy, lazy development. Do not buy this game, if you must have it, wait until its $10 on a steam sale."
,Not Recommended,265300,20080372,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,konge,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEIt wouldn't even let get to the ♥♥♥♥ing menu - it crashes after its stupid ad intro. In addition, according to its forums this is an old issue dating back to early 2014, yet they haven't fixed it.No idea whether this game is fun to play or not, because it's literally unplayable. Waste of money. Will try and see if I can get a refund and buy something else instead."
,Recommended,265300,19206628,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Anodyne,Good game.+Looks good.+Plays well.+Mechanics are simple but.... meh. Its fun to smash enemies and use the abilities this game has available.+Slightly more light hearted take on Souls style combat and gameplay.+Actually tells you the story instead of letting you speculate it all. It wants to tell you a story so it does.+Small learning curve despite a decent challenge.+Weapons and armor not only look cool but often perform differently. There are lots of em too.-Its simple. Not a bad thing but worth noting. Its alos relatively easy to become very powerful with little more than a single build.-Enemies get more than a little repetative in some areas. Not so bad. Bosses are still good.-Story is... not bad. But not gonna blow anyones mind either.-Characters are interesting but theres only like... 2-3 of them... maybe 4.... Other than PC and bosses.-One PC. No character creation.So. Its not gonna blow your mind. As always I recommend buying on sale. Itl give you a few good hours of fun. Its also like a less hcore version of DarkSouls. Though dont tell the Bosses that. They hit just as hard.Just things like weapons and armor dont degrade. Mana regens and health can be healed with 1-2 mana using abilities.:7.5/10Good game.
,Not Recommended,265300,33893848,Posted: 29 July,all,Adam,"They came oh so close to creating an alternative to Souls series, but unfortunately in a game that is designed to be difficult, subpar, clunky controls and bad enemy behavior doesnt quite cut it.I dont mean to make it sound like I'm bashing this game, because it was a difficult choice to refund it, but its just too clunky to be enjoyed all the way through."
,Recommended,265300,20816501,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Pocky,"This review is from someone who has not played any of the Dark Souls games.To start I think this is a good game and worth your time.The first 3 hours or so of the game I found frustrating. The combat seemed clunky, the game was confusing and lacked direction, the areas were confusing and there is no in-game map.After those initial 3 hours, I started to get the hang of the combat. I still feel it isn't super tight, but you start to learn what will hit you and what won't. You learn the attack windows and get the hang of the various weapons. The structure eventually becomes familiar and you understand how progression will take place. Give it 3 or so hours, you'll know if you like it by that point. I put about 15 hours into the game, and I think that was good for the price. I didn't really have a desire to go back and do New Game + but its there too.Pros:- Looks nice. I really liked the armor and weapon designs.- Lots of options for character creation and leveling.- Cool bosses.- Worked great on a controller.- Lots of secrets for those willing to explore carefully.Cons:- Combat feels clunky. It gets better, but still don't feel it is super tight.- Difficulty ramp was sort of reversed. Harder at the beginning than torward the end. Somewhat due to leveling, but also due to being better at the game.- NO MAP!"
76561197983111454,Recommended,265300,19432083,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Squary,"The combat:The combat feels rather slow-ish but very impactful. The movement is very weird. Rolling feels kinda wrong. Even fast rolling  seems slow. Walking away seems more effective but rolling generates alot of invincibility frames. It's overall really strange. And in addition to that, there are no running attacks making boss fights a bit more difficult and anoying.Overall, not to shabby, not great either.Map design:The map design is a bloody mess. Alot of corridors look exactly the same and alot of objects blend into the enviroment.I overlooked NPCs aswell as the paths where i was supposed to go. Also, there is no teleport system. While you can acess the blacksmith from alot of different stations, you can't do that with the monk who enhances your potions. Alot of backtracking is involved in this open world game. Shortcuts open up rather often so its not to terrible but it's still no good.Also, you never really know where to go. Since all the paths look the same you run around in circles alot and if you get lost. That's beyond anoying. Its especially terrible in the later sections of the game.Item distribution:The beginning seems solid. They give you alot of variations that all look nice. However, at the later stages of the game they just throw at you plenty of epic weapons and armor that are twice as good as the ones you used before. That felt awefully off.Difficulty:It's solid. I managed to do a couple of bosses on my first attempt. Some not. Overall, still challenging.Graphics and Performance:The game performs finely. 60fps @ highest settings with a gtx 970 is nice to have. Overall it looks impressive. Only the hair of characters look aweful. Also, the game crashed twice within 10 hours and the voice acting is all over the place.Conclusion:I'm in love with this genre. And because of the lack of games that adopt this genre i am willing to overlook all of its flaws and play more of it. If you are like me, thirsting for more games like Dark souls then you can pick it up. If not, stay away from this game."
76561197964444643,Recommended,265300,19803397,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,KungFu,"I really enjoyed this game. I actually played it back to back (two different play throughs) with using two different builds (Cleric then Rogue). If you are new to this type of game, i would recommend starting with a cleric build. These builds can take a beating and Protect spell will allow for ample healing later on the game. It plays like a Souls game (concept wise) but I don't think it is a fair comparison. I'm a huge Souls fan and appreciate the mechanics of the game genre.Many reviews state the game play is slow for combat. This is somewhat true. Most of the weapons are heavy and require good timing to swing, but this adds the reality to the fighting. Two handed weapons would be this slow in true combat.I think if you approach this game with the mindset of having a Souls experience, you may be disappointed, but if you keep in mind that this is more of a mechanics type of souls experience then you will enjoy the game. in my opinion the game starts off as hard as a Souls game but you eventually build your charactor high enough were you start dominating the game, unlike souls, no matter how high you level up you are still always vulnerable.in any case. Great graphics, cool environment (levels do connect like the original Dark Souls 1 levels), fun fighting. Story is OK. But this is a fun play (while you are waiting for Souls III :) ).My only complaint on the game would be the camera angle. At time during battle the camera will move to an angle where some part of the environment would block your view. This was annoying at times but only happened a handful of times throughout the game.Enjoy"
76561198340882743,Recommended,265300,31777143,Posted: 15 May,all,Igotchyafool,"Have no time or don't want to GIT GUD? Then this Dark Souls simulator is a perfect choice for you!It has everything, that DS does not provide you with:1. Big♥♥♥♥♥shiny metal armor so cool, that you will start to fear yourself even through the monitor.2. Huge greatswords, axes and scythes as big as mammoth's genitals, that actually have impact on your pathetic and pitty enemies.3. Strong magic that even allows you to cast fire assasins, that even Merlin himself would envy you and weep in the corner.4. FINALLY, this game provides you with a feeling that you can crush those unlucky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s swarming in the dungeons and castles that decided to step in your way, without sacrificing virgins and your first-born to the altar of FromSoftware.10/10 would never even try to GIT GUD again with this game"
,Recommended,265300,29842529,Posted: 11 February,all,SvegX,"This was a fun and intresting game to say the least. Control took some time and was still discovering some of it halfway through the game.Great action, Gameplay, and combat.If a fan of action RPG with games like Darksouls, shadow of mordor, and Vindictus. You'll enjoy this game as well.I hope they do another one!"
,Recommended,265300,20140369,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,[SpS|GM]Mardan-CrunchyInTheory,"Lords of the Fallen is an Action RPG much like Dark Souls and Demon's Souls. In fact, you could probably draw more similaries with Dark Souls II rather than with Dark Souls I if you've played those games, just because of how the combat feels. It definitely has a clunkier feel than Souls does, but that works for this game because of the way the bosses, enemies, weapons, and shields are designed. The game has a much more 'character driven' feel to it due to the importance of your choices in dialogue, and the voice acted main character whose name and appearance you cannot change.Harkyn, your character, was imprisoned for his heinous crimes, but was freed when the demonic Rhogar Lords began invading this realm. Your job is to put an end to their tyranny, and you are the only one who can do it.- Pros -The combat feels great. You are encouraged to use your shield more in Lords than in Souls, because most of the time you are unable to 'roll through' attacks in the same way.Graphics are amazing. By far better looking than Souls in every way. From the lighting to the shadows to the shaders to the textures this game looks great. The animations and cloth physics, however, stand out far above the rest as true beacons of this game's beauty.Design is definitely different than the Souls games, but that's a good thing. Bosses have (mostly) unique-feeling designs and the environments look gorgeous. The weapons and armor have that really humongous-yet-complex look that fits perfectly with Harkyn and the game in general.Level Design is very good. I thought it was really interesting how the game had you backtrack through levels but using a different route and to a different destination that was unavailable before.I loved how the game ended. Seeing a culmination of your choices like that rather than ""walk toward or away from the bonfire"" was really nice and made me want to see what happened differently in NG+.The game lets you save at a checkpoint without activating the checkpoint's in-game effects. Please, Dark Souls III, feature this.Each of the bosses has a unique challenge (for instance, don't knock over any of the barrels used for a boss's special attack) that, if completed, gives you a unique version of the weapon it would normally drop.- Neutral -Weapon movesets may feel odd at times; he doesn't hold the greatswords, for example, the way you'd expect him to.I couldn't get the running shield bash to work half the time. I started running and he would put down the shield. Odd.Armor doesn't seem to be balanced very well. When Light Armor weighs more and defends more than the factory new Heavy Armor you just found, you know something's amiss.You can't reallocate your skill points.The UI can be hard to learn in the beginning, especially equipping new spells.The game had minor issues before I performed some fixes. I installed Legacy PhysX drivers, disabled Vsync and enabled frame rate cap, and ran the game in Fullscreen and it worked perfectly after that.The save points don't reset the enemies in the area. There is, however, a timer that prevents you from having infinite health and potions just from visiting a checkpoint.- The Cons -The DLC is absolutely horrid. Don't waste your money on it.The cutscenes can be awkward. It seems as though the animations for dialogue were done by a different person than the one responsible for the combat anims. Characters will fling their limbs about when expressing very mild emotions, and the voice acting isn't fantastic either. Kaslo's, in particular, voice sounds really forced and phoned-in.It's easy. I hardly ever died to enemies after I got decent weapons and armor. The reason I'm making this a con is that the bosses can be oddly challenging in comparison, and I was frankly expecting harder enemies from a Soulslike.Customization is not great. The game really wants you to be 'Harkyn'. I can't be 'Mardan the Warrior-Mage' like I can in Dark Souls II, wearing Medium armor and wielding a staff, a shield and a greatsword but still rolling around like an excited child. No, you are going to be an armored tank in Lords. It's hard for me to fear smaller enemies when literally every square inch of myself is covered with steel plate. Even the 'rogue' class doesn't feel very light. Rolling feels horrible, and I'd reccomend that you just roll (pardon the pun) with the heavy shield playstyle. There are four spells per class, and you can't change your class after character creation.Sometimes there's a general lack of direction on where to go. This is good, because it challenges you to think of the right path, eeexcept when the only direction is the name of an area you've never heard before in the game.Lack of NPCs. Seriously, there are like 5.Lack of thorough character development. Most of the characters are just generic 'military guy' or 'Yoda' or 'adventurous spunky character'- Final Verdict -Overall, Lords of the Fallen is a great nod to the famous Souls series and is fantastic at differentiating itself enough to not be a 'clone'. It has very high production value, its combat is satisfying, its graphics are utterly beautiful, but its variety is offputting. You'll find yourself fighting similar enemies over and over in several different beautifully-rendered environments. You'll find powerful new weapons through the interesting loot system, and upgrade them with stat-boosting runes. The story will intrigue you, and the ending will make you wonder about what could have been.Should you buy it? If you liked the Souls games, or just want to try this one, then yes, buy it. It's a steal on sale at 80% off, which is when I picked it up. The DLC, however, is a different matter entirely.I'm taking a whole point off because of the lack of enemy variety. It really is distracting toward the end, and takes away a lot of the challenge and unique feeling of the different areas. Imagine if Dark Souls's Lost Izalith had regular hollows in it.Final Verdict: 7.5/10 - Greathttp://store.steampowered.com/app/265300/"
76561198004096601,Recommended,265300,20156310,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Offline,"Good:If you play it not expecting Dark Souls, you will have a good time.This game is better than most games out there but sadly in my opinion it had a rough launch and got a somewhat bad reputation from the get go.I bought this game expecting a buggy mess with pretty graphics but with a few hours of playtime. I can honestly say, even after spending many, many hours with the Souls games that, this game is different, rich in weapons and content and fun to play. It is so satisfying to hit things in this game. The multiplier (not multiplayer, this game is strictly singleplayer)- system is a great addition where you can go back to previous areas ang kill weaker enemies to increase your multiplier, and then go and earn some major exp.Sure, the enemies and the locations can get a LITTLE repetetive but no where close to what people are saying, I mean the detailed enviornments are incredible and well layed out. It FEELS like you are making progress and it is FUN.It is not Dark Souls, it does not even come close to that complexity, but it does not fall flat on it's face.The enemy A.I is good and it manages to surprise you. The same goes for the Bosses. Some bosses are harder than those in Dark Souls... I do not know if this game intended this or if it is a result of poor balancing but you can get DESTROYED in a few areas, which is good.There are so many weapons and Armours, and granted you will not use them all, they are there to play around with.The rune system to imbue your gear is good and simple and gives you a reason to grind some enemies, if you like grinding that is.Bad:The lore is forgettable and not really interesting at all, but luckily you can totally bypass it. It would have been better to not have ANY lore, then there might have been a mystery to solve but for some reason they went with a lackluster story.There are a few bugs I have noticed, with closed doors looking like they are open and one crash when switching weapons. I have also heard that there might be a game breaking bug after fighting the second boss but I have not noticed it.The new game system is kind of a gray zone for me. You can not play with the same character past NG++. It is not unlimited like Dark Souls.TLDR:The combat is satisfying and you can choose to play in whatever way you want. There are not many spells but you can use them all. Level up, get stronger, progress. Forget the story and just kill stuff in a very, very pretty world. It is hard enough and the bosses are rewarding. Everything is so BUFF AND COOL AND AWESOME LOOKING OMG. Really good artists. This is one of those hidden gems, plagued with a few issues and a bad reputation, but if you can see past it, you might just love it."
,Recommended,265300,20131543,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lancer VI,"I just completed my first run through of the game and enjoyed it.It's like Dark Souls, but way simpler and much easier. It has lots of weapons and armor, but the move sets of the different weapons is very small. Hammers all swing alike, Swords all swing alike, axes and so on.The story was muddled, but a somewhat interesting god vs man theme. I never got a clear sense of why I was there doing what I was doing, except that I was a criminal/sinner being used by the people who imprisoned me.  The scenery was quite good, graphics wise, but a good amount of the game is very similar to being inside an oblivion gate from Elder Scrolls: Oblivion. If you showed someone the levels and said it was an ""updated oblivion"" you'd except that idea without thought; they're so similar.The graphics are pretty good in my estimation. I found myself thinking that Dark Souls should look like Lords of the Fallen and that Lords of the Fallen should play more like Dark Souls.At the end of the day, this is a fun game and I enjoyed it. I wouldn't recommend buying it at full price, but on sale ($20 or less) it's a pretty good game."
,Recommended,265300,25941910,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Daysent,"Great game if you dont compare it to the dark souls franchise, holds up against alot of good RPGs, probably one of the best ones ive played in-terms of dificulty and level design.storyline is a bit dull due to the dialogue being too simple as if any 13 year old is gonna play this game. But I blame the gaming industry for that.P.S please if you're deciding to release a sequal or another game, don't release it like its in f*cking beta. Theres no reason why the game should crash mid-game on a high end pc, A YEAR AFTER THE RELEASE MIND YOU!I tried everything your support team told me to do and i still crash. the support team should be a lord you get to defeat for this game since theyre just as annoying"
76561198128305702,Recommended,265300,30277867,Posted: 2 March,all,crvuono,"played and destroyed this game on xbox1 just havent had time to get into it on the pcbut this game is awesome. i loved the gameplay while it is very similiar to dark soulsit is NOT dark souls. it is unique, if you are wearing that big heavy armor expect to get hitevery once in a while while you deal out heavy damage of your own."
,Recommended,265300,30350998,Posted: 5 March,all,spaneika,"If you've played Dark Souls, then you know what you're getting into. Extremely competent game that stands on its own. Not as good as FromSoftware's offerings, but good enough. 3/5 lords."
,Not Recommended,265300,29386632,Posted: 20 January,all,DOY,"This is my unbiased review with the game as a lot of people seem to be comparing to darks souls for whatever reason; I've never played dark souls. This game is a garbled mess.For some reason some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a developer thought that placing flavour text riddle style for all armor and weapon stat descriptions. This is insufferably annoying because here in 2017 i am unable to find a resource that tells me the set bonuses for specific armor sets. How is a player suppose to create a build when information is missingThe combat is clunky. Several required skill movements and combos aren't even shown to the player. For example, fighting enemies using shields is frustrating unless you use shield bashing.The recommended hardware on the store page is also lying. You would probably need at least 12 GB of ram because I had to set my paging file from 8 Gb to 12 GB to stop crashing every ♥♥♥♥ing 15 minutes; this is running only high textures and not ultra. The worst part is that the first day i played the game it was running flawlessly for 4 hours so no refund was possible for me.Price tag of $50 CAD honestly this game is a turd; this was the release price from what i can remeber. If you manage to get this game on sale for 15$ - 20$ CAD its okay if you really want to play this game inclsuive of all dlc and what not. But honestly this game does everything in its power to just annoy the player. Hidden stats, clunky combat, risk/reward that makes no sense (because you actually have to 'store' your earned exp to gain a higher loot drop rate and exp rewards) as it stops you from progressively leveling.Story so far is just cliche and main character is unlikable so its not even a good single player experience.I honestly wouldn't buy anything from this developer again due to the quality of this game being so poor."
,Recommended,265300,35165863,Posted: 23 September,all,A1375,"Story : Awesome but too shortgraphics : pretty well and optimizedGameplay : niceit really feels good that u can level up infinite and it doesn't end up anyway.u will experience full of challenge in first and big bosses and boss fight.but the bad thing is that u have no reason to play after u got everything xDif u do have no patience for killing or level up , this game is not a good for u but if u do , so pick it and enjoy the whole Great Storyline with Love."
76561198061015436,Not Recommended,265300,33309655,Posted: 6 July,all,Ian,"If you wanna play dark souls except your character is coverved in molases head to toe, this game is for youSkeletal and bland story that's a bit shorter than it feels it should be. Graphics are very nice imo, but just barely make up for gameplay. Swords take ages, short swords and daggers do so little their speed just isnt a viable trade off, and if you're planning to use a greatsword I hope you have a fidget spinner or something to keep you occupied while you wait for your swing to connect. Even on a low equip load you still move like an amored tank trodding around.It's not terrible, i've actually run through it twice now, but even for a game thats goal is to be a clunky souls the movement is just too unbalanced, the world is small, and the story would only be excusable if you were getting more out of it."
,Not Recommended,265300,33011700,Posted: 29 June,all,João Swanson,"I bought this game almost 3 years after its release, and it still crashes at the 2nd boss, which has been a known bug for a very long time. Because of this I can't recommend this game to anyone.I paid 6€ for the game and it was still too much.  If the game was stable I think it would be worth it on sale. It seemed to have ok combat mechanics. Even though it's not very original, it was still a fun action RPG... but what do I know? I could only reach the 2nd boss."
,Not Recommended,265300,12721106,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Oggab0gga,"At the moment, this game is a buggy mess. The first boss noclipped through the floor, forcing me to restart. Then, when i got to the second boss, he froze half of the times i tried to fight him. Instead of getting that crystal wall thing around him, he stood still. I did not want to cheese him, so i restarted. Similar♥♥♥♥♥♥has happened a lot during the few hours i have played the gameThe voice acting is sub-par at bestThe game is forgiving where it needs to be hard, and hard where it needs to be forgiving. Introducing the player to fighting 2-3 otherwise difficult enemies AT ONCE early in the game, with a high possibility of the boss bugging out and joining in, is a bit harsh.The boss fights are a bit tedious, due to the limited movesets, and success just about relies on how heavy your armor is and if you have the decoy spell thing - this needs a nerf, also. Just spam that and you automatically win."
76561198062515231,Recommended,265300,19976378,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TAW|Nostradankus,"To give a bit of perspective, I picked up this game - sans DLC - for under 10 bucks, so this clearly influences my opinion of it. Also note that I have played over 300 h of Dark Souls and DSII combined, so whatever I say about the difficulty should be taken with a grain of salt.I liked the game. If you can pick it up a good discount and you need your Souls fix then go for it. That being said, the game has it fair share of issues. I've had a bug where messages telling me a door or chest needed a key would stop appearing about halfway through my playthrough. Damage number also didn't show up any more. Other than that, I had a mostly bug-free experience, eventhough the camera can sometimes be finnicky, especially in tight quarters.On my i7 5th Gen CPU and GTX 780 GPU the game ran smooth pretty much from start to finish. I've had FPS loss some times, but only ever for short periods of time and never below 30.The game looks absolutely gorgeous, both in terms of the art design and the graphics themselves. I loved all the designs, from enemies to armor to the environment. Certain areas can look a bit too similar at times, which leads to a bit of confusion, but overall this game looks - and sounds - very good.Talking about confusing, the layout of the game is very reminiscent of Dark Souls aswell, with a lot of play area in a rather small geographical space. Most areas are interconnected and exploring to find secret passages is a lot of fun.The last point I wanna talk about is the game play itself. I'm not gonna tell you how it's a lot like Dark Souls, you probably already guessed that. I'd rather point out the for me biggest flaw with the gameplay.The player is too slow. Not by much. But just enough to be frustrating in certain places. What I mean by that is that after you attack with most weapons you have a short ""downtime"", a second or so during which you just stand there and can't move or roll away. This by itself is fine, a lot of games have that. But the downtime is just that bit too long, meaning that a lot of the time enemies can punish you for an attack and there is nothing you can do. Their afterswing and stagger just are too short. So with certain enemies winning isnt a matter of being more skilled, it's just a matter of the AI not capitalising on your after swing downtime to combo you to death.On the other hand, I found the later bosses to be fairly easy, almost push overs actually.So, in the end, would I reccommend this game? If you have played Dark Souls and you're waiting for Dark Souls III and need your fix, then pick it up on sale.If you haven't played Dark Souls yet, go play Dark Souls. It's cheaper and aside from the graphics simpily a better game."
76561198038582471,Recommended,265300,25422244,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,CAPS OFFICIAL,7.8/10
,Recommended,265300,13780141,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Super-ego,"I have finished this game on a debatably medium PC. It has not crashed once on me. The 1.4 patch did wonders, I guess. Otherwise, I found the game to be quite entertaining. It has a small world, yes, but it's filled to the tip, and you'll be backtracking a lot, since some areas open only later in the game. The design is kind of power fantasy, you look like a spiky tank most of the time, and the enemies are grotesque. The combat is clunky, albeit realistic. It focuses on tactical blocking, evading and timing of your hits, and the heavy weapons WILL feel heavy (some of them need two hands to be used, regardless of your strength). It kinda forces you to use all the tools at your disposal, which is a good thing, since it varies the gameplay and forces you to think up strategies on the go. The main story is meh, but you are a criminal and you can totally mess up humanity if you chose one of the three possible endings, so in the end it's fine by my standards."
,Recommended,265300,12858104,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Cynothoglys,kinda good
76561198111954721,Not Recommended,265300,20898171,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Mr. Steal your humanity,"(Money well wasted)!They basically took Dark Souls 2, tweaked it, but everything they changed was for the worse. I say Dark Souls 2 (which is in fact the worst one in the series) because of the slow ""fluid"" combat, slow rolling etc. The story is messy and unoriginal. You can only play as the same boring character, and there is no multiplayer what-so-ever. Only thing they did well in this game was the graphics. The design was... meh. Another thing that made this game really boring was the increativity. About every boss is just a big muscular guy in armor, as well as most of the enemies...After playing this game for about 24 hours, I can safely say: I would rather play through Dark Souls 2 for the 40th time, than this game once..."
76561197980044258,Recommended,265300,20432505,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Dr.Boss,"So I played this game before I played Dark Souls. Here are my pros and cons.Pros:- Reasonable difficulty level. Each enemy has its own strategy to defeat it, but mistakes are punished hard.- amazing graphics- non linear world/map layout. lots of things to explore- no minimap or map in general. you have to look twice to find everything ( i have missed several treasure chests because of rushing through an area)- easy to learn, hard to master combat system- few class options but significant changes in playstyle ( equipping another weapon could feel like a whole new class )- advanced equipment system needs you to care for things like weight or poise- lots of non randomized gear- rewarding experience system ( the more enemies you kill without dying/saving the more exp you'll get from a kill)- the game runs very stable. i had no crashes or something in over 30 hours playingCons:- heavy backtracking. this whole game basically takes place in one giant keep and most of the doors are locked until later in the game- story is very standard. dialog choices are mostly irrelevant- magic is very buggy. it misses often- descriptions of trinkets are often unclear. look them up to see what they are doing- no new weapons in ""new game plus"" or aboveI had a lot of fun with this game and i recommend it to everyone who likes action-rpgs and overcoming challenges. And I also recommend to finish this game at least twice to find all items.edit after playing Dark Souls 2 SotfS:Lords of the Fallen is way better than Dark Souls 2. Much better graphics, better controls, better item customization, better overall fairness/difficulty.Only the length of this game is shorter, but i guess Dark Souls is only longer because you will die so often to bugs or unfair things like mobs hitting you through walls or somebody invading you as you try to catch your lost souls.buy this game - have fun"
,Recommended,265300,20668523,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Zanfroni,"Lords Of The Fallen (2014):Lords Of The Fallen is developed by CI Games and Deck 13 and it is published by Namco Bandai. This game is an Action RPG pretty much like the ""Souls"" franchise. It has alot of similarities. Inspiration from a great franchise is always good, but is the game itself any good?I'm a huge fan of the ""Souls"" franchise. I played all the way from Demon's Souls to the latest Bloodborne, and I was excited when I've seen the trailer for this game. It looked pretty nice, so I bought the pre-order, hoping to get a great and challenging experience.Now I'll say this right out of the bat, this game looks very nice. The visuals are outstanding, and the art direction is great, although not anything unique. We enter castles, monasteries, demon worlds and shattered places by demonic portals. The gameplay is also great, I was very satisfied. Some people were very disappointed with it, but I had a great time approaching this more realistic style, where every hit felt real.Unfortunately, the game insists in telling a dumb story about redemption. And really, I couldn't give a damn for what was happening. It's not an investing story and you'll end up hating the game if you play it for it's storytelling. The game also features tons of weird glitches and bugs that occasionally happen. There are videos on youtube showing them, but I haven't found any gamebreaking bug. The game was heavily criticized for its optimization and I have to agree. On launch, this game was sometimes unplayable for me, and some people experienced constant crashes and freezes. Never happened to me though.The enemies look nice and are fun to combat, although they can start to get a bit repetitive towards the end. But the challenge is there, and it's nicely implemented. This game is challenging, but never unfair. Unfortunatelly though, I expected a bit more challenge, and that is thanks to some poor level design and some PRETTY bad boss fights. Some of the bosses are extremely fun to play and sometimes masterfully designed and executed, but some others (the second boss, for instance), can make you snooze.The game doesn't have Multiplayer nor any extra mode, but it does have NG+ games, where you replay the entire with the equipment you've been keeping, only the game is harder. It's a quite short experience though, and the DLC (Ancient Labyrinth) is horrible, it's not worth getting (unless on a sale AT LEAST 66%).But overall, I enjoyed playing this game and I think it's quite refreshing to see more games like Lords Of The Fallen and the ""Souls"" franchise.PROS:-Nice challenge-Looks great-Diversity on weapons-Some very fun and challenging bossesCONS:-Some bosses are a joke-Forgettable story and soundtrack-Shorter than you might expect===It's a good challenging game. Buy it on sale if you like games like ""Souls"" or challenging games.===GRADE: B"
,Recommended,265300,19703946,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Squareslug,"Not much of a Dark Souls player but this game is much more forgiving than your average Dark Souls game. It certainly helped quite a bit as I probably wouldn't have bothered to finish it otherwise. It's a decent game overall. I'd barely recommend it, most likely to people who want to play an easier Souls game."
76561198044494958,Recommended,265300,20443293,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,TheManWhoEats,"I Like Lords of the Fallen. It's got most of the ingredients for a fun game. It looks rather great, the sound design is passable and it runs pretty well. It lifts gameplay mechanics from one of the better RPGs in a long while, though it doesn't implement these mechanics quite as well. The combat is tight and tactical, but can get repetitive. Despite its flaws, it's definitely worth a try. 7/10."
,Recommended,265300,20563715,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,PaperPunk,"Didn't know it required DirectX 11. My AMD card is too old to support that, meaning it crashes upon startup.Lesson learned boys and girls. Check the game requirements before you buy.That said, I'm gonna keep it until I get a better PC."
76561198084935818,Recommended,265300,20590657,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Edman,"Very fun game, plenty of replay potential, max lvl 4th spells are very cool and if going faith build you can use them all.The combat is enjoyable, love the slow motion kills, the mechanics for boss fights are fun (phase changes) the scenary is lovely and the detail on the weapons and armor (mainly armor) is INCREDIBLE!few things are a little pointless/random like the luck system is bogus..dont put more than 1 pt into it and the crafting (if u could call it that) is a simple *break this rune, and put it in/take out of item you want.*WARNING: dont hold onto too much xp (souls for the dark souls people) i've lost 200k and 300k xp before.But i would still highly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,265300,19591711,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,thepopim,"TLDR:  Buy if you are desperate for a quick game that is heavily inspired by the souls series but BE prepared to be dissapointed because it is waaay shorter. AND NEVER BUY THIS GAME WITHOUT A DECENT STEAM DISCOUNT!PROS :-good graphics. waay better than the souls games ( other than bloodborne ofc),- Great melee combat, more realistic version of souls melee. with actual weight behind attacks-  great character design-well designed levels-Great armor and weapon designCONS :-WORTHLESS NEW game +!!!! AND THIS IS THE WORST OFFENCE. ONLY 1 new armor set in new game + Just ONE! ( if you guys find more equipment pls tell me. I for one cant find any )-no gameplay outside of the main story.  No exploration.-Flavour text makes no sense, I got a legendary sword that gets stronger with each kill and a weapon from another world.... both of them deals half as much damage as the weapon you get from frkn palace guards in the late game that in the lore , couldnt even kill 1 rhogar lord! but they wield weapons 3 times stronger!!! WTF-SPOILER !!! ......A certain point in the game sets it up so that you get to choose sides, but you actualy dont!  Near the end of the game you find out that your true enemy is someone else from the ""god"" you are supposed to kill. and instead of being given the choice whether to belive him or not harken belives him just like that! and procedes to fight against the entire human army! How does he know that the ghostly figure of his dead friend is not an illusion?-Plot is barely explained. as detailed by my rant below-World map size is small not even half of dark souls 1- game length is short. I only got to 20 hours because I forced myself to get the secret weapons of the bosses. which by the way are all useless as they rarely deal more damage than the weapons you get before facing them.- skills are there but barely needed for actual combat. I went warior but never and I mean NEVER needed to use my skills other than for solving an ocational puzzle. I got them just for the sake of being able to enjoy the warior class but I could and normaly dont use them anyway. they could have given skills more importance or impact in the game.-weapons and armor are recolored and reused. at first you Apreciate the good looks of equipment. then you realize that the late game version is a recolored version of that same armor. hell even the kinks and scratches are in the same place! WTFLong Rant version :-Bought the game on sale and went in knowing that it is a  subpar dark souls. and despite that I enjoyed the game, that is untill I got to new game + Frgn new game plus barely has anything + about it. only I found only 1 new armor set! WTF Kind of new game + is that? Oh and the story is even more vague than Dark Souls. Why is Harken a prissoner? What the hell was the opening scene about?  What was the hammer that he got in the opening cutscene? Why did the final boss turn into that? And the world map is barely as big as half of the Dark souls original map. Probablt only as big as Anor Londo + sens fortress + Seaths  castle. And though the armors in the game do look cool the problem with them is that the late game armor is nothing more than a recolored version of earlier armor pieces. And the item descriptions are fckn dissapointing. You get a legendary weapon of some sort that has half the damage of the weapons you get from the palace soldiers late in the game? wtf ."
76561197970921475,Recommended,265300,19720225,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Chubain,"The game was fun.  It can be challenging to play as a rogue type player, but worth the effort to learn."
76561197970964299,Recommended,265300,20465465,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Magick Mak,"It's not Dark Souls but it shares a lot of similarities (combat, lore, xp loss from dying, etc).  I'm not too far in but the normal enemies seem easier.  There also seems to be a lot more lore, some actual quests, and more dialogue with NPCs.  I like the style of Bloodborne and Dark Souls 1+2 a bit more but I'd suggest it to other people like me that are looking for something similar.You will still probably die and have fun in the process.It's definitely a step in the right direction but if there is going to be more plot I'd prefer it to be more interesting plot.  Maybe convince the makers of Castlevania LoS (with Patrick Stewart as the narrator) to write the story and use LoF gameplay."
76561197977086836,Recommended,265300,20847080,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,OxyRottin,"This is my first review but I just felt obligated to do a review on a game I passed up for so long.So i'm sure you've read in just about EVERY review/comment/description of LotF that it draws heavy similarities to the Dark Souls series. And it definitely does. But a key point I've only seen one other reviewer make is that it also feels just as similair to Darksiders with a bit of Shadows of Mordor. If you enjoyed any 3 of those games you should pick this game up (preferably on sale!).The Good, Neutral, and Bad+ The difficulty curve is very well done, boss fights are about half as hard as Soulsborne bosses I'd say, but some of the regular enemies can be just as difficult and annoying.  Just make sure you're upgrading your weapons, armor, and stats as you go!+ Really liked the XP multiplier mechanic, sometimes it's worth it to go big and not use a checkpoint since the XP can go all the way up to being doubled what you'd normally get.+ I don't normally like using Magic all that much in 3rd Person Action RPGs, with the exception of Shadows of Mordor, but I really liked it here. You have regular spells which can buff/heal/distract and you also have what's called a Gauntlet, which is a cannon-like thing on your hand that shoots 3 different styles (Shotgun blast-like, Projectile, and Explosive/Grenade). More importantly you can imbue the different shot styles with elements (Poison, Fire, Magic, etc) which more likely than not will provide a great DoT. The fact that some of the Gauntlet shots go through shields of enemies sometimes proved INVALUABLE, as some of the Tower Shielded foes can be very hard to hit and provide a very small window to attack them after they do. Just imbue some fire to a projectile and watch those suckers burn behind their wall of wood.= Generic fantasy medieval setting, but the graphics are above average= Combat will be very familiar to any Souls vet, albeit a little clunkier, and without the fantastic multiple combos the series is known for.- My biggest complaint is the fact that there is no multiplayer at all. At the very least I feel like the game could of excelled from having a designated phased area where players could PVP, there's a good enough diversity in builds and playstyles to support it staying relatively fresh. Co-Op could of worked well too.- My second biggest complaint is just a personal one and it's more a QoL issue. There's no Fast Travel. You'll have to do a bit of backtracking in the game at some points (the game does provide numerous shortcuts though thankfully), and you might want to return to earlier levels to farm/hunt for items so the fact that there is no Fast Travel at any point in the game can be quite the bummer at times. I'm not asking for a Fast Travel for every checkpoint crystal, as there are numerous, but an option to port to the beginning of each major area would of been nice.Overall I'd give it a solid 8/10. No more, no less.If you've played the Soulsborne series to death and are itching for a fix before the GOTY 2016 holy grail masterpiece god-sent Dark Souls 3 comes out, pick this up."
,Recommended,265300,20520107,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,revengetheoryoftheboomerang,Great graphics and gameplay...frustrating at times and a challenge to beat bosses(haven't played dark souls).  I think its one of those games that you either like it or don't but i think its worth it if it is on sale.  I think pretty under rated as a whole and would have to recommend picking it up for just the cool weapon sets and I want to throw my keyboard or controller across the room when you can't pass a certain level but very satisfying once you pass a boss or a section you might find difficult.
76561197980827488,Recommended,265300,20632169,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Toto,I was hesitant to buy this because of the mixed reviews but after playing I am sad I did not get this sooner.The game is defiantly a Souls like but it stands out and changes things up in ways that make it feel like its own game and not just some clone.Totally recommend to anyone whole likes Souls games.
76561198016713814,Recommended,265300,20479147,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,bperkins7,"Great game. Very well done implementation of secret locations, obtainable items, and achievements. Ninja Gaiden fans should like this. I was impressed from the moment the game started. There was nothing special about the story but I did not dislike it. Game suffers from the inclusion of certain moves such as the shield charge and also magic spells that remove the challenge of the base combat. I would suggest that the magic system be reworked or removed in favor of being replaced by the magical abilities of the weapons being augmented with the faith stat. The most difficult battle may be the first boss which may also be the most balanced, fun and challenging; this is how the whole game should remain. This problem arises in part due to stat leveling and equipment balancing. Having the player characters stats and equipment determine the scale of the challenge might solve this."
76561198191152285,Recommended,265300,20614809,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Winzer,"Recommend whe it is on sale. (purchased for $10)I am new to the whole hardcore genre and thought this game was a great place to start and it was. It's fun and forgiving for people who may be new to the genre or want a break from the unforgiving dark souls. The game certainly takes from dark souls but it doesn't try to be it. There is plenty of secrets and ways to build your charcter and thus how you play is up to you. I had only 2 crash situations that occured half way through the game, but over all the game runs well and it looks fantastic.Have to give it 8.5/10 becasue there isn't really a story even though it tries its' hardest to tell one."
,Recommended,265300,20450040,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,GreveN,"Full packed with action from start to finish, loved it! 9/10(due to beeing similar to dark souls its ""only"" a 9)"
,Recommended,265300,20461060,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,chadamas,"I don't write a lot of reviews, but it seems criminal to me that Lords of the Fallen's current Steam average is ""Mixed,"" so I'm doing my small part to tip the scales. This game isn't perfect, but it's a lot of fun and I highly recommend it if you can catch it on sale (I bought it for $9.99).GraphicsMy PC isn't top-of-the-line by today's standards, but I was able to keep visual settings pretty high and maintain a solid framerate. The environments are beautiful, your character looks like a total badass no matter what weapon or armor combination you equip, the common enemies are well-designed and intimidating enough, the Lords are terrifying, and the animations are smooth. There was never a moment in-game where I was disappointed in the visuals, but I guess if I'm digging for a ""con"" here, I'd say that there wasn't a huge variety in the environments.SoundSometimes, music and sound effects can make or break a game experience for me, but this wasn't one of those times. The theme song is great and there were a couple of times when the music crescendoed while I was fighting a Lord (which was cool and added to the ""badass"" factor), but for the most part, I didn't notice the music at all in this game. That's okay, I guess. The sound effects were impressive, especially the growls and roars of enemies and the impacts of weapons against shields and walls. The one thing I really wished as I was playing through the game was that enemy footsteps were more audible. There are times when you find yourself navigating corridors where enemies are patrolling, and you should be able to hear that big dude with the axe stomping around just down the hall...but you can't.The voice acting was well-performed throughout the game. Some were better than others, but for the most part, these people did a good job (the most cringeworthy line in the whole game is probably Harkyn's ""My vow of defiance!"" in the opening sequence).StoryOkay, to be fair, the story isn't what will draw you into this particular game, but it is well-crafted, and so many minor details are revealed through picking up scrolls, which activate voiceovers that describe enemies, experiences, or locations. Even if you don't find yourself caring about the lore, you learn more and more through the words of characters that you haven't even met...and this is often a rewarding experience. You learn more about this world and its history if you care to, but it feels more alive, regardless. There were people here before you, and you get to hear their stories and connect the pieces for yourself.GameplayThis is it. This is why you start the game, and this is why you continue it...even after you've been killed 30+ times by the same enemy and you curse so loudly that you wake up your wife and fear for your marriage. The gameplay is just. So. GOOD. Okay, okay, with the boss fights, it sometimes feels less like you're exploiting weaknesses and more like you're just memorizing patterns, but for some inexplicable reason, it's still fun. Blocking, dodging, rolling, slashing, thrusting--it all feels so...right. Now, granted, it takes a while to get there, and it takes even longer if you're experimenting with different weapon types, but once you get the hang of it, this combat experience is beautiful.My first piece of advice: don't just spam your attack buttons. This took me a while to figure out, but each weapon type has a narrow interval after each swing (slash, thrust, etc.) when you should activate your next attack for a quicker follow-up, with less of an impact on your energy. You can even practice this without enemies around--just try out different combinations and watch your energy bar. It will flash with each perfectly-timed attack.Also keep an eye on your equipment and Endurance. If your Weight score is green, you'll move and execute combinations more quickly (this may be less important for warriors wearing heavy armors and shields, but I played primarily with short swords and daggers, so speed was extremely important).You have quite a few customization options as far as character development and equipment, but you need to keep a few things in mind. This is a combat RPG with astrongemphasis on melee combat. Your ranged attacks are limited to spells and your gauntlet, which also uses up your magic. In general, you won't be fighting or killing enemies from a distance. You also won't be collecting tons of loot and trading/selling items. It's just not that type of game. Personally, I was okay with that...lately, when I've played some other RPGs, I've hoped that the enemy I just killed didn't drop anything, because it felt more like work than play to be constantly managing my inventory.  There are runes that you can equip to weapons and armor, and there are attributes that you can improve as you progress, but this is not nearly as involved as, say, Skyrim or Diablo or even Borderlands.SummaryTo sum things up: Lords of the Fallen is an excellent combat RPG. Just know what you're getting before you get it. You'll die (probably a lot), but the combat is amazing, and you'll feel a sense of accomplishment with each enemy that you defeat."
,Recommended,265300,13707031,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Makro,"I'm just going to be open right here - I LOVE this game.I've just beaten it for the first time and I'm going to beat it agaIn and then again in NG+ and NG++.So what's so good about it?Well, a lot of people compare it to Dark Souls. And in some ways it's similar. It does have the same weighty combat system, where you have to commit to each and every one of your attacks, that have lengthy animations and can not be interrupted mid-swing by the player; hits received, however, will stop your attack. You need to know the attack patterns of all enemies you encounter to survive in the first half of the game, looking for opportunities to strike without losing precious HP.HP in this game can be restored in 3 ways - by a trinket called Life Leech that I personally only got in the later part of the game, that gives you HP for every monster you kill; by casting a Prayer spell, that acts as a decoy for your enemies and also regenerates a little bit of your health; and, most efficiently, by drinking health potions. Your supply of potions is limited and can only be restored by using a Shard - a checkpoint, essentially - or by dying.This works really well with another system in place - the XP modifier. The more monsters you kill without using a checkpoint or dying, the more XP you get for each consequent kill, up to 2.0 times more XP for kill. This is very handy, but forces you to refrain from healing and restocking at checkpoints for longer and longer. The game's progress still can be saved at a checkpoint without losing the modifier, but that will not restock your potions and health. It is also said that the more XP you have ""banked"" - kept unspent with a risk of losing it - the better loot you can get.This all makes for a thrilling experience, where your stakes are high, and combat feels important, as every monster you meet has a good chance of killing you.That said, the feeling only lasts throughtout the first half of the game.Unfortunately, as you grow stronger, especially if you min-max the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your character the way I did it, the fights get easier and easier. In the beginning bossfights took tries and tries to win, and even ordinary monsters had me respawning time after time. By the time I entered the Rhogar Realm for the first time, after, apparently before my time, killing the Rhogar Lord the Champion (I've killed him 4th, later discovering that he should've been the 5th boss to die), I felt immensely powerful. I still could be killed, don't get me wrong, and I died quite a few times when I goofed up, but most of the fights came to ""Bash-Leap-Dodge-Repeat"", with some enemies often dying from one heavy attack after being bashed in the face with a Tower Shield.Boss fights, while each having their own mechanics and even bonus difficulty conditions rewarded with special loot, got easier. 5th and 6th bosses I've met I've killed in 2 minutes and 50 seconds respectively. Last two bosses took me two tries each, in contrast with the 3rd boss that took 6.The game also feels short. It took me 14 hours to beat it for the first time, and the ending certainly feels a bit abrupt, and not much is explained to you, definitely setting the players up for a sequel.Overall, Lords of the Fallen has very solid mechanics, absolitely GORGEOUS look to it, wonderful aesthetic and atmosphere, but feels like the developers ran out of steam in the second half of the game, quickly wrapping it up with whatever good ideas they still had. It's a great experience, yet short, and it definitely could use some more difficulty in the end."
76561198092407538,Recommended,265300,15605679,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Boogalou18,"I decided not to review this game until after I beat it.And after beating it, I can say that I really enjoyed this game. It is ""soulsy"" but it has enough differences in design and gameplay that its not a simple copy. The magic in particular feels a lot different. Since it acts mainly as a secondary combat choice, it never forces you to go full caster. The level design is also different, it feels really full and there are a lot more open spaces than in dark souls, but it is definitely smaller, and you can tell. There is no real late game areas, the mobs just get replaced with harder versions. The boss fights were all pretty fun and have cool sub challenges within them. The boss variety does leave something to be desired. Almost all the fights are in some sort of arena. The combat is actually really fun. A lot of people call it clunky but I just think its heavier. Everything just seems to hit harder, you included. For me though its the weapons and armor that really shine. There are a lot of sets and weapons for this size of game and every weapon you get usually is useful at the time you get it. All in all if you like the souls series or just like combat oriented rpgs you should check this out. 75/100ps. a lot of the performance issues and crashes have gotten better, not perfect...better."
,Recommended,265300,20861108,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,MorpheuS,Great game for a good price.
76561198022418595,Recommended,265300,20459417,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Sergeant Dildo,"Overall I think it's a good game. The combat can be very slow and frustrating and though very similar to Dark souls it's not as good as Darks Souls but not many games are in my opinion so that doesn't make it a bad game because of that. It crashed on me maybe 3 or 4 times in 20 hours of gameplay. Frame rates are good on both my AMD and NVidia machines (radeon 7950, gtx 970 both with AMD fx cpus)."
76561198061756163,Recommended,265300,22562227,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Dastealer,"Def worth it at the current price (22$). I picked it up months ago and got frustrated by the difficulty but after playing some Dark Souls, I came back to this game and found it to be a good entry level ""souls"" game in a way. I am in no way a hardcore Dark Souls player but playing LotF def made me wanna play Dark Souls again with my newfound knowledge of this type of game.Anyways, I recommend it to anyone finding Dark Souls too hard or complicated. This will help you get familiar with the type of gameplay and learn to appreciate it."
76561197986328972,Not Recommended,265300,22535339,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,GLOBALISTS BTFO,just a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,265300,35160308,Posted: 23 September,all,Black^Ωmega,"Oh where to start with this game.The game looks great, and the animations, especially in the beginning.The controls feel really clunky, slow, and unreposive. The develpoers say that it has a ""rewarding combat system"". It's about as rewarding as having a dream that you're eating chocolate pudding and waking up with a spoon in your butt.The rest of the game is about the same.Don't waste your money on it."
,Recommended,265300,16484628,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Bosh,Parried my way through a ton of extremely hard (for my level) enemies to reach an area that contained ♥♥♥♥ing nothing.10/10
,Recommended,265300,12691493,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,w1zard,"I spent an hour and a half before I finally killed a boss, but boy was it worth it. This isnt a game you can pick up and ""get"" it takes time but its very rewarding. I played Dark Souls 1 and didn't care for it, but i enjoy this game a lot. 4/5"
76561198031671177,Recommended,265300,27844692,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xaltan92,"Fun Game, nice environment."
,Not Recommended,265300,26366843,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Dark Exile,"game is ok, not good but ok.Technical issues havent been fixed in almost two years of patching, which is a let down.The gameplay itself borrows alot from Dark Souls, which sounds great, but its not the best from DS, they took the worst and multiplied it.Every second enemy hides behind a shield, turning the game into a long drawn out series of circle strafing and dodging trying to get behind them, the other option for dealing with them is shooting them with the gauntlet for minimal damage OR charging into them with your own shield and using a very small window to whittle down thier HP with one or maybe two hits, rinse/repeat till dead.Some of the level design is nothing more than a series of corridors, which with the enemy mentioned above becomes one of the most frustrating things i have ever come across in a game, if you cant get around it or go through it, well ♥♥♥♥ good luck getting that over with quickly.About the only praise i do have for the game itself is the EXP system which rewards you more for enemies killed without using checkpoints, the multiplier on how much an enemy is worth goes up the more you kill without using a Crystal (bonfire) which would be awesome if the fear of random crashes, freezes and driver destruction didnt put the fear of losing all your progress in you, which makes this system useless unless you exploit it, which is way too easily done.I picked the game up for five bucks on a sale and cant really say its worth the money, if they ever get it working in a stable manner then maybe."
76561198080714338,Recommended,265300,27647138,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Loop Feed Repeat,"worth it. quite cheap and it is fun, quite easy comparing to ds, but ds is full os bs hits anyway."
00110111001100010,Not Recommended,265300,27862047,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Queen クィーン!,"crashes once an hour, minimum. often times right after bosses, forcing you to fight them again because the game doesnt save unless you hit a checkpoint."
76561198080057115,Recommended,265300,27666940,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sr,Amazing Manly game...
,Recommended,265300,27710165,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,aabughazaleh,Good game.
,Recommended,265300,27411835,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TucsonChappy,"This game is awesome !! played it in the past at release to PC , got it back in 14 looking to make another exciting adventure in this very challenging RPG mid evil game . playing a diff class this time around and its still fun as hell . gotta work at it . also  if you defeat bosses with certin acheesements (yes cheese) the you get better gear . i love this game a recomend it too all RPG players !!!"
,Recommended,265300,27720224,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cerberusx,good rpg like dark souls
76561197983324630,Not Recommended,265300,24548746,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,owen445x,"Heard the game was like Dark Souls, so I picked it up on sale. Thank God it was on sale or I would have been pretty upset.The graphics are amazing!+weapon and armor design+Scenery is just really well done+Monsters are well detailed+rewarded for doing something extra like an achievement for each boss fightThen the rest of the game must have gone to another studio that literally never played a game before and ruined the foundation.-Head bobbing, it's not a little bobble, but literally if you were on a sea ship in a violent storm head bob. You will get sick after a while and thier is no option to remove it.-Story line just like Dragon age 2-Character interaction is just wanky, like your characters eyes are looking up when talking to someone-Combat is a slower version of Dark souls 2 - but the game doesn't reward skill, Monsters (especially bosses) have 350 degree attacks that even when you dodge, the back hand swing will somehow hit you, stun you, and you get your face wrecked. I can't tell you how frusturating it is to use a two hand melee weapon in this game, insane damage if you don't get interupted by every little attack or when you swing at a boss and they move their 30 foot long limb and some how you keep missing it.I'm to the point that I don't even care if I beat the game which is very rare for me not to do. I' m just punishing myself with the horrible combat system, predictable story, and nausiated by the head bob.If you are a die hard adventure fan and have literally nothing else to do, wait till it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,265300,35064650,Posted: 19 September,all,Mortem,I mean.. I don't know.. I bought it cause it kinda feelt like Dark souls.. But It's somehow Not.. I honestly lost interest quick in it.. Not even 1 hour put in.. Maybe i look back at it later..Still What i find funny Is that there's a Game of year edition out now.. When the hell did this game become even nominated for game of the year?
76561197964276616,Not Recommended,265300,27893360,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pedaalemmerzak,"Do you ever think to yourself ""Gosh, I do like Dark Souls, but I wish it had uninspired, half-heartedly voiced characters and debilitating stability problems""? Then Lords of the Fallen is for you!To be fair, I had about 90 minutes of fun with this game before the constant crashes made it impossible for me to get past the second boss fight. This game is probably worth the effort on consoles but spare yourself the frustration of the PC version."
76561197963734915,Not Recommended,265300,29716266,Posted: 5 February,all,LoneHitMan,"Buggy enemy animations that makes the game harder, not by real design. Random CTD's, terrible weaponry and slow casting of special character abilities makes this game rather.... crap.Leave it to die tbfh."
,Not Recommended,265300,15064093,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,slamer500,More than half a year later and the developers  still have not fixed framerate issues and major system crashes when playing the game. I honestly can say I will never buy another game from this company again after this horrible experience.
76561198026151216,Not Recommended,265300,12752579,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Mezz,game crashes alot very uplayable in it's current state developers seem to not care at all don't support this kind of behavior from a game campany.
76561198017126484,Not Recommended,265300,12927946,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Tex_Recoil,"Bought this game thinking it would be great to play on my system and boy was I wrong.  Too many problems to even list them, beware, buy at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,265300,12984604,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Aeva,"Played a bit, uninstalled. Nothing special, nothing new, just more (and yet somehow less) of the same formula we've been spoonfed by From Software. Except for the fact that From Software knows how to make games.After a month or so of game-breaking bugs, crashes, lost saves, horrible performance, useless DRM, and overexaggerated hype, I'm still waiting for a decently playable game. Between slideshow framerates, crashing alone it's near impossible for me to get past the Worshiper. I wanted to play more of this game, but it seems either the devs or the game itself don't want me to. If only Steam wasn't crappy about refunds."
76561198061591335,Not Recommended,265300,12734198,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,strife_scyther,"Frame rates horrible even on high spec system, even with performance and lowest settings. This feels like a  half done port released with console versions. Great gameplay mared by fustration of lack of detail to base technical issues"
,Not Recommended,265300,12748858,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,xxdsidexx,"i truly  regret buying this game, i saw people on let's plays over and over and being that i'm a dark souls 2 player and love THAT game btw, this game has failed worse than a retard taking trigonometry.  First of all, the price.. if you're gonna make a game that is going for that high price of 60 bux then you should at least release it when most of the HUGE bugs our fixed, i mean did they even consider testing this half baked half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥made game?  Started it up and noticed the frame-rate simply on the intro screen (btw my system stats are very close to the recommended setting GTX 750 ti) also i have a lot of games on my comp and they (mostly unless broken, thanks greedy corporations)  all run fine on ultra at highest render distance (skyrim, dark souls 2 etc.) i know this is a new gen game but with my comp i should at LEAST be able to play this game on the lowest setting at 30 fps EASY, but that's not going on, the alt-controls are broke as the run/evade button doesn't run in alt-controls just rolls.... saw on many forums im not the only one that is having this problem, i have heard (and also partook) in the many crashes this game is having as of lately, they already patched the thing and its still screwing up, i have played the start of diabo 2 and 3 and WoW and i understand you will have MULTIPLAYER probs because you are trying to get many players connected at the same time, but this has no multiplayer function, its just a single player game, its simple programming errors that shouldn't be happening, ESPECIALLY for a 50 dollar game, it should be at least close to functioning, and im not the only one, as i have said before there are many others having this problem, this game is completely unplayable for me and others, DON'T BUY THIS GAME UNTIL ITS COMPLETELY FIXED OR FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO ENJOY BECAUSE THIS GAME WILL LEAVE YOU FRUSTRATED!!!!"
76561198050932393,Not Recommended,265300,12879576,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Hagar,"Thanks to Lords of the Fallen, I have caught up with much of the neglected maintanence on this computer, and it runs much more smoothly.The game still doesn't launch though."
76561198003657600,Not Recommended,265300,12994365,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,VermillionSquad,"You know i wanna recommend this game to friends but the bugs is what breaks it for me, and the performance issues. So first i would like to say the game itself is pretty fun plays pretty much like dark souls and im OK with that im on New Game+ atm, the games diffaculty is ok its not as hard as dark souls but boss fights can be well ok maybe one fight i had a hard time with. But here is where the issues i have with it, first of all, all i had was framerate issues and im pretty sure its due to poor optimization the FPS in this is everywhere but then i started to experance these crashes everyone has been talking about. And the last one pulled the trigger i lost a TON of progess in my New Game+ and that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off thats time i dont get back this game is buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and i wanna tell people to buy it but unfoturntly i cannot as its not fit to sell to the public this would actually be a pretty cool game but i dont see any sign of them fixing it."
,Not Recommended,265300,13817265,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Сэр Ланцеврот,"Can't even launch this sh*t, instantly crashing at Start."
76561197987119773,Not Recommended,265300,13819317,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Lightning Machine,"Disclaimer: In 30 hours of inflated gametime, I have experienced two crashes. My sympathy goes out to all who were not as lucky as I was. At the time of writing, I have completed the game as a cleric and I'm wrapping up my NG+1 mode as a Warrior. I had to cut a lot of content for this review because of the word limitation Steam puts on it's user reviews.++Let's start with the good stuff first. While graphics aren't important anymore in this day and age, because every single game looks gorgeous these days, it must be noted that Lords looks absolutely stellar. Even though my system can barely run it, you can clearly see that there is a lot of hard work that went in almost every single area of the game. The game doesn't look as magnificent like in the screenshots though, but don't let that dissuade you: this game looks superb.++I liked the compactness of the game world. While every single RPG of the last 8 years is trying to be the next World of WarCraft or Skyrim, Lords keeps it neat and tidy. Lords doesn't have many locations, and, logically, every location in the game looks gorgeous and lavish with detail. They all look like real, believable places. There is no silly padding, no unnecessary: ""Harkyn! Please kill ten demon hounds and then return here!"" questing. There is one main quest, about ten side quests and a neatly compacted game world consisting of a handful of locations for you to do them in. If you're great at the game, you'll just blast past all the content in a matter of a dozen hours and have seen all the locations. But I really like this style of RPG and it's a system I definitely I want to see more of.++Honorable mentions: Awesome looking armor and weapons. They're a real treat to behold and there's a huge amount of armor and weapons lying around if you look hard enough. The XP system is also a real treat. It allows the unskilled player to grind himself XP, plainly making him more powerful versus other enemies, but since it costs so much to gain a level, I think it maintains a very nice balance, not allowing the player to become overpowered. Above-average soundtrack, very appropriate tunes that don't get boring or samey.--And now for the bad stuff. My problems with Lords (and the Souls games for that matter) are actually very simple and yet difficult to explain in few sentences. Souls, but especially Lords feel difficult for no good reason. For me, the very core of a game, the single most important aspect, the goal of any video game developer should be the endless quest of making sure your players are having a good time with the it: that they are having FUN. I would truly like to discuss both these games with a mature Dark Souls player and ask him or her to explain to me why he or she loves these kinds of games. I think I'm the only one who doesn't enjoy these games because everybody who hasn't slept under a rock seems to be enjoying this huge 'Souls'-fix. The argument I always hear is that in game worlds this depressing and bleak 'fun' is not something you should be experiencing and I find that to be such bullsh*t. You CAN have bleak virtual worlds and the concept of fun mashed together, guys. Ever played Deus Ex before? Or Bioshock? Or Wolfenstein: The New Order? Or hundreds of other games I'm sure exist with this combination. I do not find dying in a game fun. There are only very few and very specific games that get away with 'dying a lot' for me. Super Meat Boy comes to mind, and that game was magnificently designed. When said game is not created perfectly, dying over and over and over again should never, EVER be the goal of a developer. And yet, both these games have had developers behind them wanted, WISHING you to die over and over again.--The reason why I claim that Lords and Souls feel difficult for no good reason is because when you look at these games they just seem like regular third-person hack 'n slashers where your character feels like he weighs a billion tons and moves ridiculously slow. Your adversaries can move much faster than you do and when they hit you it eats 75% (figuratively of course) of your lifebar away. The enemies themselves, however, take many, MANY hits to go down. Most have a shield that can block any attack coming from you, and the weaknesses they show go away in an instant, only giving you time to get in one attack if you're lucky. Surviving some encounters often feel like strokes of luck rather than skill. Both games often feel like the developers made these games and just tweaked the sliders for health bars and damage outputs. I've had enemies in the early hours of both games stunlock me to death over and over again, resulting in screaming frustration, something I haven't experienced in over a decade in a video game and yet, it's only games like these that bring so much depressing anger for a product that should be designed as fun.--Even when you get used to the combat, there are moments where you feel the game itself is actually taunting you. There are fat demons who are hunters in Lords who usually have a wild dog with them. When you try to hit the dog, it understandably usually dodges your very slow attacks. The hunter demon simply jumps backwards like a nimble ballerina and attacks you again. It defies all logic that so many enemies in Lords can dodge attacks that should not be dodged, predictably leaving you with more loss of health and an even bigger loss of stamina, until you finally push him in a corner and finally kill him.--When I say that the combat is slow, so is the magic. It would be quicker to educate me in magic in real-life than Harkyn doing his spell in the game, I'm not kidding. Magic, which usually plays a supportive role in Lords, is often essential for certain situations, providing you with a protective shield for especially hard-hitting enemies or a spell that stuns lighter, simpler enemies when they attack you. And when you are in dire need of a spell in the game, then you can kiss you sweet experience goodbye because you are going to LOSE. Not because of the mana requirement, not because of the decades of game time it needs to be cast, but because it's the kind of magic that cannot be interrupted. One hit, and it's canceled out, often leading to your demise, as usual. You almost have to know the placement of the enemies in advance BEFORE you cast your spell.--The 'bankable XP system' that people seem to be praising so much isn't that amazing or exceptional. Considering the amount of crashing this game does for most people, and how ridiculously easy it is to die in this game, I actually see no point to hold on to the XP you are carrying. The interests of the multiplier aren't that huge, and when you are early in the game you desperately need all the XP you can get. When the time comes you can hold your own in this game to let that multiplier go up, you already have all the tools you need to win the game anyway so the bankable XP system is rendered completely null and void in the end.--Extremely long loading times and frequent FPS drops.Closing thoughts on Lords of the Fallen: Lords of the Fallen is a game that is too hard for its own good, and would've been a million times better if it focused more on story aspects rather than trying the be Dark Souls: Viking Edition. I have completed it almost twice, but I know after uninstalling it, I'll probably never play it again. The reason I completed it twice was because for what little good the game did, it does it exceptionally well: I was nuts about the aesthetics of the game, the very idea of a Space Marineish character battling hordes of demonic creatures sent by God to annihilate the world in a snow-buried castle, and you are all that's standing in their way. I will be interested in seeing a sequel for the game that fixes my issues with it. Only buy it when it'is very cheap in a sale.My specs:Windows 7 64-bitIntel Core i7 920 2.67GHz6GB RAMMSI 660Ti OC Power Edition"
76561198027066520,Not Recommended,265300,13835609,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Big Tasty,Lords of the Fallen is a good game but not if your coming from the soul series. I would have rather spent my money on Dark soul 2 DLC rather then purchasing this.Dark souls fan  =  buy Dark souls DLC insteadGenre fan  = buy this game
76561197983804401,Not Recommended,265300,12734118,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,grobertd_890,"This game is hard enough with the unresposive control.( a 1 second wind up to swing a sword) its like slow motion rock paper scissors.  But when the game crashed 4 times in less than 15 minutes It is not worth it.  I knew better but took a chance.  This is one to wait for a steam sale, give it 6 months when it is less than $30  by then they should have fixed the problems.  All of us who paid release price will have too wait to play it  as well.   20 extra hours of game time dealing with  gimped controls and restarting from crashes is not what I was looking for.  We should get a refund for being beta testers."
76561198061125320,Not Recommended,265300,12752289,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,lucadeluca5,Game bugado
76561198008305874,Not Recommended,265300,12937501,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Beasticlese,Crashes constantly
,Not Recommended,265300,13599720,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Worst Spy in Steel,"As a huge fan of the Souls series, I was delighted when I heard of this game. It seemed very good to start with, but as I got deeper into the game a number of problems arose. The first was the numerous bugs, with random sounds playing for no reason, fps drops, and even the game crashing rarely, which forced me to do a whole lot of work due to save points instead of auto save every few seconds like other games. In addition to that, there are a slew of other things I take issue with, such as the outright bizzare enemy hitboxes, the ridiculous difficulty it takes to wield a heavy weapon effectively (especially against enemies with shields, they'll get their guard broken and then have it back up before you can actually get a swing in on them), and a number of times I was trapped in a corner by various bosses, causing me to lose the boss fight and start over.Overall, a very good idea, but I would not recommend this game due to it's poor execution and massive array of bugs. It feels like a very good Beta, but it's not a Beta, it's a full game."
,Not Recommended,265300,13728946,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Gerby,Would be an alright game if it didn't crash constantly even with patch 1.4 and running with an i7 and gtx980.
76561198069508281,Not Recommended,265300,13820654,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TwelveAfterTwo,"This game has so many problems I can't even play it.  It looked so good before it came out and I was really excited for it, but I have now determined that this was one of the worst $50 I've ever spent.  Pretty much, if you want a game that has horrible FPS, and impossible enemies that the game mechanics won't even let you defeat, go ahead and get it."
,Not Recommended,265300,13891834,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,AndrewGrove,"This game won't start as of patch 1.4, and many people experience this issue. Says i've played several hours, but haven't gotten to play any of this buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198093094318,Not Recommended,265300,12786483,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Hunty Boyyy,"Like the others say, crashes on just opening the game. get's to main menu then 3 seconds... and program has stopped working. hmm"
76561197960382853,Not Recommended,265300,12836918,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,L'zu,"Just horrible console alike gameplay, especially in battles. Dialogues are simple and most of the time just plain bad.  So far I have nothing good to say about this game.. not even the graphics have anything special to offer, not to meantion crashes that keep on occuring. Over all not worth it! It's games like these when I wish that you could actually return your purchase.Save your money and wait for the release of dragon age if youre looking for a decent rpg."
76561197992725777,Recommended,265300,23174681,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,KungFuBrad,"Fantastic game. It's dark, visceral, and difficult. Yet, unlike the series of games that it usually gets compared to, you actual learn to fight and beat the bosses. Not just stand back and cheap them with projectile magic.It's georgous. You'll need a high end PC to run it but it's worth it. You pick a class, which only really effects the available magic spells and maybe initial stats. But after that, you pick and choose both your stats and play style, which is mostly generated by your weapon and armor choices.Definitely a unique experience."
,Recommended,265300,12838870,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Big Boom Boom,"It's Dark Souls lite, very slowpace and relaxing with beautiful scenery and biceps."
76561198078222229,Not Recommended,265300,35194461,Posted: 24 September,all,fatlipgaming,I was really enhoying this game until it kept crashing on the second lord fight.  Don't know his name.  Tried 10 times and game up.
,Not Recommended,265300,35504747,Posted: 5 October,all,Cheetodexter,"A nuanced, in-depth case study on how every single element of Dark Souls could have been terrible."
,Not Recommended,265300,13220561,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Vq.| Kuriann,"Very fun game; I would recommend it, but its technical issues are major.FIX THE DAMN CRASHES!"
,Not Recommended,265300,13275659,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,TS Son,"I want to reccomend this game to people, because the combat system is great, the art is great, the story is entertaining, and it really has potential to be a staple game. However,t he company just did not finish their product. The game itself has performance issues. No matter how low I turned the graphics down, the game had long loading times and would slide show occasionally. Putting it in borderless window mode helped this, but not completely. The also randomly crashes. Not frequent enough to be a huge issue, but enough to be annoying.Furthermroe, the game not only refuses to hold your hand but flat out doesn't give any direction what so ever. I loved the souls series for their lack of hand holding, but i always coudl tell whether Iw as goign the right way or not and generally understood the direction I was heading. LotF felt like I was constantly stumbling around. So many times I'm just trying to find the right way and no sure if I'm even int he right area then bam boss fight out of no where. I can't count the amount of times I just sat there a moment wondering where I was.Then there's the stat system which didn't make any sense no matter how you cut it. Most weapons had damage scaling. I put 3% on one weapon got a huge boost in damage, another weapon had a natural 9% and did half the damage. I don't even know what the percentages mean. percetnage of what? 3% of 29 strength isn't 40, so it can't be that. I have no idea.TL;DR I'm about to fight the last boss and: I don't know where I am, I hav eno idea how the stat systems work, despite having a solid gaming PC I'm playing on pretty low graphic settings, and I jsut saw a blue screen of death for the first time in ten years."
,Not Recommended,265300,18905207,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,~[F.A.R.T.]~ djfishfish,"God damn broken a*s Hit detectoralso dont try to aim your hits in the gameCause thats broke tooI can live with lesser graphics...i can live with a crap storyI cannot live with me aiming at an enemy and the swing miss when im about 3 feet away...that I will not stand for.I like the game in alot of waysdecent graphics and not as hard as darksouls. It could be fun, The issues are many in some areas-boss battles is where they really show though.You swing VERY slowly in this game-if you could move and swing faster, than missing a few hits wouldn't be a big deal.... sadly with how long 1 or 2 hits can take EVERY hit counts.And than it gets even betterEver aimed 1 way and your guy swing in a differenct direction...yea...Thats the real killer of the game for me.you are hitting left a few striks, you think (time to move to the right) and so you move and left click, Your guy swing not right but left... again...And you die with your back turned toward your enemy."
76561198065766065,Recommended,265300,13502961,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,canovader,"Awesome graphics details, looks like an upgrade update for Dark Souls with some armors and weapons from Darksiders #1"
,Not Recommended,265300,13140807,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Donald Trump,"dont waste your money now. wait until this game is fixed, almost no one can play without issues, i for instance have the black screen upon start up and then crash. i paid $30 when it was on sale. so, save your money, or buy something not broken. i wish i could now."
76561197995322160,Not Recommended,265300,13131647,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,mani929,Usually I do not write reviews of the game. What can I say that I would love to play the game but the continuous game crash is hell.I would recommend but I can forgive that the game crashes constantly. So if you buy the game may be prepared to crash and wait fix the game properly.Sorry for the bad English skills and hopefully learn something from this.
76561198054185157,Not Recommended,265300,13233092,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Bruce Leet - Gwynbleidd,"I would enjoy this game a great deal as it is like the souls series but with a new twist to it and slightly different mechanics, but sadly to say the game is an unoptimized piece of trash at the moment with crashes during load screens, freezing, and frame rate drops galore. Therefore I can not recommend this game for anyone until they fix its MANY issues."
,Recommended,265300,12690775,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Zanadu,Of course it isnt perfect it has some flaws but if you liked dark souls you'll probably like this
76561198067268078,Not Recommended,265300,13570575,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,rynken,"This game has a good consept, but I couldn't go 15 minutes without experiencing some type of bug. Monsters walking in mid air, enemies disappearing and reappearing with full health, check points not responding even when no monsters are around and magic being permanently capped at 60% of its maximum because of a glitch with the greed ring.In its current state buying this game is paying for a damaged product."
,Not Recommended,265300,16513850,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MadJackPrime,"I usually don't have a problem with difficult games, but there is a difference between hard and pulling ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. LotF does the latter. Enemies switching facing mid-swing; that's not physically possible. It simply cannot be done. Yet, enemies constantly do it.I was going into this game knowing that many people didn't like it, but after seeing how the protagonist swung his mace and how he wielded it in combat made my stomach sink. When idling, he swings it as if it were a stick of wood. When fighting he barely can walk the weapon looks so heavy.#RefundThatCrap"
76561198012187796,Recommended,265300,12690969,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,the big bad cat,its hard 11/10
,Not Recommended,265300,24809834,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,RetriButioN,"Honestly, it's nowhere near Dark Souls franchise, not even close. And it's not a good game on its own at all, but it doesn't mean it's a bad game. There are several flaws which make could make the game difficult to enjoy, but there are also things that make the dealing with all the issues worth it. Overall, I would say picking it up for cheap on a sale wouldn't be a bad deal.Pros:Amazing soundtrack, the main menu theme is just greatGreat looking visuals, graphics are truly beautifulMulti-phase boss battles are somewhat interestingGood level design with fair checkpoint placementEnemy variety and design is satifyingCons:Poor performance and very unstable, crashes left and rightBad voice-acting, uninteresting story and weak character designUnresponsive controls and extremely sluggish main characterVery difficult in a bad way, cheap deaths and overpowered enemiesTerrible menu design, menus are a pain to navigateLack of meaningful spell variety for mage buildsGameplay = 6/10 ; Visuals = 9/10 ; Audio = 8/10 ; Music 9/10 ; Story = 7/10Verdict: 6/10 - MediocreLords of the Fallen is more of a mixed bag, but one that I can't bring myself to recommend to anyone except the hardcore Dark Souls fans. There are some really strong such as the amazing soundtrack and beautiful visuals, but there are many critical issues and problems such as instability and constant crashes, unresponsive controls, poor voice-acting and terrible menu design. If you're a Dark Souls fan, I'd say you should definitely grab it on a sale just to try it. Otherwise, there are much better games to play than this."
,Not Recommended,265300,21936351,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,_literallysame,"UPDATE - I issued a refund for this because apparently the devs don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ so yeah.  I'm not giving them my money.NEW GAME BREAKING GLITCH - BOX TEXTOkay so I literally just purchased the Game of the Year version of this game because Dark Souls III is coming soon and I wanted a quick Souls-like game to play, and I've heard some good and bad things about this game.  WELL,  I installed the game, booted it up and after the very long splash screens, which you cannot skip, I noticed that there was no text, but instead boxes.  I went into the options menu and there to were only boxes and no text.  I did the whole reinstall and verification of the game cache yet it did not fix anything.  And this is apparently new because I have only seen one post from 3/18/16 talking about this."
76561198005384537,Not Recommended,265300,24200897,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Skjar,"Played this game for roughly one hour and ordered a refund. To make it short: The game looks beautiful, the sound design is good, BUT the combat is clunky as hell and the impact of your attacks feels like you're fighting with a towel instead of a man sized hammer (funny thing: you're facing some barrels and a box and your swing misses all of them even though your hammer clearly passes through the objects). Moreover, this game has some bugs & glitches right in the tutorial (voiceover of some lines did not start, etc). Yet alone the frustrating responsiveness to your input made me rage quit! The combat is not very difficult either, but forces you to dodge roll around till the special attack of your enemy starts and then you can make 1 or 2 attacks. Rinse and repeat until your enemy is down or you are, because the delay denied you that crucial dodge."
76561198020802412,Not Recommended,265300,16608814,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Grumpy Cat,"*I will edit it once I finish the game*Well I really wan't sure if I should buy this game or not... On one hand, from what I saw and read, it should be fun because it's sort of like DS, but on the other hand many people have lots of problems with it.Played for now a little bit more than an hour, and I must say I do enjoy the game right now. It's a little bit harder than DS because it has a heavier movement.When I launched it for the first time it crashed, but afterwards I didn't have any problem launching it.Everything seems nice so far and I was wandering why people complained about it crashing and having optimization problems, now I see why.A little bit deeper into the game and I found that I have a very low FPS in open areas for some reson. I thought that it was just a random FPS drom at first but it continued every time I was in an open area... It was pretty annoying and made the game unplayable. It also made no sense since I can run Wild Hunt on Ultra with 50-60 FPS. Almost wanted to get a refund but then decided to try and solve the problem. didn't take me very long and i found a video that solved the FPS issue for me.If you have a nVidia GPU then check this video, it should solve the FPS problem. It worked for me!Skip to 2:25:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuLYSgZSPj4"
76561198062767828,Recommended,265300,13131078,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Shriyasha,its a really good game. dont think just play you will see the diff.
,Recommended,265300,13573158,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,NorthStar,"As someone who liked the idea of the Souls games, but not the execution, I've been enjoying this game. It has the weighty, punishing combat but manages to not feel cheap. You're punished for making mistakes, but rarely killed outright, giving you some time to learn enemies' patterns. There are usually checkpoints a short distance before boss fights, so you don't have to spend hours upon hours just fighting your way back to them only to be killed again in 3 seconds. Speaking of bosses, I was able to explore and find a boss that seemed way too hard for my current level - I could barely scratch him. Satisfyingly, with some persistence and a total change of strategy, I wore him down in an epic, edge of seat, half-hour long battle and won the day.My (fairly minor) gripes so far are a slight lack of enemy variety and that the spells seem a bit limited and shoehorned in."
,Not Recommended,265300,12859904,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,MorgimuS,"If you want a bike with no wheels, buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,265300,13578872,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Nawfiz,"LOTF is the first of a new genre called Souls-like, and it's doing an okay job at it. There are some stupid mechanics that shouldn't be in a game that follows in the foodsteps of a legend like Dark Souls. There seems to be only one solution to whatever problem you might encounter, and it gets quite boring after a while.The best example I have is (spoilers!) the champion boss which does a charging attack where you have to either have a tower shield to cower behind or do a shield bash with a medium shield. This will result in you stunning the boss and you'll get a few hits in, then it's back to baiting out the charge attack. It gets old real quick.All in all, LOTF has plenty of good things going and if future games learn from this game, they'll do great. LOTF, however, did not do that great and I don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,265300,14077095,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,The Colgate King,"How do I describe this game?  It is a horribly made game.  I know several people have called it a ""hidden gem"" or ""dark souls lite"" but I would suggest you play dark souls instead.  Lets start off with a break down of pros and cons.Pros1.  Graphically better for the most part2.  Sound is better3.  It has voice acting and tries to flesh out its story more directly than a souls game.4.  Linear for the most part, save for a few areas it is hard to get lost.  You just keep going forward and you will eventually find your way through most roadblocks.Cons1.  Uninspired enviornments.  You will spend most of your time trudging through dark areas or fiery areas.  Do not expect vibrant areas with variety.  You are either in castles, caves, or some mixture of the two.2.  Very glitchy.  I have seen enemies scale invisible ladders and get stuck in the sky box only to be unattackable save for magic.  This might not have been a problem if I went full magic, but using the warrior archtype I had to use one or two spells then wait for magic to regenerate.3.  The magic feels underwhelming.  I did go melee but I had a decent amount of faith, my magic however depleted far faster than I feel it should have to be effective.  This may be due to an armor penalty but I noticed no difference in magic consumption between heavy and medium armors.4.  Magic/Skills feel uninspired in this game, like they were tacked on as an afterthought.  Some skills felt outright useless and others felt like they were completely overpowered.  As a warrior I could pop rage and just power through most boss fights in one or two uses.5.  Enemy AI is terrible.  Souls games aren't known for great AI, but they are HAL 9000 whem compared to LotF AI.  Boss attacks are far to easy to bait out with encounters and offer very little in the way of challenge.6.  When you get lost, you get lost hard.  While many areas you can just head forward, there are some places where you can find yourself walking around for hours trying to find out where to go simply because the game has a very poor progression funnel in certain areas (I am looking at you Annihilator).7.  Combat feels sluggish and can swing from boring to frustrating very quickly.  Once again I am viewing this from the warrior archtype, but two handed weapons have such a long wind up and awkward attack angles they feel like Harken is more of a flailing idiot than any skilled warrior.  Some enemies would stand there and take it while others would dance around or attack endlessly giving you little to no chance to recover or plan a counter attack.8.  The kick is useless.  It requires a huge amount of stamina and I have yet to see it be more efficient at breaking a turtling enemy than just spamming attack combos and smashing through them.9.  Exploding enemies.  Har har you have a booby trapped enemy that explodes on death.  Real cute and I could let that one slide, except these enemies are usually very powerful and there are far too many of them in the latter half of the game.  There is a specific mage type enemy that can deal horrendous ranged damage, put up a damage shield around him, drain your life, and has an annoyingly fast melee attack that will knock you down.  The blast radius of the explosion will result in you taking damage more often than not.10.  Main quests have a tracker and sub quests do not.  This is just annoying.  If you don't want a quest tracker fine, but don't go half way.  Either let us choose the quest to track or make us use a log.11.  Quest NPC's can just up sticks and leave.  This may be a glitch, but when I tried to turn in human skulls for a quest the quest giver just decided he had better things to do and went fishing or something, because he wasn't there when I arrived to turn in.12.  Rune upgrade system feels tacked on.  You can use runes to upgrade your equipment, but don't expect any major changes to your playstyle.  Some runes will provide enough of a benefit to give you notice, but most are borderline useless.13.  The game is just a slog.  Nearing the latter half of the game I just wanted it to be over.  Playing it felt more like a chore and less like entertainment.  The fighting was uninspired, there is very little enemy variety (plenty of reskins though).14.  The story is about a generic as you can get.  You can smell the plot twist coming from a mile away.  Some side elements have no effect on the story.  The ending is a carbon copy rip off of Fallout 3 where specific choices are recapped.15.  Damage scaling makes little to no sense.  I had a harder time fighting the lightly armored twin swordsman rogues than I did fighting mages or heavy knights.  My armor offered no defense against their all melee damage and they could begin an attack after my starting frame and stun me with a single hit before I was able to connect.  In the latter half of the game poise becomes a useless stat as any human enemy can stagger you with one strike.The game is exactly what it is trying to be, a cheaply made knock off of souls trying to cash in on its success.  They took out a lot of the components that made the Souls games fun and shoveled in AAA game concepts that just hobbled our outright broke the experience.  Stats and builds become more important than skill the further you get into the game.  With appropriate skill and planning I can do a SL1 4 kings run and become a darkwraith, but in this game I just don't see that being especially viable.  Doable?  Yes, but I doubt you would get any enjoyment out of it.  The armor looks nice but at the same time it appears ripped clean out of Warhammer without any editing (the trinket flags look suspiciously like the mark of Chaos).  If you want to experience this game just get a Souls game, you will save money and derive more enjoyment from it.  Souls is a better designed game, hands down, and while it may appear ""more difficult"" the difficulty feels less hamhanded.  LotF's difficulty doesn't feel rewarding, its just one slogfest after another.I haven't had buyer's remorse this bad since Brink"
,Recommended,265300,13572929,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ethan_C_Knight,"I've played about 21 hours so far into the game, and I think it's time to give it a review.2 things to say- This game is great, I played at a locked 35 fps on max settings using a gtx 770 and never had a frame drop, only crashed once my entire play through when I used an ability while getting hit at the same time on a boss so no big deal.- Don't understand why people are giving this game bad reviews at all, it's a fun and exciting game for the price ! (I paid 25$ for christmas sale)"
76561198101686323,Not Recommended,265300,12766827,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Mad Dad,"I was looking forward to seeing how this game played compared to Dark Souls for myself. Maybe there was going to be some cool gameplay improvements, story line, interesting weapons etc. that would get me hooked like the Souls games did. Then it crashed at the 2nd cutscene 4 times. Please, let me play the game..."
76561198015479346,Recommended,265300,13104300,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Zeregeth,"Good game, fight feel is very good, and you feel the diffrence of sets (HV, MED, LIGHT).Did not had any crashes so far (amd fx 8350 , gpu  2gb 650TI boost 8gb ram)"
76561198003469036,Not Recommended,265300,12974408,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Dread Guacamole,"The game is perfectly fine. It's a Dark Souls clone, with a shoddy plot stuck on top and a much better graphics engine.However, it's currently unplayable for me, and has been that way since launch despite several patches; the game crashes to desktop frequently, which added to the game's difficulty resulted in me just leaving it aside until this is fixed. A quick look at customer and even some site reviews shows that I'm not even remotely alone in this. Stay away until this is confirmed fixed."
76561198028932956,Not Recommended,265300,25610320,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Buttaz,"Game's a janky slow moving Dark Souls spinoff, except without all the actual fun and freedom of dark souls."
,Recommended,265300,20883654,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Thiaggus,"Well, what I can say about this game, probably a relationship that begun with hate, and than after lots of struggle turns up into love.LOTF is a beautiful game, even in middle of sort of bugs and lacking of refinement, even so in the end, its a awesome game, specifically made for souls series fans.I really hope that CI games bring back with a 2nd one, improved with better refinement, better controls and more variety of play-style.Its definitely not a perfect game and stands far away from dark souls but surely it has its charm , and deserves a chance when steam sales prices come.Most of performance problems are solved, but still have framerate inconsistency at some parts and I didn't noticed none of  ""famous"" crashes and such, its perfect playable.I played all maxed in my machine i5/ HD7850 1gb / 8gb ram/win 7So that its, I hope you enjoy this game as I did."
76561197964309153,Not Recommended,265300,13770774,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ChubbyQ,Absolute worst combat system I have ever played in my life.
,Not Recommended,265300,22038790,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Defrost,"I'm a big souls fan so I thought i'd give this a go. The game was enjoyable for a playthrough but there really isn't much to do (secrets wise / off the beaten path etc) and it's reeeeally slow which i'm not a fan of. Feels like absoloutely no need to do new game plus (since literally nothing changes), so there's almost no replayability to the game. Also, all of the DLC's are complete trash money makers, even the labyrinth that they describe as 'vast' is about the size of a football pitch...(that's also the only content dlc available, the rest are stat boosters and items....."
76561198042444931,Not Recommended,265300,25202137,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,BlackDragon,"The bad Dark Souls copyGame is still buggy 2 years after release. Few times during boss fights the game would simply crash and the whole fight would reset.Number of different enemies is really low and the game is really short. After you discover new region you will find out that it is connected to the previous region with a door that was locked earlier. This can be confusing at times when you don't know where you need to go next. Basically the game has 2 regions. Interesting thing is that some minions deal more damage than the boss and can easily one shot you.Controls are cluncky and the character reacts slowly to them. Often I would use normal attack and then dodge, but character would just attack once and then stand in front of an enemy like a moron and then get hit in the face by a heavy attack. Archer arrows are also funny, they fire it at you and you dodge or roll. And the arrow follows you like a heat seeking missile.After you get used to the fact that it is much slower than the souls game, you can have some fun with it, but those moments are few and far inbetween."
,Not Recommended,265300,20740807,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Fish,"Have you ever been playing a Souls game and said to yourself, ""This is fun and all, but I wish the controls could be clunkier and the combat could feel like it's taking place suspended in a thick gel""? No? Yeah, me neither.I'd recommend you drink bleach until you lose all memory of the souls series and just replay them."
76561198009619825,Not Recommended,265300,13608889,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Raulb,"can't play, always crashing so don't buy it"
76561198079210629,Not Recommended,265300,14672953,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,S A D B O Y,I would enjoy being able to play the games i pay for. I have more then good enough specs for it.
76561198052330672,Not Recommended,265300,15476677,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Aggression.Meph,Great graphics - good gameplay. The developer shouldn't develop any more games. Would suggest they stick to farming as apparently they are unable to make a game that doesn't crash every 10 minutes. I would like my money back if there were a way of achieving that.
,Not Recommended,265300,12783494,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,NightStalker,"I was having a blast for the first 3 hours until I stopped for a break. When I log back in I noticed I had about 10,000 exp saved up for the rare loot multiplier. I go into a new zone and die to a wayy over the top powerful mob and respawn directly  where I just died. No souls.. It showed no indication of retrieving my 10,000 lost experience and I now must start a new game in order to Be strong enough for the area I have just started. Very buggy and very time wasting. I be furious!!! 3 hours of my time is worth more than this game and I should be compensated for this very cringe worthy glitch/bug.."
76561198071811837,Not Recommended,265300,12856292,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,yuechen1,i have at least a mid ranged pc with GTX 770 4gb and i5-4670k 8g of ram and it crash because run out of memorydo not buy this right now
76561197999441198,Recommended,265300,12707052,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Raneru,"I'm a big fan of the Souls series and I must say that this game does not disappoint in any way. The combat is very tight and rewarding where you feel that you getting better at playing is more important than your character getting better. I also like that there is no quasi-online mode. This game can be paused, and you don't have to be afraid that someone will invade you while you're afk and taking care of something. 6/6"
,Not Recommended,265300,29057227,Posted: 6 January,all,RUVX,"Poor man's dark souls, I'm sorry for making the comparison, I had to.The game is so slow it feels like you're  walking in molasses.Attacking feels much the same way.Game runs in slow motion.The first thing I did in the game was taken off all my clothes so movement speed was somewhat acceptable."
76561197983230062,Not Recommended,265300,19852294,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Justice itself!,"After almost a year of being on the market, this game still has glaring bugs, including, but not limited to, repeatidly crashing on the second boss, making progress nearly impossible.The game play itself is alright. Get it for a console if you can find it."
76561197970990798,Not Recommended,265300,20888399,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,uday.mohan,"If you like Dark Souls you probably would enjoy this game, if on the other hand you were looking for a fantasy adventure game without the hair pulling then..I am afraid this is not the game you were looking for."
,Not Recommended,265300,27728833,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rin D. Pryde,"Even after all this time the game is buggy and broken as hell, crashing constantly. Stay as far away as possible!"
76561198020913432,Not Recommended,265300,23292766,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Patriot,"Well yes - 72 hrs on clock, but just started NG+ and it's just boring. Plus character development makes it almost impossible to reach decent level to play it in that mode (you'd probably have to play it 24/7 repeating same areas over and over again). Sorry. Dissapointed."
76561198065041174,Not Recommended,265300,12990509,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,KEMOSABE,"First 6 hours I played, this game was awesome. It looked beautiful and ran perfectly on my new 780 ti. I don't know if it was the patches or what, but now it crashes all the time and the framerate has dropped dramatically. Also it seems like there is some weird glaze over the visuals now. Almost like you are looking through a lens that is somewhat out of focus. Word of advice to the developers... FIX THIS S***! What good is DLC and patches that only patch minor problems when the game is barley playable?! Get your heads out of your arses!"
76561198084736972,Not Recommended,265300,12766351,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Ookami,"This game sucks ballz.The idea isnt bad about this game but its so damn ♥♥♥♥in broken. lags, crashes clipping. i really tried to enjoy it but after running around for i dont know how long without touching a checkpoint, killin the boss just to crash afterwards because something explodes or what ever... im so ♥♥♥♥in done with this game.some say to not complain because they patch it. great. who wants to buy my broken car? 20k for it. ill fix it sometime later. pormis.DONT BUY IT TILL ITS FINISHED AND PLAYABLE!"
76561198118885873,Not Recommended,265300,13564595,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Redicex,LordsOfTheFallen.exe has stopped working.
,Not Recommended,265300,14524038,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Wrey,"The game has so much potential and so much it could've done right, but did wrong. Not going to be a long review that way people looking to buy can skim through the mixed reviews. First off this game is fun, don't get me wrong, the main mechanics behind the game are good. The optimization is meh, the art style is good, and the gameplay is decent.Where the game really fails is it's enemy design and how to counter these enemies. The game doesn't give you a choice on how to do something. For example early on in the game there's a shield enemy that can one or two shot you easily, break through your shield, and is IMPOSSIBLE to get around, the only way to kill him is to blast him with magic, there's no other way. The game itself is good but the bosses and enemies are too generic, the game needs artifical difficulty, not diffuculty that's going to ram you in the♥♥♥♥♥ There's a difference between a game with good challange and a game with bad challange, this game tries to give you a challange, which it does, but goes about doing it incorrectly."
,Not Recommended,265300,12745297,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Bu Qais,"After being impressed by the graphics and the theme I purchased this game and was disappointed.Why I wouldn't recommend this game:- Controls in general are not smooth at all- The combat system is SLOW, lethargic and painful in a nutshell- Storyline did not intrigue me at all- The game crashes often, very often..If the reasons above don't bother you then go ahead and get it."
76561197981099982,Recommended,265300,13095233,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,SuNin,"I would have to give this a recommend for a few reasons and some accompanying caveats.Combat:  The combat was awesome for me.  This is one of the best aspects of the game.  It really felt that like that good precise Dark Souls style combat.Caveat:  The combat, so long as you were playing a warrior, was great.  I really liked playing as fast rogue like characters, but I had a hard time pulling this off, personally.  The weapon combo system was great, but enemies reacted way to fast to make good use of Rogue type weapons.  I did not however play as a magic user.  I don't usually like that in games like this.Graphics: They are really well done.  The details of the world were really really good.  I also overall like the graphic designs in the game.Caveat: There were some complaints about it being too ""WoW like"".  Big shoulder pads, crazy helmets, a lighter color palette, but these things didn't bother me.  Some of the armors and weapons in this game were truly awesome to see.Sound:  I don't know if this was a bug that was not fixed before I beat the game but:  The enemies often times made sounds from their deaths several seconds after I killed them, it was really strange.  It's a shame too because the creature sounds were good in my opinion.  When they made the sounds they made, it was what I would expect.Replayability:  This is probably the biggest mark against it.  I don't foresee myself going through it again as an alternate class.  I started as rogue type character, then starting going into Strength pretty early on because rogues don't feel viable to me.Other complaints:  Warrior only.  I have said it before but I wanted outline this a bit more.  If you go into a strength build, this allows you to wear the best armors in the game.  You are never much of a damange sponge even with that.  Also, the majority of the time there was simply not enough room to be a character who is flipping all over the place.Another one is that the Shield Bash is the most useful move in the game.  It works against the vast majority of creatures.  It was so useful, I couldn't imagine playing without.  You will come across a lot of guys who are carrying huge shields themselves, and the shield bash is the only thing that I feel works on them.Frustratingly enough, later in the game you will come across enemies that cannot be hurt by physical weapons at all.  At the time I thought I would just have to equip an appropriate rune, but that doesn't hurt them either.  You MUST use your gauntlet.  But if you invested no points in that, then you are looking at a bit of annoyance.  I used a rune that caused my gauntles to catch them on fire, but the effect would end literally when they had barely any perceivable life on their health bar.  I would then dance around avoid their easy to dodge attacks until my magic filled high enough to finish them off.  There are items that help with this, but I don't feel you get enough of them that you can just pop them everytime you need one.  I did finish the game being a bit too over cautious with them though, so that is my fault and not he game.All of this said: I ultimately found my experience enjoyable.  The world was rich and interesting and different enough from any Souls game that it did not feel like a clone at any point.  I would not go back on my decision to buy this at full price, and if you catch it on sale it's an even better buy in my opinion, despite the frustrating parts of the game, which were few and far between."
,Recommended,265300,24016604,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,craesar,Don't let the reviews deceive you.
76561198091150995,Recommended,265300,33652188,Posted: 19 July,all,Winobot,a dagger waves slower than a sworda sword reaches shorter than a dagger10/10 mind blowing design
,Not Recommended,265300,19936756,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Aaron,"Do NOT buy this game. I spent nearly 3 hours trying to fix this game just to get it to work.First, the game freezes at the numerous adverts before the title screen even appears. Something involving non-windowed mode and smaller resolutions can help with this.Second, if you can get around that, then the game goes to permanent black screen at the title screen and just plays music indefinitely. This is because there's no saved game available, so it won't continue.Third, if you did not alt+tab out of the game during the load up, the game will crash on loading the save file. In some cases, the opposite is true and that alt+tab will cause it to crash at title screen. It's pot luck.Fourth, if you've managed to get passed all of that (which I did not), the game will then crash at any opportunity it can. Boss fight? Crash. Cut scene? Crash. Turned around too fast? Crash. Did nothing but stood still waiting for a crash? Crash. All of this from countless horror stories online I stumbled across during my search for a fix.The real problem is that these bugs have apparently existed since at least 2014. The fact the developer has not fixed this at all is a major concern.Since it took so long to try to fix this game (and to no avail) I'm now outside of the refund time. I'm hoping that the support team will at least factor in the broken nature of the game, but I can't say yet. Don't make the same mistake I did.Edit: The support team refunded the game for me, so I at least have my money back now. Looks like it will go on Dark Souls II instead."
,Recommended,265300,13306843,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,M1 Garand Ping,"Lords of the Fallen is a gem of a punishing Action-RPG with alot of replayability and an interesting story with alot of discoverable groundwork for it's lore through audio-notes and hidden areas. Although many people have given this a negative review based on their issues with its stability, I can honestly and shamelessly tell you that I have played this game through twice with an Nvidia 660 Ti and I have NEVER experienced a crash once.It saddens me greatly that people flay the game with their issues running it instead of focusing on the gameplay itself. If someone is unable to run it smoothly it is acceptable and understandable to make its stability a major negative point, but I feel this drastically overshadows the game itself and its amount of negative reviews do NOT reflect its worth in my eyes.On to the review:PROs:-Easy to pick up and play, a challenging yet simple introduction to its genre. A game equally providing the footwork for Dark Souls-esque games to newcomers with a slightly more adaptable learning curve and a challenge for veterans of the genre such as players of Demon's Souls, Dark Souls and Dark Souls 2 (I have played all three).-Great story with titbits of collectable lore. The story is not over the top and hard to follow but is fairly involved if you choose to collect the audio-notes. It gives its players a choice to skip the notes and focus more on the gameplay, leaving the story more of a vanilla 'Knight-kills-monsters' type deal, which is fine too.-Smooth and responsive combat feel. The games core mechanics reflect your combat style through the gear you use and the weapons you wield, much like the Dark Souls series. If you wear light armor and use daggers, you will be alot more fragile but can potentially land a hit with each button press and have a light and nimble roll. If you wear the heaviest of attires, you will have a clunky roll and your hits will have more of a delay and wind-up to them, reflecting the feel of bearing such a burden, however, you can take alot more punishment before dropping and can hit like a truck. Play your way.CONs:-Voice acting and lip sync. Some of the dialogue between the essential NPCs feels almost forced. They play a preset animation loop whilst their dialogue plays over the top. Whilst this doesn't bother some players, such as myself, if you have a strict immersion policy this will be a bother, but is by no means game-breaking.-Noticeable difficulty drop-off point. After you've been playing for a while and grinding away with those big enchanted weapons and armors of yours, you will start to notice a point where things are dying a bit too quickly. This is mainly an issue if you choose a heavily armored, warrior-type class, where endlessly pouring your points into vitality and strength starts working a little TOO well. On my NG+ of my warrior, I was so big and angry that I only died once, and it was falling off a cliff... you get the point. Whilst this is much less of an issue with rogue-like characters, it should be pointed out. Furthermore, if you are looking for a challenge or are more accustomed to Dark Souls like me, you should definately go for a rogue, as it will provide consistent difficulty, even through your NG+.-Loot variation system. Whilst the game uses a system where you cannot get the same piece of loot twice, which is a brilliant idea, it simply does not have enough variation in it's gear to support it. All the weapons and armor scale with your attributes so you can potentially keep your favourite sword or helmet forever and all of the equipment is very well modelled and aesthetically pleasing. However, once you find a supreme piece of gear, you spend the rest of the game picking up pennies and belly button lint by comparison. For example, once I got my full 'Lords' set of heavy armor, even in NG+ I couldn't find anything that even came CLOSE to it in comparison, and I am a man who loves his loot.Conclusion:In short, I had ALOT of fun with this game and its a surefire candidate for my GOTY, I would recommend it to anyone looking for a fun and involved challenge without diving head first into the Souls series. It has alot of solid gameplay hours, beautiful environments and gear, an interesting and involved story and a very 'play-your-way' attitude.9/10"
76561197985875036,Recommended,265300,12767804,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,theoddmike,"WARNING: I do like this game very much (hence the recomend) but it has a fair few bugs. its crashed a few times on me but worse of all i ran into a totally game breaking bug were my character fell into a pit, died, and then respawned IN THE PIT. the save file is now unplayable as i cant get out of the pit. this is 12 hrs into the game. I've contacted support but yet to hear back. I still want to recomend it, but a lot needs to be fixed on the technical end."
76561198011881045,Recommended,265300,20058939,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Zynn,"-> APPROVED ! <-I didnt finish the game, but i've played 7 hours so far and its so f* addictive !For those who have played Dark Souls series, they will like it, i can confirm that !> Don't waste your time bro, JUST BUY IT, its a cheap price and a nice game ! You will not regret it ! I'm sure of that !PROS:- Beaultiful game (graphics and monters style)- Nice animation and moviment set- Nice mechanics- Awesome price ! (80%OFF)- Good variety of items (weapons, armor...)CONS:- Fight and also moviments are a bit slow, but you will familiarize with it- Game crashes sometimes, don't know why.. (2 times on 7 hours gameplay)"
76561198023995877,Not Recommended,265300,17432579,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Lebanneur,It's a litlle bit overrated for the price...and the controls/fighting aren't that great...it's a good game anyway
,Not Recommended,265300,12763374,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Maunsta,"It's hard to recommend this game in its current state.  It's an incredibly buggy and unoptimized game.  Until the developers make serious strides in fixing these issues, I'd say hold onto your money.  This is mainly a consequence of the game's qualities just barely overcoming its shortcomings.  When the technical difficulties are thrown into the mix, those qualities have just that much more to contend with.First, this game is very much in the line of Souls games.  The similarities between the two are numerous: no map, tough enemies, nebulous story, a weight-based movement system, and a leveling/checkpoint system very similar to Dark Soul’s bonfire-based system.  The similarities don’t end there but this game’s status as a “Souls clone” has been well-established.With that said, the game does many things well.  The art direction, while it has proven to be somewhat divisive, is quite good.  While some armor has been recycled, the sets look good and fit the world they inhabit.  The animations are fluid.  Hitboxes are generally well done.  Enemies are far more likely to hit you on the back end of their swings than in any of the Souls game.  Whereas in Dark Souls, many encounters could be beaten by simply rolling into enemies, the same cannot be said for Lords of the Fallen.  One must think about his rolls and the direction they will take.  The weight system is practically a copy-pasted system from Dark Souls—a system I’m much more partial to than the system in Dark Souls 2.  On the whole, the game is generally enjoyable to play.Unfortunately, there are various issues that make it difficult to appreciate the game’s qualities.  Technically, the game is prone to crashes, the framerate is atrocious, and bugs run rampant.  I won’t spend time much time on the technical issues, though.  As for the game, frankly it’s too easy.  Most bosses are easily beaten on the first attempt.  Enemies aren’t too varied which affords the player enough experience within the first handful of hours to breeze through the rest of the game.  The developers try to curb this ease by throwing in, seemingly random, enemies that, while looking like typical enemies, have more health and do a great deal of damage.  Entire sections of the game, especially toward the end, feature enemies that do more damage than any boss in the game does while having a substantial amount of health.  This is fairly frustrating and inconsistent with the world the game is building.  Other issues include the targeting system, which is barely functional.  The magic system is poorly implemented.  Some spells are either poorly designed (Mimic which obscures your character and the enemy), only function a handful of times (Stab, which misses seemingly a third of the time), or are simply not useful (Prayer).  All of these spells also cost a great deal of mana.  My faith build (essentially a magic build) could get off maybe 2-3 spells before going OOM.  Add in the ridiculous cooldown that all spells have and one can hardly be faulted in wondering why magic exists at all.I’m going to stop here.  The bottom line: the cons outweigh the pros in this offering.  Perhaps a few patches from now and a Steam sale later this game might be worth picking up."
,Not Recommended,265300,14657739,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,mev_node,"What a horrible experience. The game crashes on startup for many people, while others experience sound and a black screen. The lucky ones with a lot of RAM get to go 15 minutes before it crashes, or perhaps just as it's loading new resources for a boss fight. It's been 4 months of these reports with no ETA from the developer.Since steam requires 5 minutes of play before writing a review, I had to load the game and let it crash on startup over and over. Consider the vehemence required to bring you this downvote."
76561198372374986,Recommended,265300,34724344,Posted: 3 September,all,Liks,"As Dark Souls series fan - i liked it.The game is dark, hard, bloody, graphics are pretty good.The only bad part that really got me: it's the slow swinging speed on most weapons.7.5\10"
,Not Recommended,265300,25706208,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Ennui,"it's kind of interesting western take on dark souls, but the warrior is the only starting class worth beans. the spells are helpful but require too much investment. backstabs are ♥♥♥♥ing baller. the game is somewhat easy if youve played a hack n slash or dark souls... until the third boss area. then the enemies and their damage suddenly jump in difficulty, and the third boss makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense.try it if its free or cheap, otherwise look elsewhere."
,Recommended,265300,34677718,Posted: 1 September,all,tfgleonel,"Lords of the Fallen is one of those games that are very underrated because it is too close to the original ones from where the devs took their inspiration to create this, and people tend to label those games just as a bad copy, a bad version of the original game. Which is the case most of the times, but not with Lords of the Fallen.First of all, there are some very clear differences between this game and the Souls series. Lords of the Fallen is more focused on its story and how to present it to the player than the Souls  games that are more focused on the world, difficulty, and how to beat the adversaries and situations, kind of leaving the details of the story ""hidden"". That is something that I enjoyed very much, because I am a player more of roleplay, story and exploration of the world and its characters than a fan of hack and slash. So I am more concerned of being part of that world than to conquer it. If you favour those things as well you are probably going to enjoy this game. It is not that the Souls series don't have good stories, far from that, but the story, the details, except for the main part, it is too ""concealed"". Take the complains about Lords of the Fallen: Most of them are about how bad people consider the combat to be. I disagree it is bad but I agree with the fact that there aren't many options..Second, everybody says that the Souls games are hard. I don't think this way. Perhaps because I am of a time when you had to go back all the way to the start of the game if you fail to beat it and that rarely happens nowadays. I think the Souls games demand time, patience, and practice, but it is not very much a matter of skill, except perhaps when facing another player, and that's where Lords of the Fallen stays far behind the original games, not having multiplayer options. But at least you won't explode in anger because you played 20 hours only to get an item from a Dual Skeleton Katana Dark Phantom or because no matter what you can't beat that part and you need to farm (and farm, and farm and keep farming) and improve before continuing the game. Without resorting to duplicating itens. Meaning: Lords of the Fallen  won't be a pain in the ♥♥♥♥♥ to solve something like any Souls games.Lords of the Fallen is considerable easier than any Souls game, but it does have an unbalanced difficulty: Everything is easy, except for the Worshipper boss and one or other situation. Plus the difficulty changes a lot depending on the class that you choose.Third the graphics and the concepts of the world: The Souls series have a nice concept that I prefer very much over the Lords of the Fallen. Both games are based on fantasy worlds, but the concepts for the Souls were more ""realist"" and dark, to stimulate and translate the atmosphere of the worlds of those games, this is true both to Demon Soul as well as to all of the Dark Souls and even to Bloodborne, while the concepts for the Lords of the Fallen are more exaggerated, sometimes even disproportional, everything is too huge, armors are huge, weapons are huge, the atmosphere is more colorful, etc.  Even the rules for carrying weight (for the inventory), don't really make much sense in this game. The weight of what you wear, of what is equipped, is counting, but the weight of any item that you carry in your inventory is completely ignored, so you can carry ten thousand weapons. But the way the character moves (and the creatures as well) are very nice, small movements are very fluid, people complain a lot about the speed of this game but it works for me; Harkyn does have his troubles dealing with heavy weapons, sometimes he can't even lift them unless you choose the two hands option. But he tries to lift them and fails. It is a nice touch. So, it is really nothing that bothers, after all it is just a game and that doesn't ruin the ""immersion"".One thing that kind of ruins the immersion, though, is the graphic. The graphic of Lords of The Fallen is very nice, all the details, the atmosphere, the character and creature designs, the landscapes, the change of tones and scenarios much more varied than on the Souls series... all of this are nice. The problem is that there are too many graphic issues. Dead enemies or broken props sometimes stays floating in the air. That bothers a little, but it is no big deal. The camera sometimes may be a problem too.The game has some other minor bugs and mistakes, sometimes you trespass an enemy instead of hitting it or vice versa, your skills are resetted and the game changes your class automatically (that actually only happened twice with me), some crashes, etc. But they are no big deal as well.So, all of the problems of the game are not really big issues, and despite being labeled as a copy, the good points are much more and far better than the bad points. In general, the atmosphere, graphics (when free of bugs), music and sound and especially and most important the rhythm of the game are all great.Final Considerations:If you don't know or if you are not an avid fan of any Demon or Dark Souls, you may like this game, despite the fact that it was inspired on those other games. Actually you are probably going to enjoy it even more because you won't be comparing all the time.The story is ok, the characters doesn't appear very much but they have some nice interactions, dialogues (simple but they work to show the world of the game and its story) and the most important thing about this game: it is very fun to play. You can play for many hours and forget the time."
76561198088265767,Not Recommended,265300,12945362,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,btbrotherton,It would be a good game if I could beat a boss without it crashing. Total garbage and a waste of money until it's fixed.
76561198005539778,Recommended,265300,13096807,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,blaze15301,this game is so buggy but yet so fun.
,Not Recommended,265300,20702895,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,OCEANMAN,Final boss is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198052242133,Not Recommended,265300,24261161,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ensis12,"Is it dark souls? Kinda. If dark souls was doing excessive coke for decades and broke out of rehab... Barely existing crafting system and lack of interesting spells/abilities leaves a lot of customizability to be desired. The boss battles are excruciatingly long, tiresome and absolutely generic. The story is mediocre at best as well as the 3-5 characters you really dont give a flying sh*t about.The only thing in which it really mimics dark souls perfectly is ironically the utter disorientation and lack of explanation for ANYTHING. So point there i guess...The combat system overal however is decent as well as the level design and outlay, which are the biggest pros in my view."
76561197962850450,Not Recommended,265300,20548752,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,o.o,"CI Games, Deck13 Interactive have been blacklisted. I wont buy anything else from you guys."
76561197991162282,Not Recommended,265300,17366106,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Ser Tinozeros the Oblivious,"Worst game ever. Frustrating gameplay and game-breaking bugs galore. (See ""Game-breaking bug Lords of the Fallen"".) Do not buy if you value your time and/or money."
,Not Recommended,265300,13721477,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,not a cop,Lordsofthefallen.exe has stopped responding is the hardest boss of this game
76561198040115084,Not Recommended,265300,21313190,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ynkeeblood9,"If you are going into this game expecting Dark Souls DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! It looks good but the combat is terrible, and slowww.I literally got a refund after 15 minutes of playing this game, you will know right away how awful it is. Again it looks good but the gameplay just feels really bad."
76561198042584786,Recommended,265300,23147959,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Hayden,"7.5/10  It is definitely a Dark Souls Clone. I hope people keep copying Dark Souls. It's  bit glitchy at times. The Shield seems completely useless, because the enemies don't do enough damage, and every time I block, they just break my guard. It's a pretty short campaign. At the beginning your first mission is to find some guy named Kelso. It has good replay value. After playing it twice, I still don't know much of the Lore. Some areas can be really confusing. I spent hours wandering around. The areas loop back and short cuts can be opened. Almost every enemy's attack is easily dodgable. Some of the enemies will do a series of weak attacks, and then randomly do an attack that does enough damage to kill you in one hit. It seems unfair. Overall it's a good game and it's worth playing. I got it on sale for $10Pros:Dark souls-like gameplayfun boss battleslots of replay valuemagic + melee weaponsCons:combat is simpler than Dark souls3 Different classes are not really that different"
76561198044624153,Not Recommended,265300,27843548,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vidokas,Great potential but poor realisation.PROS:+Great combat system. I liked it even more than in souls games. Because it's more realistic. You can't swing greataxe with one hand like it was broom.+Great graphics.CONS:-Short. ~ 15 hours on first run.-Unbalanced. I played with warrior and it felt super easy. I killed almost all bosses on first try. But playing with rogue is much much harder.-Unbalanced weapons. After you kill first boss you get two handed sword which is better than half of other two handed weapons that you will get later in game.-No replay value. In ng+ first montsters (blind ones) doing 4 dmg to my warrior when I have few hundreds hp :|-No real story. There is like 8 npc that you can interact with. And none of them have good dialogues or interesting quest.
76561198067562724,Not Recommended,265300,21143749,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ThunderWolf,"I am not quite sure what this game is trying to be. It is kind of like Dark Souls, but not really, which is not exactly a bad thing. It is not like Dragon Age at all which is a bit of a dissapointment. And it is not like Kingdoms of Amalur either, even though I have heard it compariered to all three. However, this is one of the most boring, monotonus, and overrated games I have seen in years. And here are three reasons as to why.1 The Basics: gameplay, graphics, mechanics ect.For starters, it is a hack and slash job, meaning that the gameplay is going to be a johnny one note eventually once you hit a stride. This is not always that bad, Dragon Age could be argued as a hack and slash but it is so good that it over comes that querk. What lets this down for me on that end is the way you fight. Once you figure it out, combat is down to this formula, block, stab, dodge, counter attack, rinse and repeat, rinse and repeat, rinse and Zzzz, Zzzz. There is not other truely effective tactic regardless of class used, not that the classes are all that different mind you. It will not matter which you choose, I will get into this later but it is quite bland. To make things worse, you cannot choose what your character will look like so you are stuck with one ugly SOB with a shaved head, bad beard, and stupid tattoos all over his face. Give up any asperations of running for government office. Not that you ever see it that much, the camera control is pretty much locked up to you rear end both in and out of combat, the only time you can ever see what you look like is in conversation, which is only marginaly better than the one found in Kingdoms of Amalur. Not that this matters either because the graphics are a big let down for a title of this price and rating, and this only came out a little over a year back.2 There is no F***ing castor class!!!!!!!!In Dragon Age, I prefer mage, Mass Effect, Sheperd is a Sentinel, and I go full Battlemage in Kingdoms. Three guesses which class I like, hint it sure as little green apples ain't here. The class system here is a little confusing, you begin by choosing three ""magics"" that have nothing to do with magic in any respect with the exaption of prayer, maybe. Next you choose which of three weapon and armor types that leave you in the same place, heavy armor, big weapons, and no finesse. In total, there are nine classes that can be chosen, first time I went out I came up with Ranger,the second, Paladin, third, Brawler. All three felt exactly the same, no kidding, the exact same gameplay, I gave up on each just a few minutes in due to sheer bordom. If you are like me, avoid at all costs.3 This kind of thing has been done to death, ressurcted, and done to death again.Big picture, massive evil army of death dealing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s out to kill everything in sight. Dark Spawn, Reapers, Uruk, Dreadic, Thalmor, whatever, they are the smae thing now they are called the Rhogar. Top points for sounding like the noise I make when I have bronchitis. Long story short, the market for this kind of this is saturated to a point where it is raining bits of archdemon in my house. You would think something like this would work to seperate itself from the pack with something, but if you look at it closely, Lords is a Frankenstine's Monster. Bits of gameplay and stories have just been cherrypicked around from other games. It is official, the guys here have less imagination than the guys who draw the bodywork for Porsche.Final words: I am dissaponted, this game received alot of praise when it first came out and I was hopping for a hit I could rack up a couple of hindred hours on and stand around with baited breath for the sequel. Nope, I will not be playing this to 200 hours and I am not waiting for the sequel, if there ever will be one. This game had somuch potential and failed to deliver on every level. Thank you Steam Refund."
,Not Recommended,265300,22287634,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,lehtipiffi,"Battle mechanics are: Enemy has shield, wait 3 minutes for him to attack to strike him once. Awful."
76561197977433578,Not Recommended,265300,20315692,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,zault,"Anyone coming form any Souls game or games like Bloodborne and Dargon Domga will crush this game within 10hours. NG+ you are pretty much a god. Not that there is a reason to play after you beat it once. If you are bored and can find it for 10$ on a steam sale go for it, but don't wast anymore money than that.Pros++++Graphics++The story is very linear and simple, but I liked it.++I got it for 9.99$ on the x-mas sale, for 9.99$ it's a solid game.++The game does have ""decisionsCons----Short as ♥♥♥♥. 8-10hours before you hit NG+.--No reason to play NG+. Yes you'll find some new items, but it's all useless at this point.--NG+ you are godlike, I finished NG+ in under 6hours.--No PvP, like Souls and BloodBorne. Or some type of interaction with other players like Dogma.--Being that it's 8-10hours of game play, you'll be spending most of that time back tracking. You'll spend at least 2hours back tracking. Because thats how the level design works.--16 total different type of mobs about 50% of the mobs you fight are swordsman or archers. It's the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again.--Class design is linear, nothing new about it at all and very simple.--You'll crash, a lot. Sometimes every 5-10mins. When you reload the game, you'll be back at a checkpoint and everything will be respawned. When I think about it... That may of made about extra hour plus of game time....backtracking...I'm sure I could think of more problems with this game, but I'll say this. Any reveiwer saying this game ""unfair"" they are just bad at this style of game. It's that simple,"
,Not Recommended,265300,22925420,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Mana,"I just can't get over the feeling that this is just worse version of any of the Dark Souls games, but I have to admit Lords of the Fallen does some things better than Dark Souls. Unfortunately bullet spongyness is the norm for this and the magic system is kind of dumb especially with the magic arm cannon, but... ehh... It's not really That bad, but I honestly can't bring myself to recommend it. Loved the early levels, interest kinda waned rapidly after magic arm cannon was acquired."
76561198047150489,Not Recommended,265300,20275772,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,(◣_◢),Doesn't even work... really...check the forums before wasting your money...
76561197980910801,Not Recommended,265300,32234681,Posted: 7 June,all,Haute DIO,"Desperate for more Souls-like games? Look further! Is Lords awful? No, but it fails so miserably at no-brainer mechanics it's a game better watched than played. You can't dodge in any horizontal direction (this alone ruins the gameplay for Souls veterans). You only have access to 4 spells your first playthrough- even if you're a faith build. If you're faith build you only get 4 weapons that scale with faith in the ENTIRE game. Animations are a full second too long. All the bosses are big dudes in armor. Few bosses have any mechanics. Strength builds can literally one-shot bosses. Rogues are just as useless as faith builds. But you know what? The graphics were great- and even the art style was very reminiscent of Warhammer fantasy in the best ways. And the story was interesting too. It's competent, non-intrusive, and wonderfully clear... Except for that ending. Do yourself a favor: save your money, save your time, and just watch a playthrough on YouTube or Twitch."
76561198148395358,Not Recommended,265300,24228488,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ozy Bozy,Full of irritating bugs. Enemies are too similar. Decent combat.
,Not Recommended,265300,13162486,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,rockit,The game looks nice. But I'm surprised to see such a bugged release. I suppose early-access way of production is becoming a usual way in gaming industry.
76561198119592089,Not Recommended,265300,13123515,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,AnonFace,"Broken cutscenes, bad physics, poor control and game crashes make this game more than dissapointing. Still has it's charms, but cons outweigh pros by far.3/10 Regret Buying"
,Not Recommended,265300,13127030,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SirFancyPantsOfPantaloons,"Don't recommend it, because it's STILL buggy.Pick this ""souls-like"" only when it's fully patched and on sale.p.s. played about 2-3 hours, gameplay's good but crashed twice."
76561198010826115,Not Recommended,265300,13148101,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Sidrelly,"I bought this game thinking it was like the soul series. And in a way it is. But at the same time this game is so poorly balanced that its become impossible to enjoy. Im only several hours into the game and standard enemies can take up to 5-10 minutes to kill, and thats only if im hiding behind a shield and spamming spells while waiting for my magic meter to slowly refill. The enemies are INCREDIBLY powerful. I get that this is supposed to be difficuilt. I played through every soul game with no problem and really enjoyed it. I cant even play this game because of how strong the enemies are. One example is fairly early on, after the second boss there is one enemy RIGHT next to a checkpoint/health crystal thing. You cant kill him. He does over a third of your hp with one attack, which he spams in a 3 hit combo. One attack from him completely drains your energy if your behind a shield. He has an attack where he knocks your shield away and then immedietly attacks for over 3/4 of your hp. No way to dodge it its incredibly fast. And dont even think about hurting him.  Literally whenever hes not doing insane amounts of damage, hes hiding behind his shield. If you attack him here you do ONE point of damage and your weapon bounces off. Doesnt matter if its a light attack, heavy attack, one handed or two handed. Always one point. Always bounce off. And you cant get around him because the ♥♥♥♥er spins like hes in a roller disco. I thought this game was going to be good. And it would be with some more balance. But holy ♥♥♥♥ the enemies do way too much damage and take hardly any damage in return. Your also slow as ♥♥♥♥ing hell. Any weapon that isnt the monk staff has the slowest ♥♥♥♥ing attack animation in the history of video games."
76561198007030884,Recommended,265300,17126018,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Relfinator,"STILL CRASHES! How long has this been out? NO way guys come on, get your act together, I paid for this game, and everytime I play it I never know if Im gonig to finish my boss battle, or its gonig to crash halfway through a fight... Enough said... Do not purchase this BETA release game if you are looknig for something fun. This game has caused me enough frustration that I am writing this review/complaint."
76561198115785118,Not Recommended,265300,19972782,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BurrDawg-Illumi-,dont waste your money on this game. it will most likely crash before you even get to the start menu
,Not Recommended,265300,19940326,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Diokaza,"It's keep crashing andWAS A FU*CKING BAD PORTFrame rate was disgustingFOR AMD USERS , DONT BUY THIS EVEN IF YOU HAVE A HIGH END CPU/GPU FROM AMD"
,Recommended,265300,12678436,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,King Solaire,Get gud.
76561197991281383,Not Recommended,265300,16949394,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,mickfilipe,"It's a shame that what could have been a great game is a broken program full of bugs.It's locked at 30fps by default. This is by design. If you unlock the fps you can expect even more bugs, broken combat and unexpected character behaviour.It randomly crashes, this is a known issue since release (9 months ago,,). Tried most fixes out there, still crashes. If you spend hours trying to kill a boss the last thing you expect is for a game like this to crash just when you're about to deal the final blow.It's shame cus the graphics are great and was enjoying the story line but with such a challenging and ruthless kind of game you can't have the mechanics/software against you, it ruins the whole concept.tl dr: don't buy console scraps"
76561198047384882,Not Recommended,265300,17146262,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Penitenziagite,"To expensive for what you get at full price. A ""maybe"" if you like this type of game and get it on a sale. Feels worn and a bit (well, a lot)  like ""been there, done that"". Pretty simplistic, gameplay, focused on combat options mostly.Overall, combat feel is sluggish, and as with many games of this genre it becomes clear that none of the designers ever wore ""real"" armour or used a ""real"" sword. Combat is just a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy of what some 90s game designer imagined medieval/fantasy combat to be like.Most (not all) mobs are to easy, most bosses take to long to take down. Games like that were crap 10 years ago, and they still are.Lost interest some way in."
,Not Recommended,265300,13304551,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,get back im evil :^),"Keep in mind i've only played 1.6 hours of gameplay, and while I can run it, I can barely(like 60-30fps on medium) .I'm not going to comment much on graphics because of that^This game... I'm really not sure what to think about it. It's ALOT like dark souls... a bit too much like dark souls. This game feels like they took the souls games, made them 50 percent easier added stylish combos and pretty graphics(yes they are very well done and look great even on lower settings), and called it Lords Of The Fallen. This game is buggy as hell atm aswell. I rate this 4/10. I'd reccomend you just buy the souls games honestly, 50$ for a near dark souls clone is ridiclous honestly."
,Not Recommended,265300,13613662,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Panda,"Lords of the Fallen is a Dark Souls copycat, and that's good.  Emulation is the highest form of flattery, and Dark Souls is awesome.However.It falls short entirely in the combat department, which lacks the finesse that Dark Souls boasted.  Rather than ducking and dodging, for the majority of the game all you seem to have to do is lock on, lift your shield up, and run in circles.  It makes me ♥♥♥♥ing dizzy.  The bossesi n particular produce very few obvious openings and seem to have the same strategy as you - Hide behind their shield.  It becomes very drawn out.I thought Dark Souls 2 had repetetive and boring combat (in PvE that is), but this takes the cake.Couple that with the fact that your main character is a boring, generic space-marine circa 1200AD, and there you have it.  Decent visuals, but ♥♥♥♥ing boring to play.I am happy for what the game REPRESENTS, and that's perhaps more Dark Souls-esque games in the future.  But I'd hope further attempts to emulate Dark Souls will also capture the game's unique combat technicalities."
76561198109184795,Not Recommended,265300,13617101,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kriksis,"Just recently bought the game with the new special.Unfortunetly i cant play the game initially the game would crash at the start up now the game crashes after the intro.Ive looked everywhere for information on how to resolve the game issues seems like this has been an issue for alot of people, they patched the game and i have everything updated nothing has been resolved.Very disapointing and disgusting!"
76561198017654095,Not Recommended,265300,16572818,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ShadingNight,I will give this game a full review when they fix the BSOD problem.Until then avoid at all costs.
76561197964394012,Not Recommended,265300,12785489,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Borka,One of the most awful rpg in the history. Very poor mechanichs and bad gameplay.I love rpgs and advenure games and have play ALOT of them and the two elements which make the genre good is 1.Combat 2. Story. Lord of  the fallen fails at both and the combat is the one which is the most dreadful.
,Not Recommended,265300,12831038,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,AeroTiticus,It's a good game. The only problem is that it keeps crashing so I can never get far enough to get anything accomplished. I'd only recommend if they fixed the crashing problem.
,Not Recommended,265300,12885293,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ngen,"Too much grief playing this game.The combat system is so bad you just give up eventually. The controls are cumbersome and unintuitive. The character is jaw crunching slow to execute moves and dodges, which does not seem the case for enemies. Which in turn ends up being annoying at best, rage-wtf-I-will-literally-kill-someone at worst. Especially when fighting several mobs at the same time.The total lack of quest indication and summary is also idiotic and a part left out for no reason what-so-ever.....And last but not least, whoever thought having monsters respawn when you die was a good idea, should be hanged by their toes and slowly descended into pee."
,Not Recommended,265300,13145377,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,[RCON] Rusty Staples,"Great game but unfortunately i cant recommend it because all it does is crash. Im running it on my 780ti and it tends to just sieze up completely at random times. Ive tried this game on a clean install of windows and it crashes the exact same way. Ive also tried on completely different hardware (switched to my secondary GPU and swaped the mobo, processor, and RAM) only to have it continue to crash in the exact same way. Its at the point where I cant even progress anymore.TLDR: Great game, but very poor hardware compatibility."
76561198001484635,Recommended,265300,12689853,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Ryok1n,"Lordsofthefallen.exe crash on start up, can't play game. Patch it!"
76561198003688677,Not Recommended,265300,29934676,Posted: 14 February,all,[LaR7] João,"the game craches all the time, i tried a lot of stuff to try to fix it, but didin't word"
76561197966974321,Not Recommended,265300,28477726,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Templar Dude,This game looks good but after an hour of trying it out I'm not enjoying it. Game mechanics feel wonky and as you run around fighting you feel clunky and wobbly. I'm also sick and tired of trying to beat one of the first bosses. I loved Dark Souls I don't love this game.
,Not Recommended,265300,28537350,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Volk,This game tries so hard to be Dark Souls it ends up just being dissapointing. The controls are clunky and combat often feels like its happening under water. In the end the game just is not very much fun.
76561198055730829,Not Recommended,265300,22608598,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,DrRoxo,"I really, really didn't like this game"
76561198204009615,Recommended,265300,22813117,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,streload123,i love the game its awsome i wish there was more content tho.allso i dont know wy but sometimes my game crashs i cant seam to find out wrone with it when i scan files
,Recommended,265300,34768430,Posted: 5 September,all,Abbhorase,"the biggest Con of the game is it's own identity confusion; sometimes it wants to mimic Dark souls, other times it wants to do it's own thing. the game is in this awkward place in between where it tries to do both and ends up very strange."
,Not Recommended,265300,18376904,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Raddick Chaddick,"dont buy it, it wont even run it just crashes before you even get a good chance to play"
,Recommended,265300,19321713,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,GOD DAMMIT KAEL,"It's like someone played Dark Souls, enjoyed it except for a laundry list of annoyances and decided to make a better game. Then they did. Is it a perfect game? No. It's not without it's annoyances, but its all around more fun and more enjoyable then Dark Souls."
,Not Recommended,265300,20149842,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,disench,"Skipping video makes the game crashes on my pc. Not particular video, any ingame video. If there is video prior to boss fight I'm forced to watch the entire cinematic. If I skip it with ""B"" (playing with xbox pad) whole game crashes. 100% repeatability. And this is not a new game anymore. This is a joke product..."
,Not Recommended,265300,20141565,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Feracon,"My review recommends against this game at it's default price. You decide what % off is appropriate based on my below comments.ProsThis is a more forgiving Dark Souls, well executed art and decent sound work. Control is snappy, overall gameplay feel is good.ConsStability was my biggest issue and the one keeping me from playing further. In the first 15 seconds of starting a game I got a black screen lockup I could alt tab out of and restart the game.Then I had a hard freeze mid swing in combat that I couldnt get out of and was about to hold my power button after about 10 minutes when the game shut and my system accepted all the input id been trying to give it.**Unfortunately for me, a big part of this game is centered around NOT SAVING. Seriously, how long can you go without dying or using a save crystal, the longer you go the bigger an xp/loot multiplier you build up, if you save/heal up at a save point your multiplier resets.**My second fatal crash/lockup came about 2 hours into a streak. Lost all of that progress. You know that feel, I know you do.TLDR: Game with core mechanic tempting the player not to save progress, crashes frequently on current hardware. Dare you risk losing hours of progress? (Tested with Win 7, 32gb ram, GTX980)"
,Not Recommended,265300,31743828,Posted: 14 May,all,Shardner,"Game wise its a ok/goodish game. The art is fantastic, some combat mechanics are kinda iffy sometimes but the main issue is the game is unplayable. Looked into every possible fix for crashing every 15 mins even gone through the whole list of possible fixes and nothing, 3 years later and it's still is a broken mess."
,Not Recommended,265300,18598038,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Manhole Inspector,"I can not play this game, it crashes all the time."
76561198015280594,Not Recommended,265300,13717186,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Drongo,"I'm sure this would be a fun game- IF I COULD PLAY IT.CI Games obviously doesn't know what the ♥♥♥♥ they're doing, because the amount of garbage you have to do with your computer that endagers it's running capabilities its sky high- just to get the game past the ♥♥♥♥ing advertisements on startup! This didn't even work for me!0/100000000Gof ♥♥♥♥ yourselves. Worst $45 I ever spent."
,Not Recommended,265300,26197253,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,NumberKruncher,"This game could have been so great but really lacks.The combat system is similar to Dark Souls except dreadful; rolls and attacks take way way too long to start. Shields are too OP; every enemy encounter is basically the same and so freaking slow. If only they had of made it MORE like dark souls where the combat is actually fun and responsive.Oh, and the camera system... get too close to a wall and your character goes COMPLETELY invisible. If you get staggered too close to a wall you cannot tell when your character becomes movable again because it's completely invisible.The graphics are lush and there is a variety in item drops and in-game dialogue is reasonably good."
76561198043402542,Not Recommended,265300,13764383,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Torment,"I have really really tried to like this game.  The graphics are amazing however the combat system needs completely reworked.  In an attempt to make it more difficult they made it damn near silly.  Your weapons are slow and cumbersome to use even using rogue daggers your weapon speed is slower than many of the enemies.  The bosses are not hard in the sense they are fun they are hard in the sense it makes no damn sense.  You are standing in front, the boss starts a down slash to the ground, you roll.  He turns half way down to ground and drops the blade on you.  Pretty sure you CANT stop a full force down slice with a heavy weapon mid way and turn 90 degrees to the side.  Just sayin.  Make it fun, make it realistic, make it harder ONLY if it makes sense."
76561198074218492,Not Recommended,265300,13777338,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ian.hubik,"This game is almost fun at first and had so much promise. But I find it has no clear direction and you are dieing all the time in order to get little progress with no easing up or understanding. I am sure there are some super hardcore people out there who enjoy seeing there own falure or rare success satisfying. It also seems that the game is rather small just, every character is an end boss (could be wrong). At first I thought it was just me but then looked online. I looked for something simple that I missed but no, It is just a series of challenges and more deaths."
76561198052269312,Not Recommended,265300,23161476,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Squid Leader,"I tried this game hoping for a Dark souls style gameplay and a challenge. I would say just like dark souls, it has its challenge and fast paced gameplay, that with knowledge can become easy. I personally liked this game, until i started to notice the ground shake and the constant camera shake. This is where i ended up quiting. I at first didn't think the camera shake could ruin the game for me, but it really hurt my eyes to play for more than an hour at a time. I looked for fixes, patches, and in game settings, but failed to find a fix. As a result i have to give the game a do not play, until it has been fixed."
76561198045957881,Not Recommended,265300,12877040,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,vladimire,I don't recommend to buy it. it's unplayable.
76561198051300415,Not Recommended,265300,13860328,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Bradalf,"I'd be lying if I said I don't find some enjoyment in this game, but every time I start to really get into it, something comes along and ruins it.It starts out quite promising, but soon you realise that all 10 bosses are nothing but an exercise in your ability to strafe around the arena and be patient as you whittle down their unnecessarily hefty HP bars. There are only about 15-20 enemy types(not including bosses) in the 15 hour campaign, which start to get very stale. The game is also filled with technical problems ranging from minor annoyances to infuriating crashes and random alt+tabs in the middle of combat.I would say pick this game up on sale, but it is definitely not worth full price. Dark Souls 1 and 2 have more content, and are better designed in general."
,Not Recommended,265300,12882679,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Crusnik004,Mediocre has alot of good ideas executed well but due to the poort performance and lack of actual content beyond replaying the story again with barely any extra rewards it feels lackluster.
,Not Recommended,265300,13772373,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,BobFetus,♥♥♥♥ this stupid♥♥♥♥♥mother ♥♥♥♥ing stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ass ♥♥♥♥ing game and its stupid ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥bosses that take too ♥♥♥♥ing long to ♥♥♥♥ing kill ♥♥♥♥ it.
,Not Recommended,265300,21787616,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Norseman,"When you want to clone a successful game you have to follow 2 rules:- Don't change the core formula that made that game successful in the first place.- Add something that makes your clone unique without hurting the core formula.Unfortunately the guys behind this game decided not to follow the first rule and the second rule is pretty uninspired. The main problem of this game is centered in the character gameplay, it's slow, it's clunky, the shake on the camara view is annoying and it's slow... yeah, I said slow twice because it is god damn slow.Visually the game looks good and the theme is attractive but gameplay kills it for me. I could force myself to adapt to the gameplay and learn to enjoy it but that makes no sense having better games out there."
76561198148997598,Not Recommended,265300,21223312,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,The Iconoclast,"I wasn't looking for it to succeed Dark Souls, but I did expect it to at least be a satisfying experience in its own way. It's not and if I hadn't left it running idly while I did other things and accrued a play-time in excess of 2 hours, I'd have refunded this game even though I only paid $10 for it.The combat is painfully slow, the enemies/environs tiresomely monotonous and the controls as unresponsive as a vegetable.I knew the combat would be slow going in, but actually experiencing it is another matter entirely. Imagine the movement and mechanics of Dark Souls were universally reduced to half speed and suddenly the collision detection was off. So you have daggers moving like greatswords, axes moving like ultragreatswords that you don't have sufficient strength to wield, and anything bigger moving like glaciers across concrete. Top that with getting hit for 48 damage by the first boss even though every visible part of your character is half a foot away from his sword and you have combat in Lords of the Fallen. Why would you make everything slower instead of maintaining a wide and interesting variety of speeds? How could you fail to ensure that collision detection was working perfectly in a game where nothing else matters? These are the questions...The Steam screenshots cover the extent of enemy/environmental visual design. You have your spiky-pauldroned guy with winged helm and axe...then a spiky-pauldroned boss with winged helm and sword/shield combo who only 30 minutes later appears in miniature as a standard enemy...then there are some blorchy zombie-mutant whatsits and some spiky-armored hooded guys with swords. Yeah...Dark Souls did the boss as a standard enemy thing too...but the first time you see that is much later in the game and it gives you a tremendous sense of how far you've come. Seeing a boss as a standard enemy 30 minutes after you beat him gives you a tremendous sense of ""what the ♥♥♥♥ is this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"".As for aspects less mechanical...Many people said the voice acting was competent. I say that's at most partially true. I don't know if it's poor acting or poor writing or both...but I know for certain that the near comically exaggerated animations certainly didn't help. The exchange between the player character and the woman on the cusp of throwing some priest over a wall made me wish I was the priest and that she had followed through to completion.The music is generic and lame. The menus are barely serviceable. The different armors don't have any sense of uniqueness because their sizes all conform to the beefy frame of your character. The enemies continue to make annoying sounds 5 seconds after they're dead. Objects/textures sometimes appear to be clipping through each other. etc...etc...But none of this would matter at all if the game was fun to play. And that is Lords' cardinal sin."
76561197995351019,Recommended,265300,21142297,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Necromorph,Good game but a little too easy compared to dark souls
,Recommended,265300,12721259,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Cadite,"After I got this game to stop crashing on me all the time I must say that it's one hell of a wonderful game.It got a few flaws here and there, but it got the feeling down to the core. Anyone that enjoys Action-RPG games or is a fan of the Soul series should definately play this game at some point.My current verdict on the game is 8/10"
,Not Recommended,265300,13123565,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,"Tayto, the Seal King","Choppy performance and crashes has rendered this game more frustrating than it should be, and unplayable. I sent a DxDiag over to CI's support, but even if they do manage to fix it on my end, I cannot within good consious recommend this game until they fix the core issues that cause Lords of the Fallen to have so many technical issues.The game itself is amazing when you can actually get it to work."
,Not Recommended,265300,13130452,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Rikaersh,"Only get this game if you love constantly fighting against turtles and playing as a boring, non-customizable Beefy McNordman."
,Not Recommended,265300,13160023,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Solidus,How I feel about this game :1) runs like trash2) optimized like trash3) looks like trash4) story is trash5) roll/backstab animation looks like trash. . . . Sigh I'm going back to Dark Souls . . . .
,Recommended,265300,17593515,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Evanlift,Bittersweet suffering.
,Recommended,265300,15805336,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Ragnus Lif,"The game is a Ripoff of Dark Souls, but less fun and a little too easyThe first CG is meaningless since in the game there's no monster like thatThe game is a little too short for a Action RPGGreat SoundtrackGameplay is decent, nothing new, but it worksoverall it's a good game, buy it with 50% discount"
,Not Recommended,265300,24232382,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ainastrasza,"I don't really have much to say here, I just feel the game is technically flawed and a bit dull. It's more a personal preference thing than anything. I think I'll stick with Dark Souls."
,Recommended,265300,19883300,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Doragon Maido,"Not as good as Darksouls 1, but infinite times better than Darksouls 2.If you like Darksouls 1 you will like this game too."
76561198030817391,Not Recommended,265300,18561474,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Pamela hot chick,never got chance to run this game. To many problems ...bad developers
,Recommended,265300,12727052,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Lunar,"I really like the combat, the atmosphere and and the RPG elements.I have a crossfire radeon 290 and the game never crashed on me. My setup is not powerful enough to play it at 4k with max settings."
,Not Recommended,265300,20271955,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,eternaleap,Constantly crashing pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do not buy it.
,Not Recommended,265300,13648775,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kurt The Yogurt,this game sucks
,Recommended,265300,22242681,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,zimflam,not dark souls
,Recommended,265300,23888583,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Emperion Dynasty Cats,"nice game, i like this game,  just little bit hard9/10"
76561198161463978,Recommended,265300,16520813,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MarkedByGipsy,This game is insane!PRO:-Graphics-Gameplay-StorylineCons:-Nothing this game is perfect69/10 would buy this game again.
76561198045818033,Recommended,265300,13153508,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,[TTGays] Jenkem Dealer,Need more DS-style rpg? 9/10
76561198126330693,Recommended,265300,16474469,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,smbm60,"Bolehlah, not bad. Even though some say it's bug, but to me, its average. Some might say it is copypasta from Soul Franchise but still it have its ""multiplier"" that makes the fight quite challenging as to stay alive to increase the multiplier.If some say it's too hard, it's okay, just #dungibab"
76561198020126902,Not Recommended,265300,12832112,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,MOH,Game can not be started keep crashing happen to many of people >Google it befor you by it.
76561198078849059,Not Recommended,265300,13304517,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,NakedCake,This game is a clunky version of the Dark Souls series. It's also very buggy as I have had more crashes than I can count while playing the game.The Developers should be embarresed in releasing the game in such a poor state.Would strongly suggest anyone thinking of purchasing this game that they avoid it like the plague.
76561198074848007,Not Recommended,265300,12828302,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,HandsomeHands Steve,this game seems so fun but I cant even play it...I have pretty much the latest gen specs for my pc!I can play for a few minutes then it crashes . I even put the game lowest settings and still crashes! I WANT TO PLAY ..FIXXX IT!!!
76561198098099167,Not Recommended,265300,12829214,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Vix,I would like the game if I could play it. until they get the start up screen fixed I wont bother
,Recommended,265300,13324115,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,RyC__¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"The Game itself is great! I love the Dark Souls series and since this game is basically a easier version i like this too.BUT!  It seems like it still has a ton of problems. In my case it would be the constant crashes. I mean 6 crashes in under an hour? I'm patient but that is kind of awful. And before anyone asks, i did update my graphics card drivers.Since the reviews split into 2 camps, meaning those who have the crashes and the those who dont, there is no accurate way to tell if you should recommend it or not. But right now, i do get the crashes and i think i should have waited to purchase this. So recommend it or not?Not right now. Will change if something changes or if there is a resolution to fix it.If you still buy it you probably have a 50/50 chance it does work. Do you feel lucky?EDIT: So i may have judged this problem too fast before really looking into it. It works fine for me now and another 2 hours into the game i do think have an explanation.So it seems like the Nvidia Trubulance feature caused the constant crashes, which is kind of weird because i have n Nvidia GTX 970. So by deactivating the feature it didnt crash on me again. So basically what the problem seems to be for Nvidia card owner is that the function itself causes some kind of problem and thus creating the crashes. And i guess alot of ppl don't have that problem because the have AMD card's and this feature is in general turned off? I don't really know, that is just my guess.Anyways.....having a lot of fun playing it. For Dark Souls fans a nice  treat ;)"
,Recommended,265300,13548372,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,PC Master Race,"After 50+ hours of play and ready to kill the last boss and start NG++ I can say this game is epic.  If you enjoyed the Dark Souls' games then LOTF is mandatory.  Some have suggested LOFT is merely riding on the coattails of Dark Souls but I disagree.  Very much like Dragon's Dogma, LOTF proves developers can take the Dark Souls formula and add their own style and make a fantastic game.  Performance issues which have largely been resolved with v1.4 slightly mire the game.  Some users have claimed they suffer random CTDs, or the game simply won't load at all but I have not experienced these problems myself.  LOTF2 has since been announced and I look forward to CI expanding on the game world."
76561198122630095,Recommended,265300,13566649,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,crossed,"Pretty underrated game.The combat system and the overall gameplay is great (it's not linear, you have to figure out where to go, explore carefully to find secrets, ect..), awesome graphics, and it's pretty atmospheric in my opinion, even if not as dark and bleak as Dark Souls.Not as challenging as DS, but I play as a rouge character (light armor and weapons) and it's not easy at all (I soloed DS and DS2)Slight fps drops here and there, but no crashes for me.As a DS fan I'm having a lot of fun with this game, highly recommended!"
,Not Recommended,265300,13260129,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Big Pasta,"My first note is that the game is very short. I beat it in 8 hours of playtime. No multiplayer, limited sidequests that are very vague and confusing levels had me getting mixed up all over the place. There were not very many bosses and they were all pretty easy. Only two bosses actually killed me.This game is NOT Dark Souls. Not even close. It uses dark souls combat mechanics like health potions that refill at checkpoints, dodge rolls, and left hand/right hand on LB/LT and RB/RT. The same mechanics are in it but the feel is much different. Everything in Dark Souls is very thoughtful and you can learn your opponents moves and such to make it a lot easier, but even as a magic build I found myself just smacking everything in the face with my hammer and ignoring damage.It was a very easy game, the only challenging part was that the level layouts are confusing and mazelike. I did enjoy the game, but it felt like it could have been so much more. I will probably do the NG+ but I don't recommend it for $50. Get it on sale and it will be fun for a while.TL:DR Fun but too short and no multiplayer. Do not expect it to be like Dark Souls. Mechanics are similar, but the game is way different."
,Recommended,265300,13801833,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,mLatchi,I know how people say its Darksider 2 for the cheap and are scepticle about this game but im here to give my first thoughts and personal opinion on this game. Lords of the Fallen is a very unique game even though it carries many of dakrsiders qualities. DarkSiders 2 is more of a death simulator and This game is somewhat a hack and slash. I mean its not entirely lets rush in and spam left mouse but it is a lot more of you being involved and attacking rather then waiting and watching your enemies attack patterns. Even though its more hack and slash like its not more forgiving. When you die you leave the white mist like object behind you and it gives you a certain amount of time to grab it. It starts from 100% and works its way down. Even though this seems easy the fact that the enemy will still be there makes you think if you would rather fetch it or attempt to kill the enemy first. Many people said it was a pushover but for me this was not the case since i didnt play darksouls or darksouls 2 before this game. Think of it as a kind of tutorial game for people who havent played Darksouls. Since i have spoken about my personal experience i will now tell you about graphics gameplay and issues. At this moment in time even though i have played 2.4 hours i have not had one single issue with this game. It has ran smoothly except for the second boss where it dropped fps for about 1 second. Graphic wise this game is beautiful. The beautiful environment and the way everything works with one another can change it from being peacful to a bloodbath in an instant without feeling clunky and all over the place. The voice used for the main character suits him but he lacks in personality which makes it quite difficult to fall in love with the characters so you feel connected. I rate it 8-10 and if anyone needs a game reviewed that i have add me and ill write you one
76561197987389420,Not Recommended,265300,13246589,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,clint_likes_pants,"I tried to like it. It just sucks, boring and repititive."
,Recommended,265300,12732402,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,TheSlimReaper,"Lords of The Fallen is Action RPG isnpired off the Dark Souls Series, as so it seams. Lords of the Fallen takes certain aspects from Dark Souls that made it great, puts it into Lords of the Fallen, flips it on its side, and attemtps to make it better but in a different way. They succeed in some aspects and fails in others, however, Lords of the Fallen is a fun experience and should not be missed if a sale comes by your way.PROS:Great combat, feels slow at first but after an hour or two it feels more naturalParrying that feels satisfactoryHard but rewarding bossfightsVery Unique armor sets and rewardsThe player gets rewarded for taking risks with the games unique risk and reward systemCONS:When preforming a backstab animation or parry, the camera will change to an awkward position.Some boss fights may have difficult movesets, but some fights are only difficult because of an INSANE healthbarCRASHES occur no matter if you have a amazing pc or not. ( I have crashed a decent amount and I have a powerful PC.The game is not very well optimized which lead to the crashes.Lots of random glitches and bugs that just make the game feel unpolished.The level design left me wanting more, instead I just kept revisitng the same areas.There are several enemies in the game that are invincible all the time and they suck, until you find a way to make them vulnurable which is possible for all those type of enemies, except for one in particular. The one you can never kill ( at least I couldn't and I did almost everything optional) is very very agrivating, especially in small halways.Verdict:Lords of the Fallen in the end is a well made game. It did not fail and is not perfect However, it suprised the gaming community with a difficult, rewarding, yet a fresh new experience that is one of the first games to take inspiration off the Souls genere and succeed. If you have the spare cash to pick up Lords of the Fallen, do so, but preferabley at a reduced price in my humble opinion.Rating : 8"
76561197997466793,Recommended,265300,12728700,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,TankChief,"Good game, from my perspective better than Dark Souls.. mainly for following reasons:- easier to play, im no longer teenager and i dont have lightning fast reflexes anymore- superrior graphics- and moste important PC FRIENDLY CONTROLS !!! yes this game actually dont feel it has been designed for consoles in  coparison to DS ""cant use mouse for combos"" huge leap forwardYes this game is definitely bit simplier but i dont see it as a flaw so if you have job id dont have dozens hours of free time to master every enemy in game this is great alternetive."
76561198095891244,Recommended,265300,13786516,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,LiterallyUseless,"The main complaints I've seen for the game in reviews are;1.) It tries too hard to be Dark Souls2.) It's not enough like Dark Souls3.) I'm bad at the game, so therefore it must be a bad gameI loved it as a fan of Dark Souls and the genre, my only advice is to play it for yourself. The gaming community as a whole has not idea what it wants, so if you're interested buy it and give it a shot. I got it for $20 on sale and got atleast $60 worth of value. Any problems with how it runs will be addressed over time, and if anything just look at crashes as part of the punishing nature of the game until it's fixed."
76561198005547355,Recommended,265300,20277412,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,AskMeAboutJesus,"This game is an amazing Rune....Almost no game is completely perfect.  This game is not perfect by any means of the imagination.  However, this game has some amazing maps, monsters and difficult challenges.Pros - The graphics are super sweet!!  I played this at 2560x1440p with a G-sync IPS  monitor and averaged between 80-100 FPS most the game.  The game looks fantastic- The monsters in this game are really fun to fight (not to mention they have cool names).  You fight people like the Beast, Champion, Annhialater, Worshipper, Guardian, etc... and they range in difficulties, but are all fun to fight!- The controls are good.  Some people complain that sometimes you hit someone and it doesn't register.  This is true, but it doesn't happen very often.- The loot system is nice because you can carry endless amounts of items.  However, you still have to be careful how much you are actively carying, because this will cause you to become overcumbered.- Once you beat the game, you restart and can select a different area of magic and you keep your XP and weapons, abilities, spells, etc.. and play again.  This time the monsters are really difficult and it really feels like you are starting over!- It's not Dark Souls- Got this on sale for $9.99 (worth every penny)Cons - When I first started playing this game, it crashed on me a few times.  When it crashed, I lost an hours worth of saved XP and almost rage quit the game completely.  After the first few stages, it never crashed again!- In two of the portal (challenge areas) areas, I immediatley died when going in there and my XP simply vanished!  I was so upset, that I found a youtube video to farm experience to get my XP back.  Take that game!!! - Lesson learned, be careful when going into the portal challenge areas!- Voice acting is laughable.  The story isn't very good either, but you will meet fun people along the way that help you stay engaged throughout the story.- Not really a con, but sometimes you will get stuck trying to find an objective and you will run around for long times trying to find out where to go next.Summary - Buy this game if you want to have an awesome experience in an open world RPG.  Yes it does have its own issues, but if you like Dark Souls, then you will like this game.  It's great!  I'm really hoping they make a Lords of the Fallen 2!!!!"
76561198055437740,Recommended,265300,22754466,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Christian,I punched a Warden in the thighs until he took off his clothes.
,Not Recommended,265300,32634140,Posted: 21 June,all,Zintix,"I tried to enjoy this game but it just felt so clunky in places compared to other RPGs that it was putting me of from enjoying it. The delay in getting the shield up was silly, energy really restrics enjoyabilty of combat (I get why it's there)"
,Recommended,265300,20015897,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Church,"Great game, just not for me.  I'd recommend it if you are into the Dark Souls ame but its a different pace."
76561198168858642,Not Recommended,265300,20081767,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dig Dawg Shee Shaw,"I just wrote a reveiw for this trash and steam didn't recognize it when i posted. Get your crap together Valve.That being said do NOT buy this game. It is a piece of garbage and not worth any money whatsoever, not even worth downloading if its Free to Play.  Combat system clunky, movement clunky, spell/level advancement system convoluted and annoying to interact with, equipment load out has no ""drop item"" or ""destroy item"" option, so you're carrying constantly all the equipment you ever picked up in entire game from very beginning.  Monsters are bland and uninspired, characters are bland and uninspired, (every guy looks like he's working out with 1970s Arnold Schwarzenneggar, even old men), like the art designers from Gears of War and art designers from Darksiders got together and had babies.Spells are practically useless and time it takes to cast them you might as well just swing sword a few more times, no diversity of franged weaponry like bows and crossbows, just a magical gauntlet you get early on thats with you rest of game and yet it sucks and is boring and crappy to use, you might as well use sword and shield. Always feels like you're moving through molasses no matter what equipment you're using (light medium or heavy).I could go more and more in depth but I really don't want to give this game any more of my energy even in this way.  Stay away at all costs. You WILL be disappointed. HEAVILY."
76561198021184740,Recommended,265300,20101090,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,lifehousee,"This review comes along time after finishing my first play through. I became interested in this game before it launched. I was looking for a game to quench my thirst for more Dark Souls. It appeared to have similar gameplay/character control. You will find many people comparing this to Dark Souls or saying that this game copied Dark Souls. I will tell you that this game establishes itself. The combat shares similarites. However, there is a total different feel to it. Magic and items have a different feel to them.The game does offer weapon enhancement, experience multiplier for the longer you go without touching a save shard. The visuals look great for the atmoshpere it is trying to achieve. The soundtrack and music is not as memorable as some other games. Enemy design is well thought out and the puzzles you encounter in the game take some thought to overcome. All in all a decent game to quench ones thirst. Give it a shot, it plays much better now than it did at launch. I will say that the final boss is a beast. The story has not stuck with me as much as Dark Souls. Although there were many more hours dumped in that game than this."
,Recommended,265300,15749632,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Rafahell,"lets see, game is well made, but really short, i like how they game it a more eastean design. Darksoul still a more deep and well done game, but this one has better graphics."
,Recommended,265300,15911572,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,kodaxmax,"It is very similar to the souls series, complete with bugs, crashes and dodgey hit boxes. The mechanics in this are nowhwere near as complex and interesting as the souls games, but still fun and functional in its own right.Most enemies are humonoid with exception of a few (most of which are dogs).The writing is terrible as is the story, the npcs seem to know exactly whats going on at all times but neglect to fill you in, if i didnt know better i would assume they are the masterminds behind it all.The graphic while great are not optimized and are quite intensive even on supercomputers.There is a very basic crafting system, but i honestly dont see why they didnt just let us socket runes from our inventory rather than making it overly complicated.The magic is interesting and often overpowered, but the magic guantlet is next to useless.The starting class feels like an important choice without it locking you into a specific play style.Bosses have additional challenges that reward improved versions of their equipment, though they are generally easy enough that you will complete them accidently alot.Enemies and bosses themselves are all very unique and fun to learn how to beat.Unfortunetly like dark souls you are required to trial and error your way through the game.The world isnt at all interconnected and is very linear especially at the beginning.Bonfires are over complicated and not explained very well (yes i know there not really bonfires).Overall its not worth the asking price, but is definetly worth considering if on sale.Definetly nice if your looking for more dark souls but are bored of the souls worlds."
76561198062856452,Recommended,265300,17448653,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,OpenMik2,When you want to play Dark Souls but it's too deep in the mainstream for you.
,Recommended,265300,16640280,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BobCat,"Surprisingly very nice and smooth game. Not so hard like Souls series, but more fast and fun instead. Good for evening after work. In Dark Souls I can't play when I'm tired for instance. In this game - I can! :)"
,Recommended,265300,25207990,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Bumblescrump,"I got this game on sale not expecting much, but thinking I might get some enjoyment out of it having played all the souls games to death. I was actually pretty surprised how much I liked it. It doesn't have the world building, or the build variety of the souls games, but it does offer great feeling combat and fun fights. It's a much more straight forward experience, which isn't bad if you go in to the experience with that in mind. All in all, I got more than my money's worth and am currently looking forward to my ng+ playthrough.  Also, I would play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a Conan the Barbarian game with these mechanics."
76561198018524406,Recommended,265300,20044089,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Business Jack,it's no dark souls but i think it's still a good gamebuy it
,Not Recommended,265300,20076682,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,I am ppppppppppppppppppppppppppp,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port, and can't even refund it's dlc because it's a ""consumable product"" Don't buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game."
76561197965035926,Recommended,265300,19993464,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Warl,"awesome game, dont understand why the heck the rating of this game is so bad. try it when you dont get comfortable with dark souls II."
76561198136176193,Not Recommended,265300,19990768,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,gigorahk,The game's first impressions are amazing and I am quite eager to play it. However;The game has a really bad camera bobbing and some blur that gives me severe motion sickness. Can anyone help me disable those settings? I don't recommend this game if you ever get motion sickness. I cannot play this game unless I can disable the camera bob.
,Not Recommended,265300,20034259,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,A Smug Tomato,This game is great.If you like seeing it crash every 20 minutes
,Recommended,265300,19968974,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Fish-E,"It's not as in depth, complex or long as Dark Souls but it's still worth getting if you see it in a sale!"
,Recommended,265300,20117896,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,fenrif,"I went into this not expecting much as people tend to dismiss this game out of hand. I was plesantly surprised.I'll say right off the bat that this is a Dark Souls 2 clone. I say two specifically because this feels much more similar to the sequel than the original (or Demons'). Nearly all your enemies are humanoids, for example.It plays a lot better than Dark Souls 2 though. No enemies pivoting on the spot mid swing to auto-track you, all the hitboxes seem tight and what you expect. Also it looks a shed load prettier for what that's worth.The conversation system is a bit pointless, and I was a bit dissapointed in the weapon upgrading system. You can slot gems into your gear for things like +4 dmg or +10 melee protection. But most weapons can only take 1 or 2 runes, so you never really feel like your changing anything dramatically. You won't get that Dark Souls feeling of taking a crappy starting weapon and upgrading it to +10. Though you can freely swap runes in and out as you wish so it's a bit more fluid.If you're looking for more Dark Souls then give this a shot. It's a straight up clone with a fresh coat of paint. In comparison to the other games like this I'd say this comes in somewhere inbetween Demons and DS2 in terms of quality.Worth a punt, especially if you see it on sale."
76561197980701922,Recommended,265300,20161406,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,BOATS,"So I feel safe reviewing this due to the fact that it's been about a year since my inital playthrough, and my opinion of it is unchanged.It's alright.My first playthrough was a lot of fun.  You'll go through the standard stuff of discovering new weapons, rerolling to use different stuff, and the inital thrills of exploring the areas.  Like everyone else has mentioned, the combat is very Souls-like.  It's a little more clunky and slower-paced, but that's not a bad thing.  The difficulty is pretty low; most of the boss fights are super gimmicky.  The story is bland and the dialog is atrocious, but it's not too invasive and does an okay job linking one area to the next.  I enjoyed exploring the world, trying out different weapons, modding them in different ways, and reaching the conclusion, but that's where the enjoyment stopped.  There's some replayability, different classes, different stats with different weapon sets, and a few different endings, but I felt no desire to go back through the game and find them.  I moved on with my life and came back across this game recently and decided to give it another shot with some fresh eyes.  The level design is a certain kind of bland, it's so unremarkable that the layout is memorable but not enjoyable.  After just about a full year of not playing it, I still didn't have much of a desire to go back through the game.I believe I got the game on sale, and I got a solid 15 hours of gameplay out of it that were very enjoyable.  I'm sure that's more than enough to justify whatever I spent on it.  I see that it's currently on sale (posting during the winter sale of 2015) for $9, and it's a phenomenal game for that price.  The base price of $49.99 seems a little steep.  If you don't have a habit of restarting when you find cool gear, you can probably get through it faster than I did.  If you're new to the action-rpg genre and struggle with the difficulty, it might take you 20ish hours for a full-explore playthrough.  Either way, the game is enjoyable, but quickly forgotten."
,Not Recommended,265300,20082106,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,bad_cluster,"If you are looking for a game to play after Dark Souls, give this one a pass.Combat is slow and clunky.Class balance is completely skewed towards sword and board warrior turtle playstyle.There is no pure spellcaster class, most of the spells are purely supportive with gauntlet being the only ranged weapon in the game.Agile characters are punished by terrible claustrophobic level design filled with hulking enemies that block your movements most of the time.And speaking of level design, its linear, with every area feeling compressed in every possible direction, even the few outdoor areas feel that way.Story feels like an afterthought with absolutely nothing of interest in it, the game world looks and feels generic and boring. Aesthetically the game is trying to make everything in it look as badass as it possibly can, and that only makes it more boring. There is no contrast of any kind.Without comparing it to Dark Souls (which is hard, when even its developers are doing it) its an average third person action ""role playing"" game, good enough for a purchase on sale, if you are bored enough, provided you never played Dark Souls, or hate how it plays.PS: Forgot to mention, it's short, with very limited replay value."
,Not Recommended,265300,19984368,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bobson Dugnutt,"Such wasted potential. A dark-souls-like RPG let down by terrible balance and uninspired, grindy enemy and boss design."
,Not Recommended,265300,26321531,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,CVLT,"Crash city crash crash cityI really wanted to like this game its visualy gorgeous from the brief bits I've been able to plat same goes for the music, however in it's current state this game is just simply unplayable. With about 90 minutes of play I've experienced upwards of 20 crashes. Drivers updated sli enabled/disabled doesnt matter that game just seems to crash randomly. At the end of the day I'm pretty bummed out but being out 7 bucks ain't that bad."
76561198003332807,Recommended,265300,31125679,Posted: 13 April,all,EternalNewbie,"Love the setting and the lore, but the Dark Souls inspired gameplay falls just short in the most crucial area - the combat. Somehow I never felt in full control which led to many cheap, cheap deaths.  Game crashed a bunch of times too.  Still, if you've finished all the Dark Souls games and are looking for similar gameplay in a more traditional medieval-European fantasy setting, this is worth a look."
,Not Recommended,265300,20697179,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Pan Ogden,"If you like easy combat and running in circles in mazes, you'll like this one. Youtube walkthrough necessary."
,Not Recommended,265300,16929270,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Wozzname,"Combat is dissapointing after having just finished playing Witcher 2. Very slow camera movement, feels too much like a ""console-port""."
76561198081681069,Not Recommended,265300,17100213,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Swordstalker0,"I went into this game with a clean mind and was sorely disappointed. The combat is relatively brainless and everything comes down to the same style. Bosses have specific strategies and are not forgiving if you try to innovate. The story is much more difficult to understand than a Dark Souls game, given the scanty lore and muddled character motivation. Honestly, I really love this game's visual style and boss designs, but it's not enough to justify the game being so unenjoyable. A very hurtful disappointment."
,Not Recommended,265300,12801319,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Val,"Short summary: A linear dark souls style RPG with a more direct narrative but glaring issues in combat balance, general stability & performance and unfair AI.In depth:Combat felt unfair despite being told enemies follow the same rules as the player, it did not feel like that in any shape or form. At times it'd be laughably easy circle strafing enemies to backstab them and other times enemies would treat your shield as if it were made of paper because you went the wrong way.Finding where to go boils down to trial and error, did that enemy kill you in 2 hits? Try somewhere else in this bland landscape to explore, it's difficult to get your bearings when so much of the environment looks the same.Performance wise I am running the game with 2 Nvidia GTX760's on SLI and am seldom seeing the framerate go over 40, it sticks in the 30-35 range for most of the time. Animations on enemies looking very jarring at times, stuttering as they moved in combat with me, taking me out of the experience entirely.side note:A potential fix for Nvidia users is to switch physx control over to CPU instead of your GPU, doing this got me an extra 10fps though your mileage may vary.Addition:I gave the game another chance and shortly after the 3rd boss and its convuluted tactics I encountered an enemy that used a grab attack on me, which then caused my character to fall through the floor of the game and land into a room below of which there was no way out as the door could only be opened from the other side. I had no choice but to quit the game, losing my progress.In closing this looks and feels like a Dark souls clone trying to jump on the bandwagon before it even got rolling. With the horrible issues in combat, exploration, bugs/glitches and optimisation, I would not recommend playing it at all in this state."
,Not Recommended,265300,14845190,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,jordan30001,"Too start, this game is great...but...After putting about 10 hours into the game and getting extremely frustrated at how often this game crashes I am almost to the point where I probably will never finish this game.My hardware is extremly high end so it's not the fact that my pc is struggling to run it or anything.Enjoyability of mechanics gameplay ect: 8/10Enjoyability with the current constant crashes 2/10Edit: after another crash which caused my pc to bluescreen it's time to put this game down and never look back"
76561198027874121,Not Recommended,265300,15025743,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,voidgate,"Poor camera and clunky controls. A severe lack of character customization and because of this the gameplay is repetitive and easy. The story, music, and atmosphere are spot on but because of the before mentioned problems the game becomes monotonous.I quickly found myself bored and wanting something new and exciting to happen. Unfortunately unless you count the crashes ever now and then that will never happen."
76561198002819606,Not Recommended,265300,14809387,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Taffy,"Area too difficult? No need to ""git gud"", just grind until you can pump up your stats a few points and problem solved!Also, the controls are unintuitive and the game itself is poorly optimized.Good for a few hours, then you begin to realize flaws.At least it has staff combat. Sort of."
,Not Recommended,265300,13576975,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Aleph,"Lords of the Fallen could have been so much better than it is.It's not a bad game, it just has some growing pains. The voice acting is pretty bad, the combat is mostly slow and uninteresting, and the gameplay seems like a hollow shell of its predecessors. I had high hopes, and I still have high hopes if there is a sequel.But this game is not the game I'd hoped it would be."
,Not Recommended,265300,13579398,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mad Niz,"Can't even get it to work. No help nor any of the past four updates plus the none responding error reports did a thing. Don't buy this game, don't fund this company no more. Let them learn to get their act together before thinking they can sell video games."
76561198036208613,Not Recommended,265300,15110096,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,over_,"I really wanted to love this game, but it's the worst game I have ever played. Lots of bugs, especially in the control that makes almost unable to play. The gfx and music are awsome but the gameplay  and bossfights are terrible."
,Not Recommended,265300,16565684,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,the waco kid,"If you've played Dark Souls, you know that the game's calling card isn't that it's hard, but it's a very fair game. When you die, it's your fault and you don't feel cheated.Lords of the Fallen takes the core mechanics of Dark Souls and adds a bit. The graphics are beautiful, the added roleplaying aspect is neat. But at the end of the day, the core mechanics that it stole from Dark Souls are implemented weakly. Hit boxes are awful. I haven't died once where I thought ""Okay, that's my fault I got greedy/hasty"". The problem is always the mechanics killing you. And that is not a good game.Lords of the Fallen tries to be a Dark Souls clone and gets everything about it's inspiration horribly, unappologetically wrong. It's difficult for the sake of being difficult so the designers can say ""We made a hard game."" 4/10, because the graphics are beautiful and that's really the only redeeming quality of the game.I'll be requesting a refund."
,Not Recommended,265300,16531569,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,neoadorable,"FINAL EDIT: OK, so finished it finally and actually giving NG+ a whirl. The pure garbage comment was just rude and i take it back. However, this is still not a recommended game. Anyone reading this, disregard everything below these pros and cons.Pros:- Nice visual style, very attractive at first glance- Some good choices along the way that are recapped when you complete the game in a sequence that i found oddly emotional- If you want a Souls game with a more gothic/germanic feel, this might be something to look into- Some nice ideas like the gauntlet and magicCons:- Nice graphics that hardly ever change and get boring quick: no diversity in environments, characters, effects- Painfully slow and cumbersome combat- Ludicrously maze-like levels that are just annoying, not interesting to explore, like someone did this on purpose to be an A-hole rather than with thought- Really much harder than Souls games as there is no summoning others for help and most players will be lucky to have 6-7 health potions by the end of NG. This leads to lots of frustration without reward, as some of the bosses make the worst Souls bosses look like child's play- Bad camera system and collision detection- Iffy target lock on- Relatively short story at around 30 hours compared to the 70-80 you get out of a similarly priced Souls game- Tons of gear that makes little to no difference- Leveling up also barely makes a difference beyond a very early point- Unfairly tailored to a very specific character build that makes the game much easier. Other builds this game is a nightmareOverall 5/10, do not get it unless it's heavily discounted and you're really craving this type of experienceEDIT: this game is pure garbage, so buyer beware. It's like the purely annoying version of Dark Souls. If you want the full review, read on, otherwise avoid. After 30 hours decided it was simply not worth it anymore. The entire game, and you can see this via YouTube videos, was designed for one build: warrior, rage spell, two handed greatsword. With that all the bosses are a cakewalk. Any other build and this♥♥♥♥♥♥is ten times harder than any Souls game, minus all the good parts. Avoid even if someone gives it to you as a gift.Got this on release day, which was like ten months ago...and can't bring myself to sit down and finish it because it's borderline boring. Still manages to be somewhat compelling, but just imagine all the difficulty of a Souls game minus the intrigue, mystery, reward, fluidity, natural exploration...and pretty much every other positive aspect. This is like a soulles (pun intended) copy of a Souls game done by an AI. Mind you i haven't had any major technical issues with this game, and don't understand why people say it's easier than Souls/Bloodborne. It's actually harder, there are very few bonfires/safe places, enemies respawn endelessly, you typically can only carry very few health potions, your guy Harykn feels like he's a tank wading through maple syrup even with light gear and high agility, and the map design is just convoluted: not interesting, not challenging, not lending itself to exploration. Just random maze-like, as I said, something an AI with no imagination would design because it was told to ""make it difficult and reallly not linear"". Sorry Deck 13, I'd say nice try but it isn't nice, it's the very epitome of mediocre."
,Not Recommended,265300,14156900,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,KK,Coming from someone who adores Dark Souls and was legitimately excited to give this game a try...... The camera is unbearable with how the levels are designed- outside areas are okay but inside rooms make me want to vomit from the camera's frickery. I can't get past the first area because it just makes me want to projectile vomit all over the place after 10 minutes.Lords of the F@#% this game
76561198036252807,Not Recommended,265300,14967992,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,GrandTsunami,"New patch new bug, the game is just not working for some unknown reason.They waste sooooooo much time trying to protect the game from piracy that had forgot how to make rest of the game."
,Not Recommended,265300,12821635,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,do0fy,"Ever since the first Dark souls, ive been looking for a game to put up beside it. this unfortunately is not the game. The map is fairly small, controlls & lock on work sometimes. Enemies have tremendous power, speed, stamina and move lists, some being just frustrating to fight. It started off looking promising but by the last boss i was just playing to finish the game. They try to encorpate a ""open"" based story but i found my self confused by some of the side quests as well as the main one. Over all alot of good ideas here but not exicuted well."
,Not Recommended,265300,16434963,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Rukinom,"The story is boring, the movement and combat are clunky and unresponsive, and the game is punishment without reward."
76561198038157545,Not Recommended,265300,16458523,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Hank Hill,"I played this game at a friends house on the console, and when the Steam Summer Sale started I picked this up at what I would consider a somewhat good deal. However, everything didn't go to plan and I ended up refunding the game pretty quickly, my short rundown...The Good: For one, this game looks beautiful. One of the prettiest games I've ever seen, and the artistic style of the world, its inhabitants, and the gear are great. The performance was  also really good given the amount of visuals the game pushes. The gameplay itself (which strongly resembles the Demon/Dark Souls style) was also fun, with its own quirks compared to other games out there. I actually liked the leveling system for a game like this, and the interface (although not the most keyboard friendly) was really helpful telling me what I needed.The Bad: As of June 16th, the day this was written, I just couldn't get over the crashes from this game. What's worse, when you crash you'll be left off the last save crystal you used. When a feature of the game is NOT to use them to build up a monster  multiplier for the equivalent of bonus XP, a crash is devastating. In addition, I noticed a ton of odd audio anomalies with the game. Voices were never a consistant volume, and it didn't seem audio positioning was done very well either. The voice acting of the game was...not so great, and the lip sync wasn't that great either. Your character's attitude seems a bit silly at times, and overall the story was a bit hit and miss.I really want to like this game, and if it didn't have so many problems I think it could've been a really fun game. But my time in game was spent redoing everything I had just done due to crashes, coupled with the fact that the game didn't really seem to entice me to push the story forward, something the Souls series does fantastically.At this time, I can't give a solid recommendation for the game, but it's definitely on my list of games to revisit in the future, because it seems like this could have good potential."
76561198009951943,Not Recommended,265300,13742196,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,CleaverHandle,"So, still buggy. tried multiple different patches and fixes and♥♥♥♥♥♥still wont start up correctly. launching from my desktop icon i can get it to start but right after the title screen all i have is black and my mouse cursor (which is still controllable). when launching from steam, i get a freeze as soon as the nvidia logo starts. so far 7 minutes of ""gameplay"" means controlling the mouse cursor on a black background. 7.4/10- IGN"
,Recommended,265300,12689066,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Koncintrate,"okay i rarley review games but i think someone needs to say this. this is not dark souls, somewhat similar but still. i have seen alot of fanboys bashing this game because  it's a ""rip off of dark souls"". its not very diffrent combat more story(i know dark souls had a big story you just had to look for it) its more in your face. the art style is something id compare more to kingdoms of amular. but all in all the game play is solid havent gottin too far in the story (because it does crash often). but i think this game is quite good altough there are some things like the consistant crashing that do hold it back a little bit. 8/10"
,Recommended,265300,12689369,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Dylan the butt villan,"Shields ONLY SHIELDS, everything that uses a shield is hard and 70% of the enemies use them so its hard. I like western style dark souls its not as good but its worth 50 dollars it will give you a new challenge while you wait for blood borne. It has unique bosses unlike dark souls 2 i mean they all look close too the same but have very different moves."
76561198184698015,Recommended,265300,35163908,Posted: 23 September,all,G00s3,good game
76561198064542039,Not Recommended,265300,19417130,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Pansy-Tongue,It's a real shame because I was so excited to play this. Very clunky and very dissapoinitng. Art style is amazing though
76561197988327878,Recommended,265300,13623824,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,monetyp,"Bloody hell, this game is gorgeous :)  all settings to v.high even on my rig and DAMN!very good play too so far (just passed the tutorial and into the main section) very good, highly recommend"
76561198013341064,Not Recommended,265300,19061741,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,raisltin,Game will crash after awhile of playing have my system completely up to date an will crash ever hour of game play have wasted my time trying to play.
,Recommended,265300,20572194,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,sonnikdoh,"Uh Oh, when you die your soul/xp stays there and you have to get it back to retain your xp (timer count down), and enemies are hard so it is now labeled as a Dark Souls wanna be!!!Or It's Lords of The Fallen!!Cool Game, I never was able to get far in the ""Souls"" games, but I liked this game."
,Recommended,265300,19491974,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Schmaples,"...LotF was a great game - not perfect, but damn good for $15. 8/10"
76561197969763955,Recommended,265300,19812388,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Stain {TA},"I played the most recent version as of (Nov. 2015. The game was stable and ran well. I solved the game without a single crash. I started the game on Win 7 and upgraded to Win 10 partway through. Both worked fine. Plus this game looks and plays great at 4k resolution. I have two Radeon R9 290x cards in Crossfire and it typically held around 45 - 50 fps.I really enjoyed this game, it was challenging but fair. Usually when I died it was when I was spamming attacks instead of calmly and smartly fighting through situations.  It is a good game for those that enjoy the Souls games (but not as quite good as them)."
,Recommended,265300,22510744,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,waiting for iphone y,"easier than dark souls, but still punishment for unskilled players"
76561198066830543,Recommended,265300,19425932,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Gundalf,If you like The back and forth of souls like games and cool loot play if you dont then you wont have any fun sadly
76561198060056911,Not Recommended,265300,22536971,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Oz-a-lot,"After more then a year (or is it 2 now?) it is STILL bugged, STILL crashes and really, now that DS 3 is out, if you want a hard dark fantasy game, get that.Gameplay is fine, however there are some major flaws that this type of game really shouldn't have!- Enemy Tracking: What I mean by this is that enemies basiclly always face you once they spotted you. They insta turn and face you. You can't role around them or walk around them unless they are stuck in an animation. however as soon as the animation is over they will be facing you again.- Shield / Faith beats everything. This is basiclly just a balancing problem, however it is pretty severe. You have next to no reason to go light armor dodge focus builds (sure there are a few attacks that you can't block / aren't worth blocking but you can still dodge no problem on medium weight. Blocking and heavy/medium armor (you don't want fat-role) is the way to go with strength builds and then there is faith builds that just make the game a walk in the park (though a really slow one).- The platforming (thank god there really isn't too much) is horrendous.- Lots of bossfights and enemies are really samy and just a test of patience. As in they have a few attack patterns and one of them leaves them really vulnerable (Hmmm, when should I attack the boss... me no understand).Worth mentioning though is that the graphics are great if your machine can handle it and the atmosphere is rather spot on.The Combat mechanics are while not flawless definitly good other then the above mentioned. Great Animations aswell.Maybe get it if its reduced price if you really want another dark fantasy game."
76561198009550819,Not Recommended,265300,19380584,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Demonocolips,seriously how bad can dark souls be that people dont see terrible game design so hard that they try to copy it. uninturruptable animations of every sort make the entire game slow and clunky just like dark souls.. etc . weapon legths seem to change depending upon the millisecond their swing so no attack is a gauranteed hit. why is there no diaganal roll its either forward left right or backward no diaganal this has killed me far too many times too count. there is no way to get behind enemies with shields unless their stuck in their own animation loops otherwise if you kind of get behind them they will spin a full 180 degrees in less time then it takes a neuron to fire. there are good elements here so long as there were not so many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t elements to bring down gameplay experince.
76561197980210376,Recommended,265300,19600205,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Barna,"beautiful graphics!!!!In my opinion the combat system could be better,and I have been lost in all that dungeons too many times,maybe a map could help or a crow like darksiders 2.7/10"
,Recommended,265300,20756226,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,face,"A good game. Great Graphics, gameplay, items and bosses.NOT A SINGLE GLITCH OR BUG"
,Recommended,265300,19660362,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,ghalex,Awesome game!
,Recommended,265300,20868781,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,HAN'NYA,Unique is visuals and also giving the player to choose different combination between classes and skills. I recommend to anyone who likes Action RPGs.http://store.steampowered.com/app/265300/?snr=1_5_9__300
76561198024337083,Not Recommended,265300,19303801,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,rochitsen,Donot buy this. Very unstable game. Crashes everytime. Does not even start. Why release it for PC if its not even gone through a very basic testing process. Disappointed.
,Recommended,265300,19472084,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,CorKneelius,"Good Game. Souls-like done very well, though more direct in story and combat.Solid, not souls good, or Bloodborne good, but still good fun.wait for a sale and grab it for another take on Souls style."
,Recommended,265300,20702600,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,dmni,"Poor man's Dark Souls. Well worth the 9,99€ but for that price only"
76561197971877162,Recommended,265300,12731672,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Asses of Fire,"I feel like I can safely review this after just a few hours.  If you've ever played any of the Souls games then you'll get the combat system right away.  I didn't even need the tutorial and the keybinds for a controller are literally the same as Souls with a few minor exceptions due to spells.If you enjoyed the combat system of the Souls games then you'll enjoy Lords.  If you are coming here looking for an epic story then turn around...the story is the weakest part of the game.  It doesn't give you that feeling of dread like the Souls games do.Graphics are outstanding, as are the combat animations.  You can safely run this game at 30 fps on high settings with a last gen video card (i.e. nvidia gtx 660 minimum).Difficulty is something to be desired.  I cleared 2 major bosses without breaking a sweat or dying once.  I still have not died after a few hours of gameplay.  The game is a tad difficult in the first hour but quickly gets easier as you pump points into stamina so you can swing that sword like 20 times and the monster doesn't have a chance.As for the price...well here is where I disagree.  Its a full priced AAA game that has no multiplayer mode.  So what will happen is you'll spend 15-20 hrs completing the campaign then just do it again on the same toon to level up all your stats; fans of the souls series will know what I'm referring to here.   If you can, wait until a steam sale when its half off, then it'll be worth your time.  I still reccomend it right now though if you're a fan of action rpg's and you have some throw away cash."
76561198011018962,Not Recommended,265300,13888913,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Gloonge,10/10 Would Un-Install again.
,Not Recommended,265300,13803539,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Knaeth,meh.
,Not Recommended,265300,13821665,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Aether,"Game crashes as soon as a i hit the main menu, extremely dissapointed by this genre as it looks amazingly fun but just isnt getting very good pc support."
76561198094567670,Not Recommended,265300,13848572,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,zikdibby,have not even had a chance to play the game ffs wont even load
,Not Recommended,265300,13832390,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,sangros,"As a Soul's fan I was disappointed by Lords. Here are some of the points i did not like about the game:- slow combat system with overpowered spells (wait cooldown stomp enemy is the best tactic)- reappearing level design (monastery walls and demonic castles)- small variety of opponents that tend to become annoying- boring storyline you are forced to witness (unlike Dark Soul's)Lords is an OK game but nothing more, in the beggining it has its moments but after ~5 hours of gameplay I began to lose interest in the game."
,Not Recommended,265300,13870417,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,cocotherat,so so bad
76561197984807828,Not Recommended,265300,13835947,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Skydan,"I have beaten a few of the bosses before I put this down for good. The mix of enemies with shields that you end up fighting in tight corridors that just stand there gawking at you while you wait for them to open themselves up so you can attack to the enemies that just plink heat seaking arrows at you around every corner.This game has been patched yet I have still had to deal with 2 crashes in my playtime, not to mention hilarious glitches like enemy dogs flying around me at the speed of sound.The graphics are nice, it plays smooth yet in my experience is just dungeons, its boring and very hard to navigate around the world when every damn place looks the same.The combat system tries so hard to mimic dark souls but it isnt half as precise. I couldnt get used to the i frames on the dodge rolls, it seems like a 50/50 chance of evading attacks. The weapons seemed rubbish to me, the only one I liked the feel of was the monks staff.I tried so hard to get on with this game but I couldn't stand it anymore, my play time was just me shouting at the TV at how badly designed the game is."
,Not Recommended,265300,14167827,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Budheavier,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ITS A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥BADLY OPTIMIZED GARBAGE IT RUNS LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥AND CRASHES ALL THE TIME
76561198076398344,Not Recommended,265300,13818114,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Tayu,"This game is like if Dark Souls had make up on, but fell out of a second story window when it was a kid. It looks really good, but it's permanently brain damaged."
,Not Recommended,265300,35268419,Posted: 28 September,all,!?,"Fighting system seems less skill based, and more stat based.  Try the later game ""The Surge"" by the same developer for a much better game."
,Recommended,265300,21189602,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Dealer of aces,Just finished this game and I was really surprised as to how good it was considering the reviews.  I'm assuming the reviews were based on unpatched versions of the game because I had no errors/glitches in my first play through.  Combat is fun albeit can be a little clunky from time to time.  Story was meh but items and experience system steps up to make it definitely worth a revisit later.  It's quite short so I wouldn't suggest paying full price but if you could get 50% off or more you'd be missing out not picking up this title.
76561197993248610,Recommended,265300,21398699,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,El Mythical 23 k.s.c.,"Dark souls clone, slower and easier if that makes sense. Pick it up on sale."
76561197991337631,Not Recommended,265300,21507303,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,venomskie,"game combat too slow gets a bit boring, overall not impressed."
76561198018664257,Recommended,265300,21250293,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Spodoba,"Extremely hard, but beautiful and worth the torment you get in some fights."
76561198088059418,Recommended,265300,21177223,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,iCb4uC,This game is just amazin. I was worried before buy this game cuz reviews but now i cant stop playing.
,Not Recommended,265300,23528158,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,bbaker_msu,"I bought this game a while back and began to play it.  After some false starts, I began playing in earnest.  I liked the game for the first 2-3 hours of trial and errors.  It may be that I've been consolized or other such term, but I just couldn't figure what to do/where to go next after enough time was spent exploring.  I uninstalled the game, not in a rage but just apathy in the 3rd area.  You're supposed to perform a task, but there's no information on how to do it (do I need to collect something, go to someplace in particular, pull a lever, what?), none of the NPCs are helpful and it seems to be more than just kill everything (I can do that one fine).  After a full afternoon of playing, I just couldn't care less.On a good note, it looks pretty good, the combat is fluid, hitboxes are fair.  I liked it more than I liked Dark Souls.  I just didn't like it."
,Recommended,265300,21291016,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,MeanBill,Hels yeah. Gotta get back to finishing this masterpiece.
,Not Recommended,265300,23776027,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,8-Bit Zombie,"It's hard to talk about Lords of the Fallen with out immediately comparing it to Dark Souls, both are 3rd person ARPGs in medieval settings with stamina driven combat; at a quick glance LotF seems like little more than your standard Souls-like, but there are multiple things that seperate it from DkS both good and bad.First I'd like to talk about what LotF does right, and that's its interesting take on risk/reward; while playing you will notice that every kill increases an experience multiplier, this multiplier lasts until you either die or activate one of the games checkpoints. This incourages you to be a bit reckless and make decisions on whether you want to play it safe or push on and reap more rewards. This system is made even more risky by the fact that when you die you have a limited ammount of time to recover your experience before it starts to decrease, meaning that skipping checkpoints not only makes survival riskier since you won't be  replenish your consumables it makes recovering your experience a bit of a risk since you might spawn several multiple checkpoints from where you died and will need to fight your way back as fast as you can.When the system works it's incredibly satisfying, and if LotF was fast paced and fluid as it's inspiration it could have made the game an instant classic. Unfortunately LotF feels incredibly slow and clunky, which in turn makes every encounter feel like a labored effort; but I will come back to that later.In order to understand what exactly keeps LotF from being a great game I think you need to look at what makes DkS a great game. Souls games are known for being difficult and throwing a variety of challenges at you; what it is also known for is giving you an incredible array of tools and choices to deal with these challenges. It's this freedom to face challenges any way you'd like with any number of possible strategies that keeps DkS feeling fresh and appealing to such a wide base. LotF however doesn't do this at all... Instead from the very beginning of the game LotF feels like it is constantly bottlenecking you into using specific strategies and character builds.Between it's unchangable class choices, its stong emphasis on balanced upgrades over min-maxing just so you can use your class abilities, and it's lack of weapon upgrades and minimal stat scaling forcing you into using heavy weapons just to deal enough damage to keep up with enemy health levels and healing LotF constantly feels like it is forcing you to play in a pretty specific ways; and unfortunately those ways aren't really all that fun.You are left between min-maxing to make the most of your damage and survival odds or dropping all your experience into spells/faith to make use of your class; you are given the choice of using fast weapons that do very little damage against enemies, some of which can heal faster than you can deal damage, or use high damage weapons that can take out enemies but are insanely slow and leave you open to be staggered constantly. The end result is a slow and clunky process that never really manages to make you feel like you are making meaningful choices instead of simply putting experience where the game wants you to, and that's ultimately what makes LotF feel so unfulfilling."
76561198210417271,Recommended,265300,24065735,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,santos,nice game
76561197972399903,Recommended,265300,27396064,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Saprophytic,"Painful curve, but not as bad as dark souls and demon souls, feels good when you best the enemy that almost kills you in a close fight."
76561198137995213,Not Recommended,265300,27887236,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Qrow,"this is slow, and very little guide to anything, really have to teach yourself about the game. some enemies are too strong for what level you are and they guard too much until they attack but you have to block their attack so little to no room for counter attack. overall a rip-off of dark souls, so its everything dark souls isnt bad, slow, and a waste of time."
,Recommended,265300,12987286,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Milfsniffing Jizzpiggy,"Currently in NG+ about 25hours in. i'm having good fun but the class i play(warrior) is a bit overpowered compared to the others other then that i'm having a blast. the game looks great, there a nice dark atmosphere and just overall fun gameplay.I had some crashes before but last patch (1.3) has fixed everything for me tho i can imagine FPS is bad on a less solid PC then mine. i really do recommend this game unless you have a low-mid end PC then i'd wait a bit to see if some performance optimising patches come.AMD fx-8350 @4.4Ghz8gig ddr3Msi r9 290."
,Not Recommended,265300,35512785,Posted: 6 October,all,Redhunt,"not a fun game. the world is no way worth the effort.if you want to exercise your patience, then this is perfect."
76561198020628905,Not Recommended,265300,18855359,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Devisarno,"If You like Dark Soul and other heavy action less rpg games, go ahead... if you like more a gentle approach, with stealth or less impegnative fights: don't dare!"
76561198002564944,Not Recommended,265300,15327932,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,RossTheBoss,"Game worked fine, smooth on i5 @ 4.6 GHz/R9 290 OC'd a tad from factory.Played till first boss, got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my shield is useless since can't block 2 attacks back to back.Can't stagger the boss, so he'll always hit even if I hit first.Character is way too slow to get between boss attacks, I assume the rogue option is fast and would actually work.Why have slow classes then? I dunno, only got to the first boss.This game isn't about action, it's about patience. I don't have the patience for it.Not what I expected given reviews of epix battlez. It's an annoying dance where your char is too slow to react.(So many times I'd be like ""DODGE YOU @$&%"" and Manly McManman would be busy moving at the speed of smell to get slapped by a giant sword for 21 damage nbd)Game not for me, may not be for you either. Looks nice though. Voice acting/faces a bit funny. Attempted to be real, but not real enough to succeed at illusion.May attempt in couple months when I forget what I thought about the game."
76561198050864519,Recommended,265300,20303479,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,♫ Daswe ♫,Would be great if the game actually worked.
,Recommended,265300,20282420,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jorge Barrera ♞,"Gameplay 9/10Graphics 10/10Difficulty 8/10RPG elements 7/10Overall 8/10Only problem I encountered was that post processing can cause stuttering , but other than that runs really smooth."
,Recommended,265300,20309661,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,The Majestic,Greeat game n pretty fun!
,Recommended,265300,20325166,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Handsome,Good stuff
76561198105854813,Recommended,265300,20287178,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,b5edf,Nice Game similar to Dark Souls
,Not Recommended,265300,18934039,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,BattaJrJr,"Lots of bugs, continuous crashes... Don't play this game."
76561198028684810,Recommended,265300,20281132,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Daradain,"Dark Souls Lite!It wears its inspirations on it's sleeve, but after you get past that you'll find a genuinely well put-together action RPG. While it certainly lacks the same depth as Dark Souls, it does enjoy unique enemies, good level design, and an overall fun combat system. Certainly worth playing if you're into the harder-core action RPGs. Just don't expect Dark Souls"
,Not Recommended,265300,15332533,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Arvinman,"Just clear the game.I feels this game is designed to be more frustrating than challenging. Camera control is as bad as hell, stay away from this game if you are motioin sickness type.Most of the time you will walk through the corridor and fight trough the horde of enemies. This is not fun at all.For me boss battle is on par with ""Souls"" there is a moment where you feel adrenaline rush in your body. But some boss pretty boring too because of you don't have many option/strategy to kill him except wait his big move then attack.The worst part is there is a moment where you are locked at boss. You can't go anywhere and if you can't kil the boss infront of you you can progress the game either."
76561198141656198,Recommended,265300,12733116,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,TorgueUser,I cant start the game it just frezzes in the main menu and after picking a class. :/Ok now that my brother fixed it i can actually play with allmost 0 crashes and lag.
,Recommended,265300,16470921,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Otto Volfbane,"This game has combined Darksiders, Diablo and Dark Souls into one piece of crap. A easier crap. Game seems easy because if you know the tactics you can kill every boss, with or without armour. Story sucks but gameplay is good. I suggest this game because tbh I enjoyed playing it and it worth the price for me, I bought it in Monster Summer sale with 80% off! If you want this game just wait for a sale."
76561197968571854,Recommended,265300,13646893,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,shookfree,"In my opinion this game looks, plays and feels much better than dark souls 2.  I have yet to experience a crash like so many are mentioning.  R9 290x at medium graphics settings i am getting 80-100fps.  High graphic settings look the same as medium settings to me....and i get much better performance."
76561198063217303,Recommended,265300,13595808,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Yuri Petrovich,It's a realy nice game! It is a little bit hard but that is nice because you have got to have a challenge in a game! The graphics are amazing in this game the classes are also nice!
76561198044204696,Not Recommended,265300,13706540,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mr.Dingus,I has high hopes for this game when it came out. I got this game for the PS4 first. The comabt system is such♥♥♥♥♥♥ it makes it basiclt impossible to play in the beginning. When you try to dodge an attack you can but you have energy and basicly when that runs out you are basicly ♥♥♥♥ed. the enemy has fast attacks at times so when you are trying dodge you cant because you are out of energy. All your moves cost even pressing the button once. You can't save after every enemy. You start all over from when you last save .Thats when you do get to at one point. Basicly just sve your money.
76561198048168642,Not Recommended,265300,13724600,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Pretze,Bought this game because of the sale. For anyone confused by any of the other reviews mentioning this to be a so-called 'new genre' or based on another popular game let me give you a clearer picture.  Imagine slow-motion Quake with Swords instead of guns and you are not far off. :)
,Not Recommended,265300,13730681,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Morgainz Freelift,"Only having about 4 hours on record, but heres my review:I will continue playing to seek better experience with the game.Its not the best game ever. I respect the fact of being inspired by dark souls but...WOW. There is a lot of wrong things in this game and find myslef ♥♥♥♥♥ing at it every moment. One of the biggest things that tick me off is the lack of shields acting like shileds. Blocking a basic attack from enemy? Lose your poise and take damage. Arrow? Flame arrow? Take FULL  damage and light on fire. The shield doesnt even block a single arrows damage. Thats what a shiled is for I thought. Guess I'm wrong.The whole rolling system just feels wrong.  As well as the combat. You may think you're about to kill an enemy with constintly hitting it. Wrong. The enemy randomly gains its poise and just breaks your attack combo. This game is a tad bit frustrating but for a game to be like dark souls it needs to be, well, not this. It has its simularities but not near dark souls.Now the weapons arent all bad. Unless you're trying to tank. THEN its bad. It takes a life span just to deal slightly more damage than smaller weapons just to hit once. Its aweful. And the bosses are just too close together. The areas are not nearly large enough.  And some bosses having poor patterns and lack of thrill.I hope for improvements by the makers of LoTF. Some one can only hope though."
,Recommended,265300,18307928,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,MegaMoth,"Great game, not as good as dark souls"
76561198033400160,Not Recommended,265300,13702010,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cursedphoenix,"This game is like Darks souls if it was crap which is ironic because I dislike darksouls. the enermys are B.S and I got killed by the game because I had the gal to not be perfect and got hit when I got hit when i was on the ground and I could not do anything infact a lot opf the enermys have a ""Didn't doge this unblockable attack well F*** you your now dead because I hit you three times whats that you have good armour on good luck you can't dodge the unblockable attacks no matter what."" and all the weapons are crap I wanted something with a large amount of damage because I was sick and tired of every battle taking 5 mins but all the most powerfull weponds were so slow I got hit 10 time before i could swing.Don't get this one just play darksouls one or two"
76561198097245206,Not Recommended,265300,13734954,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,jakafrli,"when i start up the game, the music starts playing i can even get into the game but my screen is black and i cant see anything, i tried fixing it but nothing worked. Is anyone having the same isue? and if anyone that has it and fixed it please help me."
76561198015569407,Recommended,265300,13600161,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,AssMonkey3000,"Weird one. Game is fun and does remind you ever so of dark souls. The graphics are great in my opinion. Runs well although I am still suffering from crashes every now and then. I am not that far in, so I could not tell you about story."
76561198161696496,Not Recommended,265300,20721532,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Gulans.P,"On bad side:Controls are terribly clumzy and unresponsive. It is bad for any game but for such type game it is especially unforgivable.Of course it is possible addapt to that BUT first impression is baaaad. You could do some extended tutorial for new players so they could get impresion, practice and get used to that. So that they could learn different attacks and fighting styles.Ancient labirint DLC crashes A LOT. I cant finish it becauses it crashes even before I got to boss and when I restart game... all progress - all armors and other items collected from labirinth are gone.On good side:I like art style and graphics. Game looks beatifull and stylish.And that ""dark souls"" game type is good thing in general."
,Not Recommended,265300,22225629,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ethan,This is a great game if you're a fan of the Souls seri...Lords_of_the_Fallen_Review.exe has stopped working.CI Games & Deck 13 has not found a solution to the problems.-> Check Online for a solution and close the program?-> Uninstall the program?
,Recommended,265300,13583578,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Jamook,"A bit linear, but its like Dark Souls with training wheels on, getting you ready to take on its better, harder predecessor."
,Recommended,265300,22981551,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,tmz,"At least for the sale price that i got it, definitely worth it; just don't be dumb and take it as a Dark Souls copy, but rather as an action rpg with great combat system and amazing graphics (all the armors and weapons look super cool!).A bit repetitive though and the main story may appear a little vague, which however in my opinion can also be a good thing, giving fit for your own imagination to fill in some of the pieces :)8/10"
76561198003987457,Not Recommended,265300,19627186,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Paladin Leeroy,"Unplayable garbage due to camera , wanna be dark souls . Dark souls 1 was a terrible port , but it was far more responsive and camera didn't try to look up your behind constantly ."
,Not Recommended,265300,19555998,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,GrayGL,"Very slow movement, attacks, and enemies that kill you in less than a couple of seconds if you don't know exactly what you are doing. Dark Souls without the fun~"
76561198049685786,Recommended,265300,15599309,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Hawx,This game is the most difficult game I have ever played but its a nice game overall.
,Not Recommended,265300,30621215,Posted: 19 March,all,Hakyra,"Lords of the fallen is often accused of being just a dark souls rip-off, to be honest it doesn't rip-off dark souls because this is not dark souls, the game is extremely linear, barerly to no exploration and the level design just can't compete with dark souls 1.Does this mean that the game is bad? well no, it's not awful, it does a lot of thing right but it has a lot of issues.Issue 1: The game performance is extremely inconsistent.My pc is not stellar in any way but i think that most pc users will not enjoy this port's perfomance, my frame-rate varies to 40fps to 8fps, sometimes even when there is nothing on the screen it drops to 15 or even 10 fps.The graphics look incredible at max settings, but at low they look horrible, i know that low settings the game does not have to look spectacular but the thing i don't understand is why my fps gain is 5 or 10 compared to max settings, even lowering the resolution does not help me at all.Issue 2: Combat:Combat in lords of the fallen is somewhat of a mixed bag, it starts just like a dark souls game but then it becomes extremely unfair and boring with bosses.It's unfair because most enemies will practically do massive damage to you while knoking you to the ground, just so you will get up and then KILL YOU BECAUSE THEY SOMEHOW FORGOT TO MAKE YOU INVINCIBLE WHILE YOU GET UP (you can't dodge while getting up on the ground), or you could equip a weapon that attacks faster but does little to no damage to those enemies, and to make it worse those types of enemies always go in packs of 3 or more.The boss-fights are complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is another huge complaint i have, they only have like 3 or 4 attacks max,one when they are close to you, another one when you are far and one special attack. They are extremely predictable but worse of all is that it makes battles boring, it's just attack, dodge, attack, dodge... you get the idea.Issue 3: Exploration and the landscape.For a game that it's said to be based on dark souls is very suprising to find that they didn't implement one of the best things in the dark souls games, the exploration. It's an extremely linear game with barerly any exlploration at al and when it does offer you a chance to explore, it ends with a room whitout nothing in there or an item, it never goes beyond this and it's extremely frustating.The places you go in the game are not very inspiring either, they look like they just look at hellish monsters and places, while they at first look inspiring, it quickly becomes clear that it's the only theme you will see with the monsters.Issue 4: ChallengeOne of the most nerving things about this game is that unlike other games that provide a hard challange, but are fair is that they give you enough room to prepare and learn from your mistakes, this game does not, it's not a challenge to be thrown in a room where you will get constantly killed by a monster that takes 100 hits to kill while it kills you in 1 or 2 hits, and to make it worst he has other monsters that chase you and want you dead, just so can drive you ♥♥♥♥ing insane, if this was, you know optional i would say, meh it's not worth it, but when the game does this 3 or 5 times it gets really on my nerves, so no this is not a challenge it's ♥♥♥♥ing unfair.So no, i will just continue to play dark souls, which is what i should be doing in the first place."
,Recommended,265300,14307409,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,☢ ColdFaced Lee Koji 屠る™ ☢,awesome
,Recommended,265300,20458930,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Lustikurre,"Ever played a souls game? It's basically that but more clunky, less cryptic, shorter and easier.Easier doesn't mean ""easy"" and the game still offers a challenge.All in all I did enjoy the game for what it was, but it could have been better."
76561198053621762,Not Recommended,265300,20468840,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,minipono,"Worst game I have ever played, the game play is clunky and there is no learning curve for the game it just chucks you right into it.  After an hour of trying to beat the first boss I have given up, I wish I could get a refund on this game, never buying from this series again."
76561198020814698,Recommended,265300,14103681,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Jchotrow,Dizzy
76561198073794669,Not Recommended,265300,19920564,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Gelian,"IT is impissible to play. There is so much bugs and so much stuff that just did not work as they should. In hints they say that it is important to use camera lock on your enemy, but camera lock does not work as it should! If you go behind, as I often did as I played rogue, camera become unlocked and I can't see enemy, so they hit me in the back and I die. It happened more often then it should. In 1 hour it happend 5+ times.Dodge suck in this game. If you will play, never dodge - block. If you try to dodge behind enemy and strike it in the back - you die while dodging. If you stay behind the wall and enemy attack and you do not block it - you die.I am learning programming in 3 month and even I can see that people who made this game are bad at their jobs.This game is bad, really. It isn't worth even 10 €."
76561198006617616,Recommended,265300,12688329,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Zarkan,"I have been playing the game now for about 5 hours & I have to say I am really enjoying it. After playing both Dark Souls 1 & 2 this game is definately more forgiving and does not have the depth of the souls series with combat, exploration or magic types, but the combat is fun, responsive, a good challenge (for me so far) & lit ook really cool (the artstyle reminds me of Warhammer Fantasy & Darksiders.) I did have a few crashes on launch, but they put a temp fix in while working on a patch & I havent had anoher crash after playing for 3 hours straight. So far I would say it is worth picking up, I will update as I get further in to it."
76561198061786965,Recommended,265300,32105133,Posted: 1 June,all,gromly,Big clunky boy likes ice.
,Not Recommended,265300,13598232,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DarkMavrik,"This game has been in my wishlist for a while now, so I decided to pick it up on sale. That was a horrible idea. the controls are really un responsive, and the combat system needs work. if all that isn't enough, trying to get the game loaded sucessfully is near impossible. It took me 10 trys of it crashing boot up. The crashing is due to the DRM it is using that is evasive as a monster. There is no reason for anyone else to blow money on this game."
76561198045870254,Not Recommended,265300,13760241,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Fleetwood Maxine,"poorly optimized, clunky as all hell, long load times, slow combat, just buy a dark souls game and love yourself."
,Recommended,265300,15684819,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Gamerz-Zone,Good game good graphics bad story and eventsThis games is great for the one who looking for a game similar to darksouls but as we know darksouls far better than this one in every aspectsGood decent game but not what you think
,Recommended,265300,13602206,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[SA] HeavyDeception,Cool Game just needs somthing to make it stand out.
76561197967223855,Not Recommended,265300,20514920,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,CakenSyrup,Its a dark souls wanna be with terrible combat mechanics.  Don't waste your money
,Recommended,265300,30775334,Posted: 27 March,all,IARXI,Am I the only one seeing this as a Warhammer be a Reikland Priest game?
76561198067046961,Recommended,265300,18987407,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,The Whispering Penis,It's okay.
76561198048816330,Recommended,265300,18187951,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Forgewright,"Clerics with heavy armors look really awesome, thats for sure. But in practice, it is not as much as fun you thought it would be. It is just so slow that it turns into pain after playing games like bloodborne which has significant similarities with this game. Still recommended."
76561198011060884,Recommended,265300,14522134,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Rafael,"I recommend the game. This game is fun, for those dark souls fans. Like someone here said before, we need more games like dark souls. It's not that long, but for me a 20 hours game is more then enough (although dark souls demands about 80 hours in your first playthrough without a guide). The graphics are really gorgeous, it has a decent story, and I NEVER HAD A CRASH PROBLEM...Enjoy."
76561198040891842,Recommended,265300,17084645,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Hammer,You will die! Noob Professional Recreational and Expert a like...you will die.
76561198099869690,Recommended,265300,17088959,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Unaware Spartan,Apart from the 3 times that it has crashed in the 2 hours of play that ive gotten threw and the fact that they have just ripped off dark souls without even trying too put there own spin on things.....its a decent enough game.
76561198107885107,Not Recommended,265300,27939538,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MattyBeard2,only paid 5 pound for it so far seems like a slower version of dark souls will keep playing and change my reveiw if it gets better
76561198097999450,Recommended,265300,22227079,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Maximvdp,ya
,Recommended,265300,28825115,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Soul_Easer,"One of the best RPGs ever. Realy like it.It's a bit hard until you get the hang of it, but it's worth it."
76561198025464405,Recommended,265300,12938893,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,HotBoxTheTardis,I honestly don't know where all these  bad reviews are coming from i have not suffered a single crash in my 17+ hours of gameplay. The game looks stunning on ultra settings and the art style is is interesting and consistent. The game might be a little on the  easier side if you're used to games like dark souls but that doesn't mean that there is no challenge . while the bosses aren't super stunning like those found in dark souls they are still a lot of fun to figure out and they all have a special way you can defeat them so they drop a special weapon. Im glad that more developers are willing to work on the formula that dark souls has established. Just like we have metroidvania and rouge likes I cant wait to see more souls like games its one of the most rewarding gaming experiences and this game does it fairly well. it’s a fun game with realistic combat that presents a decent challenge in a unique atmosphere. The story is okay but it is nothing to write home about but the weapons and equipment collecting is where the most fun is to be had
76561198046188820,Recommended,265300,13527171,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Khalel of Rivia,"OK first off, this game may have a few similarities with the Demon/Dark Souls series, mainly controls and the stamina/energy system, but that's where it ends.Lords of The Fallen is a great game. Graphics are stunning and even better if you make some small tweaks. If you are having problems making it look good for you then i suggest changing your GPU settings and have them override the ingame settings. I changed the settings in my Nvidia Control Panel to really make this game look amazing.With the controls being similar to DS/DSII you might start trying to play the same way but try not to because the combat in LotF is very different. It's nowhere near as difficult but it's much slower. You have to time your attacks carefully when there are openings to counter attack. That being said it's not too punishing if you mess up as long as you don't get sloppy. The combat can be very satisfying if you take your time.There are plenty of different weapon and armor types to choose from that directly affect your weight and encumberance to suit your play style. I prefer great axes myself in this game because when timed right your attacks are brutal and the ragdoll force looks awesome after a kill but not overdone. Hit boxes in general are very tight and realistic in my opinion.The story is ok. Nothing epic there. The problem is that it's very easy to lose focus on the reason the protagonist is there in the first place. ""Oh yea. I'm more than a demon-killing badass, there's something I'm supposed to do."" I found myself with this thought a few times after i would complete a part of the main quest and the story brought me back in. Other than that, it's fine. Voice acting, in my opinion, is very well done.The game world isn't as big as some other games in the genre. You'll find yourself going through some of the same areas to get to different objectives. Also there is no compass or radar or anything like that to give you a general idea of your location. You have to memorize the areas to get around more efficiently. I personally liked this, adding to the immersion for me, but i can see how this can be frustrating to some due to frequently getting lost or going in circles. Exploration is encouraged as there are plenty of secrets and lore to be found and even more after you complete your first playthrough, which adds to the replayability factor of Lords of the Fallen.Character development and growth is straight forward and easy to manage. Some rpg's can get a little extensive with their leveling system and attribute and/or skill distribution making for a lot of useless skills or abilities. Lords of the Fallen lets you level your character in different ways depending on your combat choice, warrior, rogue, or mage, all with useful and practical abilities that you will use all the time. You can allocate attribute points to your strength, vitality, faith etc. separately to raise the attributes you actually need and ignoring less needed ones for your play style.LotF does suffer from a few bugs. You can basically read about them all over the reviews for this game. I've seen a few glitches here and there but nothing game breaking. Mostly stuff like occasional frame rate drops or bodies glitching here and there. The only noticeable bug that i encountered was my graphics settings not saving while i was tweaking them when i first bought the game. But haven't ran into the issue again.Lords of the Fallen is a great third person action rpg that is visually breathtaking (after some tweaks) with a satisfying and rewarding combat system when patience is used and a story that can start becoming an afterthought after a few hours in but brings you back in at key points, overall it's pretty decent. The bugs are present but don't break immersion in my opinion. I really enjoyed it and hope for more like this from City Interactive."
76561198028290531,Recommended,265300,13824445,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Tormented,"Lets get the important bit out of the way first.STAY AWAY IF YOU CAN'T TAKE TROUBLESHOOTING.Stability. Stability. Stability.It took me over 3 hours to get the game to load past the first cut scene. Turns out my problem was lack of virtual memory. Popped it up to 4Gigs and off I went with no crashes in sight. I've got 16 gigs of ram so I don't know WHY it NEEDED VM at all.This game is wonderful. It's immersive, powerful and rage inducing at times. (Beside the stability issues)Pros:-Beautiful world and armor choices-Heavy response based combat.  Each swing feels more realistic than Darksouls.-Full fantastic voice acting-Difficult but not too terribly mind numbingly painful.-Powerful musicCons:-Crashing crashing crashing-Lip synch during cut scene is just horrible. They didn't even try.-First half of the bosses were so-so-Lack of keybinding support. There's no way to set up a custom config for a controller.-Lack of enemy variety.-I got lost a lot... Level design is composed of a lot of tight hallways and caverns. No necessarily a con but was bloody annoying after getting lost in the same place 3 times.When it comes down to it it was a great game, albeit short (13.4 hours first run through), fantastic combat that took forever to get the nuances to. Have a guy with a huge shield? You have to have a mace to knock it down. Low armor fast assassin type? Use a short sword or fists. You really have to adapt to who and what you are fighting through out the game or else you'll have to get creative or have a bad time. It took me about 6 hours to get the combat system down right.I picked this up for $20 and it was $20 well spent. The standard $50 is a bit steep for the time spent though there are a lot of incentives to play NG+ more spells, armor, weapons, hidden items, side quests, multiple endings, etc.I pray they make a second one with twice as much content and a wider variety of foes to sink my axe into. All in all I think I've enjoyed this more than Darksouls II and that's saying something. I just wish it was a bit more rounded out."
,Recommended,265300,12941001,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Luke,"Although not as deep or large in scope and variety as the Souls games Lords lovingly nods to, its nonethless an enjoyable action RPG with remarkably high production value."
76561198049315969,Recommended,265300,13290462,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,TEST SUBJECT,...LordsOfTheFallen.exeHasStoppedWorking...
76561198010271345,Recommended,265300,13408718,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Beta Ray Bill,"Thought these guys were supposed to be PC game developers. But 60% score on Steam? On Steam?? Check the negative reviews. All complaining of technical issues. It's disheartening, to say the least.Whatever. It's still a good game when it works. The content lacks, but the gameplay doesn't. Feels like Dark Souls but with more thought gone in, instead of difficulty due to large gaps between player and NPC damage/hitpoints. And you shouldn't be suffering more than a couple cheap deaths (if at all) so long as you play it smart.Different tactics can yield widly different results. Surprisingly, rushing the enormous melee boss with my two handed axe jump-slashing at his knees was the best way to win in one instance, where hanging back with a big shield previously was hardly helping at all.The game is short though. And the plethora of technical problems discourage a second run through the story. But hell, if you see it on sale for good, I'd still reccomend it, since the devs at least are releasing patches."
,Recommended,265300,13535058,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Leeson,"Lords of the Fallen did have some crashing issues for me. Fortunately, these were solved after setting my GTX 970 PhysX settings to ""CPU"" instead of ""Auto"" in the Nvidia Control Panel.Although this was disappointing, I simply couldn't stop playing this game! I'll summarise some things I liked/didnt like below.Positives:* The game world is very immersive and so cleverly constructed. You'd be 60% through the game then pop out at a door you found locked like 5-6 hours ago, with a reason to go back there. It really did well to keep you exploring.* The game really rewarded you for opening every chest, smashing every object and generally looking in every nook and cranny for secrets. I wouldn't have gotten half the awesome gear I did if I didn't find every place!* Boss fights are challenging, but not abusively punishing. My gripe with games like Dark Souls which are awesome games is simply the time wasting part. OK, when I die on a boss that's fair enough. I'm happy to take the challenge again, even happy for some EXP penalty. These are all fine by me. What I hated about Dark souls was the fact you had to fight 20+ minutes through the same creeps over and over just to try the boss fight again. Lords of the Fallen alleviates this by keeping the boss fights interesting and challenging, but giving you a checkpoint quite close by. This way, when you die you can go straight back to the boss and try again. No time wasting.* Graphics are pretty awesome, and textures are beautiful.* The game was about 15-16 hours in length, which was fine by me. Ideally, a game should always leave you wanting for that little bit more. And that's what Lords of the Fallen did for me.Negatives:* Story is not very cohesive. It kind of just throws you in and expects you to know all this stuff. There also isn't very memorable characters. The gameplay and exploration is what makes this game a blast, but a great story to go with those mechanics would really perfect it.* Some crashing issues (which seem to be fixed now).* I wish there was a way to keep exploring the world when you've finished the last boss. Instead you have to start New Game + which is essentially the same game all over again with harder enemies and better items. I wish new Game + was more an optional thing and you still had the freedom to go exploring after game is finished. There was some places I hadn't figured out how to get to and I wish I could've done that.All in all, I  highly recommend it. Especially for people who couldn't find much enjoyment in Dark Souls. This game is a bit more forgiving and a great introduction to the genre."
,Recommended,265300,13777888,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Honeybadger,"its a very good game, it has a dark souls esk feel to it."
,Recommended,265300,13283948,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Socrates Johnson,"It starts off feeling like Dark Souls, but later takes those game mechanics and creates something else with it.  The game starts off somewhat difficult, feeling under-powered, and enemies hit hard; and areas that seem gated by your level to keep you from going in that direction until you're ready (catacombs early on really showed me how weak I was).However, it get's easier pretty early on as well.  I started play as a cleric type, and once I had enough points into the Daze spell, things just got a little too easy, especially bosses.  Dying became irrelevant , as fidning potions to recover your ghost after death were plentiful, as well as attribute/spell point shards to increase your stats even more.  I think I finished with 20 VIT, 30 Faith, and 20 End, wearing the Fallen armor set and wielding a massive club, making end game bosses a joke.New Game + was a pleasant suprise, as I found the enemies scaled very well to it, though the bosses were still pretty simple.  I tried being a rogue for NG+, but with the amount of experience needed for a single attribute point becoming increasingly expensive, I relied mostly on those attribute/spell point shards to boost my stats.The story telling was done in a way that I like, picking up audio notes to listen to the lore as I fought, instead of finding a note and having to read it to take away from the action.  The story, overall, was pretty decent in my opinion, and with the audio notes found, it gives you a deeper understanding of the world and just what it is that has happened/is happening.  The one part of the lore I would like to see expanded upon is the main character, Harkyn.  I don't know what sins or crimes he has committed in the past, but his face, if one could understand it, tells the tale.  The only thing I can gather is that he was a soldier, as the captain you meet in the game knows Harkyn, and vice-versa.Decent story, solid mechanics, and fun gameplay; I recommend this for anyone who is a, ""Souls,"" fan, though don't look for an exact clone, but a game that took many elements from the series and expanded upon them in it's own way."
,Recommended,265300,13399412,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Bobmerman,"Pretty good, aside from the technical issues, it's definitely a lot more than just Dark Souls, more a Diablo Souls with the way it works and a little bit closer to a power fantasy.  Lot's of issues with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ main character and plot, but overall, it's fun anyway."
76561198096230635,Recommended,265300,13487249,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rohack_28,i like the game but the first boss fights are two hard
,Recommended,265300,13842454,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mister Awesomesauce,"This game shares a lot of obvious mechanical similarities with the souls series but really does stand out as its own title.  This is a relatively linear action rpg with some castlevania esque backtracking and a lot of hidden side quests and rewards for those of us that are itching to explore every nook and cranny ( like souls, but you know where to go nearly all the time to progress the story).  The story is played out through fmv cutscenese and for the most part  the game does a good job of letting you know what's going on and where to go next.  It's not all hand holding however as there are no quest markers or maps.  no, you'll have to get accustomed to the area and recall location names if you intend to follow the leads to that special magical item you're trying to discover.Misc Pros:Leveling and the whole purchasing stats to level thing works similar to dark souls here with its bonfire mechanic.  There are alternate hard mode challenges for each boss that rewards extra loot.  There are challenge portals that appear after a boss is defeated for those that remember to backtrack a little and get some more loot and items.  Mobs are varied enough and the bosses are distinctly unique.Misc Cons:You can't avoid damage in this game so much as mitigate it.  Sure you can avoid a lot of it but theres much you can't or just isn't worth trying.  Second, there are relatively straight forward, clear and linear upgrades for weapons and armor types.  Third; the movesets don't change much from weapon to weapon in each wepon class (ie: all greatswords handle pretty much the same.  Just go with the one with the biggest damage.)That being said this game holds its own as a very good title.  Coming from someone with over 700 hours across the soul titles, i happily played through this game and immediately rolled into a second play through."
76561198053584656,Recommended,265300,13874867,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Drax Kaiser,Very good game altough a little rough around the edges and could use some work and hopefully will with its sequal. For those playing this game I advise turning off the PhysX. For me it worked fine in most parts but in places where snow fell or sparks flew the game would somtimes lag and disabling Physx fixed this.
76561198037191880,Recommended,265300,13287503,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Vlaad BlacDragon,Look...I really like the game..Iplaying NG++...but it really peeve's me off when after a solid hour of grinding exp..getting to 2.0 multipler..having like 200k exp..then fighting a boss for max exp points and the M-FING G-DAM PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME STOPS F-BOMB WORKING!!!!! GET IT PATCHED ALREADY!! JEBUS WEPT!!!
76561198048212158,Recommended,265300,13439191,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Child of the Chu,"Played for a couple of hours, got on sale but honestly i would 100% recommend.A lot of people are saying that its like Dark Souls, and in fairness i can see the resemblance in the pacing of combat and the healing system (similar to flasks in DS) but at the same time, this is a wonderful looking game on its own with an art style that matches it perfectly.The story is kind of pushed to the back for the part i've played with the hours i have soent in game, searching for a single man. With that one objective though i've already fought and beat two bosses, both of which were slow paced, thought out fight, and found plenty of loot to hoard.Personally, i havent experienced any crashes or problems at all and if you're a fan of Fantasy/Dungeon crawlers, definitely buy this game."
,Recommended,265300,13439674,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Silvershock,"Love(d) it. i've gotten to almost the end with three completely different characters, and like a book i just don't want to end i've been spending my time playing other classes instead of pushing on with my main.. even though  iknow this game has a ng and a ng + mode, so i suppose i should pick a fav style and build and get'er 'done... In the probably hundreds of hours i've played it its crashed 2 or 3 times because of blueray movies playing on the other monitor, so not sure if i can blame the game on those... but other wise no problems there, love it, want more of it, there is a sequel already in the works and looks like a good content dlc pack is headed this way... so if you like a darksoulsesque kinda game then this is for you,,,  haven't played it without a controller though, i think like DS it would be a pain to play kb+m but to each their own.. but this has been alot of fun, frustration ( difficulty at times ) and soo bloody rewarding, few games will have me sitting there wondering if this crazy gambit will actually play out or if i'm gonna have to waste another ghost thing, or just waste the time and slog it back to where i died... only recently found out about the ls+ y = checkpoint without xp bonus loss... so atleast that way you have less of a distance to go to get at your precious precious xp's ..... Def one of my if not fav Game of the year..."
76561198089603296,Recommended,265300,13489435,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DAngo,Lords of the Fallen is pretty much an easier version of dark souls if you are into games who has epic enemies and you having epic gear lords of the fallen is your pickPs i think the rogue class shift ability is op
,Recommended,265300,13498043,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,RΣOL,"Looking through the reviews, I suppose this game got patched, since I've yet to havw it crash. I've also only came across 2 bugs. One was when starting up the game, when my display was set to ""Borderless"", it would run in a standard window. (Just applying the borderless option again was enough to fix it), and a weird bug during a boss battle where I would be teleported a few feet away after being knocked back.The game is a lot of fun, and don't let the ""It's easier than Dark Souls"" saying fool you. It's still very challenging."
76561198079542184,Recommended,265300,13534014,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Senpai Cutie,I'm feeling this. Typos and deaths.
,Recommended,265300,13544383,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Cyanide,"Warhammer Souls: My Lords of the Fallen ReviewApart from lack of fashion support and the questionable amount of usable gear combined with some rather janky dialogues. It's good, very good*. *Some people have reportedly had technical issues, I had none."
76561198157282750,Recommended,265300,13781335,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,-=BioHaZarD=-,"The game is really challenging most especially the Boss Fights. They cannot be beaten easily and you need to fight them over and over again until you can build your strategy/strategies to defeat them.Pros:Challenging, will bring out the best in you when it comes to making strategies in defeating every boss and every enemies you will face.Cons:Not enough tutorials with new special weapons along the way."
,Recommended,265300,13796722,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Sokar,"This game for as much as I enjoyed it felt ""Small"" and really easy.  Other than that, the feel of it was just about perfect.  What you would expect from something modeled similar to a Souls game."
76561197984962469,Recommended,265300,13816797,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Fog,"Overall a fun and addictive game, im gonna play again under a different class. The crashes were anoyying but didn't really stop me from playing overall. There is were some combat issues that annoyed me such as when you hit an enemy with magic or a melle attact and although you HIT the guy nothing registers. Ive never played dark souls but after Lords of the Fallen i will definetly give it a go."
,Recommended,265300,13834828,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Thera,"First, in just a couple of words, I recommend this, but you should know what you're getting into.The developers clearly intended this as an homage to the Dark Souls franchise, and after playing through and beating the game once, that is being charitable.  Homage or ""whole sale theft,"" you be the judge.  But for purposes of whether you should play it, it matters only insofar as you go in looking for an exact replica of Dark Souls' brutal challenge and unforgiving combat.  Despite many shared features/mechanics, Darks Souls this is not.  This is Guy Fieri to Dark Souls' Gordon Ramsay.  And you know what?  Sometimes you just want a Honky-Tonky Double Barrel Meat Loaded Blast (with extra Jack Daniels Sauce!) instead of caviar.  And that's OK.If you can approach this game as the testosterone, Monster energy drink fueled Todd McFarlane 90's nightmare (knightmare, I think Todd would have gone with) that it is, you'll have a blast.  I swear they read every Spawn comic ever and just lifted art and designs from it.   It has much of the following: KNIFE ARMOR!, KNIFE HANDS!, KNIVES THAT HAVE/ SHOOT MORE KNIVES!, BIG ABSURD COMPLETELY UNFUNCTIONAL F*CKING WEAPONS!, BROODING!, GRRRRRR!Combat mechanics are decent once you get the hang of them.  I used an agility Cleric build (WITH DOUBLE F*CKING KNIVES), so I was pretty much untouchable after I learned to time my rolls and figure out how to dance away from things then dart in to slice and dice.  Magic gets pretty broken across the board, I read.  I used the support path and ""Shelter"" immediately breaks the game if you focus on spamming it before, during, and after fights, as it can completely replentish your health bar.  I used it when I needed it, instead of as a security blanket, because the combat was pretty fun and not white-knuckle insane like DS (which can, again, be a good thing!)  I died a fair amount of times, usually through carelessness or camera issues, but I never felt totally SOL after getting killed after a decent amount of progress since the last checkpoint, again unlike DS.Bosses are great looking (as is the entire game if GOTHIC HELLSCAPES RAAARGH! are your thing), and pretty straightforward.  I did not have to rely on cheesing/kiting any of them.  The first few boss fights, before you figure out how to dominate, can be intense.As far as the story and character devel....HAHAHA just kidding.  Here, have some wicked knife armor and go kill some big f*cking monsters.7/10 will probably check out NG+."
,Recommended,265300,13854445,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Dash,"Game seems a bit unstable on my system propably because i have 4gb ,but i played on my friends pc sames comps as mine the only difference is that his pc has 8 gb of ram and it runs great , also it's a nice game with nice looking graphics, but a bit slow combat system"
,Recommended,265300,13897841,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Master Fluffles,General Awsome Game
,Recommended,265300,13899859,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Mystic,"I Would recommend this game. However its broken. I'm 6-7 hours in and I cant progress because my mana meter stopped recharging itself, crippling my ability to progress in the game. You have to leave an area using your magic, if you have no mana you cant leave this area. This is a known problem and if I want to finish the game, or in fact do anything else, I have to start over with a new character. SOOOOOO what the **** developers? Fix this game, like yesterday!"
,Recommended,265300,13279593,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Xystussis,"Lords of the Fallen is usually compared to Dark Souls (sometimes unfairly), and while yes, it IS similar, there are differences that make it its own game.The game play is very similar, and if you own a controller and have played dark souls you'll feel right at home.You gain experience from each enemy which can either be gambled or stored, and monsters only seem to respawn if you die, so it will balance earlier.The beginning of the game is very much a tutorial, and it does (thankfully) get a little more difficult as you progress through the story (for me one of the very positive aspects).You also get challenge portals linked to lords. Kill a lord, and then go into the challenge portal, survive and you get loot.The more you have of these, and the more risks you take, the better you will do in the game.The balance of the game is set for people who will use the Checkpoint system, so you may find it either too difficult, or too easy if you circumvent it.The experience is engaging, and quite addictive.Positives:Great aestheticChallengingGood story/Strong story tellingRewarding feeling (loot / challenges / accomplishments)Large levelsNegatives:There are frame rate issues, and stuttering. Sometimes it will freeze for 1 second or so (seems related to asset loading)Crashes (I've only had two and they seem to be related to alt+tab) - Alt+tab == crash.Mixed balance - some enemies are too easy, some are too tough (for no apparent reason - though this may be related to an area you shouldn't yet be in.)"
76561198037737146,Recommended,265300,13463759,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Halluza,"Decent game.  Not a lot of replay value, but worth a playthrough. As a Dark Souls veteran, it's not very difficult.  Very similar mechanics which are fun to play in another game but not a lot of enemy or weapon moveset variety.  Once you figure out the few enemies the game has to offer it's a walk in the park."
76561197982217175,Recommended,265300,13497675,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MinkyMuskySlyOldFox,"This game rewards you by fighting for longer without using a save point as an actual mechanic, which is a neat idea and the combat is very good. HOWEVER the game is prone to crashing, so after you've wandered about kicking♥♥♥♥♥for huge xp bonuses for an hour only to have the game crash then your fury level goes well over 9000 as you have wasted that hour.Some crashes in games I'll forgive but when crashes conflict directly with the inbuilt game mechanics of not checkpointing regualrly... it's a big stinky problem. If they fix the crashing, get this game easily reccomended! If they don't fix it then... well.. don't."
,Recommended,265300,13505344,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Lan_D-Noizeshakerz,Good game. Love it.
,Recommended,265300,13511146,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Heratick,"Truly a fun game. Difficult at times, but that makes it more fun for myself. Stabillity with the game seems to have vastly improved, I haven't crashed once in the 6 hours I played today.If you are a fan of the Dark Souls series this game is one worth looking into."
76561198048555583,Recommended,265300,13785022,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,alvstyyle,I really enjoyed playing Lords of the fallen but with any game there is always good things and bad thingsi did not really understand the story too much other than kill the lords to save the worldyou play harkyn a prisonor of crimes too bad that no one can explain them which is pretty disappointing in my opionion but maybe that will be released in a second game or maybe a dlc if there is going to be any.you are earths last hopeThere is no level cap but you only get to play through the campaign 3 times for each of the classesi have had minor problems with this game personally i have a handfull of crashes and my mana bar after i got killed alot by the boss next to the power beam (crystal for smith) was stuck to 58 which meant i could not cast any spells but the only way i could fix that was too upgrade my faith level to where i could use the spells which is pretty annoying other than that the game is enjoyable and would recommend it
76561198027637440,Recommended,265300,13795662,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ArtMeister,good game with similar gameplay to darksouls
,Recommended,265300,13802390,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Marvellous Chester,"100% Recommend this game.There are many Negative reviews for this game which almost kept me form buying it, and the 'Mixed' reviews really scared me, but I'm VERY happy that i purchased this game.This is going to be a rather long section as i feel there is a very large amount to talk about. The game has the same 'Souls' feel that we all know and love with some differences here and there that really help it feel like its own game, and not just a clone as i was expecting.Speed:This game has a very unique feel to it. The combat is slower than the Souls games, which each action having a small amount of 'wind-up' time as you would expect in real life. This is not a complaint. Yes it makes your attacks take longer than Souls titles but it also does the same for your enemiesMovement:This is a big one for me, as i always play the nimble rogue in Souls games. I feel like the movements in the game feel VERY good. Very organic and natural like you would expect from a real person diving around.Crashing:The one thing that ALMOST stopped me from playing but surprising enough, upgrading my gfx drivers actually solvedthe issue (something that in the past has never affected much). Definately recommend doing this BEFORE any other fixes you find.Overall i REALLY love this game. Personally i think the gameplay is better (albeit similar while also very different) than Dark Souls 2 (which really was a letdown in my opinion, but i digress).RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,265300,13804274,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,asper454,this game will make you never give up!
76561198006384665,Recommended,265300,13812526,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,cryohellinc,"This game is obviously influenced by Dark Souls. However while being similar, it is more realistic and slower pased then Dark Souls. Graphics are stunning, soundtrack is great and overall gameplay is smooth and we polished.Great game."
76561197971040150,Recommended,265300,13820162,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Seasick Monkey,"Solid Dark Souls twin brother. Game is fun and fluid, artwork is top notch. Well worth the money. Buy it."
76561197994360800,Recommended,265300,13844026,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,AJ Rockwell,"As a huge fan of Souls series, I've been waiting for some time to get my hands on this game. But due to some negative reviews stating the game's bugginess I have waited for a sale. And so I got this 40% off on Christmas Sale. Straight up I honestly think this game is not worth 50€, so I recommend waiting for a sale if you want to play it.The pros: This game looks like a third-person Diablo (and I love that art style) with somewhat clumsy combat compared to Souls - but that is a fresh addition I welcome. Thanks to that there is some replay value (choose a different offensive, magic, etc.). When you get yourself over the bugs or FPS issues, the gameplay is like a breeze. The more you kill the more XP you get and this has kept me engaged. Finding new, imba weapons and armor that both look gorgeous always makes you happy.The Meh: The boss encounters miss their ""wow"" factor (almost always a huge guy with a huge weapon) and they all can be straight up zerged - the only tactic is wait for them to be dazed after they swing their weapon and strike. The voice acting ranges from average to bad to poor along with lipsync. The story is bland and uninteresting. The crafting system could have used more love and invention. Oh and that backtracking sometimes gets on your nerves if you have poor spatial orientation combned with the maze-like design. NG+ is 0 challenge but at least you get the feeling of revenge on the poor sods that gave you hard times.The cons: The few initial hours of gameplay were ridden with bugs, huge framerate drops (this game is very poorly optimized and I hope a patch will fix that soon) but since setting the details to medium-low with all facy stuff off I got it to run somewhat acceptable on my GTX660.Final words: Enjoy the game for what it is - its combat and you looking badass, hurling enemies around with your huge weapon, and get it on sale for ~16 hours of gameplay."
76561197998859633,Recommended,265300,13849117,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,aramaz,"I finished the game as warrior. The graphics are next-gen (think Unreal Engine 4, altough it is something else).Four things that annoyed me, you can fall and die. To add insult to the injury, the enemies' hits usually throw you in various directions and those directions happen to be in the falling areas sometimes, and you die, and die, and die and die again.And the second thing is the character's hack'n'slash is slower than the player's input, so it won't be a fast one and 80% of the time enemies get to hit you before you even lay a finger on them.Another thing is that enemies usually spawn and respawn if  you enter or leave different areas. Additionally, all the doors are reset and if you happen to have unlocked the door from the other side, you have to do it again next time you visit the same area, once you left it.Lastly, there is no map, nor there is any arrow pointing you to the quests, so you can go around sometimes for an hour to figure which door is the one that leads to the next step."
76561198081103893,Recommended,265300,13851816,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,DoublePlusUngood,"When this game released it crashed a lot apparently.  I'm on AMD with the latest version and it's totally smooth and not a crash yet.  A lot of the bad reviews were for that reason so keep that in mind, a lot of them.This game is fantastic.  I know the whole graphics don't make a game thing but if you love art as I do you'll appreciate this game.  I love to just look around at all the detail everywhere, you armor and weapons, the world, the way when you open a chest the force of the heavy lid will nudge the whole thing a little bit as would really happen.If your coming from Dark Souls you'll appreciate the controls which are copied.  Ain't broke, don't fix.  Now when you try to play it like Dark Souls is where you will get a nasty shock.  I played this for a bit then stopped cuz it was to damn hard.  Then I came back to it fresh and really tried to understand THIS game and I'm now loving it.  It's hard to explain exactly, maybe just that the combat is more realistic in that these huge weapons have massive weight.  But there are lighter weapons as well but you have to play the game in it's own way, once you do that it's a great challenge with lots of fun secrets to find and things to dispatch.  Backstab is once again your friend.  The magic and gauntlet are great fun to use as they add a strategy as well as offense.Lets face it all these games are Dungeons and Dragons come to life and if you like the genre, love exploring decaying old dungeons and fortresses then don't hesitate.I wonder if my 14 years old self was plopped down in front of this game what would happen.  Actually I know what would happen my brain would explode in a rainbow fireworks display."
76561198000740964,Recommended,265300,13801539,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[D.O.C] Ongo777,"Probably one of the best games of 2014. This is a great Dark Soul mimic (Lack of a better term). It is quite simplistic, but not so simplistic that it becomes mundane. Also I really like how the New Game+ forces you to play as  a different class.  9/10 going to New Game+ again!"
,Recommended,265300,13853542,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,AlisterCat,"If you want a more narrative forcused, middling version of the souls games, this fills that spot nicely. It has a lot of interesting ideas and just as many, if not more problems in executing them. It provides a less tight and less satisfying version of the souls combat without being as punishing. Except all the times I died.I experienced 1 crash in 24 hours of gameplay and very few bugs. The developers have done a lot to fix the game, so now might be the time to give this a chance. Just don't expect Dark Souls 3."
76561198010720659,Recommended,265300,13885766,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,plop_plop,"I don't have much to add about the gameplay that hasn't been covered better elsewhere. I was hesitant to buy this even on sale due to the mixed reviews, which seemed to be reporting game-ruining bugs and CTDs. Relented and bought it, and have no regrets - either it runs fine on just my computer, or the bugs have been fixed ,as I am about to complete my first playthrough and have experienced absolutely no CTDs. The only bugged content I have encountered was an issue with one of the rings/trinkets (Greed - would recommend not using this until it is fixed)."
76561198075350684,Recommended,265300,12878620,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Cortés,"European Darksouls with a good story, runs smooth, graphic nice"
,Recommended,265300,12932694,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Wankish,If you enjoyed the Souls series then you will definitely enjoy this. gr8 i r8 8/8.
76561198067842744,Recommended,265300,13221038,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Waymos,"bought it on sell. Well worth the money. So far only 2 crashes today. Yes it plays just like Dark Souls. If you like clones of already awsome games then whats the problem.. I kinda like the game play better than dark souls.. Draw backs, lacks magic spells, multiplayer. A must buy,"
76561197971279402,Recommended,265300,13567959,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Choca,"Really like this game, Its not Dark Souls as most reviews are comparing it to - its more of a Darsiders/Dark souls hybrid. If you like either of the above or any of the other top hack n slash games (DMC, Castlevania etc.) you will like this."
,Recommended,265300,13817923,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,After,"Симулятор убивания Саурона 2014.""Killing the Sauron"" simulator 2014."
76561198044823599,Recommended,265300,13870021,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Executor,"Great graphics and atmosphere. It is easier than dark souls, which I find OK. It also has some things that were missing for me from the DS series. Much better user interface and tutorial. Still got 3 crashes though after 1.4 patch."
76561198118078192,Not Recommended,265300,24564451,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,thomasziesemer,I will try to be short and to the point. If you are looking for a darksouls replacement this is not it. the combat is not intuitive the boss battles have cheep mechanics as often as not. This game often substitutes genuine dificulty with enemy spamming or broken enemy abilities. Also it does not balance how hard an enemy is with the exp they give. I found that farming the begging area I could get exp much faster and with next to no risk to my character.Over all this game is not terrible but it suffers in many areas. One of the biggest is in combat. Rolling has become almost completly inefective in this game but at the same time tanking hits is often not an option either leaving you with shooting things at a range or just grinding until your fingers break.
76561198045102455,Recommended,265300,26344364,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Sziszko,It's a good game with a great combat system and beautiful graphics. If you liked Dark Souls you will also love this one.If your game crashes there is some advice for you.Install the DirectX from the game folder usually ->C:\Program Files\Steam\steamapps\common\Lords Of The Fallen\_CommonRedist\Download and install the Visual C++ from here (i also downloaded the 2013 version) ->https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=48145After theese two steps you need to restart your computer. HaveFun. :)//If it still crash but it should not the developer sugested to turn off the Nvidia turbulance.//
76561198075673900,Recommended,265300,26447576,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Robofrosty The Fun Police,Well made less enraging Dark Souls clone.
76561198006678733,Recommended,265300,21030669,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,RogerSmith,"Diet Dark Souls, Half the Dark Souls Calories, Half the Dark Souls Taste.7/10"
76561198125023640,Recommended,265300,17174851,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Emmanuel,good game its nicely thougthout the only issues i see are all the BUGS and theres tons of them. even now that the game has been out for sometime. can't get to G+++ game wont let me :( i beat final boss and just shoots me to before the figth.
76561198170065239,Recommended,265300,17205609,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,El Macko,"I like playing the game. It is a little bit towards the brief end of the spectrum, without too much replay value, however, that's just my personal opinion, and if you're satisfied with getting 20 or so hours out of it, then I'd reccommend you pick it up."
76561198057160746,Recommended,265300,17152719,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,poublack,"I feel the comparison with dark souls really hurt this game as it is not a bad game.The gameplay is dark souls-like and it is pretty solid, but it does fail in some other aspects.The soundtrack was average for me and the voice acting is sometimes good and most times not so good.Plotwise, not much to see here but a couple interesting audio log.Did experience a couple crashes.Overall, the gameplay alone is enough to make the game enjoyable but i do recommend waiting for a good sale.Yetka/10 would make her cry again."
76561197994853836,Recommended,265300,25442549,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Nasty Wet Smear,"Dark Souls Lite has all the real Dark Souls taste you've come to know and love with only half the Souls for those who are watching their soul intake.You know exactly what you're getting. You're getting a game that saw how popular the Dark Souls style game was and quickly made their own. It's not as good. That's just a fact. If you're looking for more Dark Souls, just play Dark Souls again... But if Dark Souls was just a little too subtle for you and you felt it would have benefited from a more overt plot, you should give it a go.I'll be the first to admit I never finished this game. I enjoy taking my time in games like Dark Souls, but with this I felt like I was losing time, not spending it. If you're a hipster and Dark Souls is just too damned mainstream for you or if you just want to branch out and try something similar but not identical, you'll have a good time... Or in the case of the hipster, you'll do mental knot tying to convince yourself you're having a better time than people playing Dark Souls and be sure to tell everyone about it."
76561197982757866,Recommended,265300,13962752,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,A.H.M,GAME OF THE YEAR 2014but ... need patches
76561198031155757,Recommended,265300,15112861,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Wulf,"The initial release and bugs were horrible, however, this is a decent game, and I enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,265300,15131270,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Icfire,Incompetent programmers are incompetent ... game crashes every 30 mins ... I want my money back.
,Recommended,265300,15056761,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,stopsigns_,"Movement is a bit slow and sloppy, no strafing :(Boss fights, being hit always CC(croud control, prevents you from reacting). Being able to do boss mechanic's is some times impossible.Game play is really slow. Hardest fight was the first add in the game.Fun factor of the game 2/5.Difficulty 2/5Would I recommend this game, yes. It's ok."
,Recommended,265300,29892423,Posted: 12 February,all,Into the FIRE!!!!!!!!!!!,"nowadays everyone is taking too much steroid damn,.,."
76561197974423604,Not Recommended,265300,33744053,Posted: 23 July,all,rickstir09,"Redundant gameplay, and very linear. Looks great, but was not fun to  play."
,Recommended,265300,34424902,Posted: 22 August,all,liamaustin7v,"If you buy this game expecting Dark Souls, you'll be sorely let down. It is an action RPG in 3rd person, that's where most of the similarities end. Yes it feels slower than DS, but it is more than playable by using a lighter weapon and shield (avoid the greatsword and greataxe).The graphics are outstanding, and although the story isn't great, stong gameplay makes it very enjoyable for the most part. Buy on sale, and go in with an open mind."
,Recommended,265300,16893355,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Whitey,"I have changed my mind. The game is interesting actually.But its hard in the beginning.Graphics are great, and the fighting system is interesting and deep."
,Not Recommended,265300,24829590,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,[GZU]Elmur_fud,"The game is virtually unplayable in it's default form on some systems. Not due to system requirements (mine far exceed the recomended to say nothing about minimum) but due to some inherent flaw in the game mechanics. When the first enemy you encounter past the tutorial can 1 hit you, and you have to replay nearly a dozen times till you manage to get good enough to never get hit to get past it only to be once again 1 hitted by the next mob, there is a problem. In a month I have merely managed to get to the tombs past the First Warden and that last bit on my sons PC (which is less powerful) affirming that it is a problem not related to me potentially sucking (which I still might). So I do believe I have given this game a fair shake. Watching youtube videos it is definately a bit more difficult of a game then I expected going into purchasing it. However I can successfully play through similar titles like Dark Souls, so it isn't my skill level. I am not saying it won't be playable for others, but I wouldn't recomend the game based on it's price and the potential for catastrophic problems.Pros: Visually impressive, immersive story (from what I can tell from what little I have played and what I have seen in videos), and deverse detailed enviroment to explore and loot.Cons: It's hard yo. ...also it might be broke for you and that sucks."
76561198162302737,Not Recommended,265300,19678890,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Pierdylion_Snatch,"I supposed to be nice slasher. But, game is slow, dull and borring.Fight is a misery, changing opponents slow and weird.Waisted money, again :("
,Not Recommended,265300,19687927,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,GorlocTheMad,"Beautiful Game, but riddled with inadequacies in game design.   A dark souls wanna be that more closely mimics dark souls 2 than the original.  Enemies are difficult for no other reason then they are tedious to defeat and you'll find yourself wanting to move along through the game and thus make some rushed mistakes that gets you killed.  A flaccid storyline leaves the player unmotivated to uninterested while character interactions feel artificial and surreal when they occur.   The game seemed largely driven by art and animation which, while masterfully done, leaves the rest of the game to suffer."
,Not Recommended,265300,19400062,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Volgan,"6/10 - Graphics are very nice, and artstyle is awesome. However... the actual story is horrible. Its fairly point to point, but the boss fights keep it going from how cool they look. This is a skip for sure, save yourself the cash."
76561198073291643,Not Recommended,265300,19766926,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,XaNiaxa,"This game is like dark souls, minus EVERYTHING that makes dark souls great. They could have atleast tried to make it unique,♥♥♥♥♥♥game, got it refunded."
,Recommended,265300,35210384,Posted: 25 September,all,Ekosha,A problem caused the program to stop working correctly.Windows will close the program and notify you if a solution isavailable.Best crashing simulator ever 10/10
76561198046738196,Recommended,265300,20273692,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Cultist Sex Monkey,A flawed game in many respects Lords of the Fallen still stands firm as a solid title. It may come across as a bad game initially once you understand and can find a play style right for you the game opens up immensely. Definitely worth a play for Dark Souls fans craving something a little extra whilst waiting for Dark Souls 3.
76561198017383247,Not Recommended,265300,35115164,Posted: 21 September,all,fdhupp,Just about learning coreographics. Not for me.
,Not Recommended,265300,35109765,Posted: 21 September,all,Judith Cringeworthy,Crashes alotgameplay is awful
76561198015617921,Not Recommended,265300,35111986,Posted: 21 September,all,The saw,"This game gives your the illusion of diferant play styles , however, you will quikly find out the ony real way to play this game is to be some heavy lumbering tank. You can start out picking a fast rogue like class but MOST of the armour/weapons you find are heavy or great swords/axes. Not only that but this game forces you in to tight hallways constently makeing it impossible to not to get hit becasue of the god awful camera, wich leads back to my first point of being foced to play some slow tank , wich In my opinon is extremely boring.The bosses are not hard they are just damage spunges who have some secret weakness that stuns them to get extra damage, this boils down to trial and error and eventually youtubing it becasue you just want the fight to be over already. These bosses are not fun...at all, there just some annoying road block that keep you from advancing the game and every time i encoundered on i jsut wanted to stop playing.Navigation in this game is terrible, youll be lost most of the time not knowing were your going or if your going the right way and again , youtubing some walk threw to find out were you have to go. During all that wondering around yoll most likly die forcing you to go threw all of it all over again and have all the enemies you killed come back forcingyou to do the same thing over and over....and over again multiple times. The reason i sa you have to kill them over and over is becasue unlike darksouls you can run past them...these enemies will fallow you to the end of the earth forever no matter what you do or were you go leaving you no choice but to fight them all.Speaking of respawning enemies you'll offten go threw a door wondering were it goes only to relise it lead back tot he area you came from or jsut no were. This would all be fine if not for the enemies respawning...again foceing your to fight them....again.the Story, what story? i barley cared becasue of the god awful voice acting and the cheese♥♥♥♥♥♥plot...if your into story or like having a perpose to what your doing in a game , look elsewere.The enemies....you will fight the same ones over and over again the same guys you gight in the begining of the game are the same ones you fight in the end. Generally speaking they are not so bad until you encounter ones with giant shields that will block every thing your throw at them forcing you to wait till they attack. However, They recover so quik that 9/10 you will doge an attack to get behind them only for the to snap around and black your attack , this was playing a light armour glass that was ""fast"". Playing as a heavy class leaves you to jsut bas away at the cheild until the break...and by then you probably ran out of stamina so its pretty much RNG when you get you hit in.The only good thing ill say for this game is it looks good , the lighting and the sound are both wonderful. The armour you get and weapons look awesome as well its jsut a shame that is all hampered by every thing else in the game. im glad i only spent six buck on this game , if not i would for sure be getting a refund. play at the risk of you own sanity."
76561197985339370,Recommended,265300,26370985,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Rancor,"+Great Combat+Enemy AI+Really Cool loot+Nice risk and reward system+Great graphics+Character design+Animation is really good+I think the difficulty is just right for me-Story-Voice acting is poor-Some environments are boring-Crafting is basic-Some boss fights are really tedious. Just take too mutch time to beat some of the bosses. And have really annoying attack pattern-The dialog is just akward (Can be funny, but not intentionally funny)"
76561198156339015,Not Recommended,265300,35141348,Posted: 22 September,all,iyanweb17,If you like fighting with the camera then by this game.
76561198271919339,Recommended,265300,26471972,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,E S C A N O R,nice game wow
,Recommended,265300,14139057,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Drizzle,I put on some heavy armor and i won the game!
,Recommended,265300,26316011,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,fя0zєИ^G,"First thing I noticed were the beautiful graphics and lighting. I like it. Then I felt the slow and clunky movement and combat, which I don't like at all. The lock on is good in this game. It allows you to move around like in Dark Souls 2 and 3, unlike in Dark Souls 1. This is clearly an attempt in making a Dark Souls game for casual gamers. Enemies are easy, but they can be unfair in the way they have stamina at so low levels compared to you.This game is also much shorter than any Souls game, so this game isn't worth the full price. Buy this game only when it's -50% off or more.Conclusion: If you are a casual gamer who just wants to play in a fantasy world with great graphics, this game is for you.If you are a Souls veteran who pwns fgts who level-up dexterity and don't praise the sun, don't buy this or you will be disappointed."
76561198151701608,Not Recommended,265300,31000346,Posted: 7 April,all,LazyBearPaws,"People mention that this game is not Dark Souls and should not be reviewed as if it were a Dark Souls title. That being said, a game creates an experience for the player, and if they made a game influenced by Dark Souls then that relationship will be inherent in the experience because that is how it was designed.The Good: Exploring the level is enticing and bound to create some interesting experiences. The ""bonfire"" mechanic where you can opt out of a character refresh for higher experience points is an interesting take on the checkpoint system for a harcore ARPG.The Okay: The combat is really sluggish and clunky. You need to get used to slower dodge mechanics and a slight input delay if you are coming fresh off of a Souls experience. Once you get used to it, the game is definitely doable and offers a unique challenge. The feeling it provides the player is less of a nimble assassin, or powerful warrior, and more of an old man doing his best not to die. Not bad necessarily, just different.The Bad: Boss Battles and Crashes. The boss battles are very drawn out. This would be fine if there was multiple phases, or that gameplay led to a high paced action battle. As mentioned earlier, the combat is slow. A long slow battle becomes boring. Even when you have been trying over and over again and finally succeed, you don't let out a victory cry, you just feel like you came off a slow day of work and are finally done. This game loves to crash in the second half of boss battles, as if it wasn't tedious enough.This game is a different experience that is not super terrible. They tainted the experience by drawing a lot of influence from Dark Souls and missing the boat on some of the significant elements that created such a strong community. If they modified the bonfire and souls aspects to make it less like dark souls and more like its own game, the experience may have stood out and been judged by its own merit."
,Recommended,265300,21263355,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Makoo,"This is a nice and Dark Souls kinda game, but it's generally their own twist on the formula."
,Recommended,265300,21264291,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,rekall,love this game.
,Recommended,265300,21287581,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Crispywafers,its goood
76561197982089533,Recommended,265300,21357729,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Chaos GMR,"Inspired from the souls series (believe I read that somewhere), fun and worth the sale price at least. Wouldn’t expect a soul’s game as that would be silly not to make your own style of game."
,Recommended,265300,21471387,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Spider,Loved this game! Too bad it had a patchy start.
76561198025288985,Not Recommended,265300,21569150,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Comanche,"After watching a couple of how to defeat boss videos for people like me who just dont have the hand-eye coordination of most gamers, and a 100+ attempts, can't get past the worshiper. Just not fun anymore."
76561197997550464,Recommended,265300,21374598,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,archimedez,"I liked the game a good bit.In its current good state the amount of negative ratings are unjustified.Think of this game as the second best chocolate after the Dark Souls series.Yes, DS is better, but that does not mean this game is bad.One could also see this like an Expansion or Fan Mod of Dark Souls."
76561198046219790,Not Recommended,265300,21159402,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Suvvri,first this game was crashing every time i went to the first loading screen (after creating a new character). Somehow did it after like 5 tries. Now it crashes every 10 minutes of gameplay. It doesnt just crash it crashes my whole PC. I cant even press the reset button it just doesnt work (never seen something like this before)! If not the crashes i would even play the game but not like this... Sorry
76561198058560477,Not Recommended,265300,21163354,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Number 11,This game sucks. Tons of Bugs in this game.
76561197986699040,Not Recommended,265300,21435149,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,K.I.A,Dont buy it!... It is soooo boring ZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzZZzzzzzzzzz...
,Recommended,265300,21225730,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,2Real,This was a lot of fun to play. It's Soul's like but not as challenging which I enjoyed. I could take risks and chances and felt like the reward was worth it unlike at some points of the Soul's games.
76561198078311427,Not Recommended,265300,21264946,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Gigalomaniac_,Кроме графона в игре ни чего нет! Даже со скидкой желею о потраченном времени и деньгах!
,Recommended,265300,21235930,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Revolution,"This is one of the Worst, Best, Horrible, Amazing games, that I have ever played in a while. If you have played this game, then you should understand my reasoning for my choice of words :P. I 100% recommend anyone to play this, but if you can't deal with failing time after time, then this isn't a game for you. Only true gamers can play this and finish it to the end :P. Good luck to all of those who are willing to try :P."
76561198188841234,Recommended,265300,21421047,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Person,"This is probably one of the most overlooked and under-rated games I have come across.  A real hidden gem.  The art makes it look like any other western fantasy game with oversized swords and shoulderpads, but if you look deeper underneath those fur-padded pouldrons you will find a very well put together game.  The game setting is kinda generic, but it is so well executed that when you start playing you wont even care.It is worth mentioning that the bugs that plagued it at launch are gone, so don't wory about that.The graphics are amazing, though I find the post processing a little overdone.  It is easy to turn off though.The level design is fantastic, and is outdone only by the dark souls franchise itself.  The same goes for the combat.The combat is really satisfying, bug free, and very engaging.  Button mashing will not see you through."
,Not Recommended,265300,21442593,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Frederics Cooper,"This game is so boring.The combat system is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because it does feel responsive at all.spent ages to nearly kill one enemy only to see him healing himself to full health - it feels this game delibrately to slow you down as they have nothing else to offer. Totally regret buying this, playing this is a punishment."
76561198029886094,Not Recommended,265300,21492976,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,rourou,"A big no for a total fail to clone darks soul , graphics don't make a good video game ..."
,Not Recommended,265300,21158662,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,QuinnGT,Horrible controls. Hate the fighting style. Enough said.
,Recommended,265300,25041186,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,The Sun Bro,"This game is a hidden gem!The combat is awesome, simple as that. Your character is ""clunky"", a heavyweight, where you can feel when you walk, attack, roll , defend and strike all the weightness of your armor, your character and your weapon.The art of the game is INCREDIBLE. From the music to the armor design, everything is detailed, beatiful and awesome. This game has some incredible art design and should be praised thanks to i.There are some flaws, yes there are, but damn the game is very fun and and I enjoyed a lot my playthrough.I would recommend if you want something fresh from the dark souls formula. Its a soul like bit in a very different way."
,Not Recommended,265300,35464184,Posted: 3 October,all,Illusive,"crash, crash and crashalways get blackscreen after died from fallinggame still work but no display only blackscreen"
,Not Recommended,265300,12689942,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Chris,"Lords of the Fallen is an action rpg that plays very similarly to Dark Souls though it's a considerably better looking and also a lot more forgiving game.The boss battles i fought before the game got unplayable was very predictable and too passive which makes them too easy to defeat but it doesn't mean you can just slash away and hope to defeat them, the bosses still have attack patterns you must learn to defeat them just like Dark Souls and that in itself makes it feel rewarding just not to the extent of Dark Souls.Lords of the Fallen isn't a straight copy of Dark Souls however and tries to have more focus on the story and have more interactions between Harkyn and npc's to mixed results since the dialogues are often uninteresting and awkward much thanks to the less than stellar lip sync and facial/body expressions which could have used a lot more work to be more natural and the story is nothing to write home about either since it's the usual save the world from demons (Rhogar) that have been done so many times before and better, a generic story is not always a bad thing but it needs to stand out imo  because it have been done so many times and this game fails to do it for me personally.I would argue that yes the story in games like this is less important than the gameplay and therefore i could have overlooked it if the rest of the game was well done but more of that later.As for the main character Harkyn, you are an criminal that tries to atone for his past crimes and while there's potential in that i couldn't connect with him as a character because he feels empty and void of personality it's feels like there's nothing that drives him which obviously his strive for atonement and will to save the world does but the game fails to make that connection with the player.Now to the most important aspects of the game, gameplay and perfomance which i expected a lot from but was left disappointed.I really wanted to like this game and that it would be a worthy rival to Dark Souls and for all it's faults i really liked the gameplay WHEN it WORKS then it feels heavy, satisfying and impactful just like it should but every know and then it gets stuck in it's clunkiness and unresponsiveness and forces you to click several times to strike your enemy and dodge an attack which often makes you miss or fail to dodge in time almost like the animation for it is too slow, also the lock on feels very unprecise and could use more tweakes.Now to to the main offender it's performance which is absolutely horrible, very disappointed and the day one patch didn't do anything for me personally, the game feels very sluggish even when the fps is fine and add constant crashes to that which made me give up when i got to  the commander boss, 7 tries and 7 crashes and 5 of those was near the end of the battle, gg CI gg not acceptable at all and Lords of the Fallen is just another in a long list of broken games that's been rushed out lately and my total playtime yet ended with a staggering amount of 40 crashes.For that reason i can't recommend this game for full price and will wait for a bunch of patches, maybe then it will finally reach some of it's potential and be a fun game, there's a lot of potential in this game but the edges feels way too rough right now.Current Score: 4/10- but if they patches the performance and tweak the gameplay a bit to make it smoother and more responsive then i will happily raise the score to a 7/10 a good but flawed game.Last Words: the score may seem low but be aware this is from my experience with the game and might differ from yours but with these many crashes/bugs it feels unplayable atm and thus i can't justify to spend full price on it until it's sorted out."
,Not Recommended,265300,13105225,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,GringoBurrito,"BEFORE 1.4 patch:After several updates, the game still crashes occasionally. Not recommended.---AFTER 1.4 patch:After emails with support, new patch .. still crashes. 50euros, 4 months and numerous crashes while I barely have made to 3rd boss. Certainly NOT recommended."
76561197970384376,Not Recommended,265300,13521339,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Hand_Of_Glory,"Great game if the system requirements (stated below) advised actually sufficed.- My PC exceeds the recommended requirements.Great game if it did not crash intermitently.Great game if if if, yeah so not such a great game since its not playable for most people without investment in a  straitjacket."
76561197971192292,Not Recommended,265300,13330674,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,[RS]Gasoline Dream,"I bought this game charmed by the trailers. When I start playing it was like its fine, graphics are good mechanics do its job. As soon as I made my progress in game I saw a lot of influence of games like DarkSiders, Dark Souls etc but unfortunately with a bad performance. As we progress the plot is simply shallow I seriously hoped for more. The ""Choices"" that you make barely influence the gameplay only cinematics in end game changes. The ending is just a big disapointment cinematics made in the style of Fallout series, there could be much more about it!Boss fights are pattern like all along and boring some casual creatures gave me more trouble than some bosses...The Great plus is hack and slash type of gaming and graphics rest need a serious re-do. The skill tree for each class is to small. 4 main ""spells"" when you play NG+ you have another 4 skills from another class but game just gets boring as I progress (made brawler then assasin). The only thing that is chalenging in this game is try to beat it without checkpoints and thats all. The whole idea of a game is great packed in nice graphics but game needs a lot of development in plot and boss mechanics. If You didn't play darksiders or darksouls this game will look ok but if you want to spend money and you consider games I mentioned above buy one of DS."
,Not Recommended,265300,13139871,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kalakk,"Where do I start ? The graphics engine is very, very poor optimized. And the graphics are like DARKSIDERS (a 2010 game). But Darksiders is a MARVELOUS game and LoF is crap... I refuse to coment on Dark Souls comparations because it´s like comparing water and wine... The sounds are... Where the sounds are ? I really don´t know.... Playability and level design are ok, at least. But the controler response are erratic, the game frames freeze at times (and you die) and, in the end, it´s irritating. The first boss are ridiculous, your weapons are a joke, you move like ""slow motion"" EVEN whithout armor... It´s VERY frustrating to play games like this if you like games like Darksiders or Dark Souls. Do yourself a favor and don´t buy this.- Enemies just teleport to places. They just ""appear"" out of nowhere. Very annoying.- Rolling sucks. A LOT. Many times you will roll in the wrong direction - or will be stuck in a corner or a wall.- Magic bar bug - no fill above 80%.- Save bug - sometimes you will save in a way that you will die in a loop. You will lost ALL your progression.- Enemies STAMINA - I think there´s NO STAMINA to Enemies, because they can beat you, defend, roll, and kill you and they even blink....- STAB Power - You will have to wait A LOT to be capable to use this and... It MISSES half of times. Its ♥♥♥♥ing RIDICULOUS !- Magic bar is very, VERY SLOOOOW.... Gauntlet is useless....- Gameplay - If your build is a TANK with a MASSIVE armor and a very BIG WEAPON, the game is so easy.... other way around, if you like to play a ""agility"" build...you are ♥♥♥♥ed ! There´s no balance. You only have one choice: go Tank, or be a weakling....- ONE hit kill... you WILL be very angry. Believe me !- Very confuse world. There´s no map AND you get lost so easily....- Crashes. A lot...."
,Not Recommended,265300,13234096,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Jowsh,"I bought this game on release day, I paid full price. You may notice I only have 0.1 hours on it, that's because I can't get further than the Nvidia splash screen without it crashing. I've tried EVERYTHING to fix it. I upgraded my ram (I was excited and thought it'd be worth it), I verified the game hundreds of times, re-downloaded it just as many and I've tried launching the game with commands to skip the cutscene or at a lower resolution and much more.Had enough of trying, it's been over a month and it's costed me more than it's worth.Specs:i5-4670k8gb 1833mhx Hyperx RamAsus Matrix Platinum 280xCrucial 250gb SSDGigabyte Z97 DS3HEDIT: I had to re-install Windows 8 so everything was wiped and I installed new drivers, I managed to get to the menu. I will play the game and add onto this review.EDIT: I've played the game for a bit now, if I could I'd bring it up to a neutral review. The inital effort of getting this game to work has turned me off it but the gameplay is quite good!Things to note:- Nice looking game- Combat feels heavy and patience in combat pays off- Quite a lot of items and weapons, there's varity- The magic was fun to use, there's quite a few different types in the game- Bosses seem to take forever to die, requires a patient gamer. Is not the same 'feeling' as a Dark Souls boss! Maybe I'm rubbish though.- May have been inspired by Dark Souls but it really isn't the same, it's different enough to stand on its own- This is definitely a game worth getting in the sales, I would not buy it at full price knowing what I know now."
76561198039820310,Not Recommended,265300,12720402,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,OrcishKiwi,"It appears large parts of asia, russian and eastern europe are experiencing the same problem.""Server is not reachable""Neither Steam nor support@cigames has replied to my bug reports.The unreachable server problem has persisted since launch, and no updates."
,Not Recommended,265300,13456798,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Jadara,"the game seems like it would be great game to play if i could play it, constant crashing is preventing me from getting past the the very beginning of the game, i hope they can fix this issue soon as i would really like to experience what this game has to offer... though it seems the problems vary with people so get it at your own risk but as i see it i cant recommend it at this time."
,Not Recommended,265300,13473927,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BravoMike,Giving myself a thumbs down for paying full price for this broken thing.  Crashed a ton to where I could no longer progress past a certain section.
,Not Recommended,265300,12729008,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Endless_warr,After 4 hours the feeling I get of this game is.A generic Fantasy Action game wearing a Dark Souls Costume for Halloween.I would recommend this game for 7.50.Maybe 8 if you are drunk.
76561198159681826,Not Recommended,265300,13351429,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,johnensomo2099,"Not worth it! Can't progress in the game due to bugs and issues, it keeps booting you out. Camera shaking is too bad  makes you wana puke."
,Not Recommended,265300,13487543,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DOZER,"This game was much more expensive on release. At it's current price I think it is fine.At the price I paid on release, with the state of the game on release, I had massive buyers remorse."
,Not Recommended,265300,13137634,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,fodder,This turd has been polished to a mirror shine.
76561198069158594,Not Recommended,265300,13540826,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ProfessorNoobz,Do not buy this game for PC until the lag and stuttering issues are resolved.
76561197971358132,Not Recommended,265300,22953711,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Demencius,The game has nice graphics and sound and at first glance looks promising.Then you realise it has no personality. The hero is too beefy and the inside areas look preety much the same. Also the camera is terrible  Also the way they have the controls is terrible and you can't change anything... But the worst is the battles.   Battles are terrible and repetitive. Stay away of this game. This comes from someone that had the patience to finish Dark Souls. But this one is somehow so crap it gives you no insentive to play it. So stay clear of it. (You ve been warned)
76561198051262026,Not Recommended,265300,12736002,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Aventador65,"Fix you're Fu@@ing game, i dont want to pay 50$ so i can play it ten to twenty minutes at a time. Pull your heads out of your a$$ and fix this damn game.3/3/15Update, wanted to try playing through again. Figured after all the updates the game would be playable. Well i was wrong im getting worse performance than i was before and after playing for just 15 minutes, wouldnt you know it, it crashed as usual. Just sad casuse this is a really fun game."
76561198043704631,Not Recommended,265300,13352044,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Darby_OGill,"Do not ever buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. I have had it several weeks, and as of yet, have not been able to make it past the title screen. I wish I could tell you what the game is like, and review some of the finer points of the game, but alas, this game is extraordinarily broken. Shame on these devs who think it is alright to release a game that DOES NOT WORK. I honestly would love to play it, but I guess that's not in the future for me. Steer clear of this colossal failure and save yourself some money."
76561197970438017,Not Recommended,265300,12765683,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Syntax,"Terrible performance, lackluster storytelling and constant crashes.Once properly patched this game could be a solid budget title but it is certainly not worth the full price"
76561197983719424,Recommended,265300,13503085,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Whiskas,"Simply Amazing! Graphically, gameplay, engagement. Really pulls you in and is addictive. Lots of people been talking about bugs but I think they've been patched since. I've had no problems."
,Not Recommended,265300,13487863,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,willpowerone,will not launch!
,Not Recommended,265300,13489056,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Gutter40c,"Bought this wouldn't load, best plays on alainware screen crashes every time. Its funny becuase i play on alienware."
,Not Recommended,265300,13587151,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Villadelfia,"It's a pretty nice game, when it works.Unfortunately, it does not. First it crashed on startup, making my whole system unresponsive. This was fixed by updating my GPU drivers, which is fair enough.However, after that it has decided that it wants to crash every 15-20 minutes, and not just crash, because that would be too convenient. No, it FREEZES my entire system. The sound keeps going, including other programs, but I'm forced to hard reboot my pc."
,Not Recommended,265300,12743403,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,bleekselderij,"The game is unplayable - FPS drops to less than 1fps, settings are not saved (so I can't lower GFX details); when editted in *.ini files I was able to lower some settings but it still freezes and framedrops to the point where it's impossible to play, let alone enjoy. It's a shame the game has been released in this state. You're better off just making a new character in 'the other game'..."
76561197987013574,Not Recommended,265300,13531886,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mojo T. Humper,Had a Crash about an hour in and lost twenty minutes. Was otherwise running well was able to stay above 100fps if i wanted and the game itself was very fun just stressful to play having to worry about loosing progress.
76561198028643470,Not Recommended,265300,19664061,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,kingwilliam42,"This game on the surface looks beautiful, but unfortunitly it has at least three major flaws (besides the known technical issues) that really take the fun out of the game.1) The big issue for me was the combat. In Lords of the Fallen, all, and I do mean ALL of the combat is based off of timing. This means that combat moves pretty slow and feels clunky and one tries to position the enemy into just the right spot and then waits to swing the weapon. Weapons are fairly heavy in this game and so they take a good amount of time to swing, which means one has to mentaly calculate how long it is going to take you to swing your weapon, how long your enemy is going to take to swing his, and then determine the window of oppertunity. This leads to an awkward period in which on is trying to judge all of these things...in really slow time since the weapons are heavy. I know other games do similar things to this, but once agian the apparent weight of the weapons makes this feel like it is going on forever.2) The second big issue for me was the weapon leveling system (and really the whole leveling system in general). The only way to improve a weapon in this game is to add a ruin to it, and hope that the weapon you want to add the ruin to is one that you can add a ruin to. See why this is annoying yet? What makes it worse is that the ruins only add special effects, and don't really do much to the damamge base damage of the weapon. My problem with this, other than it being anoying, is that it doesn't really allow you any good or even decent way to grind, work, or attempt to make personal approvements to gear up for a boss or tough enemy. The leveling system doesn't help either as the complex load out and multitude of essentialy useless options means there are plenty of places to put skill points but very few that seem to help.3) The story. Its just bland and at times can be a bit hard to follow. I know I didn't get terrebly far into the game, but after three bosses, you would think one would at least have a vegue idea as to why one is trying to fight these bosses. Or at least why one fought the bosses I did fight. I watched the cut scenes and all I know is that nobody likes monks and demons are bad. The story just bores me.Despite the beauty and great graphics of this game I just can't recomend it. I should also not that I never experianced any of the technical issues many other users have, but I'm using an MSI GT72 Dominator Pro so...that may be something to think about. Anyway, I just don't think its worth the hassle."
76561198067749914,Not Recommended,265300,13584689,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ApocaLypsE,Bought this game at launch and that was a huge mistake. This game was rushed and it had a lot of bugs. Not to mention the game crashed about 10 times during the first few hours of playing causing me to lose a lot of progress. To be honest if you want to buy this game because you heard it's like dark souls don't buy it. The only way I could recommend this game to anyone is if it's on sale for like $5. This was one of the worst experiences I've had with a game.
76561198005919137,Not Recommended,265300,19210554,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Provoker,"Some dark forces invade, again. Some guy is released from prison to fight the aforementioned dark forces, again. We don't know what exactly is happening, again. We have to fight an kill every one, again. We die, the sector is repopulated and we try to kill everyone, again. You probably see where I'm getting at, the game is a pretty and somewhat polished collection of clichés  with an emphasis on 1 on 1 (maximum 1 on 3) sword/axe/hammer/etc fight and some magic.The game is similar to the Dark Souls series, with an emphasis on combat and loss of experience in case if you die (no quick saves here). It is a nice action RPG based in a citadel and *drum roll* dimension of the evil invaders. The game will also take some time to get used to controls and some glitches.Pros:•	Sometimes interesting battles•	Reflexes are important•	Audio/video quality of the game is 9/9•	some battle realismCons:•	somewhat glitchy controls and camera•	no map (yep, you have to memorise the locations)•	battles become systematic once you learn the enemy types•	boss fight are often frustrating because of controls, and become easy once you figure out bosses' fight patternAll in all this is a solid mid-tier action RPG, it is not worth the full price, so I can only recommend it for $20-25 if you have 12-20 hours to kill.One Grumpy Russian score: 6 out of 10 - not as tempting as vodka, but an a nice alternative when you have none and have no mood for Dark Souls.For more reviews join:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/ogrreview/"
76561198066358555,Not Recommended,265300,21386595,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Major Eazy,i have completed lords of the fallen here is my quick review .This is not a darksouls killer far from it the bosses are too easy apart from the final witch is so broken its laughable here are the pros and consPros1. combat is nice but a bit clunky2. did not buy it at full price3. story is okcons1. i hated every character including the main one2.bosses are toos easy also no secret way to defeat them3. most mobs are harder than the bosses4. the last 2 boss fights are broken the 2 brothers will make you use up all of your fire restance potions (witch are a must for the final boss )5.broken final boss nearly unkillable if you play anything other than a warrior6. the game puninsh you for playing a assassin type characterIn short if i paided full price for this game i would of felt robbed
,Not Recommended,265300,13535076,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,lanrutcon,"Lots of technical issues for a game that doesn't have the visuals to back them up. Inferior to Dark Souls 2 in terms of content, length and replayibility."
76561198091869683,Not Recommended,265300,13313129,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,jecomans,"Don't buy this game yet. Keep it on your wishlist.Check back to see whether patch 1.4 fixes the game.It works now for some, for others like me (I play with ani5 3570k, GTX770, there are no issues with it) itis either completely or practically unplayable.I will change this warning to a positive reccomendationat such time as the game functions for me."
76561197995599234,Not Recommended,265300,17241961,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Leper,"Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy it! even with top rigs there is a serious game breaking problems.1st run throuhg, i pushed through the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ screen tearing and poor fps drops, just to come up to a bug quest halfway through the game that made it so i couldnt continue in the game. so ♥♥♥♥en irritating, it was never fixed.i tried to play again but the game still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ maybe even worse then previously, this just shows me that these Devs can not manage a game. it launched broken, it was never fixed and it may even be running worse then it did at launch.ill tell you one thing, i will never buy a game from this company again."
76561198124335270,Not Recommended,265300,13449827,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,neodraco017,"A poor attempt at emulating dark souls 2, gameplay is flat, graphics are mediocre, save your money."
76561197970924700,Not Recommended,265300,12730092,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Ferrous,Never again.
,Recommended,265300,12756802,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Katalist X,"If you are a fan of dark/demons souls then you might enjoy this game. Visually appealing with a gothic theme. The combat is slower than that of the Souls series', however, it is enjoyable. In some aspects the atmosphere is better than in the souls games. The armor and weapon design is artistic, definetely not bland or simple for most. The sound design and voice acting is quite good and plays a very large part in setting the tone of the game and it's environments. The spells are interesting, but lacking. When you pick a spell class (ie mage rogue or warrior) you are stuck with those spells and cannot get the others, I could be mistaken, but I havent been able to do this. The upgrade system through the use of runes is pretty basic. No fast travel capabilities despite having many instances in the game where you are tasked to backtrack a long distance to a previous area.Overall this game is pretty good and is worth a buy in my opinion."
76561198032211007,Recommended,265300,12674335,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Jeice,"Alot of the combat in this game is waiting, as nearly everything has a sheild that you cant break past. The first 2 bosses are examples of long fights that are only long because of their sheilds; and this can create the illusion of difficulty but its just waiting. Where as Darksouls always have a way for speeding this process up, with increased understanding of boss mechanics. But in this game it is alot of attack baiting (And not the fun kind, Prepare for epic side stepping action!)As the games combat is similar to Darksouls, people will create comparisons between the two. But for darksouls fans I dont think you will like this game, not that it is trying to BE Darksouls and I am not criticising the game for that. But alot of this game seems very sloppy (As an example there is no camera reset button, meaning you always trying to center your character in the screen after walking around corners. Which gets very annoying.) As a recommendation I would wait for a steam sale before picking this game up. Not a bad game just not worth the current asking price.6/10."
76561198050074629,Not Recommended,265300,22792386,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,scott,"Wonderful, awesome graphics-Pathetic, Impossible combat.DO NOT BUY"
,Recommended,265300,13093103,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Arnn The Frost Demon,"I really loved the Souls series and challenging games. THIS game is also challenging and fun, in short, its the first Souls game that doesn't hate you xDThe game is amazing and the graphics are great.The story telling ... well THERE IS story telling unlike the souls series this time.Combat is very similar to Dark Souls but differs in the speed of the moveset attacks, you will get used to it in time.as for the performance, Never had the fps below 30 fps with the highest settings.i totally recommend this game for those who love the Souls series and are looking for something to beat up.My Spec is:Graphics card: GTX 670 OCRAMS: 16GBCPU: I7 3770 3.40 GHz"
,Not Recommended,265300,13578063,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Zarthus,"Quite average with quite a few quirks already (and I am not much more than an hour in). If you were planning to buy this, I do recommend it, but not for the current price. It may be more worthwhile for about €15.00.I'm recommending it as a ""no"", not because I think it's worthy of a no, but because it is not worthy of a yes. This game does a lot of things wrong in my eyes, and is not all that interesting. I find the story and controls difficult to grasp. and the tutorials are awfully average. The enemy positioning and aggro ranges are odd and the ""stealth"" system is silly. The game doesn't hold you by the hand, and as result ends up explaining a lot of elements very, very poorly.But in the end I am still not having a bad time - just not a great one either. There are a few comical elements to this game and it doesn't feel particularily bad to walk around in cool armour. But that seems to be the key selling point of the game - that everything looks cool.I can't add much to the story yet, but it doesn't seem all that impressive either.With the footage that I have seen, the playtime that I've put into this game, and the research I have done, I am fairly confident in my judgment that this game (for now) is better left in the shelves until it gets seriously cheaper.In the end, you may have more fun watching someone else play through this than play through it yourself. I definitely recommend you do research when you are considering buying this game, and if you do, buy it on a discount."
,Not Recommended,265300,15046109,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,〜re_exist☆,"The Souls series has nothing on this game. Took me about 5 hours to complete the first boss (although, I must say that the developers could have made it more visually pleasing than completely blue with a sad face). The next level is completely black, and without audio. I spent a few hours trying to run around in the Dark but eventually had to alt+f4 out. Hopefully there will be a big nerf coming soon, so us casuals can enjoy the game too."
76561198138989300,Not Recommended,265300,21952674,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,nantego,I Purchased the game of the year edition and the text doesnt even work. All the text is little squares. I have no idea what the hell im selecting in the beginning. Buyer beware. THIS IS♥♥♥♥♥♥ i want a damn refund.
76561198022948050,Recommended,265300,31567327,Posted: 5 May,all,Exhausted_Blade,"I prefer this over dark souls honnestly, go ahead and hate, its a free country"
,Recommended,265300,23758050,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,iLynux,"I've only played less than an hour, but so far I really like it. I think most of the negative reviews are criticizing this for not living up to the Dark Souls series of games, but if you don't give a s*** about Dank Souls, then give this game a try. It's only like $9 right now.F*** D*ck Souls."
,Not Recommended,265300,23415729,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,DEATH,"After completeing the game in only 15 hours, it appears obvious just how much of a rush job this game really was. Poor quality through out the entire game. Lack of enemy variety, clunky combat system and awful sound effects make this game a real bore to play. I pretty much forced myself to playthrough this just to see where it would lead.I have nothing positive to say about this game, it has no redeeming values. Even if you buy this for $5 you aren't going to have a good time. Not even an okay time. This isn't just mediocre, it's poorly executed and riddled with bad design.I can't say I experienced any moment of fun. Everything this game tries to do, other games have done better. You might think ""well it looks pretty good at least"" it really doesn't. To get this game to run at around 45 fps i had to turn off EVERY graphical option and set textures to Medium at 720p. It runs horribly on a brand new gaming PC that runs other current gen games at 60+ fps on 1080p. So needless to say, it looked pretty bad for me.Sound effects are terrible as well. There's about 3 weapon sounds in the game and you will hear them a million times. They don't sound powerful or realistic at all. Many missing sounds for a lot of enemies and environmental things. Cutscenes often feel like they are lacking sounds or the sounds are too quiet or just don't match what you are seeing.I turned the music off because I thought it was pretty awful too. Some of the boss music sounds like a parody of symphonic music and doesn't feel intense at all. The tracks that aren't completely awful are generic at best.It's not a very difficult game either and that's coming from someone who created the worst build possible. I put all my points into HP, MP, stamina and equip load. (I did this because I was under the impression that there would be plenty of faith-scaling weapons since i had one very early in the game) This meant that I couldn't use 90% of the weapons and shields. While I had good defense, probably too much considering I barely took damage in the later half of the game, I couldn't use any weapons or block effectively. I two-handed a weak staff for the first half of the game which took forever to kill anything. Than I finally got a good faith-scaling weapon, grinded super easily and eventually found a super low strength requiring sword that dealt way more damage than the 3 faith weapons i found in the entire game. So i used that for the end game areas.With that, you can get an idea of how poorly balanced the game is. Later weapons in the game completely replace early game weapons as the scaling is completely useless for most weapons. There is no upgrade system either, just a rune slot system for weapons, shields and armor and only the higher strength and agility weapons have slots so none of the weapons i used through out my playthrough had any slots. a completely useless system that i never even got to experience outside of giving my armor extra defense.Bosses are so bad in both design and gameplay. Some are completely broken such as getting stuck in walls or in one case I had a boss completely stand still the whole time as I slowly chipped away at his massive health pool. Most of the bosses have a ton of health so it can take ages to kill them but luckily they are very slow and predictable doing the same moves over and over again. Rolling is mostly useless in this game so you can't roll through most boss attacks so it's a waiting game, you just have to wait for that split second after they perform a combo to get a hit or two in, back away and repeat. This ""technique"" will work on every boss in the game even though it is extremely tedious and with the final boss, there's barely any oppertunities to safely get a hit in. Most of the bosses will ALWAYS knock you down when they hit you, even with heavy armor and really high poise. Ground pounds are very common and will knock you down from a good 15 feet away from the boss.Another example of poor quality is the overabundance of glitches and bugs. It almost seems like nothing really works as fully intended. Hitboxes can be really messed up, getting hit from attacks that don't make physical contact with you or in some luckier cases, boss attacks going right through you but you recieve no damage. If you are casting a spell (which you only get 4 in the whole game) and you get hit towards the end of the long animation, you will recieve the effect of the spell but lose no MP. This made healing during boss fights really easy so I didn't have to rely on potions too much. Slidy collision detection makes walking on stairs really weird. The lock on system is bogus, barely functional. You have about a 10% chance of being able to change target when locked on. Sometimes the camera won't even face the enemy you are locked on to but you still walk toward the enemy, this killed me in quite a few areas involving pitfalls.Level design. It's there and it involves lots of switches, back tracking and locked doors. Early areas aren't so bad, they seem pretty average at first but then you get to the middle of the game and it just gets worse from there. Narrow cooridors, enemy ambushes, floating blocks and jumping across gaps as well as pitfalls galore. Many times I had to look up a guide to find out where to go because progressing through the later game is so convoluted. You need to pull several levers to open one door sometimes, or to move some blocks around to progress. This isn't exactly obvious when you will see a switch next to a gate and expect that switch to do something. You pull the lever, nothing happens. What?!Despite all these problems, I still didn't die too much. Most of the time it felt pretty cheap when I did die. Enemies like the mages can drain your HP really quickly, shoot really fast magic that deals huge damage and knocks you down, cast a buff that drains your stamina and every time you hit them, it deals equal damage to you, these guys can end you very quickly. There are checkpoint crystals in rooms with 3 enemies sometimes so as soon as you die and respawn you are getting attacked. Getting cornered by 2 enemies with greatshields and repeatedly attacks results in no posibilities of survival. Speaking of greatshields, you can't kick through them, attack through them or do ANYTHING to counter them. If you do stagger them, you won't even have enough time to get a SINGLE hit in with how slow these weapons are. Only way I could kill them is with magic which seem to go right through their shields making them easy. Otherwise you would be screwed.The story, ha. It's run of the mill and has poor voice acting and writing. Some of the worst stuff I've seen. Awkward animations that keep repeating when npc's are talking combined with non-existent personalities makes none of the characters appealing or relatable. Even after seeing the ending of this game, I didn't have a clue what I had really done in the game plotwise. I don't even know who the final boss was, just kinda there. I assume it was a certain character but it's never explained why there's a big demon beastie as the final boss. Also plotholes as you can expect. How do the [end game enemies] know I supposedly betrayed them? Nothing here really makes much sense and the world is so generic and boring you won't really care.I think that just about covers everything. The TL;DR version is: don't buy the game. It's garbage. No, really. Don't even think about it. I don't care if it's on sale, it's bad. Really bad, probably much worse than you can imagine. You like Dark Souls? That's cool and all but this is nothing like it. Not even a low budget version of it, it's more like if you had taken Dark Souls and shattered it on the ground and tried to reassemble it but you have several large chunks missing and it just looks hideous. That's Lords of the Fallen."
76561198012366894,Recommended,265300,13487710,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SASQUE CS.MONEY,"ESSE JOGO É ANIMAL, VALE CADA CENTAVO"
,Not Recommended,265300,24264594,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,R4geQuitter,15 minutes into game and i have motion sickness. Terrible camera controls.
76561198041169990,Not Recommended,265300,12942501,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,kameisler,"It`s like Dark souls Butt.After reading a couple of reviews of this in the steam comments and on the interwebz a singular frase seemed to pop out in every discussion about Lords Of The Fallen.It`s like Dark souls but..........So far i am not impressed with this game.So it tought i would recap som things using the new It`s like Dark souls but meme:Fighting mechanics is like dark souls but worse. Slower reaction from input, less advanced moveset etc.Enemy AI and moveset is like dark souls but, more predictable and less varied.Difficulty is like dark souls but not because its hard to master but because bosses have high HP and do a lot of damage. Thank god the AI is a predictable retard.Controls are like Dark souls but, no they are actually almost identical(360 gamepad).Atmosfere is like dark souls but it`s not, it`s just not really there at all.Story is like Dark souls but, its a lot of the same only with constant narration.Game mechanics and number of bugs in general is like Dark souls except its worse and has more bugs.Overall this game IS a lot like Dark Soul, but it isn`t a new better more advanced version of dark souls.It actually playes worse than Demon soul`s  and that`s 5 years old now,In summary i would like to quote something i read in another online review.""Its like Darks Souls, but it is its own game""This pretty much sums up my opinion of this game, It is its own game, but it is by far a worse game than any of the dark Souls series.So if you are a fan of Dark souls like me you probably won`t like this game, however if you have never played dark souls and or did not like it. This game might be more to your taste.Not worth full prise tough so try and get it on sale."
76561198046932001,Not Recommended,265300,12917465,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Hades_Tourist,"Don't bother buy this game at the moment. Game is basically in an alpha state package and sold.I won't be buying from this company again, no one that sells a product in this condition deserves my money."
,Not Recommended,265300,13115866,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,littlerubbish,So hard to contol!!! The Most Stupid game ever!!!!!
76561198068308224,Not Recommended,265300,13576787,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Vietnam Veterinarian,I cant even get past the intro b4 it crashes! It's been 2 weeks!
,Not Recommended,265300,13351042,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Liquid Archon,"The game itself is awesome, period. The combat is great and it has amazing graphics to compliment. BUT... It's so broken! It crashes all the time and it ruins the whole experiance! PLEASE FIX!"
76561197991864153,Not Recommended,265300,13381225,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,The Real CHIM Shady,Buggy and unstable as ♥♥♥♥. STAY AWAY!
,Recommended,265300,13692449,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Vermilion Wlad,"Now that my perfomance issue have been patched oput i can finally recommend this game.It's a nice twist on the popular Souls sub-genre that's all the craze right now and is it punishing but fair.Unlike Dark Souls 2, LoTF features a much more responsive combat that expand on the Dark Souls foundation and combined with an impressive moveset of hand-crafted weapon (which there are a lot) and a variety of weapons creates lots of tension and fun to the swordplay.The game is beautiful and detailed, you can see that it's mainly a PC release, loading times are short and particle effects are damn impressive.It is not awfully long, but if you want to do sidequests and clear out the treasures it can easily stretch a lot, not to mention all the fun challenges and New Game+ modes.There's also seems to be a number of endings and the amount of secret sutff is refreshing. Weapons are damn sweet, and i must point out my favourite ""Stain"", you'll see why it's called like that after you equip it!All and all it's a fun and beautiful game, i recommend it, maybe even buy it off-sale if you think it's up your alley.The perfomance patches and new drivers fixed most of the problems people experienced, so it should be safe to play."
76561198318571230,Not Recommended,265300,25645521,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,BEN,"The game intro sold meSave game and checkpoints method Feels unfairSideeffects: lose interest quicklyThinking back: If game cost 20%-35% I would not regret buying itGraphics and storyline 95%player keys                   60%Save game                    20%Steven ,H"
,Not Recommended,265300,12970608,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mowsamancer,"A poorly executed Dark Souls with prettier visuals but worse mechanics. In comparison to Dark Souls, enemy poise is nigh-unbreakable (whereas your own is laughable,) and dodge-rolling is iffy at best. Enemies have learnable movesets, yet playing without a shield is asking to be punished even if your dodge is flawless. Some attacks hit after their animation has finished and heavier weapons are near-impossible to punish enemy attacks with due to their incredibly slow animation speed.Take this as you will, my playtime may reflect my experience (or lack thereof) but I believe another source of my negativity is the fact I came from Dark Souls."
,Not Recommended,265300,22479273,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Bloughsburgh,"Always disliked blatantly comparing with another game but Lord of the Fallen shows no restraint in trying to say:""Hey! I can be like Dark Souls! Look how much recoil is in our melee strikes and position of enemies give an unfair advantage!""I can overlook that because if the game is enjoyable then great. What I can't overlook is poorly optimized engines that struggle to stay above 60 when there is no reason why it should break a sweat. The deliberate clunkiness of your character is almost to the point of insulting. When I swung my weapon for the first time I almost laughed that this hulking guy takes almost 3 full seconds to attack, You know...attack, that thing that is expected of you to do THE ENTIRE TIME. Mind you this was a one-handed mace...not a 2 handed hammer with an anvil attached.Story...I don't know I had no interest as the characters are plain and boring. There are audio logs to find but it just gets in the way with the game's only reprieve...being exploration. That's probably the reason I kept with the game for as long as I did. It is rewarding to search through sections and revisit areas for newly opened paths. This almost always leads to new items and what player doesn't like new stuff?The visuals are nice, I'll give it that...using some stupid Nvidia exclusive software crap that makes windy wind look more windy or something.I dislike to bandwagon but yeah...this game is desperately trying to use the Dark Souls formula to net sales. It had potential but falls flat on it's slowly moving clunky♥♥♥♥♥♥Can't recommend."
76561198039895739,Not Recommended,265300,13503012,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,XenonLX,"Game is interesting in its concept and combat system is dynamic and challenging but still i cant load my save or start a new game after first time it leaked memory and crashed to desktop...I strictly don't recommend you buying this game in its current statebecause it will only cause lots of frustration and disappointment...Update: I actually figured out how to launch it properly and played it for a while (PhysX to CPU only mode through NVIDIA control panel and reverted to older drivers plus deleted all the user data related to the game from My Documents folder), as i already said before the game is pretty nice in its combat mechanics and the world is alot better then in Dark Souls and more casual and tolerant to players, and in all the ways i liked it more then DS. But after all i can't say that i'd recommend this game for guys who dont like to spend alot of time searching forums to fix the problems which they may encounter while trying to play the game.I'll keep this post updated with the new patches and updates released by game developers..."
,Not Recommended,265300,17388101,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Pirate GDBLiam,wish i could do a review right but cant get the game to work
,Not Recommended,265300,13129748,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,BadRequest,"This game came out a month ago today and is still riddled with technical issues which will damn near freeze your computer when it crashes.Cons: Crashes constantly, hard to even recover windows after.  Cinematic sequences for some reason want to be shown in 3D even if you dont have a 3D setup or the option enabled as well.  This will give you a headache!  Without all of the technical issues I would still not rate the game terribly high,  the boss fights are pretty cut and dry, the customiziability of your character is pretty limited, the environment is linear, and the game is short.Pros:  The graphics are what you would expect of a next gen console game.  I  expect more out of a high end PC game though.  This game has replayability with the new game+ mode that some games offer, which I like!"
,Not Recommended,265300,13627283,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,"Tirigon, the darkest soul","I'd really like to recommend this game, but I cant.I'll explain why below, but first, the good things about this game:The good- The graphics are INCREDIBLE. I'm not even kidding, I dont have a game that looks this good in my Steam library, and it still ran well at maximum settings for me. If good graphics are important to you, you can probably stop reading here and buy LoTF, it looks that good.- interesting world with lots of lore: At first, I didnt quite get into it, but the entire world is really interesting, and I really wish there will be another game in this setting. It's awesome.- the Combat system: It's quite similar to Dark Souls, which is of course a synonym for ""awesome"" in this context, but the animations loook much better. Unlike in Dark Souls, heavy armor is actually useful, so big plus on that. I dare say, if not for the flaws I list below, the combat could be better than DS even.- lots to explore: There's quite a lot of stuff to explore, even though the gameworld isn't that big.Sounds awesome? YEA! This game had huuuge potential to be my personal game of the year. Sadly, it was a big disappointment though:The Bad- balance is really, really f*cked up: The very same kind of enemy that is almost boringly easy might oneshot you in the next area. And there is no indication you're in a challenge area or anything, it seems just random.- boss and some enemy design is abysmal: Where Dark Souls nailed the principle of ""hard, but fair"" perfectly, LoTF instead creates difficulty by unfairness. There is lots of attacks that are seemingly undodgeable, some bosses are almost a DPS race, enemy recovery frames are incredibly fast while your own are slow as hell.... For one type of shielded enemy I actually found the most efficient strategy to wear the heaviest armor and just bash away hoping they'll die quicker than I - this isn't how a fighting game should be like!- slow-mo combat: The PC is incredibly slow - quickrolling is similar to Dark Soul's Fatrolling! This wouldn't be too bad if the enemy were similarly slow, but they arent - see the ""unfair"" comment above.- great lack of enemy variety: There's only like 4 or 5 enemies that are REALLY different from each other, mostly it's the same thing with more HP and a different look throughout the game. This is disappointing, because what little enemies there are are really well designed.- too short: I beat the game in 17 hours. For Scale: The first Dark Souls took me 50 on the first playthrough....- lack of map: I mentioned exploration and how beautiful the game is above, but some maps are so confusing that travellig through them without a map or anything is a chore rather than fun.Summary and TL;DRThis game had so much potential - it could easily have been one of the best games ever, and for that reason I really hope there will be a sequel someday.Sadly, though, it fails in the details and in the end, I found the game frustrating and unfair rather than challenging and fun.You might still want to pick it up on a sale, but I really cant fully recommend this game. Sadly."
76561198048298396,Not Recommended,265300,33664624,Posted: 19 July,all,Devlos,"Clunky, non-responsive combat, useless spells with ridiculously long cooldowns, overpowered enemies, and attribute points that feel like they do nothing to improve your character.  It's like they took the worst parts of Dark Souls 1, amplified them, and put a nice pretty face on it all."
76561198069101833,Recommended,265300,12757296,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,leo1995,i love the game so far. not as hard as dark souls but still lots of fun. but it has a problem with crashing at random times.
76561198021162063,Recommended,265300,12763188,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Jarnbjorn,"Much like Dark Souls, with some minor tweaks to the progression system. IF you like Demon souls and Dark souls games' you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,265300,12677997,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Beffy Man,
76561198012531965,Not Recommended,265300,13479508,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,GHOST,"Im starting to like this game, but the random crashes ruins everything. i got high hopes for this title but it falls down horribly!!!"
76561198057084918,Not Recommended,265300,13594397,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Saladin,"Totally not worth my money...crashed right after i installed it...and crashed again after 5 minutes  ...combat seems too slow  ..graphics are good..i dont know about story , becasue i couldnt play it with that crashes long enough..."
,Not Recommended,265300,13598078,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Cole Mooneyes,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!This game is horribly unbalanced and unfair the enemies will kill you nearly instantly with anything but heavy armor, as far as I've gotten there is no love for the light builds I've gotten 1 set of light armor and 3 agility weapons I have 6 total sets of medium and heavy armor and more that 10 heavy weapons and a great shield the backstap system is totally broken to the point of not working and the parry system is hit parry and pray you timed it right because the animations simply do not work thia game is a horrible mockery of the Souls series and should no longer be sold it really feels like this game was made by someone who hates Dex builds in Dark Souls and trying to play anything but a tank build in this game is unfairly difficult. (They compared it to souls so I'll compare it to souls this game has failed to even come close to the souls games and I honestly wish I would have saved my money.)"
,Not Recommended,265300,14714034,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Lappari,Best crash simulator i have ever seen.
,Not Recommended,265300,14978297,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Lupus64,It's a Dark Souls-alike that looks gorgeous and controls well.The weapons look cool and are fun to use but have terrible scaleabilityThe magic system is awful.I stopped playing this game for a few days and felt no compulsion to go back.2/5 would not shrug again.
,Not Recommended,265300,12862120,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Brennan,"Games broken, do not buy this until its fixed!"
,Not Recommended,265300,13451693,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,foreveriwrite,Dont buy. the game does not start
,Recommended,265300,12706554,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Da,Amazing
76561198024599399,Recommended,265300,19648801,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Baron,"Its a good game, but the difficulty is extremely high for really no reason. It feels like you are in an mmo raid instance and keep wiping on trash mobs over and over. Like no matter how much gear you get, you're constantly way undergeared for the place you are in, and it would be nice to have an option tone that down slightly. Most opponenets have a distinct weakness that you have to find on your own, and until you do you'll probably die several times. Quest objectives are very vague.All that said, the combat is good and I like the idea of fighting only one or two enemies at a time, instead of a swarm. It gives combat a layer of depth and skill and timing that other games can't have. I'd like to see this concept implemented in other games now that engines support complex blocking mechanics.3.5/5"
,Not Recommended,265300,23154974,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Marin Shatterhand,The game's combat is fairly slow and clunky so you have to be more patient. Plus the game is horribly optomized. Only get this if you have a good computer(even then you will need to make some settings changes and still not get a full 60fps) and if its on super sale.
76561198004744150,Not Recommended,265300,13109818,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Red Aria,"Dont. Just.... dont.Whoever designed the combat needs to be shot, repeatedly to be sure.Unless you like bosses who use pure RNG abilities, or enemies whos hitboxes move slightly as you dodge to make sure they still hit you even though you are way out of their range, then stay away.Go play dark souls or something. At least that game is fair."
76561198088305614,Recommended,265300,19512085,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Spurcissimus Senex,"This game is to Dark Souls what League of Legends is to DOTA2.The world is less engaging, the story less complex, and it is shorter to boot. Don't get me wrong. It's not a bad game. Just not worth the full price. While it wasn't an overwhelming experience, I do see myself doing another playthrough. I see it as a nice weekend passtime."
,Recommended,265300,19386268,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,|El' Peintnó™,
76561198142826874,Not Recommended,265300,22296086,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,DNS,"I bought this game hoping for something to do before dark souls 3 released. I walked away from this game after only and hour becuase I could not believe how unbelievably bad it was. Sloppy controls mixed with frustrating button layouts. the first two bosses were (if you can even call them that) stupidly easy, and then a bit later on I happen across a spider that kills me in two hits from across the room, through my shield. That was so jarring and I felt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and annoyed. I tried to fight this spider a few more times and just couldnt kill it and I figured I wasnt supposed to be there. So I moved on from that disaster onto the next area were I find this giant knight with a tower shield who I spend a solid 2 minutes trying to circle around to get an opening and I couldnt, the area was to narrow or he was to ....fast....a tower shield heavy armor wielding knight was to fast to get behind. I decide since I am also a tank class I will try to trade blows, this gets me one shotted. This is a problem, one minute I am recking everything and the next I get one shot. There doesnt seem to be much of a difficulty curve because at least in the first 2 hours was everywere. This game is seriously boring with bad design choices, horrible enemy placement and lackluster animations. I hear it has nice graphics but it has O.K graphics even on ultra. The frames for it being ultra are lower then it should be signaling bad optimization but Im not an expert on that so I wont go further with that complaint. Over all I cant recommend this game to a real souls fan. Its been described as chunky souls but its more then that, its soulless souls too. Get it to try for yourself if you have to get it out of your system but otherwise just wait for DS3. Watch a Lets Play :P I here dsp is halariously fun to watch due to his horrible gameplay. So go watch that instead."
76561198050369105,Not Recommended,265300,22729267,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Zathrossx,A poor game gave me motion sickness and controls seem to be behind your actions press to run and the game will decide if it wants to run or not . not recommended. Play dark souls instead better action and conrol set.
,Not Recommended,265300,34968023,Posted: 15 September,all,Nebulous Idea,Revised review after gamebreaking bug stopped:Well now I wish this game didn't work. This is by far one of the worst games I have ever played in my life. Pretty much everything in the game does not work as intended. A million great ideas that come together into one abhorrent abomination that is not worthy of your money nor your time.Here's a video that explains my issues with ithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvC-fh9roc8If you want the quick version: enemies move fast and you move slow. Entire game sucks because of this.
76561197977268485,Not Recommended,265300,35053147,Posted: 18 September,all,Big Bad Barbie,"I would love to review this game, but crash upon crash upon crash makes this unplayable.I would strongly sugest waiting buying this game until it is fixed. Considering this is a 2014 game it seems very unlikely to get patched unfortunately.Shame actually, since the little i got to play seemed solid.But as it stands now it's a game for the dumpster........"
76561197982865470,Not Recommended,265300,35317403,Posted: 29 September,all,Santa Claus,"Got it on the cheap. $6. The save system is crap. There is no save option. I defeated the first boss and then quit. Welp, I had to defeat him again when restarting later. No problem. I defeated him again, explored and then left the 1st stage through a door. There was a loading screen which usually means a save on dumb (no user saves) ideas like this. I quit again. You see, this game isn't that interesting and I had things to do. I reload later, I have to fight the first boss again. Wonderfull. I crush him now knowing his Nintendo patterns. I pause the game, come back, a memory leak has now slowed it to a crawl. I quit. I don't think I'll restart."
76561198029506522,Recommended,265300,23751000,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fishercat,"On sale for 10 bucks the game is probably worth it.  Combat and exploration are good, but not as good as any Dark Souls game which is what this is trying to be.  Only recomending because it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,265300,35320204,Posted: 29 September,all,Aramark,"Takes all the fun parts of the Souls series and throws them right in the trash.Clunky, no sense of progression or leveling, and terrible level design."
76561198031648656,Recommended,265300,12686725,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Elder,"this is dark souls, and diablo combined, buy it."
76561198042701715,Not Recommended,265300,13099291,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,haze_warfare,iv been waiting for this game to come out for a while now and i jumped to it when i seen that it was on sale and im glad i got it when it was on sale n not when it was fully priced other wise it would have been a massive waste of money.. i have alot to say why i dont like it but ill just say that i heard it was made by those who made the dark souls series and tbh i really dont see it at all..it feels like a poorly made rushed game that just worked on trying to make the game look good but even then not so great.. the character is really sluggish and makes the character feel really insignificant and when you hit a monster its like no effect but their health goes down n i mean when you hit them most dont stagger they just continue to attack you...some bosses its too hard to get a hit in cause their either blocking so much or attacking to much and when you think you can finnaly get a hit in and he takes so long to swing your weapon it still leaves you open to get hit yourself i found that using magic was the way to go but still i chose the deception magics and most of the time when i used the stab spell the enemy would just walk through it and not get touched..and dodging is so bad in this game its so slow.. everything just seems poorly placed and this game i had high hopes for but it was destroyed after the 2nd boss fight..i do not reccomend this game to anyone and if you want to buy this game because you loved the dark souls series then your not gunna enjoy this game. this game should have been called lords that grind all day because thats all you will be doing i mean yeah you'l kill a boss but then get to the next area but the monsters in the next place are op and a bit too op at some points. im still putting hours into this game just grinding and i hope the developers fix alot of crap in this game because like i said i was waiting for ages for this game to come out and ill agree it could be a good game but atm just alot wrong with it
,Recommended,265300,12782914,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,"father, I crave syrup","11/10 ""Like Dark Souls without a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC port"" -IGNBut seriously this is a kick♥♥♥♥♥game so far. If you enjoyed Dark Souls, you will enjoy this game.Also, be cautios when buying this as many people have experienced issues with this game crashing. I haven't experienced any myself, however."
76561198146465262,Not Recommended,265300,16446044,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Azab_88,"The game looks great but isn't for everyone. I enjoy playing games for the story, the fact that this game had no map at all was extremely frustrating because i was always feeling lost which ruined my experience, so i stopped playing it."
,Not Recommended,265300,13588027,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Veryamaethon,"Game would be fine if I didn't randomly get alt tabbed or lose control (cursor appears on screen & can't get it back to screen without crtl+alt+delete... can't pause, so usually die when it happens. Also cannot use my second monitor when playing because the windows colour scheme popup crashes the game everytime."
76561198000033797,Recommended,265300,16364990,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,KhaosChild,"Really love this game, more than Dark Souls."
76561197983216279,Not Recommended,265300,16427215,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Jaujarahje,Crashed every singly time I tried to go past the first area. 0/10 Refunded within 1 hour of trying to make it past a door
76561197966216024,Not Recommended,265300,12836481,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,bLeak. the Juggernaut,"Garbage, can't even start up the game."
76561197970491179,Not Recommended,265300,12840414,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,SoulBlack,"If you can get this game working then you will enjoy it (assuming you like Dark Souls which it resembles in both style and gameplay)Unfortunately, this game crashes for me (and juding by other reviews/posts, lots of others) almost constantly.  The only way I can get this working is to drop every graphical setting to off (or its lowest setting) and play in a window of 1280 by whatever.  Totally unacceptable when my PC is above the recommended specs, let alone the required.Badly coded/not finished.  Once this gets patched to fix its several issues, you will probably enjoy it - but until then, avoid."
,Not Recommended,265300,12826523,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,kil0pro,"Game continually crashes after 30mins to 1 hour of play. Cannot get anywhere because of the constant crashing.I contacted support and they recommended updating all drivers (which I did) as well as turning down all the graphics settings!!  I am currently running a state of the art gaming computer ( I have been building PC's for the last 12 years ) Do not buy this game for PC unless they have recently updated it. As of 11/7/2014 they have not, and they keep giving me the run around. BTW, I have been troubleshooting this thing for a week now to no avail.DO NOT BUY PC VERSION UNLESS U WANT TO CONTINUALLY CRASH OVER AND OVER."
,Not Recommended,265300,12858908,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Agent Dale Cooper,"This game is about eight hours long. I lost about four hours of progress on a character due to a bug. From start to finish on a new character, my save has about eight hours.do not buy this game. Wait until it's heavily discounted (sub 20$)Game itself is a poor, clunky dark souls. The story is non-existant and the game itself is trivial, i died about four times (and atleast two were from falling)100% regret this purchase. Don't end up like me."
76561197985702091,Not Recommended,265300,13286408,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,CeilingCat,"I could write a massive five paragraph long rant about how this game really failed when it looked so promising....So all I'll say is, buy Dark Souls instead."
,Not Recommended,265300,13474822,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Fottis,"Utter piece of garbage, worst mechanics I've ever seen in a game. Don't get this"
,Not Recommended,265300,13300523,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Dragon Dad,"Most of the issues people are having are due to this game being optimized for the unified memory in the consoles. Even with a GTX 760 with 2gbs of GDDR5, I had quite a few performance issues with the game. This isn't due to graphics quality settings either, because even at medium settings this game is still really erratic. However, setting physx to CPU and enabling safety mode on launch fixed most of the crashing. I can run the game max well above 60fps most of the time now, but sometimes, especially in outdoor areas, the game gets pretty choppy.The game itself is really fun, it has clever tricks and a good feel to it. Dificulty is not quite as high as say, Dark Souls or Demon's Souls, but the game still punishes you for making mistakes while still feeling fair. Attacks and movements in general are heavy and have a satisfying power behind them, unlike the quick light movements you usually see in a souls game. Heavy armor really does slow you down, and different weapons classes have very different applications.The game also has class based magic, which I don't really like. In the souls games magic is free form, you can spec into pyromancy, sorcery, faith, dark magic, whatever you want. You can even skip magic and focus on your physical stats. Here, your class dictates your magic school, and this dictates your playstyle to some degree. You don't really have to spend exp to level up your magic but you realistically will want to because your only ranged method of attacking is a sub weapon, which is a gauntlet type of thing that has 3 modes. If you want the option of ranged attacks, you're gonna have to level up magic stats in order to keep it effective as enemies become tougher. In most other games, you could pick up a bow or crossbow weapon that would rely on physical stats, but here you depend on the sub weapon.In  summary, this is an interesting game that borrows from Souls mechanics while introducing new ideas, a heavier feel, and a story that feels more ""in your face"", whereas dark souls has a deeper plot that you discover along the way through dialougue and item descriptions. Difficult and rewarding, but feels limited as far as magic options and class restrictions. I'd recommend it at $30 in it's current state, minus the bugs and optimization problems. If you can get around those, I'd say that's a fair price.Otherwise, I'd skip it and go back to Demon's souls or something. Ps3s are pretty cheap on ebay and amazon now. In fact, if you've just heard of this game because you've played one or two of the souls series games, you should definetly complete your experience."
,Not Recommended,265300,13509637,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Koney,"It's quite ♥♥♥♥♥♥, believe me, not worth $45, for $ 15 maybe, but you shouldn't buy it anyway.Yes, it's as good as this review."
,Not Recommended,265300,17545227,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,lubricated watermelon,"Too slow, boring enemies, clunky combat, and dumb bosses. The cutscenes were super lame as well. I didn't quit because it was hard, I quit because combat felt like a chore.It looks cool and has decent enough graphics."
,Not Recommended,265300,16445366,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rocket_Man,"Don't buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game.........Twice as frustrating as dark souls, half as rewarding, not even a fraction as interesting.........."
,Not Recommended,265300,16934010,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Choppah4®™,"Dark Souls this is not. Just imagine you're playing a game where all enemies are at normal speed and you're at 1/10th their speed. I'm not sure how long it takes to improve the ratio, but 1.5 hrs is not enough. I've got too many other games I can play and enjoy before I'm stuck loathing this one, so I'll keep working on those and maybe come back to this when I'm desperately bored and want a good laugh."
76561197970743652,Not Recommended,265300,12840515,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,IrishDave,"I've only played the game for around 50 minutes, but unfortunately I won't be able to play it again due to the camera bobble.If you get motion sickness give this a miss.Will update if this is ever addressed by a patch."
76561198080586448,Not Recommended,265300,13115939,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,GreyLotus,"Unable to play this game, and so far the advice i've been given to fix the crashing on startup from the company involves using a untested and unfinished beta build of new graphics card drivers. These drivers, when enabled cause my second monitor to go out with no way to fix it aside from rolling back the drivers or doing a system restore.Extremely disappointed."
76561198079455237,Not Recommended,265300,13277439,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Shadowlich,"Preforms like crap on my oc 980/4670k, crashes constantly. Don't buy this non-functional piece of crap."
,Not Recommended,265300,12825090,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,LKatsu!,"A lot of crashes. The game is completely unstable, its awful when you is fighting bosses or farming and then BOOM, crash to desktop. I can't recommend the game while is unplayable, even the game being fun. Weekly patches instead daily make the experience even worse."
,Not Recommended,265300,12836874,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Rixium,"At first sight this game seems impressive, coming from Dark Souls you buy this because you want the challenge, and you want another game that can give you what Dark Souls gave you. This game is not that.If anything this should be played before Dark Souls as a kind of initiation because if you've played and completed Dark Souls, even the recent (easier than the original) Dark Souls II, this game isn't going to give you a challenge.The Bosses of Lords of the Fallen aren't so much as difficult as they are annoying, they are predictable and easy to figure out, and the difficulty came from the size of their health pools. In fact, the majority of bosses, even the ones that at first sight seemed difficult, I killed on the first attempt. Sure, I could say this skill and patience came from the horror of Dark Souls, but in all honesty, I don't think it did. Stand around for a couple of minutes and dodge a bosses attacks and you'll be able to do it with your eyes closed.Continuing on, the game has been released for over a week now, and still no official fix for the constant crashes I'm experiencing. I'm currently writing this review after several crashes in the final bosses intro (that takes a hell of a long time, btw). I recommend waiting for a fix for the crashes because they are a real problem in allowing you to progress with the game.The story is bland, and the scenery is bland. Throughout the entire game I haven't stopped for a moment to admire my surroundings, everything is extremely similar, it feels like one big area. Maybe that's what they were aiming for with the game.. for you to feel like you're stuck in such a small area as the Rhogar attack, but it's a bad design decision if so, because no one will remember this game in a few years because of that fact.The writing feels so weird, it's like the entire game is made of cheesy lines that make you want to impale yourself on your character's badass weapon (which is probably the biggest plus of this game). It's so uninteresting, the voice acting feels so forced, most of the time I feel like I'm actually listening to a voice actor and not the character, but completely destroys immersion.It's sad, honestly. I was so hyped for this game, ""Woohoo, more potential Dark Souls"", but that's all it was, potential Dark Souls. I hate to make the comparison, but if they're expecting me not to when it's what the majority of people that buy this game want, then they've made the wrong game.Last points, If you want a game that's easier than Dark Souls, don't bother. Don't even bother playing something easier, the whole reason Dark Souls is so appealing is because of how it makes you feel after the 100 boss attempts before success. You feel so HIGH and ENERGETIC after beating such a difficult enemy. Keep on with Dark Souls and push yourself, you will succeed and you will feel good about it. Play this and you might feel like you have a little bit of a sugar rush sometimes, but thats about it.Finished the game in just over 11 hours. Last boss seemed pretty challenging at first, but it was just my weapon choice."
76561198071591439,Not Recommended,265300,13282507,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,TaylorToGo,"Do Not Buy This Game.Dark Souls fans will be dissapointed to find how shallow and boring this game really is, even with Souls style combat. Beyond that, the devs are simply terrible. This game is so glitchy and broken it's maddening. It crashes every time you play it. EVERY TIME. And the devs lie about not being able to ""recreate the issues"" to fix them. They know their game sucks. and after beating it TWICE, I can say that it is not worth the time. I want a refund. They better give refunds. This game is broken and terrible."
76561198155543002,Not Recommended,265300,13287706,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,barry.gillies1,"what a load of junk can't even get thru two seconds of the first fight before it freezes then  i itry to down the patch but can't because there's no way to do it and no help  to show you how, paid 50 dollars for the special version of this game and boy i got it they shouldn't realease it untill it actualy works"
76561198065806040,Not Recommended,265300,13440006,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ednooooo,Clunky Souls without the fun. The highlights of Lords of The Fallen are broken gameplay. Buggy everything. Uninspired art direction. Crap story. Just replay the Souls games.
,Not Recommended,265300,13574298,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,AyyySB,"When this game came out, I could not get it to run well on my PC at all even on the absolute lowest settings. Now, a few months later, the game runs a little better but not as well as I would have liked it to.The game is like Dark Souls except it is no where near as interesting. There is no epic music in the boss fights or interesting weapons and armour to fight. There is also no tensity and a lack of atmosphere and nice scenery. The gameplay is alright but that may be because I have an extremely soft spot for games similar to Dark Souls. However I reckon I would not have liked this game if I had not played any of the Souls games before-hand.I would say only get this if you like the Dark Souls series and if you have the PC to run it. You will need a fairly high end rig however.+ Solid combat+ Just as challenging as the Souls games- No epic music- Frustrating at times- Performance is awful"
76561198025320289,Not Recommended,265300,13160012,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Renaz,"I actually really like the game, I just can't play it. It's crashing on both my GTX 780 TI desktop and my alienware laptop which is also has a decent NVidia card in it.The FPS are terrible, up and down like a yoyo. Best wait for another patch, 1.3 hasn't fixed it."
76561198044353639,Not Recommended,265300,16924916,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Wolfie,Pretty bad tbh
76561198012063861,Not Recommended,265300,13271004,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,NHsports123,"I dont have a gaming computer but i do have a decent one. It runs pretty much every game just fine, including Dark Souls. Even on the lowest setting graphics the fps is super low and makes the game impossible to play. Hopefully in the future they'll make it work for non-gaming computers, but for now i feel like i wasted $30. For everyone without a gaming computer i suggest waiting a few months to see if anything changes before buying."
76561198030422116,Not Recommended,265300,13605168,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,MoNkEyFaRtS,"I wanted to love this game, or play it for a matter of fact. My computer is more than capable of playing it, but at this state, i cant even load the game up. It crashes as soon as i press play. Sometimes im lucky enough to get through some of the opening credits, such as the Nvidia and Alienware videos. But then it crashes right away, or just a plain black screen right before crash. Such a shame, I would love to play it eventually. Hopefully there is a patch.... BUT DO NOT BUY THE GAME UNTIL FIXED, IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!!!!!! I WASTED MY MONEY, PLEASE DONT WASTE YOURS!"
,Not Recommended,265300,16428217,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Gacrux,"Clunky combat, slow paced, and dry gameplay."
76561198009679376,Not Recommended,265300,13129058,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Bongkajolyz 7¥,this game sucks! I just keep dying paying it! you cant even break an enemies shield!
76561198016397464,Not Recommended,265300,18737312,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,BigShaman,"Please get both Dark Souls and DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME on this one. It is a really ugly rip off of the FROM SOFTWARE games with a totally useless main character and storyline. It is a bit faster than Dark Souls 1 & 2 but that's it, this game lacks personality, atmosphere and plus it's not even THAT challenging.Seriously, why was this game even created?"
,Recommended,265300,23961237,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Josator,This is a really really good game.Sound graphics and gameplay wise.I do not understand the reviews.
76561198044558359,Not Recommended,265300,20153556,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,leviathan678,just play dark souls instead any of them
,Not Recommended,265300,32043519,Posted: 29 May,all,Rainy Days,Like Dark Souls but wish the bosses were more even more of a formulaic grind?
,Not Recommended,265300,26757569,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,aGuythatHaslost8LbssoFar,The game just feels way too slow.  I got it at 75% off and would still not recommend it at that price.
76561198044772106,Not Recommended,265300,20001947,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,mello,"Useless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, even for £6 on sale it isnt worth it. Who the ♥♥♥♥ makes a game you cant even save properly.Welcome to Lords of the Fallen, a game where we gave up half way through to wank eachother off rather than fixing♥♥♥♥♥♥Would rate 8/8 for bantz but just lost 4 hours worth of gameplay, so you can go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves!"
,Not Recommended,265300,13123734,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ganerumo,"4/10A half-hearted, ill-advised attempt at a dark souls clone, that fails to capture the quick nervous combat of its source of inspiration.(+) Good art direction, albeit mostly borrowed(+) Good music, albeit mostly borrowed(+) Decent magic system(-) Clunky, unresponsive movement(-) SLOOOOOOW animations(-) Terrible voice acting(-) Camera is awful(-) Unstable and buggy(-) Constant framerate drops on any quality settings(-) Abusive use of bloom and eye candy that impede on visibility during fights(-) Lack of enemy variety. Blocking enemies are overpowered. Everything knocks you off your feet."
76561198015090530,Not Recommended,265300,19816907,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,jmcmenamin,"I so wanted to like this game. It has all the elements that I really enjoy. I ignored so many flaws to play the game that I will not be able to give it a good review.The Good.When it is working, it is a fun and very good game.The Bad.I hardly ever is working.The game is flawed in so many ways I don't want to take the time. Archers shoot through rock. The game is so unballenced it will make you crazy.Crashes!A shame I wanted to like this game."
,Not Recommended,265300,14530258,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Widji,"Game is broken, pretty linear and generally not as fun as you would expect from a game like this."
76561198041752396,Not Recommended,265300,14509881,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Za,"The ugly cousin of the Souls franchise that tries to have the difficulty curve of its doppelganger but only achieves cheap frustration at best.Enemies have massively over inflated health, mindless attack patterns grafted onto nearly infallible lock on targeting, boring bosses, topped off with your character moving as through thick syrup constantly. Attack animations for everyone are actually pretty frustrating and awkward looking.The art style was rather fun though. I enjoyed the world just not playing in it.The worst part is this is all bundled with a host of technical flaws that make me unable to recommend the game at all. Period. Quite frankly just stay away because there isn't a single thing worth the hassle here just go play one of the Souls games if you’re at all interested."
76561198064807992,Not Recommended,265300,19975729,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Doshyy,"I tried to like the game, I really did. It's like playing a crappy version of Demon Souls. It's not very fun, because it's not working completely, minor bugs making it more difficult than it should be. The combat is clunky too. I wouldn't recommend it if you are trying to compare it to Dark Souls/ Demon Souls. BUT if you like a bland story, and buggy fighting mechanics, then go for it."
76561197996368907,Recommended,265300,25493896,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Tec7,"Worth playing. Not as good as dark souls, but worth playing."
,Not Recommended,265300,20409482,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,2fast4dad,"I played this game for a short time, and in that short time I died oh you know at least 26 times, I was counting. This game is a sad excuse for a dark souls copy. I played dark souls and it was easier than this. Whenever I would try to dodge or block the boss would immediatley spin around and do like 44 damage and take off half of my health. The blocking was very unresponsive, half the time when I was holding down right click it wouldn't block for♥♥♥♥♥♥ The dodging is so slow, and the enemies always come back around and get you. Don't buy this game unless you actually enjoy darksouls, if all  you did was rage then, please uninstall. (yes of course I raged at this game, but it's still♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,265300,25776797,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Raging_B0n3R™,This is way better than Dark Souls. I enjoy this more than it...similar gameplay with darksouls but with better graphics
,Not Recommended,265300,33430635,Posted: 10 July,all,Bamfitz,Crash Simulator 2017
,Not Recommended,265300,16657307,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,unclepeyj,"I didn't have any technical problems but have a lot of problems with the gameplay itself. The controls are too stiff, blocking lots of times doesn't work at all because he's not completely facing the foe!!! And when I evade he's too slow to attack or he's too far. It's just a Dark Souls wannabe, and a bad one at it. Don't waste your time and money."
,Recommended,265300,19888979,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,IAmTheSerb,"dark souls clone, garbage abilities. 7/10 Mediocre at best"
,Not Recommended,265300,16457694,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lunchbox,"It's sad to think that in a game renowned for it's difficulty, the hardest part about this game is getting it to start. Good job, guys."
76561198015526767,Not Recommended,265300,13804938,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,NIN2,PC Crash simulator 2014!!!!
76561197982199223,Not Recommended,265300,26293138,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sharkweek,"Dark Souls in slow motion big budget style, and all that that implies.Not certain, but doesn't the quantity of tattoos just mean he was the criminal that got caught the most?Personally I would have vouched for the Dark Lord with the clean face.HE might have moved like he had a purpose."
,Not Recommended,265300,33108457,Posted: 1 July,all,ToastyGerm,"Pros- Looks nice most of the time- Some of the enemy (and boss) designs were really goodCons- Combat is very sluggish and clunky but it still feels somewhat solid (sometimes)- Re used mostly all of the tracks, though some of them were good it got annoying after a while- VERY buggy, I've counted at least 3 times I've clipped through things randomly and instantly died, boss music most of the time didnt start until the second phase of the fight, and many other things- The camera has this shaking effect when you're walking which i honestly dont know if it was meant to or not because some of the time it didnt happen but for the most part it did, and it got really annoying after a while- I don't know if this is an issue with combat mechanics/animations or hit boxes but a lot of the times I swung straight through enemies to have nothing happen- Story felt very rushed, towards the end it started to become a lot more cluttered and much less coherent, but i didn't buy the game for the story so it's not a huge issue with meAll in all, I enjoyed the first maybe 2 and a half hours of this game, but it just got worse as it went on. I wouldn't recommend it for the full $30, but at the very least im not really upset that i payed $6 dollars for it. If they ironed out a lot of the bugs and fixed some combat issues it would be much better."
76561198065317347,Not Recommended,265300,19889436,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sebulber,"First time I started playing this game , my character is frozen and I can't move to fight the intro enemy."
,Not Recommended,265300,19895505,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Alik,"To be fair I didn't play it very long, so this is a first impression.It didn't run well on my fairly new computer.  It crashed once during the first boss fight (like 20 minutes in).  The interface feels a little console-y in parts, though having reasonably good mouse+keyboard controls is a big plus.   The combat felt kind of clunky in a way that's hard for me to pin down (I tried the cleric and dagger guys).Also, a big minus was the first boss being vulnerable to the starting 'decoy' spell.  It really takes something out of the fight to have the big monster dude flailing at your magical decoy while you stab him in the butt.  Not very challenging."
76561198040498841,Recommended,265300,12715839,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Taaha,From what I playyed it is awesome but since my computer isn't a beast I can't play on highest settings but whenever I change and save the settings then exit and come back into the game they go back to the highest settings. So I can't play  until that is fixed or I get a better video card.
76561198038175240,Recommended,265300,13598513,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,{B2A}{Boots{2}Asses},THIS  GAME   IS  VERY  NICE  PLAYS  WELL   AN  THE  BOSSES   R  HARD  UNLIKE OTHER  GAMES  I HAVE PLAYED   BEST 19 DOLLARS  SPENT   WOW
76561197989777519,Recommended,265300,13576461,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mituki,"I've seen a lot of people give this game♥♥♥♥♥♥for the crashing. This game has not crashed once since I've got it, so those people need to upgrade or get a better computer. I can run everything on very high settings with 16xAA on a GT760 2GB just fine even though it says there will problems with less than 4GB vram. I'll give it an A for compatability. Personally I think this game is better than DS1 or 2. Take advantage when this game goes on sale"
,Not Recommended,265300,27062569,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Olivaw,"Lords of the Fallen is a Souls-like with a twist—mediocrity.I could forgive the fact that the game communicates its ideas (both narrative and mechanical) so poorly if the art were strong. But the art is sub-Darksiders Warcraft-esque 90's Image comics. I could forgive the art if the game were responsive and played well, but it's even slower and more cumbersome than Dark Souls 2. The bosses are banal and totally unmemorable, with gimmicks that either barely matter or kill you in a single hit.There isn't a single thing the game does that it does particularly well, with the sole exception of the animations and the sound design; hitting a dude with a big hammer looks and feels like you're hitting a dude with a big hammer.And I could forgive all its faults if it were well-optimized and ran smoothly. But despite exceeding the recommended specs for a game that came out in 2014, the framerate is inconsistent and it crashes constantly. And I've got an Nvidia card, the one the game is supposedly built for!There really isn't a reason to purchase Lords of the Fallen. Especially since every single Dark Souls game runs better and accomplishes more than anything Lords even attempts to do."
76561198148156391,Not Recommended,265300,21105435,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Deathly Kenny,This game doesn't even work.. I reïnstalled it several times but it freezes every time when I try to start a new game. I was really looking forward into playing this game again as I already played it on the PS4. I know it's a great game and it can't be the fault of my PC because I can play games like elder scrolls online on max settings without any trouble. If this is a bug please fix it ASAP.
,Recommended,265300,13153647,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,speedLine,my game wont start..help me.
,Recommended,265300,12869014,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Allah Gold,it's called lords of the fallen because the lord of framerates makes ur framerate fall
76561198044222125,Not Recommended,265300,20291116,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,KevinLandWaster,"thanks steam for refunding me.Could not get past the tutorial. Tried with xbox controller and keyboard and mouse.Think the main character might be a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or something. But then again, maybe it is just me that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Very pretty game though."
76561198035299511,Not Recommended,265300,25559994,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Listerfiend,This game is total mediocrity.Everything in each area looks the same so it's super easy to get lost.The controls are slow.If you're hard up for a Souls like game you could pick this but there are much better choices out there.
76561197966082768,Not Recommended,265300,32825319,Posted: 26 June,all,Dan,"unstable, crashing."
76561198055468090,Recommended,265300,12675435,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,venura_perera,"Extremely pretty, and runs like a dream.Extactly what I was expecting. Game play is very similar to Dark Souls 2."
76561198043379505,Recommended,265300,12675387,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,burrito,"Well so far I love this game. It has nice graphics, great gameplay and ok story. However, I'm stuck due to a lever not functioning:P"
,Recommended,265300,18823523,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Axelb9,Honestly I only did this review in order to upgrade my community badge that would otherwise be stuck on my profile page forever. It is a great game though and my completion percentage might be the strongest testament to that. I totally do not see why it would be only a 'Mixed' game in average reviews - for me it is 'Overwhelmingly positive' which provides great satisfaction. Might write something more later.
76561198032885905,Recommended,265300,13486668,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Nirb,"Previously I stated that : I WOULD STEAR CLEAR OF THIS GAME UNTIL ATLEAST 22.3 MORE PATCHES COME OUT, however after upgrading my processor and motherboard I have noticed that the minimum specs for LotF are not strong enough to run this properlyI would maintain the idea of waiting until maybe 1 or 2 patchs come out but from what I've seen albeit briefly, this is a very fun and satisfying game to play. IF you are afraid of darksouls, think its too hard, too gloomy, etc but desire its gameplay look no further.I have editted my review accordingly from my angry rant as it now works, my current specs are:Intel Core i5 4590 processor, VIPER DDR3 (2x4GB ram), ASUS H97M-E, AMD R7 260x and an 840 EVO SSD"
,Recommended,265300,12892886,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Somerandom18,Such difficultySo graphicsWowBlood
,Recommended,265300,28809592,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sir Noot,6.9 hours like a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cool guy
,Recommended,265300,12929766,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,OftenOrdinary,Want a relaxing Dark Souls? Want to be a real Cleric: Shield and Hammering your way through literally dozens of faces?Look no further!(Would be better with skeletons though)
76561198135026788,Recommended,265300,12943218,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,joey_hone,why can ti play it keeps crashing before the game even starts WTF
76561198022409820,Recommended,265300,13246876,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Bossler,"A Dark Souls-lite (rip-off) in so so so many ways, the movesets, the enemies, the stat scaling dynamic, etc.The bosses are the best part of the game, grand in scale and unique in movesets. Not as peculiar as Dark Souls (that poison-serpant lady was just mmmmmmdifficult without the know-how)The weapons and armor are great designs, each weapon having a different moveset. However, the range is quality is vast, with you picking up some top notch stuff early on, and some lame stuff later, and everything in-between.Two-handed warrior is the best class. I started as a rogue that was agile and used twin daggers and swords. The difficulty starts out medium, then ramps the ♥♥♥♥ up when you have to fight anything with a shield and can't get around (you'll know exactly when). I re-speced, which you can only do once and need a guide to show you how. Two-handing weapons owns the game in some ways, but , and helps balance some of the cheap hitboxes and the absolutely frustrating camera.I used ""Deception"" magic but read that the ""Brute"" or warrior magic is just as good/better. Either way, magic is annoying to use, and this special ""Gauntlet"" hand cannon is pointless and unnecessary.The story is only mild-sauce, getting better at the end but mostly fantasy short-hand at this point. Evil things invade our world, you fight the demons here and then in their world, find out human has opened a portal to another realm, make some decisions about mercy or killing. I could storyboard this on a flippin' cocktail napkin.The sidequests are so-so, and you can lock yourself out if you don't do the dialogue right the first time. NPCs wear cement shoes.My fighting strategy didn't change from hours 5 to 13 when I finished. Kinda wish some more curveballs were thrown to make me adapt.I did enjoy it for the most part, because I just wanted more Dark Souls style combat.It never exceeds Dark Souls in any one aspect, but gets close in several like combat and bosses.No coop or covenantsIf you like Dark Souls. I recommend this game.7/10Dark Souls"
,Recommended,265300,13457548,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Pat,"I'm not sure where I stand yet on the game, I've only put in 8 hours so far, as a pretty big fan of DkS and DkS 2 both of which I have a pretty large amount of game time in, while it's not meant to be like DkS, it's controlled just like DkS without parry and riposting, and how using a check point works, death is the only way NPCs respawn between check points.Pros:- Armor actually helps a lot in this game to counter damage, but at the cost of rolling and the rolling iframes- Graphics are stunning, you can tell the artists put a lot of work into the game.- Straight forward information on each stat and what it does and what the changed when you put a new point into it- Weight is colored to show you which of the 3 rolls you preform at your current Weight- ""Stealth"" walking actually helps A LOT for getting in ""backstabs"" on annoying♥♥♥♥♥NPCs.Cons:- Bosses are not a challenge, they're just bloody cheap, they telegraph their attacks way too much, takes 5 minutes to figure out each animation, takes hours to actually figure out how to avoid the cheapness of most of them.- Most NPCs are cheap, really annoying and need to be redone because they're just plain a waste of time even when you have to kill them, it's a good 5-10 minutes wasted on them.- Shield has been pretty bloody mandatory so far, even when trying to use light armor and using the fast roll to avoid damage rather then tank it, but tanking is pretty much the best way to deal with general NPCs.- Bloody Input lag holy crap, this is the most annoying thing so far.- 2 Healing Potions as a Warrior and this makes♥♥♥♥♥♥annoying to progress through.7.5/10 for now."
,Recommended,265300,12918666,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Whiskey,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ more than just a darksouls clone, play it"
76561197968576229,Recommended,265300,12921096,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Koinonos,"While the game suffered from early technical issues, I find that this game is the perfect successor to games like Blade of Darkness, Die by the Sword, and even the Duel, Deadly combat, or Ultimate combat mods for Skyrim.  The fight and block mechanics are far smoother with LoTF than with Dark Souls 1 or 2.Another thing to appreciate about LoTF is that enemies and bosses have multiple strengths and weaknesses, so there are several approaches to killing them, either by boosting stamina, using combat spells against them, ranged attacks, or different weapon types that can be easily cycles.This game is far more polished that Dark Souls 1 or 2 from a UI, keyboard + mouse, and graphical standpoint.If you like fighting games where situational awareness and finding your own approach to each fight is addicting, then you should really enjoy this game."
76561198026566282,Recommended,265300,12977696,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,R3V3RS3,"Yes, I recommend this game if you're looking for a similar experience like Dark Souls.No crashes to report. If your computer crashes, it is trash.Note: Game crashed a couple times on its launch day when I was overclocking my CPU for streaming. I disabled overclock settings and stopped streaming while playing and it didn't crash again."
76561198085826271,Recommended,265300,13560683,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,lckygecko4817,Hands down this is an awesome game!
,Recommended,265300,12881913,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Titus,I wasn't a very big fan of souls but I really like this game. It had a bit of a clunky start but the devlopers really do care about their game. They had at least 95% of the issues fixed within the first week of launch. I haven't encountered any more issues since the second patch. The game is quite fun and addictive. I'm liking the story as well. I'd recommend the game to soul fans and non-soul fans alike.
,Recommended,265300,13844522,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Bubbles,"Lords of the Fallen is a game about a professional football player thrown into a different dimension.Finding himself in a medieval time period, Harkyn soon becomes the greatest warrior of all time by putting his football tackling expertise to use with a shield. No one is capable of adapting to or handling Harkyn's mighty shield charge. All are staggered to death at his hands.re: Dark Souls -Coming from Dark Souls you might default to 2-handing a weapon, rolling through each attack, and then hitting the boss. But buddy, you will never beat the tutorial boss that way. Yes, Lords is a game where you can dodge by rolling, but it's far from the best option for evasion 100% of the time. If you are an avid Dark Souls player, you may recognize some bosses where dodging is best done by untargeting and moving out of the way, rather than using your stamina to roll. I-frames can be a crutch. Dodging in Lords is heavily in favor of getting out of the way without rolling through every attack. Also shield bash. Shield bash everything."
76561198003292051,Recommended,265300,13423000,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Wheli The Bab,If you want a coppy of Darksouls 2 with lousier boss fights this is it. I dont mean it is a bad game it is good realy nice schenery and the bosses ar realy nice animated but it does just not cut it for me beacause after some time playing and downing some bosses you will gett bored.
,Recommended,265300,13865833,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Juan Diggle,"Nice game. A little bit tiresome, but overall a nice game. The graphics are good and it is just like a dark souls 1 copy pasted + some graphics. The story is: go from A to B, save someone, go again. The mechanics are just like dark souls, it is revolting and hard to control some stuff... Great game 8/10."
,Recommended,265300,12717362,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Viper691,"im running all AMD rig..8350 OC at 4.5, R9 290, 8gig dominator RAM, ASUS ROG board and i have had hardly any trouble with the game.  I had 1 CTD during the 1st warden fight but other then that been running liquid smooth totally maxed out.  I do hate the stupid chromatic aberrations that they have in the game and was honestly abit dissapointed at the visuals ingame after all the hype.  For a next gen game it has rather low quality texture, lip sync is non-existent, hair on NPC and honestly NPC's themselves are terrible quality from animation to VO.  The majority of things i understand will be fixed in patches in near future but i have to say i was expecting to have my mind blown abit more.  Shadow of mordor has better graphics IMO but the gameplay and art style is really good in this game and its fun most importantly.  Highly recommend you pick it up although if you run NVIDIA graphics its having lots of problems from what i gather.UPDATE:  Just actually disable post processing to see what the game was like and wow night and day difference in the whole look of the game.  I hate losing some of the lighting effects but damn this game looks awesome without that damn blurry effect from chromatic aberration."
76561198067247887,Recommended,265300,12740555,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dim,"TL;DR - It's fun but not memorable or worth the release price with the current content. Wait for patches and a better price. 6.5/10There are plenty of gameplay reviews so I'll focus on something I felt they left out. Replayability.The first playthrough will take anywhere from 8-15hrs mostly because you're exploring and don't exactly know locations rather than difficaulty. Play it again and you'll realize that the setting for the entire game is 1 building and a portal to oblivion in it's back yard. The feature trailer played on steam and as a intro in the game where Harkyn vows to a god and battles a demon does not happen and is actually contradicting. You could make an arguement to DLC however games that sell half finished like that is not a Pro on my list. On top of this I was in a stream with a developer who was answering questions and they said that DLC has not been planned yet.In new game+ one of the remaining spell classes become an available option and are added on top of your existing spells; up to 2 times before the save locks for a full experience. The problem is you only have 1 button to cycle through spells and the only short cut is spaming it. There is no reordering or quick bar for them which makes Faith/Mage players a nightmare because you have to cycle through ALL of your spells just to get back to a default.If you role melee then you only get a handful of new items (rehashed armor skins, and few weapons) and backstory dialogues that is more for completion and will not change the story at all with each ng+. Monsters of course have higher HP and DPS but the challenge ultimately depends on if you choose to gimp yourself which you could experience on your first playthrough as the AI stays the same.The graphics and atmosphere are one of the main highlights;  probably the best within this genre. Like a 3rd person Diablo game with dark souls control mechanics. Unfortunatly, the novelty of this combination does wear after repetitive encounters (there are a few reused bosses to normal mobs). It's actually disappointing that it does not go anywhere. The last enemies you fight you fight the same way as the first you fought.Basically most of your fun will be early during first playthrough which is not that much content for the money. The story is straight forward and linear which can be both a pro and con but the reality is you have one real choice in the game; everythinge else is an illusion of choice and does not matter making you sorta wonder if the game would be better without these extras... Like yetka, she could be cut and nothing would change... negatively atleast..."
76561198050279489,Recommended,265300,12717754,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Apollo,Pretty good and entertaining. Bit short overall but looking forward for more DLCs or sequels/prequels. Definately worth the money!
76561198083755628,Recommended,265300,12726790,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Jasbinschek,"I can write this review now that i finished up this game.My first impression was ""Wow, this is a hard"", but i got used to the game mechanics, strategies, controllers and skills (which makes everything a little bit easier), and i have to admit it, it can be challenging even after you get used to all those things.You need patience to play this game and i recommend you to follow the plot as it's very important for the game itself.I wont talk about dark souls since this is not a dark souls review.This is a fun, nice balanced game and it can be challenging, it have a nice amount of secrets, some nice options on plot decisions, and gives you enough freedom on gameplay style, so i would recommend it.Oh yeah, nice graphic quality too..."
,Recommended,265300,12718501,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Ichimoto,"Fun game, ""Dark Souls-Lite"" to call it something in terms of gameplay, but more story driven and linear than Dark Souls.Recommended, having a blast with it!"
76561197998048996,Recommended,265300,12733036,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Wind,"A decent game that stands on its own.Some principles of the game are taken from the Dark Souls: dual wielding and shield mechanics, stamina bar, equipment weight effect on speed, limited health potions, respawning enemies, checkpoints, necessity for tactical combat, backstabing and a game world that does not care if you live or die. But if you try to play it like Dark Souls, you will likely fail miserably. The enemies are different and combat strategies necessary to beat those enemies are different too. The RPG aspect of this game is much more clearer than that of Dark Souls. The combat for the most part is enjoyable - your character really feels like a decent warior who, while he must pay respect to what the enemy does, can stand his own.Oh and one piece of advice. Stock on the fire resistance shards..."
,Not Recommended,265300,33846977,Posted: 27 July,all,Owen Wilson,pass
76561198188935631,Recommended,265300,33883308,Posted: 29 July,all,Arken Guardian,"Don't mind the negative reviews about this game, I recommend playing this game for its fun and challenging gameplay. I thoroughly enjoyed my journey in this game's world and I am excited to play the Surge which is made by the same creators of this game."
,Recommended,265300,17126424,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Rare Grinch,"With the latest build being stable, I would recommend Lords of the Fallen if you want a Souls like game."
76561198013019948,Not Recommended,265300,33020548,Posted: 29 June,all,Skywalkerb,"Seems pretty good, nice art style and fun gameplay. Unfortunately, I couldn't get past the 2nd boss from crashing. No apparent fix."
,Recommended,265300,13381722,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,ExplosiveExplosion,Runs better than Bloodborne on my gaming rig.
,Not Recommended,265300,33722099,Posted: 22 July,all,Poliiii,my game doesnt even start
,Not Recommended,265300,33708214,Posted: 21 July,all,jamanbread,"I've played this game for a few hours.  After going along getting to newer areas, my entire system would crash.  Hardware failure related.  Found out the game would cook my graphics card to crazy temps.  After air flow management, game would still crash.  I've had no other games do this to me, EVER.I liked the gameplay, and story.  Combat pacing is a little slow, but well done.  Lore is told in an interesting way (through scrolls while playing), but intro cutscenes could give better backdrop.Overall, I would not recomend personally.  But if you like challenging, slower paced combat, it's for you.SPECS: i7-3930k EVGA GTX 780ti, 12gb DDR3"
,Not Recommended,265300,22135745,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,gamingfr3ak,"Lords of the Fallen really isn't that bad of a game, but I found it to be lacking in depth. It is praised as a ""Dark Souls-like"" but only really reminds me of Dark Souls on the surface. And in that way, it is just like any other game in this genre, so it really doesn't stand out to me.My issue with this game basically boils down to one point, and that is this: All character builds are too similar. You have one build type, and that is 'bulky guy with big melee weapon'. Yes there are 'light' and 'heavy' armors but the difference between them is hardly noticable, visually or in action. In Dark Souls, if you put on lighter armor you get hit harder but are more maneuverable. Heavier armor has the opposite effect. In Lords of the Fallen, every armor class makes you roll the same and move the same. It's boring and makes me feel very limited in how I can approach the game. The Magic is incredibly lackluster as well; all it really is is buffs and debuffs, with one actual offensive 'spell' for each set. No matter what kind of character you try to build, they are all going to feel the same, whereas in Dark Souls a lightweight build or a heavy, 2h build or a mage are WILDLY different from one another.If you don't like too many different genres and have already been through some of the other games in this genre then maybe this one is for you. But if you are hoping it will live up to any of the hype or really even compare to the other great games on the market in this genre, then prepare to be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,265300,32742806,Posted: 24 June,all,Serenity404,"Not even 4 hours in and my character got stuck after death animation. It is a weird bug screen is red and my character spawned but it won't move. I can see that game loop is executing normally because flowers etc also swing around. I can change spells too but character won't move. Many people also report getting stuck in unsaveable places, infinite death loops etc. too so I think it is a common occurence. Now my save is corrupted and I need to start again. My character was level 27 but there are some guys out there reporting that they lost 92 level characters and it could happen to me too. Seeing that the game is 2+ years old I find it unacceptable. I think devs wanted a good DS copy which is actually something I really appreciate and imho we really need BUT this game is a BAD game and there is no changing it regardless it is a Dark Souls copy or not.Gameplay is similar to Dark Souls but it is significantly worse. Enemy designs are♥♥♥♥♥♥ animations suck, controls are way too clunky. And I am not saying this because I am making a comparison with Dark Souls. I am saying this because gameplay is clearly not well thaught out. It is not the fact that game is slower than DS it is the fact that slow gameplay is not well made and therefore it is NOT fun. I didn't want it to be faster while playing I wanted it to feel more natural, more intuitive, more fluent. Some weapon swing animations are horrible. Some attacks are way too stiff. Some enemies are way too grindy.I fought 2 bosses and they were not hard enough but they tested the limits of my patience so much. It took over 20 minutes to kill the boss because rather than designing a good fun fight they made a horrible grind into a boss fight.Some aspects are better than DS3 like the game has an actual story with voice acting and cutscenes etc on top of good graphics but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and buggy gameplay kills it. It would've been an amazing game otherwise. And the fact that it is unplayable thanks to the bugs makes it a big NO. Stay away from it. I could say get it on sale despite the games flaws but devs not FIXING the product does not sit well with me."
,Not Recommended,265300,16435206,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Doppleganger1016,Crashes on start every time.
,Not Recommended,265300,16901764,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Skitsofrandom,"This game still runs like crap nearly a year after release. I have a 970 and an FX8350 and I can't even run this game 60fps @1080p on minimum settings. Total waste of money, these devs suck."
,Not Recommended,265300,13603435,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Doctor Dick,Meh
76561198042436277,Not Recommended,265300,13606286,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Totino's Pizza Rolls TM,"If you've played Dark Souls, don't get this game. Every minute I've spent with it, I've been thinking, ""Why am I not just playing Dark Souls?"" The story thus far is really boring and about an hour and a half of my progression has been chasing this character I have zero attachment to. Save your money and just buy Dark Souls or Dark Souls 2 (even with the drama around the new DS2 version coming out). It's pretty dang bad by comparison, but it might have been about a 7/10 if I hadn't expected so much from it."
,Not Recommended,265300,15395194,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,zorksox,"This game is a glitch-riddled mess.  It is a shameless rip off of Dark Souls, and it's a bad one at that.  The combat is poor, and the boss design is abysmal.  It's also horribly optimized for the PC.  It requires much beefier hardware to aceive 60fps than it should.  That being said, this game is qute pretty if you have a GTX 970.  If you love poop, you'll love this.  If you find it on sale for $3.74, don't buy it.  I would pay $3.74 to get back the time I wasted on this load of garbage."
76561197971040949,Not Recommended,265300,14710252,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Greasy Mullet,"This game sucked.  Loved the graphics and concept but the controls on the PC were very clunky and the game was flat out too hard... made even harder with the bad controls.  While some people may enjoy that kind of punishment, I enjoy games where the controls are much more fluid and the gameplay is fun."
,Not Recommended,265300,13598956,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Zippingkrazz,"I Would not reccomend this game to anyone, like i dont understand how anyone can play this game the combat system is so hard it makes the game unplayable, iv played alot of games in my life which include everything from simulators to first person shooters and i never normally have problems with being able to play the game, there is no real story line that i can see of so far, i have played nearly 2 hours of this game so far i will play for around 30 mins and rage quit and come back again after 30 mins thinking there has to be a way, but no there is not its a case of dying alot before knowing how to take a enemy down. i regret buyying this game even though it was 60% off (i understand why now)."
76561198005815658,Not Recommended,265300,13614139,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Acek47,This game made me want to break everything!
76561198101265994,Not Recommended,265300,16011604,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,¿Super Chef Wes¿,"this game sucks and still is broken after all the fixes , i have a great set that can run any game on max and this game cant even make it through the dam company advertising in the beginning... seems like they deleted most of the negative responses to get this game sold again... personall it was a giant waste of money for a single player game i didnt have to pay money to play..."
,Not Recommended,265300,12820289,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Daygore,Alot of promis and does seem to want to be a better game than dark souls but its just not quite there
,Not Recommended,265300,16756501,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,123TheCloop,"personally this game sucks, i played only 6 hours and enjoyed the content, sadly the low fps o my current rig was a joke, i run 2x 290x with 16gb of ram and a i7 4790k at 4.4ghz i far exceed the requirements yet cannot get 60fps or even 40fps at 1080p, baring in mind crossfire is no existance on this game, if crossfire is enabled it will on every start up crash to windows and you will be forced to restart your pc, and because there being no crossfire support i cannot make the fps go up and there is barely any updates for this game from devs its pathetic ive requested a refund as it doesnt perform to my standards and i would advice you not to purchase this."
76561198058541033,Not Recommended,265300,33745134,Posted: 23 July,all,Whitey,"It's a poor man's Dark Soul.  The hitboxes don't match up properly, and the AI reactions to being hit and their actions in general seem to be completely random. It's hugely frustrating.The way the story unfolds, there's no emotional investment in your character.Lastly, this game was obviously ported from console, as the design and the ingame instructions are constantly showing controller buttons for the controls, rather than the assigned keyboard keys.It's a bit of a shame, really, as it's visually impressive and I like the style of game. I play for a bit, then rage quit; not in a ""Dark Souls git gud"" kinda rage quit, more of a ""that's completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, what the hell just happened"" kinda rage quit."
,Recommended,265300,24122507,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ernestvsmith,This is a good game. But not for this price. Also its super hard.
76561198287232048,Recommended,265300,29887399,Posted: 12 February,all,code23,best game to play XD
,Recommended,265300,23974671,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Donaldus Rex,Its a great game ♥♥♥♥ the nay sayers.
76561198052656156,Not Recommended,265300,19362395,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,jeffd,tg I didn't pay full price for this thing
76561198075136572,Not Recommended,265300,22536217,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Casual Casshern,The game itself is okay enough.But if you aren't a masochist or autistic than you will probably find the controller functionality for this game to be autistic as ♥♥♥♥.Seriously whoever was in charge of controller functionality for this game must be ****ing autistic and should stay the **** away from any game development in the future...P.S. I've been holding the (a) button on my controller the whole time while posting this and I'm still not sprinting!!Absolutely a disgrace
76561197985248495,Not Recommended,265300,22454005,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Mateba,"This is one of those times I wish Steam had a ""maybe"" button.I havent played any Dark Souls games so I cant compare this to them, but let me start with the positive: Fantastic environment, fun fights, great sound and music, some of the coolest looking bosses I ever seen in any game.And the neutral: Weak but ok story, some fights more challenging than others, no map to show where to go next, hard to see and find levers, no feelings for the protagonist cause it was like ""here you are, the badest looking and best warrior ever, now go do stuff"".Lastly the negative: the controllers were not the best but my biggest problem was the camera, I had to set mouse sensitivity to zero but still with the slightest of movement the camera would shoot of in the direction I was turning, mostly straight up or down and this ruined a lot of the gameplay for my part.So I have too look at positive and negative things, because of that I have to give this a ""not recommended"" cause there was more bad than good here but only slightly, when this game is on sale I would recommend buying it but not as the price is now."
,Not Recommended,265300,19659824,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SiX,"I can't recommend this game in it's current state.It seems to really -want- to be a souls game, or to be a spiritual successor, but the design choices (Having all of the stats shown mean next to nothing when there is nothing to compare it against, few stat descriptions, and spells being difficult to actually use in any effective way, let's say you use a AOE healling spell that's supposed to heal you over time, and it decides to do nothing this time.)It's still got bugs, optimization is nigh non-existant, Weird mechanics that just feel out of place(The gauntlet), and I can't bring myself to actually play this game.I bought this game last year, during the steam holiday sale, and it's gotten about 6 updates since, not including the ""DLC"" that this game packs. I wanted to start fresh, and give this game a real chance, but it doesn't hold up.Go buy Darksouls 2: Scholar of the first sin, it's the same price and a better game to boot, or buy Darksouls: prepare to die edition, it's $19.99."
,Not Recommended,265300,19366830,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Monges_O,"Vazn anceq, lavy chi"
,Not Recommended,265300,31142470,Posted: 14 April,all,Dem0nFlare,"I keep trying and trying, but its just so hard to get intoo. If you really like dark souls and are bored of it, mybe its for you, but maybe not."
76561197999682593,Recommended,265300,14083315,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,BlackTieHitman,best dead souls rip-off ever. not in a bad way.
76561197973080661,Not Recommended,265300,33824706,Posted: 26 July,all,coondawg,Might be a great game and a great story but I'll never know because I can't get past 3rd boss.  Even knowing the secret.  Games are supposed to be fun and playable.  This one isn't
,Not Recommended,265300,34175536,Posted: 11 August,all,Mr Scratch,I made a mistake and gave this game a chance. Combat is so bad it kills the game completely.
,Recommended,265300,22833671,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Crueler,"Was pretty good although it felt a bit slow paced.Kind of a short game with around 10 Bosses, and a few of them back to back."
76561198070735090,Recommended,265300,12795070,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,JesseFresh,"If you are looking for an honest opinion on Lords of the Fallen without it being compared to Dark Souls, and judging it as an individual game, then here you go. Lords of the Fallen is a good game on its own. The character model is pretty nice to look at as far as textures and mapping goes, and the combat is very satisfying once you get the hang of it. You will find yourself getting seriously annoyed when the game crashes to desktop, not just because you paid good money for a broken product (at the time of this review), but also because you don't want to stop playing and the crashing forces you to do just that. If you like RPG's, or action adventure games, you will enjoy yourself (when you aren't crashing to desktop)."
,Not Recommended,265300,23062113,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Jollyroger,"While far from terrible, this game does suffer from a lack of originality in design. Graphics are great, but it does unfortunately feel like a slow motion Dark Souls game. The voice acting doesn't help either."
76561197981847235,Recommended,265300,23539906,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,n30n,good  world
76561198026352710,Not Recommended,265300,21365000,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Xisled,"Pros:-Grahpics were amazing-Look and weapons, gear, and environment are incredible-Gameplay was spot on and versitalCons:-Story felt pushed and required effort-Boss battles were nothing more than swarms of enemies-Camera hates youWhile the cons are not to much to whine on about, boss battles were the last straw for me. I loved everything about this game and would continue to play if it weren't for that. I'm a huge Dark Souls fan, but the bosses in this game aren't hard, they just suck up time and require you to spend most of the match just dodging around. If you don't mind trying to take on heavy hitters that spawn four to five mobs, then it's your game. As for me tho, not a fan of it. Instead of a cool boss that makes you think and work, they gave you a boss that just requires you to spend time and effort in crowd control and potion management. Felt like a wana be RTS. But at the end of the day, the game is amazing."
76561198134437913,Recommended,265300,13369430,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Alarc,"i love this game, i actually like it more than darksouls2..my only problem with it its too short..i hope they make a second one."
76561198038656241,Recommended,265300,13384915,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Kitticus,"Game is great for any fan of the Souls series. cant wait to see what these guys do next! kinda cookie cutter from the Souls series, but thats not a bad thing this game is fun as hell; and with no stupid invaders :P"
76561198034624383,Recommended,265300,13372763,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,ctrbosw,"I have never played any of the Dark Souls Games so I cant give a comparison to those, however I believe this game to be a real gem. I am loving the combat and how heavy the weapons feel as well as the armor. The class system seem basic but still very enjoyable. No crashes on a GTX 660TI."
,Not Recommended,265300,27733532,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,🅰🅳🅼🅸🅽  𝕂𝕽,"Not what I spected, pretty difficult control of movement and camera"
76561197972412267,Not Recommended,265300,28158402,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,RatchetMan,"I bought this on a steam sale and I'm regretting it now. The controls for the game are pretty poor and unresponsive. There are foes twice my size zipping around while I seem to shuffle like an old man. I push the button to block with my shield in plenty of time but it takes a good second for the game to actually do it, in which time I'm dead. This is one to avoid - don't bother - even if it's on sale for .99c"
,Recommended,265300,12691401,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,RiceCrustyTreat,If you like dark souls youll like this games...
76561198059472258,Not Recommended,265300,13477982,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,[CGO] Touchmeimfluffy,"Love the game but the boss ""Beast"" is glitched and will never die so i can never progress through the game. Seeing as how severe of a glitch that is, 0/10. Don't buy, get Dark Souls instead."
76561197987791260,Not Recommended,265300,12686964,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,CH@S3R,"UPDATED (see below)The good:1. Graphics: in short, it looks awesome! Really a good looking game with spectacular video effects.2. Sound: nice and immersive sound that really makes me proud of having a sound card.3. Level design: the game world is so intricate that you will literally get lost from time to time.The bad:1. Optimization/bugs: 40 minutes into the game => crashTwo hours into the game => very bad FPS, restart or crashAfter reaching the next major location in the game I got 3 crashes in one hour.Some video settings occasionaly get reset to default (vertical sync and post processing are most common).Post processing enables a filter that makes the game look like you need 3D glasses (red and blue) when looking at the edges of objects that are not in the center of the screen. Very weird...2. Control: no matter if you use a mouse + keyboard or a controller, you are bound to look like a chump from time to time due to the awkward control scheme with either funny results or great frustration for missing a spell or a dodge.Trying to dodge forward while sprinting makes the character jump and then roll. This is the most useless and anti-enjoyment thing ever, IMHO. Who in this world makes a control scheme that has two simultaneous actions at one button press ?3. Gameplay: the collisions are dubious at best, sometimes ""catching"" a corner when running or dodging, stopping you dead in your tracks.Also, the invisible collisions prevent the lock on enemies unless a clear path is between you and them (can't lock on an enemy through jail bars, for example).Selective gravity... this is a bummer. I push an enemy from a ledge, nothing happens to him but if I fall the same way I lose hp. Really, developers ?!Enemy balancing issues... another big bummer. The ""small"" enemies are tougher than the area bosses. You can whistle your way through a boss fight only to die when a leprechaun kicks your butt with a toothpick.Overall a Dark Souls clone that tries to make the progress difficult in a dubious manner, at the expense of good gameplay.10/10 for sound and graphics7/10 for gameplayUPDATE:OK, my initial review was a little too harsh so after two more hours into the game I'm starting to get the hang of it.Initially I reviewed it from a Dark Souls player's perspective, having played DS1 and DS2 + all DLC's multiple times and... well... it's different, I'll give you that!Unlike the above mentioned games, Lotf seems to want to have the player to use all the things at his disposal in order to advance and have success.Without any spoilers, I have to say that choosing any class and trying to play it in a preset manner (say that you want to go full big axe melee) is pretty much a no-no. You have to become versatile in order to do well.How you manage that it's entirely up to you. Just bear in mind that you need to play the game how the developers imagined it and now how you want.The gameplay score was changed from the 5 to a 7 and I can say that it starts to look better the more I play it.Oh, one more thing. Make sure you have more than 8gb of RAM in your PC.It says that 8gb is recommended, but you need to give the game almost 8gb and not have Windows chew 1gb and the background programs another 1.Note: Do not change the controls and then press Escape once and then click on Resume. You will end up on a blackscreen. Tested and it's 3 out of 3 so far... consider yourselves warned.All right... completed the game.Another big drawback is the cheap difficulty added to the final boss.I ploughed through the game using magic, even got the 'zero damage in a boss fight' achievement in the second last boss, only to find that the last one is immune to magic...So the last battle was fought in melee only, with my character molded to magic. Lucky for the exploration and getting some useful stuff and thanks to the lack of merchant so that I couldn't sell it...Anyway, I keep my review and do not recommend this game.Sure, it's fun at times and the graphics and sound are fantastic, but that's about it. I can't ignore the fact that it looks like the developers cut some corners in the design.Also, true to its behavior, at the end I watched a nice cinematic, the credits and pressed the Quit button.Well... crash!"
76561198020085437,Recommended,265300,12683032,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Nokzen,"Awesome game :)Saved up a lot of my xp, and died twice and lost it all! great! :phttp://youtu.be/mhReor4MRtg"
76561198030746271,Recommended,265300,12691483,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Tegga21,"Its different from dark souls, as good as dark souls.  Great exploring, challenging an easy to die.  Like some mechanics better than DS don't like others. Overall this is nearly as good. Well worth the 2 copies I bought @ 50usd each for a stellar dev's first game.SEQUELS PLZ"
76561198095834635,Not Recommended,265300,12737536,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Dread,"For one. Don't sit there and tell me this game is SIMILAR to dark souls.  It's not. Because dark souls wasn't a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that relied on good looks to make it a good game.1.  Beyond slow gameplay.  Like, painstakingly slow.  I can't ♥♥♥♥ing stand it.2.  Enemy tracking. Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me on this one? So, im gonna roll around and you're going to do a lightning 180turn around and hit me? ♥♥♥♥ that.  And don't sit there and think 'ohh hurr durr you just suck' no ♥♥♥♥ you.  This happens constantly in this game.3.  The story. Oh. Wait. That's right, this game is just a poster child for console games to make them look good, so there is no story.4.  The poise syatem.  Dark souls did this right.  You could get hit and suffer a huge stamina loss.  In LOTF you get sent flying 300538 feet backif you are in anything in heavy armor or a warrior.Im just saying, if you like dark souls, then just play dark souls.  This is not a pc game, it's nothing more than a showgame for next gen consoles to show what they can do, which isnt much, especially if you look at the ATROCIOUS talking animations/ movemts in cutscenes.Stick with dark souls.  People hyping this game are obviously new to the genre and can't recognze a poster game when they see one."
,Not Recommended,265300,12695689,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,"I cannot recommend this game in the state it is at this moment, until they improve the performance of the engine this game cannot be recommended. Example of the poor performance: after loading into the game(the loading screen has completed) you have to wait 30 sec - 2 min before it is playable and for a game like this fast response is necessary to a smooth experience.Update: Now the crashes have started, and b/c of the way the game is geared towards ""difficulty"" you lose all your progress when you crash, so yea it is DIFFICULT to RUN."
76561198080542151,Not Recommended,265300,12758061,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Clarence Boddicker 0.07%,"Could be a great experience, unfortunately it's the most broken game I have ever played. Devs had no right releasing a game in this state, there's simply no excuse. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL IT HAS BEEN FIXED!!"
76561198091951951,Not Recommended,265300,12686458,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Odesius,"Beware this game crashes constantly and because the way the game uses checkpoints to save progress you will be replaying sections over and over again to get back to where you were. I love the games atmosphere, mechanics, and feel but unfortunately it not really playable in its current state. I really hope the developers are putting a rush on a hot fix because it has lots of potential to be a really good game. I can't recommend this game as it stands right now."
76561198014850745,Not Recommended,265300,12755138,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,DemunGod,"Well I took a chance at buying this hoping I would like it and I ended up not liking it.  Thats the name of the game, u win some u lose some.I tried and played it till I got to the first boss and then gave up and stopped playing it.  I didnt like it because the fighting, dodging, and blocking felt really sluggishly slow.  It seemed like when u dodged it took him like 3 seconds to roll and then 2 more seconds to stand back up and get in a ready position and by that time the enemy hits u lol.  It felt alittle like dark souls 2 ( another game i bought as a chance and didnt like).  The graphics are pretty decent but the voice acting wasnt that great in my opinion.  I was expecting this to be like a shadow of mordor (fast fighting style) or more like The Witcher 2 (which has the best fighting in any game).So with all of these and my personal liking I would rate this a 4/10 mainly because of the slow fighting style, was way too slow for my taste."
,Not Recommended,265300,12757459,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lord Central Buttcrease,Crashes 75% of the time when I change equipment.
,Recommended,265300,12673063,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,joshua99911,"Ok, firstly crashed the first time i launched it, other then that fairly stable.Secondly, i know ive only played for around 32 minutes, but in that time i've already managed to kill the first boss, leaving me wondering if it's not as hard as i thought, or if that was done on perpose.Otherwise good stuff and im really enjoying it so far."
76561198053129007,Recommended,265300,12674302,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,MaJoNesbø,"In case you haven't read other reviews: the game seems to crash a lot, though I'm fortunate to not have that problem. So be aware if you're going to buy.Otherwise, as a Dark Souls fan, I really like this game. So far I've only played as a rogue, and it's quite the challenge. I have to approach each encounter with caution and figure out what kind of tactics work against which enemies. It feels almost more tactical than Dark Souls, though not as difficult. As a rogue I find myself using parries, backstabs and combos more than I propably would as a more heavy hitting class. Every swing of the dagger counts and every dodge must be thought through.The bosses I've fought so far are enjoyable to fight, but not really that hard once you figure out how to avoid their attacks and when to attack. By the way, dodging into overheads in this game is a baaaaad idea, I died a couple of times because I was used to doing it in Dark Souls.Overall the gameplay is great, I don't really care about the artstyle, story etc., gameplay is the reason I got this game. A lot of Souls fans seem to view this game as some sort of threat to the Souls games, personally I'm just happy to see more games adopt the Souls combat system.A lot of people will hate this game because it either is too similar to Souls or too dissimilar to Souls. But if you're a Souls fan and think you'll enjoy this game, chances are great that you will. If you haven't played the Souls games yet, this could very well be the gateway drug for you."
76561197986909719,Not Recommended,265300,12706841,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Dr. Nossman,"Controls are somewhat fumbly/dont respond. Framerates outside stay at 30ish, inside jump to 60. Settings on ""max"", not ultra(770 4gb, 4.0 oct core, 16 GB of ram).Can't even customize controller buttons, 2 sets, thats all you get(not sure about keyboard)I will beat the game, but after that I need to go run around in dark souls and actually play it.Decent game, but overpriced for whats brought to the table. 6/10"
76561198069248450,Not Recommended,265300,13590035,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,The_El1te,"Game is made like dark soul but even better graphics and better gameplay but only problem is some areas are still full of bugs and game crashes in those areas no matter how much one tries to get pass it. For example the conversation with Adyr is still bugged and getting carshed everytime it starts. Developer has to fix this or one would ask for refund.In short version, A beautifully developed game but still crashes and almost unplayable at some points so annoying that I left playing it because it crashes all the time. I say wait till all the problems are solved then buy. Right now its just waste of money on this game."
,Recommended,265300,12674990,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Tilo,"The gameplay itself is very nice. There are indeed quite a few bugs and issues such as a wonky camera movement here and there. If you are looking for something to pass the time until BloodBorne comes out, this might be what you are looking for.P.S. If you switch your weapons in front of walls that have cracks on them that look as though they can be broken, you will phase through them."
,Not Recommended,265300,13464728,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Engy,"Constant crashing.  Would be fine otherwise.   If they fix it, I will change my recommendation."
76561197970350774,Not Recommended,265300,31207759,Posted: 17 April,all,Metso,It's like playing a souls game underwater. It gets really frustrating and actually made me feel nauseous after 1 hour of gameplay.
,Recommended,265300,33386239,Posted: 8 July,all,Paradise Destructor,Better than Dark Souls in almost every aspect.
,Not Recommended,265300,13170920,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mymothersmeatloaf,"There was no option for a yes and no answer so I'll just put a no to save the people considering this game the trouble.I'm not hating on it because it is a souls clone, considering the fact that within the couple hours playing I have enjoyed it a bit, these are just problems that stand out.In it's current state, it is very playable, yes, but the amount of issues with the game itself make it hard to even begin where to start, I have not had any crashing, yes I've had rediculous amounts of framerate issues and optimization issues but that is the least of the troubles.To begin with, I have played dark souls 1 & 2 and yes I have beaten them both, numerous times at that, at least a couple hundred hours worth, the bosses in those games were fun, interesting, and very difficult at that, but every encounter you had with a boss made you begin to learn it's tactics, strategies and attack patterns whilst also taking the amount of damage you make into account with your stats while fighting the boss. Lords of the fallen feels like it has a set damage for all the bosses, which makes almost all the bosses entirely annoying, repetitive and pretty boring to have to fight over and over again unlike souls bosses which sometimes make you want to fight them again. The attacks the bosses make also feel very forced and similar to each other with only a few new attacks obviously setting them apart from eachother. Most bosses will sometimes summon enemies to help them fight you, which can get really annoying really fast considering 90% of the enemies I have encountered do nothing but spam their shield over and over, which brings me to another issue, blocking enemies.You're going to see me comparing tihs game with souls games a lot. Mostly because the games are blatantly similar. In souls games it was possible to shield bash and even break an enemies gaurd by kicking them or by pushing them in dark souls 2. This made fighting enemies with shields very doable and balanced out the annoying hollows with spears enemies that you would encounter mostly during the beggining of both the games. LOTF has gaurd break options, but the stun lasts so shortly that it makes it damn near impossible for you to even get a single hit in to the enemies. the enemies with shields are so game breaking that the only options you have are to parry/backstab fish the hell out of them, or run into them constantly and hope you don't get hit while dishing out a few good solid hits.Story -While I'm somebody who doesn't really care much for story in games I will say the game's is pretty mediocre/cliche at best.Optimization issues -While I haven't had any real problems with the game crashing or anything like that, I had been experiencing a lot of fps lag which makes fighting extremely difficult, now, my system meets the system requirements more than it should, I'm able to play it on high as my settings defaulted to that, but it uses a lot of experimental technology which makes it hard to run on systems which are more than enough to play the game.If you can get past ALL of these problems I think you will see the good in the game, but for me, until these issues are resolved I think I'll be sticking with the souls series for now."
76561198069991539,Not Recommended,265300,12973658,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Jack Burton,"Great Music, good atomsphere but the game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥port that runs like a old lady with no legs! ♥♥♥♥ dont waste your time...i run a expensive computer and still has issues! i would avoid this title DUE TO LACK OF STABILITY!..."
,Not Recommended,265300,33661860,Posted: 19 July,all,Arch_Man,Best part about this game?  I bought it for 5 dollars.  Still feel cheated.  Its 2016/17 and I do not understand how games can be released that STILL do not know how to have a functioning camera.  5 dollars was to much to spend on this game.  Trash.
,Not Recommended,265300,33203228,Posted: 3 July,all,Fish,All the Cliches of Western RPGs wearing Dark Soul's face flesh as a mask
76561198013441696,Not Recommended,265300,21927558,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Nintendo Nerd Lord,Today ı just downloaded the game and hoped play and what ı just see these letters s□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□ıf ı manage to find fix thıs □□□□ ıssue ı bet %100 ıt will be crash as the most players live this thing also ...buy whıt your caution
,Not Recommended,265300,12679531,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,DarkMellie,"For now, Lords of the Fallen is just one crash after another.Hoping to enjoy it one day, but will have to update this once it's stable. For now, save your money.2015 UPDATE: After reinstalling for the fourth time, the game still constantly crashes and none of the suggested fixes work. Forget it, I'm done."
76561198007272222,Not Recommended,265300,13548284,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Jambo,I do not recemend this game died twice on the first boss you charictor is slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥when attacking and lifting his shield so all in if you dont have a clue you will die on the first enamey my thort is not worth the stress pist me off so meny time`s i gave up.
,Not Recommended,265300,13587216,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,IroyC,"Except for you know, crashing your game, destroying your resources, crashing your PC, destroying your hardware, especially SSD's because the game likes to overwrite everything every 10 seconds, the game is a perfectly fine example of concentrated cancer.I ain't typing my review again so here's a review in the form of a reply I made:I bought it, I don't even know why anymore.It's nothing more then a WoW-esque high fantasy plate mail paradise, which is pretty cool if the game was anything more then that.Even the weapons are awful, greatswords have a literal 4 second wind up.The enemies/weapons/everything are boring and repetitive, and the bosses are worse. Bosses are nothing more then wait for his 4 different moves which he'll do in the same order every time, and if it's an up close attack he'll follow you for 15 minutes if needs be to do it, and then you swing once or twice.Regular enemies are nothing more then stun them and 2 hit them.Everything feels clunky, movesets suck, movement sucks, NPC's suck but they're ♥♥♥♥ing following you around no problem through the most boring and bland WoW rip off version of Hell I've ever seen while they're supposed to be incompetent♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ enemies suck, weapons suck, level design sucks, enemy design sucks, story sucks, EVERYTHING. EVERYTHING EXCEPT ARMOR DESIGN, SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥♥Well maybe magic because I haven't really tried that or Dex. But it doesn't look good. Because of course, you're forced to get a magic gauntlet so you can shoot 3 different magic guns, which are nothing more then a grenade launcher, a revolver and a shotgun esque blast.And I know Dex will suck♥♥♥♥♥♥as everything does, because rolling in this game doesn't feel right. You get the stupid shaky camera and a roll that isn't far enough, doesn't respond fast enough and is completely useless.The game almost forces you to use a great shield because despite the ♥♥♥♥ing armor you'll still get squashed by a boss, because you can't roll for♥♥♥♥♥♥either and blocking with a weapon is ♥♥♥♥ing useless.So if you, like me, thought you could buy this game to get yourself a big♥♥♥♥♥2 handed ultra great sword and become a walking tank, you can't."
76561198044291624,Not Recommended,265300,12850785,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Bass God,"I really wanted to like this game. I loved Dark Souls and so anything close to that style of game can easily pique my interest. Unfortunately I just found way too many unsavory aspects to this game to  be able to continue playing. This game's entire concept is fighting. Attack combos, countering, parries, etc. I found that the combat in this game however was largely lackluster. Everything must be fair. If you die your reaction shouldn't be ""WTF, thats stupid."" it should be more like ""Damn, I was impatient and didn't block when I should have."" You don't want to feel robbed every time you die. The majority of my deaths seemed to be the former. Some monsters just don't seem to have been optimally programmed. One monster in particular is one of the first monsters you will encounter. I'm not sure if it's intended to be a parry or what but he will hit you with his shield and immediately (looks glitchy) hit with his sword doing 100% hp. I honestly don't believe that was intended but this just one example of some of the awkward combat situations in this game. The timing window for weapon combos/parries are just too difficult to pull off (maybe it's just some weapons). The easiest of enemies will gip you out of a fight. Playing this game made me appreciate Dark Souls on a whole new level. Realizing that the timing of the enemy attacks along with your own were nearly perfect. TL;DR the combat in this game can be down right enfuriating. Most enemies get the jump on you, giving you even more of a disadvantage. Not to mention text typos, floating combat damage text that have a valid reason. This game isn't worth more than 15 dollars (I feel robbed). Even if it were $15 it wouldn't be worth the time playing it. It's too bad because some of the ideas were seemingly interesting and if done right would have made for intruiging character development but with gimpy combat it all goes out the window. Best case scenario, they have a major fix to all these bugs but that isn't going to happen. Best idea is to just move on."
,Not Recommended,265300,13421690,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Rouge Knight,crash game with 780ti why
,Not Recommended,265300,13469893,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,H@t3d,"this is probably the worst game i have played this year , i bought it at iscounted price and i feel i really overpaid, its not worth few pounds, its slow and repetitive, i tried to force myself to play it just because i paid for it but cant....dont waste your time on it.."
,Not Recommended,265300,13555640,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,{7~11} Risin_Against,"If you want a game where you can't kill enemy with a shield then this is the game for you. Got past 2nd boss pretty easy untill the normal mobs kill you. Infact the game ""its a wipe"" is better then this game!"
,Not Recommended,265300,12851076,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Demonic Aura,I think i have crashed more in this game than all the rest i have played put together. The game is ok but a bit samey and gets old quick. i would say it is a ok time filler but the tech issues are a deal breaker for me.
76561198028306564,Not Recommended,265300,13417405,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Iestynn O'Brauchain,♥♥♥♥ this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.
,Not Recommended,265300,13280637,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,YA BOY BARKO,"Painful, in every way except goodI want to start by saying, with the help of a trainer at intervals, dark souls was an incredibly challenging game; challenging but fair (except the parts where everyone needed that trainer). it had its own aesthetic, an expansive world from the get-go, and it didn't urge players through a starw, players had toplayto get their gratification. While the story was something you had to get an archaeology degree and dig for, it didn't try to be anything too complex so as to confuse or disappoint players. Finally, its graphics, while seeming primitve, were cleverly introduced to allow for maximum playability.this game is none of that. This is a knockoff of dark souls that doesn't live up to its master in any way shape or form?Own lore and theme? that'd be fantastic if it got past generic humans vs. demons fantasy world (which, considering the trash on the greenlight, has been done thousands of times, withgenericbeing a main factor)Expansive world? its as linear as it gets. it advertises multiple solutions to one scenario, which is a downright lie. on top of that, you're thrown into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ boss battle before you've even managed to fight enemies that arentliterally defenseless sacks of cancerand this oh so in depth story? nope? here's a bunch of characters you will never associate with, enjoy. go kill things, or rather, be killed by them.and as for graphics, well, everyone speaks for themselves. this is a game literally deigned for the computer I'm using.I AM GETTING 12 FPS ON THE COMPUTER THIS GAME WAS MADE FOR.TWELVETHe gameplay itself is absoultely dismal. its main claim to fame is to be grueling, like dark souls, where the player must face a thousand failures before victory, and while this is true, unlike dark souls, there is no gratification for said victory, because you generally either won it by fluke or just by using some sort of safe dominant strategy, (which, considering the broken, slow roll, is more than justified) on top of that, the story is simply: bad thing kill thing.not find four souls of an ancient prophet, a Super spider, a living, walking graveyard, and a powerful king to beome the most powerful in the land.this game is bad, if you want fun, dark souls is your friend."
76561198087267464,Not Recommended,265300,13475892,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ewilk,"Game is unplayable.  Freezes and crashes within the first 30 seconds, in the same spot, every time.  The minute you hit the Evasion ""tutorial"" after the 1st or 2nd scene. This game looks awesome.  Was really excited for it too."
76561197969106736,Not Recommended,265300,13567805,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,✪ Bni,"Don'ty buy that game. They only worked on graphics but the game play is bad. difficulty changes all the time, you don't understand why, you have to kill the same enemies again and again to lvl up nad get enought skills to go farther in the game. This is a good example of what gamers don't want to play in 2015. You are warned"
,Not Recommended,265300,13592733,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DrQuandary,12/25 Crashing randomly during gameplay. i5 4690k GTX 970.
,Not Recommended,265300,34101128,Posted: 8 August,all,T3H CRIMSON FCKER,"It's just like Ds2 but worse. The same clunky feeling, the same slowness and ""reality"" to every single action. However, as much as I don't like that, it does feel at place here, unlike Dark Souls 2.In short, if you liked Dark Souls 2, and have not played any other souls game, you will love this."
76561197963060811,Not Recommended,265300,22349646,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,scias,"This game is a poor knock-off of the souls series.  The graphics are nice and the bosses do have a nice visual appeal, but the combat is clunky and stiff.  Moving around as harkyn feels like you are constantly trugding through water.  Most of the enemies are extremely simple and can be defeated by just baiting the same attack.   They story makes little sense, and the NPCs are mostly annoying.  Overall this game is not really worth your time unless you really like souls-like games and are ok with unpolished combat."
,Not Recommended,265300,14538297,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,zero,This is a piece of crap don't waste your money. it is not worth it.
76561198194686327,Not Recommended,265300,26348656,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Shruzikan,"At first glance, this looks like a good Dark Souls clone.No, no, nope.I'll just start listing things.Any weapon 2-handed is as slow as my internet.The only useable weapons were the rogue's daggers.Dodging is very static, and your hitbox doesn't seem to change, so you may as well just walk instead of wasting the stamina.The whole leveling system is completely unexplained, and I ended up wasting my first bit of exp on something I don't even know.Accessing all of your equip slots is awful too. The d-pad is useless there.Gruffy McGruffGruff.Staggering. Only you and the trash mobs get staggered.Hitboxes. Far worse than Dark Souls (which should be the bare minimum, because those can be pretty bad at times).Stunlock. I hated this about DS3, but in this game, I was stunlocked for SECONDS after being hit.Shields. Don't work for you, and based on what other people have said (I couldn't even make it to that point), the enemies that have them take forever to fight.Gauntlets. I fired a shot with the lowest sp consumption and didn't have enough for another one.Lag. I had to play the game on the lowest settings to get that gone. And my computer is more than capable of handling any game on at least medium settings (assuming they're optimized properly).Shields! OPAF for enemies, more worthless than a bare fist for you.Enemy movement. Ridiculously predictable AI.Enemy movement. Just bad.I can't run unless I use the a button for dodging. Extremely poor controls.Linear. Linear. Linear as a line.I don't even know. I'm watching tv right now, so I'm too bored to say anything else."
,Not Recommended,265300,19285929,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Jamrock,"it s just a garbage, please dont waste your money"
76561198019860024,Not Recommended,265300,19923877,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Tokarun,"The cruddy version of Dark souls, more often than not I find myself being struck by bosses not because I made a mistake, but because of visual nonsense such as glitching forward, being struck by nothing, or in some cases my character simply decides he wants to hang around for a bit rather than dodging an attack for no reason other than he feels bad for striking the boss and wants to give him a free strike to make up for it.If you don't mind all that I do recommend buying it, but be wary of the fact that it may act a bit silly at times."
,Not Recommended,265300,26564427,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,DevilHaven,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!! IT IS A BROKEN PIECE OF JUNK!!!!!
,Not Recommended,265300,19968226,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,hadati,"Tried it. Returned it. Not recommended.It isn't obvious watching the YouTube gameplay videos just how slow the character moves. If you're a hack and slash fan like me (Diablo, torchlight 2) the ultra-slow, trapped in molasses character movement in this game will make you regret purchasing. This game is more for Dark Souls fans that appreciate agonizingly-slow combat."
,Not Recommended,265300,31095916,Posted: 12 April,all,Nuckalovski,Game doesn't even launch for me without crashing.
,Not Recommended,265300,13442683,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Copperhead,Fun gameNot so fun crashes
76561198041559647,Recommended,265300,13286336,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Neker,"The game is short, but not very. If Dark souls 1 and 2 were each the lenght of the Game of Thrones serial, then LoTF is the lenght of the 3 first LOTR films. Only 2 main locations, but interresting gameplay. I consider this game as an evidence of the beginning of a new ""janre/gyanra""(Fah, i dont know) of games, gamers and Video game evolution.Gameplay: 6 of 6Graphics: 2 of 3Atmosphere: 0,5 of 2Story/Lore: 3 of 4Loot: 2 of 3Difficulty fairness:3 of 4Special (OOOH, THE ONE AND ONLYHY!): 1 of 2Bugs: 3 of 4 (4 means no at all/0 means its worse than Daggerfall(also known as buggerfall)DLC: 0 of 2TOTALY: 20,5 of 30"
,Not Recommended,265300,20024922,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Krackin Lackin,"Hated it, not for the casual gamer who uses gaming to relax after work. Well in my opinion. Easy to get frustrated as progress in this game is slow. Got my money back from steam and put that money towards another game and happy I did that."
,Not Recommended,265300,22109559,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Rock On ♪,"i bought this with a BIG hope i thought it must be great BUT...this game just will make you angry and sad.you have to waste your time for kill a peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥(A normal Creature)more than 2hrStory was good but you will forget the story cuz you have to try for kill a boss days and days...I can't say don't buy it cuz I still love the game cuz of harkyn(main character)but I'm sure you will think why they made it like this,so slow and very very hard"
76561198056686021,Not Recommended,265300,17153837,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,norsebloodaxe,horrible
,Not Recommended,265300,33722805,Posted: 22 July,all,Filp,sluggish and unresponsive
,Not Recommended,265300,33676435,Posted: 20 July,all,bigtickettyson,"at 7 dollars, yes i would definintely recommend this game. I got my money's worth in fun for sure. At full price of 33 dollars, HELL NO!i love the combat! i found the slow technical fighting style made the victories far more rewarding when even a miss step on a regular enemy could cost a lot of life and a boss fight can take 20 minutes or more and multiple tries. the game makes dodge and parry are necessary. you cant just stand with a shield up like a lot of games, this forces you to be more active. the fighting just feels involving and keeps you on your toes.now the bad-first off i should mention this game is absolutely outrageous with crashes. i cant belive a full version game can be so bad. it literally pushed my computer to BSOD a couple of times and just crashed the game a  million other times. and its not just me. on google its pretty common consensus that lords of the fallen will crash. this wouldnt bother me that much except the saving system requires you to make it to a checkpoint to both save your progress, your loot, and worst of all, your experience. so after looting and gaining 10 levels and the game crashes leaving you 1 hour behind on your progress it can be insanely frustrating like playing pokemon for 3 hours to have your battery die lol-*this may be preference* there is three movement speeds based on what percentage your equipped gear is of your total weight. the first two are good. but i feel like getting into the last percentage makes you so unbelievably slow that it would never be a considerable option. and the heavier weapons like axes and hammers feel so stupidly slow! so slow it should one shot anything right? but they dont.. maybe like twice as much as a dagger.. lol am i using them wrong? maybe. but that is how i feel. take it as you will.-the game is a one time playthrough for sure and you might not even make one playthrough without getting bored. you find certain loot in certain chests. you have one path to go and one objective. and even though enemies consistently get harder and change, they feel mostly like the exact same enemies with the exact same move set requiring the exact same dodge and parry timing. the bosses are really the only unique enemies."
76561198097082508,Not Recommended,265300,26071321,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Lightning,"Very good graphics, but way to complicated interface and the camera angle keeps annoying you from enjoying the game"
76561198068554917,Recommended,265300,12675610,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Pin_Tao,"It's pretty awesome, no doubt buying it, worth a try."
76561198052196977,Not Recommended,265300,24104212,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,kayors,Practically useless... unable to start after purchase
76561198059857882,Not Recommended,265300,13464343,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,AssJackal,"Point blank, the game is pretty, it plays a bit like dark souls. But it doesn't have the finesse.So, this won't be as in depth as some of the others, im going to summarize this real quickly .-The game plays like dark souls, sure. It's got the same elements of opponet watching, mimicing, and destroying. Sheild up, dodge, back stab, slash, bash, its got it all. However, i have found that our bad boy protaganist moves like a shack of♥♥♥♥♥♥weighed down with bricks. It feels like it was sloppy work to include a dodge mechanic that has a dead zone after more then two consecutive hits. i have easily made my bread and butter in the souls game, slapping away and dodgeing before my balls were served to me on a platter. This however, had me hitting the a button at least 2-3 times during a supposed dodge moment, only to have my character slapped around. its frustrating and sloppy to build this kind of game and not have things on point, or punishing you for risking it to get the biscet.-It's pretty. On ultra, the game looks like an ultra game. The godrays and textures look great, and when you can take a minute from trying not to lose your lunch spinning around trying to smack a guy who is animation-ing through you, its a good game to look at,-All in all the game is good, i don't reccomend it because DS2 is 10 bucks right now i think and a much more polished experience. The story here is lack luster at best, and what ever existance of lipsynching there was is none existent after about 20 minutes in. Moral of the story, go get dark souls. its an okay game, but not worth the 25."
76561198022665307,Not Recommended,265300,12839682,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,phoenix14,"If I could rate this game any were from 1-10 I would rate it 1, why? Because I have been completely unable to play the game. I have waited 2 weeks to write this review in the hopes they would patch the game and make it playable. But seeing as how I still cannot get past the intro loeading screen I cannot recommened this game to anyone at this moment because even people with stronger rigs may experience game breaking issues similar to mine. I dont know how game developers get away with selling broken products my computer far in away surpasses the recommended requirements and I am still unable to play.I reserve the 1 rating for games that are so broken they are unplayable the only other time I rated a game this low was when X-Rebirth came out. If they ever ptach the game enough for me to play it I will revise my rating to something more appropriate."
,Not Recommended,265300,35095751,Posted: 20 September,all,Meierme176,"Dark Souls rip off that requires you to grind for xp just to pass the first level. There is almost no guidance when it comes to secondary quests, so you get lost quicly. I woudnt recommend this game even for the $5 I bought it for."
,Not Recommended,265300,13775429,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Shadow,Couldn't even play It. Until they fix the bug where your game doesn't crash when starting the game I'm not recommending this game. Complete waste of money. Steam Devs If you see this give me a refund. Such a disgrace................................Oh and even the good reviews are bad.
,Not Recommended,265300,19346826,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,chicken,8 minutes of play and refund requests. Worse controls I have yet to encounters. Quite porting ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console games to PC with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console controls for ♥♥♥♥s sake.
76561198038672668,Not Recommended,265300,22541062,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Dea,"Buy DS1 instead.Sloppy controls, and terrible lock on make this like playing DS2 with full second lag."
76561198019865101,Not Recommended,265300,22455123,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Nyck,"Poor souls replica, character is slow and cumbersome (i know it's not meant to be easy but a friend played as a rogue and moved like a heavy even with all the light gear). Plus it is so buggy, I had to copy and paste a code to get the game to work, then it crashed 3 times in the first hour of playing it"
76561197991465949,Recommended,265300,22531660,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Gagarin,For me better than DS)))
,Not Recommended,265300,22520800,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,SickB,"I went out of the Castle not knowing that there will be a Boss fight (The Beast). So my XP-Points lie out there now, i´m to weak (no, i will not fight this boss for 1 hour straight to beat him) and can´t get the XP back to use it and can´t farm because there is nothing. You can only go out to the Boss.So this is game over because you can´t do anything about it? Well done, i´m back to Dark Souls. Sadly you can´t gift away games. I would gladly give someone this ♥♥♥♥ game so it´s gone from my Library.De-installed and shoved into the Library ""To ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to care"". Bad game, do not buy it ever."
76561198130074753,Not Recommended,265300,26348474,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Jewkester,"Garbage. This game is garbage. It's a dark souls wannabe that fails to understand the reasons why that series is so great, and istead thinks that loading the levels full of frustrating enemies, moronic cameras, and painfully slow combat makes for a good game. Developers, you should be ashamed of yourslf. Your game is not fun. It does not feel rewarding. Best use of the Steam refund system I've ever had the pleasure of going through with.3/10 (becaue at least the music and visuals are nice)"
,Recommended,265300,19895540,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kalen,"Its dark souls for people who don't know how to play offline, and complain about invasions."
76561198145996450,Not Recommended,265300,28257229,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,"Max, the Spoon Pope","I am sorry for anyone who paid for this so called: game. Gameplay is boring, but decent, same with the story. But my god it is full of bugs, my personal favourite is when you acces the boss area, but you cant move, its even funnier when this happens 14 times after restarting the game... But this is only one of a lot of bugs that are occuring SO often that it makes this game horibble experience, at least for me. :("
76561198054475217,Not Recommended,265300,28100900,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,plittipatsch,played it for a while and really liked it.now it keeps crashing during a bossfight over and over so I can't progress anymore.Don't waste your money on this garbage.
76561198053717246,Not Recommended,265300,18763545,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,WeAreLegion,Not a fan of the difficulty. An hour in and I've made 0 progress.
,Not Recommended,265300,25272502,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Danney,Clunky and slow combat. All the enemies feels faster than your character. It just gets dull and boring.
,Recommended,265300,13176843,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kazaf,"To all those that kept crashing: Try going into the game option in steam and clear your cache, that's what stopped the crashing for me :)Now for the actual quick review (once the crashing stops, and played with a gamepad, which is a must for this game IMO) Using the following machine spec:i7 4820k16GB ramGTX770 x 2 SLIThis grants me 55~60fps indoor and around 45~60fps outdoor (vsync enabled)Pros:- Incredible character/armor/weapon/map graphic designs: Absolutely LOVE the styles, it is exactly what I wanted in a dark fantasy RPG game. The map textures are gorgeous and the weapons and armors all ""feels"" heavy and powerful, which brings me to the second point- Combat: The delay between pressing the attack button to the point of impact varies between weapon, giving it a much greater sense of realism and challenge, since you do have to time all your attacks and it varies from weapon to weapon. Along with the vibration from the gamepad, it really does make you feel like a freaking beast every time you smash that warhammer into the monsters' skulls. Although some find this to have slowed the combat down, personally I think it’s great since it’s something different to all the other combat games out there.- Level design: Now I know some people didn't like the maps because they think the areas didn't look ""different"" enough and the map is too confusing, but in honesty i think that was the point of it. This place is meant to look like a gigantic gothic maze that u might get lost in. The differences are distinct enough that u can tell the difference but subtle enough that u feel like everything is connected, i personally very much enjoyed the challenge it presents.- LOVE the varieties in weapon, not only do they look fantastic, but there's also a lot of it! As with all action RPG character building games, the loots are always what keep the game interesting. Could do with more armor sets though i think.Cons:- Lack of range weapon variety - you are stuck with the gauntlet that u picked up from the get-go, even though u can change the projectile type by switching out runes, is still a little annoying. Especially when comparing to the melee variety- The storyline is rather uninspiring. Definitely could do with better dialog options, and preferably more consequences depending on your action so u feel like u are actually making an impact to the game- Boss combat is too easy. When it comes to these kind of games, i fully expect to die at least 3~4 times in every boss fight, ripping my hair out, then finally getting the satisfaction of finally figuring out how to beat that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ down. Not really getting it here as the boss fights are rather easy.- Game is a little too short (I'm not done yet but I’m getting close i think), if they somehow manage to double the game length then it'll be absolutely perfectAll in all, as a fan of the DS series, I think this is an excellent game that was heavily inspired by its predecessor and did a great job doing it. If the game didn't crash so often like it does for many, I think the reviews would've been much, much more positive. I'm personally having an absolute blast smashing mobs with my warhammer while admiring how awesome my character looks, going to look forward to the DLC and hopefully (fingers crossed) a sequel to this fantastic game (without the crash bug this time)."
76561198078346236,Recommended,265300,13609171,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Jimmy T,"great graphics okay sturyline and immersive combat what more could you ask formy on,ly problem is the terrible lipsync in this game"
76561198007701657,Not Recommended,265300,30730005,Posted: 25 March,all,Goody Gumdrops,"DO NOT BUY!Great game, with a lot to offer. Shame it doesn't work.When you get to the 'Find Antanas and Kaslo' quest, the door to the Champion chamber doesn't open.Starting a new game doesn't work. Reinstalling the game doesn't work. Nothing works, and there a loads of forums with plenty of people complaining about the same issue.And by the time you realise the game is broken and you're not going any further, you'll have already spent hours grinding and leveling up, finding hidden items, and this isn't even 50% of the way into the game.Also, Steam will only offer you 50% of your money back, for a game that that's broken. WHAT A JOKE!! So you'll only end up paying for half of a game if you by this...Really a shame for such an enjoyable game to be so very very broken, and that Steam do not seem to care much that loyal custom is being treated so poorly.Such a shame..."
76561197994570674,Recommended,265300,12963821,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,HerHavuzun,Those 2-H weapons are so huge. Can't imagine to rest one on my shoulder. Think I played too much. Great game btw.
76561198133061391,Recommended,265300,12744918,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Sir Shark,can't even launch it though this may be my computer rather than the game itself just a precaution to take when buying the game it may crash immedietly
,Recommended,265300,17165611,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Garbage,"I bought this because of the bad moon rising trailer.A lot of performance issues at first, but when I got around them. 10/10."
76561198103354639,Recommended,265300,12673714,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,VladimirEternal<Crossout F YE>,Well did you missed first darksiders? what if u add abit of old diablo flavor to it? well now...You got this game !Dont read my review buy this game its awesome:)
,Not Recommended,265300,33059114,Posted: 30 June,all,RealLifePudding,"tl;dr: don't buy this game, buy dark souls instead.the game is horribly inconsistend. the enemies don't stagger and when they do they can instantly attack again, I can't do the same.the game is somewhat unresponsive.the world looks everywhere the same, they is no distinction in the areas, nothing memorable.the camera shake is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible and I get eye cancer from it.the character always takes off the headgear in cutscenes.some enemies don't adhere to their own movement speed and sometimes run away at light speed.arrows/bolts hit you, even when you are standing 90° next to the firing position.honestly, the only thing I like about this game is, that I can fight with a staff, that's a bout it.I played for 1 or 2 hours today and my eyes still hurt. Don't buy this game, even if it's on sale.buy dark souls instead."
,Recommended,265300,33918341,Posted: 30 July,all,L,Very good
,Recommended,265300,13202143,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,TankSmuggler,"Badass game. Better then Dark Souls. Its Gameplay dificulty level is on par with Dark Souls but its controls and mapping are far superior in every way. Good plot twist near the end of the game. Gameplay is fun, though slightly linear. However the stat and class system are pretty good. Best part is you dont have to play it with a controller like Dark Souls, you can use the mouse and keyboard!"
76561198031480866,Not Recommended,265300,33727995,Posted: 22 July,all,0x1,worth about .99 cents
,Not Recommended,265300,19508411,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Hadi,This game is no unbalanced and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i cant recommend it just ♥♥♥♥ing ditch it and go play dark souls.
,Not Recommended,265300,19421455,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ardoreal,"This game sucks, I hate it, and I'm refunding this stupid thing."
,Not Recommended,265300,22152825,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,™͌|Scope,"nice graphics, horrible control system.  Barely got through have of the first intro level and stopped playing.  The perfect game if you want to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off in 5 minutes."
,Not Recommended,265300,34532750,Posted: 27 August,all,Mia,Easily bored within the few minutes i played the game..The controls look clumsy...The AI keeps respawing even if i clear an area..this was very annoying...just did not like it at al...
76561197970028386,Not Recommended,265300,16537863,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ficki Facki eins zwei drei,"Langweilige Story , noch langweiligere Diaologe , noch langweiligeres Gameplay . Spieldynamik ist quasi gar nicht vorhanden. Der Protagonist führt sich wie nen Hefeklumpen und verhält sich lustigerweise auch genau so, wenn er wie der letzte Trottel gestikuliert . Während man bei Dark Souls immer aus eigener Schuld stirbt , kann hier zahllosen unpräzisen Ausfällen der Steuerung die Schuld gegegeben werden. Die Kamera ist einfach nur unflüssig ,  dazu hat man die Freude an unglaublichen 1000x Bugs die Minute und einen Schwierigkeitsgrad , der ähnlich wie bei vielen  Nintendo 64 Spielen,  ausschlißelich aus   der reinen Stümpferhaftigkeit der Entwickler hervorgeht, die es einfach nicht gerafft haben , ein flüssiges in sich stimmiges Spiel auf die Beine zu stellen.Ich finde es einfach nur unfassbar dass man dafür 50 Euro haben wollte. Und ich habe mich selten so darüber geärgert , selbst einen 50% reduzierten Preis bezahlt zu haben. Dieses ""Spiel"" gehört soweit in den Early Access zurückbefördert, dass daraus ein Kickstarterprojekt werden könnte. Tut euch selbst einen gefallen und zündet eure 25 Euro lieber an , bevor ihr sie diesen Diletanten in den Rachen schmeißt."
76561198052659760,Not Recommended,265300,12831465,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,not a sock,diet dark souls
76561197996132309,Not Recommended,265300,13581935,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Jackybob,"Not recommending this game. Even though it's 60% off right now, I feel like I just had money taken out of my wallet due to one simple fact.This game does not work with any controller other than the ubiquitous 360.I *do* have a logitech controller that is less than a year old that without jumping through hoops to ""trick"" the game into thinking it's a 360 controller does not function.Considering the epic stability issues this game has had since the launch of the PC version I am loathe to add in a third party piece of software just so I can make some headway only to lose it due to a CTD.I reserve the right to alter my recommendation if the developers ever get around to adding support for any other type of controller and I will remember quite clearly that these are the types of games that give consoles a reason to exist."
,Not Recommended,265300,13607977,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Memes xd ;3,Honest opinion - Dark souls with nicer graphics
76561198007474941,Not Recommended,265300,15164353,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,ntscdirector,Unplayably bad control scheme. I played 2 minutes before deciding I had wasted my money. Get something else.
76561198211728320,Not Recommended,265300,16052201,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,KingAragorn,dos not work
,Not Recommended,265300,14116602,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Joshi,The game is still not working. I played the game itself for 1 hour. It even hat a bad framerate even though i can play battlefield 4 without laggs.
76561198006769238,Not Recommended,265300,12815247,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Plebeius Maximus,"Played for 21 hours with a few crashes here and there that were all easy to avoid if you were aware of them and I figured people were overreacting when they discussed all the bugs and crashes the game suffered from. Then I finished the game after said amount of playtime and now the game crashes on startup or just goes into a blackscreen where I can't do anything after startup.I would recommend this game were it not for the issues that people, including me, have been having with this game, but players shouldn't have to look for fixes to a product they've purchased, that should be taken care of by the developers of the game. Until such a time that the developers find fixes to these problems I would not recommend this game the very least."
,Not Recommended,265300,13582021,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Demo Dirty Dan,"The game runs at 81c on my gtx-760 with upgraded cooling on every graphical setting.Really want to play it, but not enough to risk heat damage."
76561198015555984,Not Recommended,265300,29278677,Posted: 15 January,all,Taus,Not playable at all. Game crashes every 15-30 minutes.
76561198068763126,Not Recommended,265300,21039820,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,TRASH PLAYER,"Too ♥♥♥♥ing clunky, making it impossible to play."
,Recommended,265300,12798626,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Maximus Dominus Mercimus,"Pretty fun game, although find myself running around in circle not knowing where I have to go. There is no clear indicator or map as to where stuff is. It'd be better if it had a dungeon map system like diablo so you know where you haven't been."
,Not Recommended,265300,30066671,Posted: 20 February,all,Kenshin csgo500,"Got this on sale and still regret it. Couldn't get a refund because i didn't play in the first weeks.The game is really slow. Sometimes you attack the enemies in front of you  and it doesn't hit, not sure why.Also, i couldn't customize the joystick buttons the way i wanted, and attacking with RB and RT is really weird.I do not recommend this game."
76561198009092918,Recommended,265300,20001268,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MakeMericaGreatAgain!,"Good Christ some of the enemies designed in this game are horrifically bad.  You'll use a fast weapon, a fast attack, and still not recover quickly enough to block or dodge the incoming attack, even with damn near perfect timing.  Or, hit them with a powerful attack with a slow weapon and not stagger them, so there's not blocking or dodging the inevitable attack, even with damn near perfect timing.I've played the Souls series, which is awesome.  They did combat right.  Here....really, really, really bad design.Can be kinda fun though."
,Not Recommended,265300,19793183,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,cseepe,"Some of the bosses are quite difficult, requiring a level of ""twitch"" capability that is difficult to achieve on a PC ... definitely easier using the hand devices of a console. The game saves only in certain places so you often have to go through several iterations of the same combats to get back to the boss. This gets tired really quickly. One could kind of cheat though by staying near a spawning/save shard and leveling up significantly before moving on. However, this kind of defeats the fun of the game unless levelling is important to you. And the PC keyboard-mouse combination just doesn't seem to respond quickly enough.Perhaps the intent was to compel players to purchase the weapon upgrades that make the player powerful enough to face these tough bosses. Whatever the case, the game designers may have thought that making the game tough and constantly repeating was good game design but I've found it to be frustrating and a disappointing experience."
76561198017790817,Not Recommended,265300,19339260,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Bebechaman,"I haven't played for long, but if you came to this game expecting to be like Dark Souls, it's not. Sure it has the same mechanics but the combat is so much worse. The first two boss are♥♥♥♥♥♥ it get better but wtf. The story is meh.6/10"
76561198135799167,Not Recommended,265300,15613934,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Iron Virgin,Boring game with good graphic. When you lvl up and get some basic wepons game is not challenging. Its boring dark souls rip off noting more. If will be on sale it might be worth.
76561197991565861,Recommended,265300,35074854,Posted: 19 September,all,supacrazee,This game is sick
,Not Recommended,265300,15247377,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Blackened,"I want to like this game but i cant. First off your GPU WILL OVERHEAT if you play this game at any settings. I run SLI 680's which overheat after 5min of play with water cooling system. Oh and the developers will refuse to answer your emails, so forget about refund.Secondly the game falls flat by introducing shiny good looking armour before you even started playing the game. It is like there is no achievment in game as you already wearing the best looking gear there is early game.The camera angles when fighting or running are horrible and can’t be changed. The developers thought shaking the camera is a good idea while running and doing battle. When doing your signature finishing move behind enemy’s, the camera shakes so much you can’t even see what the guy is doing.Don’t buy this game it is a waste of money, rather buy any of the Souls games and stick with them (Dark Souls 2)."
,Recommended,265300,13660604,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Paradise Decay,A Non-biased quick look @ the game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YT2lN7HK7ss
,Not Recommended,265300,28089322,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lame.,"Game is great looking and plays pretty well esp with a 360 controller but I cannot get it to stop crashing.. have tried everything on the recommend fixes but nothing is working. Got it for super cheap but still requesting a refund as I just do not want to put anymore time into trying to get more than 30mins of gameplay out of it before it crashes.It appears the devs stopped caring about the game last year so doubt they will ever fix it. If they do, I will for sure buy it again and give it another try."
76561198023412575,Recommended,265300,12733269,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,kkdude,"tl;drThis game isn't dark souls. It is a very good game inspired by souls with its own feel.If you want dark souls, play dark souls.Most of the negative reviews for this game basically just say that this isn't dark souls so it sucks. Well guess what: this isn't dark souls, it is a game inspired by the soul series with its own story, gameplay and mentallity towards how it should be played. The basic difference between this game and the souls series is that in souls you are able to block all attacks, maneuver around many enemies, and are generally required to play an agile character with little to no armor and no shield to play effectively. Lords of the Fallen allows and encourages the use of heavy armor and shields, while still keeping an agile character viable. Where most see this as a weakness, I see it as this games biggest strength.This game allows you to play a heavy, strength based character that can barely dodge or an endurance based character that bounces around and gets in quick strikes. It is much more difficult to do the latter, but shouldn't it be? This game allows you to play the way you want and in a sense choose your difficulty based on how you spec your character. The only thing that isn't viable is a magic character, as the magic was just kind of tossed in and is pretty worthless.The only issue I have had performance wise is a very rare stutter (actually, it is just one mini boss that makes my game stutter when he does a certain attack) and the game crashed on me once. That said, crashes in this type of game are a very  big deal, given that you can only save at certain points, but there really is no need to farm or skip checkpoints so the crash was just a minor annoyance to me."
76561198034245439,Not Recommended,265300,12683357,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,straydog654,"Crashes, Crashes, CRASHES...."
,Recommended,265300,12671269,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,*FPCG| LeviathaN,"..::This review will be changed from time to time until I finish the game::..Trailer visuals are slightly better than the game itself, but whatever, the game still look awesome.Game mechanics are a little... distinct. I think the more you battle without dying or saving, the more/best rewards you get as the game progresses. If you die, you lose all the points I guess, but you have the option to store then so you won't lose then, but won't receive better loot.Sounds are ok, calm soundtrack, boss battles with slightly accelerated songs.The game style (not the visual) remember Dark Souls.P.S.: I died before I can land a single hit on the first enemy, but now I'm used to battle :PSo:Story: Can't say so far.Graphics: 10/10. Really detailed.Visuals: ?/10. Can't really say, I'm still on the castle. so I don't know about the outside world visuals yet.Music/Soundtrack: 8/10. Fine. Could be a little better.Combat Mechanics: 9/10. Yep, very simple. The more heavier you are, more slow your attacks, but more hits you can take. Some games just ignore this.Skills: X/10. I don't know how to properly use then yet, but I think they're ok."
76561197979689489,Recommended,265300,12676146,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,AwesomeViking,"What do i think about it? Hmmmmm. As a Veteran in the Demon/Dark Souls series i find this game rather entertaining. There is no extreme difficulty (atleast not on the first playthrough), although the game is hard, just not Dark Souls hard. I would look at it more like a harder, 3rd person Diablo 2/3, and that is what really hooked me. The awesome gear, the leveling system.I advice you to not head into this game, thinking you are getting a Dark Souls experience! If that is what you want, go play DS1 or DS2. If you want a decent hard, entertaining, hammer your foes styled game, then this is what you should play!"
,Not Recommended,265300,12700659,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Canoness Avlaen,"As a fan of the souls series, this game is terrible, the enemies are tedious especialy ones with shields due to a lack of a guard break move. ive had an enemy carry on drinking his potion as i hit him with a fully charged heavy attack, ive crashed 3 times trying to do the third boss.One of the spells is brokenly over powere it gives massive life regen and reduces damage taken and reflects damage, its only downside is it takes a while to cast but it lasts long enough to nearly be able to cast it straight after, and your mana regens fast enough to do so.It got to the point where if i had this spell up enemies died faster if i didnt block or dodged and just spam attacked and let the reflect damage and the health regen keep me alive.This went for the third boss aswell he only has one move which was ever a threat which did 60-80% of my health but was easily dodgeable,otherwise with the spell buff and medium armour with some heavy (not even full heavy) i could stand toe to toe with him without blocking.Also on my PC it performs poorly with consistent low FPS My PC isnt great but it can run dark souls fine, so if your a fan of that series you might want to check your specs when buying this game.Overall enemies are challenging mainly due to their health and annoyance to fight, theres a very overpowered buff that trivalises most fights, Performance is bad, and so far the fights havent realy felt special or engaging."
76561198060380853,Not Recommended,265300,12716372,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,jgrohs78,This game is good but buggy. It does crash on you I do not have a cheap computer set up. I should have waited for the reviews to come out befor i bought this game. I would not have bought it.
,Not Recommended,265300,13316016,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,731 Squad,"This game is really really hard... even more than ""Dark Souls""(even ng+++) !!!!! I played without shield for more hardcore but it is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Then I started to use shield for blocking damage I started to see 1 shot 1 kill.... I can not believe this game is so hard. About bosses  ( I killed 3)..... they are really stupid. They can push me and it will be just friendly punch and NO DAMAGE. Also I guess the magick is superfluous in this game.9/10 for those who likes very hard games.5/10 for me."
76561198011515629,Not Recommended,265300,12734695,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Blackcompany,"A beautiful game with gorgeous environments that tries - and utterly fails - to be Dark Souls. Weapons swing too slowly by far, and enemies recover from strikes - both their own and staggers - far too quickly. Environments are crowded and character models are far too large for said environs. Bosses are larger enemies with enormous health bars and quick recovery from animations.All in all, its more exercise in frustration, than challenge. I recommend most fans - and especially those who came for more tight Souls like game play - avoid this title. Hopefully many of the weapon speed and animation recovery issues will be fixed in a patch, but barring that, skip this and go back to Dark Souls or its sequel, as both are far superior to this blatant clone."
76561198034236235,Not Recommended,265300,13475962,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Leechmonger,"Don't Buy game, crashes harder than 9/11."
76561198107668254,Not Recommended,265300,12701588,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,CerealKiller,"I haven't been able to play the game at all, as it crashes right when starting. I have read a couple of recomendations and i have tried them like disabling vsync and apex_gpu_support_enabled and still the game crashes.I can't try the physx change as i have an AMD videocard.My advise is try not to buy this game, you may end as frustrated as i am right now."
76561197970745592,Not Recommended,265300,12685276,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,defe^,"If you're going to make a game this heavily inspired by the Souls games, then you should really try to improve on the original in some way. I was expecting a game like Dark Souls but with more focus on the story and characters. Lords of the fallen did not deliver. Characters and story fall completely flat. Basic game/combat mechanics work well enough, but the game still ends up feeling like Dark Souls lite with nothing particularly interesting or new to offer."
76561197973402045,Not Recommended,265300,12690286,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Aramith,games good but very buggy. computer should easy run this max everything but chunky
76561198104505473,Not Recommended,265300,33637132,Posted: 18 July,all,Terry Pratchett,"I tried it, beat the first boss, and thought ""I think we're done here""Combat feels extremely slow, clunky, and unresponsive. From what I gathered of the story it could be interesting, but judging at everything else in the game I doubt it is, however I didn't get nearly far enough to get more than a snippet of it.The music is either terrible or nonexistent to a point where I just played without it after I heard the first track.The graphics are amazing, and I stayed at a solid 60 on high settings with a 1060 and FX-8350.Personally I don't think this game is even worth the $6.00 I payed for it, only time I'd ever play it is if someone payed me well to, it just feels like a chore more than anything."
,Not Recommended,265300,12687759,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Judgement0s,"Pros:Looks Good (except for dialog animations)""Perfect Timing"" adds more depth to combatHits feel like they have weightAble to bank xpInteresting XP retrieval systemExtra lore is done in an unintrusive diablo styleSkippable cutscenesCons:Forces you to use heavy armor (because read below)Dual weilding/small weapons are useless against bossesMagic is uselessEven the fastest roll is slow and can't be stringed together quicklyFirst three bosses are unoriginal and incredibly boring (that's as far as I've felt like playing)The story is more direct, but not very interestingMain character is a bland, generic, meat-headMajor FPS issues on PC (supposedly will be patched soon)No target auto-change when current target diesTargeting system in general is wonky.  Randomly un-targets.Way too slow for my tastesHave to hold down buttons to do any action (especially bad for estus)Extremely easyNo wall collisionPC version still has Xbone promptsI really just can't like this game.  It feels like it's trying to be Souls, but at the same time totally missing the point of what made the games fun in the first place.  Probably a good game for people who found Souls hard.  Has potential, but so far I can't recommend it.  If you like it, more power to you."
76561198008326992,Not Recommended,265300,12696745,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Nodens,"Within the first 20 minutes of playing this game, I ran into a game breaking glitch with the commander boss that allowed for him to perform attacks that both don't display as he freezes, and pass through my 100 percent sheild. I was intruged by this games dark souls style gameplay, but the clunky combat and sad, floppy magic system are major let downs. I think this is more than likely a bargain buy, in the under 10$ range.Poorly optimized, slow sloppy combat, and really stunted dialogue kill what could have been a fairly enjoyable game."
,Not Recommended,265300,12681628,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,LeG Dancing Lion,"dont bother buying this for pc yet, the game is not done. there is a 5gb patch on the way that is said to fix all the crashing and fps issuses among other things wait for that before you consider buying."
,Not Recommended,265300,33753950,Posted: 23 July,all,Bible-Bashing Robot Assassin,Lords of the Fallen has a reputation as a mediocre Dark Souls ripoff with clunkier combat.Lords of the Fallen deserves this reputation. Every criticism is pretty much spot on. Even at 6 bucks it's pretty bad.
,Not Recommended,265300,35054248,Posted: 18 September,all,ｓｃａｒｅｃｒｏｗ,badly optimized and horrible slow combat
,Not Recommended,265300,31404975,Posted: 27 April,all,GrD« Combo Breaker,"This is a beautiful game witha  somewhat ok story line, however the worst part is the one that makes it unplayable. This games combat mechanics are so broken its not even fun. If you ever go up against an enemy with a shield, prepare for a 10 min fight. Almost every enemy has a shield and that makes them a god. They do massive damage and can spin 180 to hit you in the blink of an eye after you roll to dodge or move to the side of one of their attacks, without even moving their feet, this makes the rogue class useless. The shield wielders have 360 block, so hittng them from the sides or behind is useless about half of the time, you must take damage to deal any to a shield wielder. I have tried many different techniqes and strategies, none of them have proven to be very helpful. Even the abilities that are supposed to grab the enemies attention only works about 25% of the time, so while they are taunted by your prayer they can still block and attack you while facing it. Any moves that would stagger an enemy take just as long for you to recover as it does an enemy, making it pointless because you have no chance to get a hit in before they are on the guard again. All these issues make the rogue class just complete garbage, not to mention getting one shot by regular monsters because like i said, non of the mechanics work right. this could be a good game if they would fix the fighting issues and rebalance the enemies."
76561197978593802,Recommended,265300,12682979,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Desolation Red,really fun game. good combat. great graphics.
,Not Recommended,265300,31308903,Posted: 22 April,all,Mr.F***,"If you want a great looking “Dark Souls” clone this might be for you, the combat feels broken and the level design is appalling.10/10 IGN"
76561198007486006,Not Recommended,265300,31862998,Posted: 20 May,all,claudiassj,"Definitely not my style of game.Cons:- irrelevant and unclear story. Flat characters, flat dialogues.- no tutorial- time consuming: I know that this is the Souls style, but I find it unachronistic for a 2014 game that boasts the title of RPG not to have a free save option and therefore to force you to play the same part and defeat the same enemies everytime you get killed (again again). My opinion.- really cumbersome controls: if dying is such a pain in the neck, I would expect the game to actually put me in the best conditions to avoid as many deaths as possible! If I push the dodge button, I expect my character to dodge NOW, not 2 seconds later, when it's too late!!Pros:- graphically really nice. Those armours are drool-worthy...- If you are into the Souls-type frustration, you probably will enjoy it"
76561198076849576,Not Recommended,265300,20177394,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Annoying Killah,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing broken...
76561198020700030,Not Recommended,265300,13576946,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dis,"Dark Souls is my favorite game. This game is pretty bad. The combat may look similar, but it really isn't. It feels slow mo, not ""heavy"". The moves are nonsensically slow. There is no waiting for an opportune moment to strike or countering an enemy attack. There is only stunlocking, and back stabbing. Bossfights are too easy unless they are just broken. The magic is complete trash. All of it, and every aspect of it should be removed entirely.I played through Demon Souls, Dark Souls, and Dark Souls 2 multiple times. I got through 3 bosses in this game (much faster I might add) and am labeling this game as garbage."
76561198037510932,Recommended,265300,12682658,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Tollefar,Died against the same enemy 5 times in a row. Finally kill it. Game crashes.11/10 would rage-quit again.
76561197977263934,Recommended,265300,12702703,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Tundark,U GOT BALLS????? yes? play it then!
76561198023925023,Recommended,265300,12722582,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Keyki,"Preaty close to Dark Souls, but fills less hardcore. You doesn't die that much times."
,Recommended,265300,12674044,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,don.kaban,Dark Souls 2.5.
,Not Recommended,265300,33667793,Posted: 20 July,all,Contrecarre,"How this game has gotten the ""Game of the year"" award is beyond my mortal comprehension. I played it expecting nothing amazing and was still let down. I would say get it on sale, but I doubt you'll have much fun with this game.Three classes, cleric being the most OP and broken class but also the most viable if you plan to use the megaman cannon.Expect to max out all abilities in a few hours.  Expect your character to look like an endgame WoW warlock in a few hours.Expect to use the same weapon forever if you use a faith build.Art style is definitely amazing, although a bit too edgy at times. The game would've been a lot better as a DmC clone, but it's a DaS clone, meaning slow combat, which would be fine if it felt rewarding. But it doesn't. The game also glitches alot, often in combat, either in your favour or the enemy's. Both leave you thinking ""Did they test this ?""I tried to finish the game but got overly bored."
76561197991082434,Recommended,265300,12768008,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[cc] Timzy,"Yay just lost 63,000 experiance because the game gliched out when I died and killed me instantly as I respawned so my ghost vanished as well, thanks game, not like those three boss kills and shed load of mob kills waisted my time or anything... noooo... I love going through all that and then losing everything I got for it, so yeah, that's my review.  Btw still enjoying it :P just mad."
76561198022103663,Not Recommended,265300,22846531,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Bendablefeast,"I wanted to like this game, it looks great and has the souls feel that I love. The combat is just sluggish and feels very unpolished. I also have gotten through a few bosses now and they just are not fun. Boss fights and combat being the staple of this game, I can not recommend this game with both being so lackluster."
,Not Recommended,265300,22860347,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Konizumi,"combat too slow and unpolished, too boringnot ok"
,Recommended,265300,12714059,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,McDunkems,Does anyone know how to fix the lordsofthefallen.exe has stopped working error???????!!!!
,Not Recommended,265300,20104552,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Banthony245,Meh. Not even close to the beauty of Dark Souls. Not. Even. Close.
76561198043028011,Recommended,265300,26765796,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AJSA-Nicotb,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
76561197985754121,Not Recommended,265300,26136189,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Fry,"Annoying. Console port remnants such as "" Press Y"" visible on PC. Bad control of character, constant feeling of "" NO I DIDNT WANT TO DO THAT, DONT DO THAT YOU IDIOT "" causes annoyance. Introduction was also horrible, no idea what to do with menus, what effects what and how. Graphics are awesome, except the cutscenes that are horribly  voice acted and the animations are from 2003. Gear is cool, heavy feeling, good umfh with strikes and blocks, awesome audio and visual effects.5/10, would buy out of discount bin.. which I did."
,Not Recommended,265300,22278974,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,DIY Lobotomy,"Clunky gameplay, artificial difficulty, very slow combat, boring boss fights. If you are looking to play some more dark souls, you'll just go hollow here."
76561198086068622,Not Recommended,265300,33696411,Posted: 21 July,all,Necoloom (Withertooth),"did not find it very enjoyable, in fact quite the opposite, i would not recommend this game"
,Recommended,265300,12677204,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,'OnlyMe..,"Great graphics, great gameplay and more playable than Dark Souls ..it means.. better than DS like more satisfying combat and super graphics. Huge bosses, epic fights, I really enjoyed it. Highly recommended! 10/10 <3"
76561198073533596,Not Recommended,265300,12687245,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,badusername,It’s a great game if you love the souls series but I would not buy until they fix the crashing issues.
,Not Recommended,265300,20710109,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Xenscare,"I can't even begin listen it's fine IT'S FINE if you're like ""oh don't expect dark souls"" except they advertised it as dark souls inspired but except its like if somebody took dark souls and then took out the good things and replaced everything with garbagethe amount of effort that must've been put into this depresses me because it was all for naughti didn't refund though because that'd be rudeat least the backstabs feel cool"
76561198011123517,Recommended,265300,12676008,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Elgindor,Awesome game! Plays alot like Dark souls.Great weapon verity and plenty of different tactics to try out.The inventory system is one of the best I have played with.
76561198004888387,Not Recommended,265300,33667878,Posted: 20 July,all,Murit,"Graphics are good...and that's pretty much it.The voice acting is TERRIBLE, the scripting is damn near just as bad, and the gameply feels like it's trying way too hard to be Dark Souls with an even lamer combat system, while still keeping the player on a unidirectional track.Simply not fun."
,Recommended,265300,12712197,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Babazi,somehow i like this game more than dark soul......
,Not Recommended,265300,24039622,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Six Inches,I kinda wish From Software was in their rights to sue this developer. Pretty dissappointing rip off of Dark Souls and seeing as they weren't really paying attention to what made Souls games good. Do not buy this game if you dig the DS franchise.
,Recommended,265300,12678240,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Toaster,"Doesn't have a broken durability system, unlike a certain game.  10/10"
76561198061239453,Not Recommended,265300,31940530,Posted: 24 May,all,Topaz55,The game is full of bugs and crashes so often that it is unplayable
,Not Recommended,265300,19882624,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Cryobrain,absolutely horrific
76561197997732418,Not Recommended,265300,23372265,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Madeline,Meh. Felt Like Clunky Souls with half baked story.
76561198049853445,Recommended,265300,16209743,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,shmuely,This game was ok
76561198018566960,Not Recommended,265300,28445673,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ussaxel,That game just never started with my GPU on even with a computer far beyond minimal.Be prepared to ask for a refund
,Not Recommended,265300,24786117,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Demo,Trash game unresponsive game play awkward dialogue
,Not Recommended,265300,20035440,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FARTACUS,♥♥♥♥♥iest game ever!!
,Recommended,265300,12964936,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Stormchaser,BEST Single Player game of the past decade!
76561197978902211,Recommended,265300,12917798,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Girland,"Lords of the Fallen isn't about the game that it isn't, but the game that it is.I have to say i thorougly enjoyed the entire content on this game from start the finish. I don't want to be a fickle consumer and compare it to the has beens, on its own merit, in my book, Lords of the Fallen aces several areas- Story- Graphics & Art Style- Sound/Music- Gamepley (both combat and progression/customization).I would easily give it an overall 8.5 to 9. In this day and age when most titles are regurgitations of previous titles in the name of sequels and never new innovations in IP, I applaud the effort from this smaller developer. I will always support you guys. This is the only way new people will take chances and make new IP."
,Not Recommended,265300,33656601,Posted: 19 July,all,Moustafa ELwasif,"Overall it's a good game, a lot of adventure and many weapons can be used, which is a good thing, I liked to play as an Assassin in that Class which had the green color because I like stealth more. but I can't recommend it because I don't find this game open world at all, like you travel from a castle or a huge boss building to another, I thought I can climb mountains and fly using dragons, or at least to get a horse or anything to ride and travel along the open world map, that's the only disadvantage where you only walk from a closed place to another. anyway I couldn't play more than 1 hour without game lagging or crashing, so I think it's not made for me or people with similar PC as mine, the graphics is Ultra HD, which my PC can't handle."
76561198027836246,Recommended,265300,22056368,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Golden,21222
76561198032865398,Not Recommended,265300,28500662,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,pegasus_feather,"I was in middle of boss fight and I was about to get him on his knee.  Then the game crash.  This is forth time and I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥   Is my computer♥♥♥♥♥♥  no its decent.  fx 9350, gtx 980ti and 16G ram.The game is good, very much like soul series and I love it.  That is why it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.  I like this girl and this girl gives me so much♥♥♥♥♥♥  I want to slap her and kiss her at same time."
,Not Recommended,265300,24325573,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Y23Y,"It used to be fun, but I guess since I have played too many games where it doesn't take one whole minute to dodge, this game sucks now."
76561198082828791,Not Recommended,265300,24384526,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,1stimporia,"Based on other reviews it seems this game takes 20-30 hours to complete, and I'm 8 hour in as of now but just don't want to play anymore.Maybe I'll try again later, but I've already spent too much time lost because of how repetitive everything can look, too much time fighting the same few enemies in different rooms, too much time scouring areas for easy to miss levers and doors, too much time watching enemies walk around me before attacking, too much time watching poorly lip-synced and over-gesturing npc's, and too much time playing a ""not bad"" game with an ok story when there are so many fantastic games and stories out there.If you really want to give this a shot yourself try playing the first hour and imagine more of that for at least the following 7 rather than actually spending that time on it"
,Not Recommended,265300,32179751,Posted: 4 June,all,toconnell,"There is a school of criticism that holds limited experience of a thing as disqualifying: if you don't have a full appreciation of a thing, your opinion is necesarily incomplete, partially-formed, less useful, etc.Having spent a little less than an hour with Lords of the Fallen, what I have to say about it is without a doubt based on a very incomplete consideration, so make what you will of it.Between its phoned-in, me-too character and environment designs (which make the second-rate, copy-cat toss-offs of Darksiders look downright creative by comparison) and the fact that it shamlessly and half-assedly apes all of the worst parts of Dark Souls gameplay/control design apparently without realizing what makes DaS fun in the first place, Lords of the Fallen is a complete non-starter.One could certainly make the argument that my opinion is superficial and, if I had stuck with Lords of the Fallen, I might have found something redeeming about it, but to that I can only say that I have but one life to live, and I have neither the time nor the inclination to embark upon an 80-plus-hour search for some kernel of fun in this mercilessly unoriginal, punishingly cheap-feeling Souls-like/Souls-clone simply to justify my opinion that Lords of the Fallen is an absolutely irredeemable piece of trash.If you managed to stick with it and you found something you like in this game, good on you.Me? I refuse to do it."
76561198091772912,Not Recommended,265300,24368212,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,jacquel,"This game is enjoyable and what I have played of it has been fun. Unfortunately this only makes it more dissapointing because I cannot recommend this game for the sole reason that I have never had or known a game to crash as often and as freely as this one does. If it ever gets fixed (which given it is two years old I do not believe will happen) then I would absolutely recommend it. It is enjoyable and interesting enough to be worth your time, but the game is undeniably broken and has not been fixed.I would love to recommend this because when it works it is a lot of fun; derivative yes - but I really do like it. It is a shame that it doesn't work two years after release and this reflects poorly on the devs. Do not buy it due to the crashing, but if there is ever a second game or if this is ever fixed then do buy it. Ultimately, the choice is that simple."
,Not Recommended,265300,19339225,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,TheDoctor,this game is not worth 50$ i got it for 12$ on a sale and that is the most i would pay for itcons-needs more checkpointstoo hard -_-aim is brokenpros-nice grapihcsreally thats all pros i had for this game -_-
,Recommended,265300,35090753,Posted: 20 September,all,testosterownlol,Kick♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,265300,19976286,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,childmolester42,Lame♥♥♥♥♥Dark Souls copy
76561198071419613,Not Recommended,265300,33764556,Posted: 24 July,all,Sparky mark phillips,you need help if you find this rubbish enjoyable.
76561198122003890,Not Recommended,265300,14570751,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Aegis,"game itself is well designed and cool but the graphics programming or however it is run is trash. using a gtx 960 and i cant get more than 20 fps on medium to high graphics. but i can play evolve,turtle studios new 4v1 on ultra high with a constant 60 fps. trash game. DO NOT BUY THIS"
76561198091578484,Not Recommended,265300,27504994,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,leonardosilva_63,"I olny played this game because my friend have it in his PS4, because LOTF just keeps crashing in my PC, and it´s always at the main menus. I'm just tired of this and I want my money back. I wanted this to play the game, not to waste my precious time trying to fix it."
76561198040961114,Not Recommended,265300,28387641,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,spaceweezle,"Like with most AAA titles these days, this is among one of the worst ports in history.Absolutely disgraceful optimization. Plays like tripe on even the best hardware. Most of this could possibly be attributed to the cancerous DRM they use, but who could say for sure.Don't expect any of the graphics options to work at all without turning your game into a green flicker seizure inducing glitch mode. Fullscreen does not work. The game crashes if you anything running in the background (probably because of the god-awful  DRM)What's worse is that after all this time and patches, it's ACTUALLY WORSE THAN IT WAS ON LAUNCH, hard to believe but it's true.The game itself isn't that bad, pretty much a Dark souls clone, which comes across as a locked door simulator a lot of the time. Boss fights are enjoyable and the game offers decent challenge. There's not a lot of diversity with the environment with whole area's looking identical to the next. However none of this counts for ♥♥♥♥♥ if the game is an unplayable travesty thanks to♥♥♥♥♥♥poor optimization and evil DRM software.Until they♥♥♥♥♥♥off this DRM and optimize it better this will stay negative and they will have no more of my business."
,Not Recommended,265300,26293929,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Benno,"Constant crashed, not worth the hassle..."
76561197964535006,Not Recommended,265300,28745127,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,shakesbeer,crashes for no reason...at the first boss...unplayable
76561198237115806,Not Recommended,265300,24683145,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Gecko,Frustratingly slow and awkward gameplay.
,Not Recommended,265300,25430321,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Murdock,Could have (a lot!) more content. Plain and simple.
,Not Recommended,265300,12697200,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Focuss,"So the game is playable now, which is good I guess.Still sucks, dont get it"
,Recommended,265300,12674640,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,sfp001,"It's a soul like game and everything in it feels heavy. I played a warrior as my first char and died tens of times in 2 hours. But it makes me want to try hundreds of times. Great graphic, epic combat and die, die, die. Recommed it for heavy gamers.Add more content:Finally I defeated the final BOSS after 17 hours. To be honest the final BOSS is a bit disappointing, not as excited as fighting with the former BOSSES. And I came accross some crashes when my char was ignited.Overall, it's a excellent game, maybe not a masterpiece, but has done what this kind of game should do. Now I have started my second char as cleric and hope I can reach another final.Pros- Amazing graphics, one of the best I have seen. Armors and weapons looks stunning.- Epic combat. You will die lots of times but you will also want to try more times.- BOSS design is breath taking. You will meet various kinds of tough BOSSES among deifferent complicated evironments. And these bad guys do not attack in a firm mode just like most games. They will choose their skills according to the situation on the battlefield.- Background music is decent. No stunning peice but all match with the atmosphere.- Story, yes story. At least you can choose your own way, deciding whether to lead manking to victory or obey the god, or even maintain the balance. This game doesn't focus on story but it's still nice enough.- Replayable. It's not an open world, but this game has plenty details. What's more, you can start a new class on the basis of your old clearance save, which reserves everything you've owned and the eminies have greater power.Cons- Poor optimization and some crashes. I run this game on my R9 280 and high graphic setting, not very high. Sometimes I feel a bit laggy, especially fighting outdoor. Maybe it can be smoother with a NVIDIA card.- Can't ajust difficulty. It may by a bit easy to core Dark Soul series players but a bit hard to normal players.- Need more balance among 3 classes.Hope you guys enjoy this game!"
,Recommended,265300,12713347,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,charged up toad memes,Does a better job of being Dark Souls than Dark Souls 2.
,Not Recommended,265300,12716126,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,PlatinumMagpie,♥♥♥♥ing awful
,Recommended,265300,12673478,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Z33KBLAD3,...t'was my first game today & was really enjoying it even if i died a lot of times... xD
,Recommended,265300,12679245,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,M(a)trix,"Finally!!! This is how Dark Souls should have been made on PC - proper mouse+keyboard support, great interface, mouse-driven menus and inventory. As a bonus it has better graphics.Maybe one downside - I've expected it to be a little harder, yet some bosses took me multiple retries to finally kill.This is a MUST BUY!"
76561197984657577,Not Recommended,265300,12689348,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,el toro ottomonster,some people say this is similar to dark souls. in some ways it is yes. but the combat feels way too clunky and slow compare to dark souls.
76561198039628509,Recommended,265300,12674591,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Kiammercer,I seldom write reviews but i feel after reading comments this game deserves one.First off it is very much like dark souls 1/2 in the fact that it takes both these games and adds to them in ways that compliment this game very well. (dark souls 2.0)I've read reviews bashing this game for being a steal and in some ways it does steal from it's predecessors but it takes a great leap forward as all games made should.I gladly recommend this game to anyone who even enjoys the previously mentioned games and any that hold similarity.It has a entertaining combat system and a volley of enemies that put forth a challenge that is enjoyable to defeat.If you are looking for pros and cons visit any other review. This is simply a opinion of a very satisfied gamer.
76561198043782849,Not Recommended,265300,25791653,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Esteban Failsmore,"-Combat is easy and boring.-Story is afwul.-Enemy design is lame.-No multiplayer.Go play dark souls, kid."
76561198048933733,Not Recommended,265300,13572194,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,IceCold,I want my money back! this is garbage... controls and combat system is ♥♥♥♥ed up. For the first time I regret spending money on game (I bought the way over 100 games in my life).  0/10
,Not Recommended,265300,24332417,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Obscura Nox,"Have you ever played Dark Souls? Of course you have, or else you wouldn't be considering to buy this game.Anyway, remember what happened in Dark Souls 1 if you tried using a weapon without meeting its Strength requirements? Thats exactly how every weapon handles in this game, except thats the intended speed. Youre character is also always overencumbered.But hey, at least the game is kinda pretty to look at."
76561197984611079,Not Recommended,265300,13560732,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Deicide Chaos,"You play a character who is stuck in an alternate demention where everything is in slow motion. By everything I mean nothing is in slow motion only you. You have 2 second uninteruptable attack animations in your arsenal, the enemy have .5 second chained attack, prepare to be stun locked to death.Ok now ive go that off my chest. Let me explain a few things.I am new to this genre of games, big boss fights crawling though castles slaying monsters, 'dark souls' sorta stuff (never played it). This is the most frustrating unforgiving game i've played, yes I know theres a large fan base out there for this kind of stuff, but YOU'RE NEW to this type of game, steer clear of this one. I want to get into this game, I want to like it, but it controls just feel like your playing in a tar pit. $24 Benchmarking tool.Also, who does the attack speed of the character lower when you lock onto a character.. WTF, the attacks animations also change"
76561198043316032,Not Recommended,265300,13102071,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Romp,The game performs sluggishly on Ati cards. I had high hope of playing it... bought it only to be dismayed by the fact that this game is pro nvidia only. I run on a ati HD 6970 and my drivers are up to date and I play other games smoothly.. except this game. FPS drops are so bad that it is utterly unplayable.I want my money back
,Not Recommended,265300,13431028,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,hehe,GAVNO
76561198147814278,Not Recommended,265300,22921122,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,XeonTrinity,"It crashed so hard I had to shut off my computer with the power button. Then my computer had to repair the hard drive because the crash put some corrupt data onto to it. DO NOT buy this game on PC, BUY it on PS4 or XBOX ONE."
,Not Recommended,265300,34806466,Posted: 7 September,all,Scadufax,"Got it for $3, refunded."
76561198039698928,Recommended,265300,12759617,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Pelerin,I recommend this game.
76561197970674174,Recommended,265300,12675200,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Lord Commander Dante,"So far im very much impressed with the game.This game is a comination of Dark Souls+Warhammer/Darksiders frenchises.Awsome graphics, fluid animation, top-notch sound effects/OST, very stylish art!My only con for this game would be that in my taste, the gameplay is TOO easy, too casual compared to souls games..."
76561197970524443,Not Recommended,265300,12975949,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,HooksGURU,"Lords of the Fallen attempts to step out of the shadow of the Dark Souls series. Seldom does it accomplish this. The game itself is enjoyable to an extent. The plethora of bugs and technical issues that were present during the launch have yet to be resolved. I have no doubt that the developer had good intentions with this title, however it is almost 2015, and there is no place for games to be launched that do not function correctly.The game was promoted by NVIDIA Gameworks, and sadly the addition of NVIDIA technologies such as NVIDIA's Turbulance may have led to this game's issues, who knows. The developer itself has a very sketchy history with little to no titles of value in the market. This title was to be the new IP for many to come. At this point, I do not see them continuing in the future with this method of business. The owners of the game feel shafted, as it is weeks after the launch and the same issues continue to no avail. I took a chance following the hype. I was nothing but disapointed. Having finished the game 100% in 70 hours, when over half of the play time was needed to replay areas due to crashes.With the exception of this years Assasin's Creed, I have never had a game so filled with development issues. I can't reccomend this game. It is taking a chance. One many don't want to invest in."
,Not Recommended,265300,20223597,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SirCoquenballs,"A very boring, poorly designed dark souls clone that was more of a chore to play than a fun experience."
76561198005963365,Not Recommended,265300,13610116,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Laughing Ant,"After spending several hours trying to make this game work I gave up. It doesn't even start, no intro screen, no nothing, it crashes right at the begining. None of the solutions posted worked. I regret spending 20$ on this useless thing."
76561198012739989,Not Recommended,265300,29457974,Posted: 24 January,all,charongreed,"A boring, slow, short ripoff of the Souls style. The graphics are pretty good, until you realise you've seen everything in the first few hours."
76561198066718241,Not Recommended,265300,33693080,Posted: 21 July,all,I WANNA DIE 3000,bugs and crashes
76561197972608989,Not Recommended,265300,24484146,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Spark,"Very unfulfilling combat. Fighting enemies is more of a chore than joy, which it should be. But I'm largely spoiled by Devil May Cry combat, which is my yard-stick - so don't listen to me !"
,Recommended,265300,21963015,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Abathur,Buy the game (Worth it) - But don't buy the DLCs (Not worth it)...
,Not Recommended,265300,13672801,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,bladechild,"It seems to be taboo for any Souls fan to slate this game. Apparently you have to adapt to the different style of play and accept it.The problem is this game was an obvious attempt at capitalizing on the Souls' games success, yet at the same time, the game doesn't really know what it wants to be.The combat is a threeway mess of Souls type meleeing, Generic action RPG button bashing with overpowered and clumsy spells, and terrible RPG stat mechanics.Gameplay is intentionally clunky and slow, which isn't a problem in of itself. It's just poorly executed. if you want to create a realistic, reactionary melee style, everything has to be fair and on an even playing field (ala Monster Hunter). Instead all enemies possess far greater poise, stamina and speed, making general combat a case of hope swinging and damage sponging with heavy armor. All enemies seem capable of shield-upping after swinging far too quickly. Same applies from recovering from poise breaks. The enemy just outruns even the swiftest of sword playstyles in your arsenal. So you are just left to cheesing the game with the overpowered spells and a rather amusing tactic of using the run-strong attack, which few enemies seem to wise up to. As for why the run-strong attack strikes 3x the speed of a normal standing attack, I don't know. It's one of the many technical flaws in this game.Also, enemies can change attack aim in mid execution. That's a rule 101 breaker right there.In summary, slow, clunky, tedious."
,Not Recommended,265300,21679959,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,sizzam,the first boss can lick my shitoris and the hitboxes suck acutal♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,265300,14478333,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,AetherRose,Clunky Souls.
,Not Recommended,265300,26442789,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,U'berion,BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED (NO)PS: better buy DARK SOULS
76561198041824816,Not Recommended,265300,33665633,Posted: 19 July,all,CHILD PRODIGY☮,"Could've been good, turned out ♥♥♥♥♥♥.The combat is slow, bosses are boring, enemies are uninteresting, and the design is quite♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Maybe get it on sale, if you can't find anything better.If you're looking for a dark souls like game, just get or replay dark souls."
76561198216182976,Not Recommended,265300,31174249,Posted: 16 April,all,👳🏻 Billu Virk 👊🏻,👍🏻  PROS -• Graphics are good enough.• Texture quality is very good.• Gameplay is fine as well.• Soundtrack are very good.• Theme soundtrack is very best ever heard.• Game is optimised well.• Large variety of weapons and armor.• Physics are so so upto the mark.• Level of difficulty is yes very good.• Good boss fight.• Very good weather effects.👎🏻 CONS -• Need to play levels more than one time in order to level up good.• A lot of time waster while leveling up.• Hate the stamina thing.• Storyline is very weak not so good.• No Graphics animations.• Only one time play.• Character walks very slow.📜 NOTES -Game is good but only one time play.Story is not so good at all.Only the good soundtrack is what it makes u play this game little longer than usually.Only buy this game if its on sale or an offer thats all i can say about it.This is not recommended or recommended its just in between.
76561198060420003,Not Recommended,265300,19468721,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Rooty Tooty Point n' Shooty,"bad game, would not play"
,Not Recommended,265300,34157073,Posted: 10 August,all,RemisGalaxy,Gonna have Nvidia and Alienware on your splash screen yet be uncontrollable with a keyboard and mouse? Lame.
76561198012177936,Not Recommended,265300,20004088,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,exelsisxax,"Just like the souls games, it's a masochistic grind against a system of artificial difficulty and intentional clumsiness. Just like the souls games, skill is irrelevant. You just continually exploit game mechanics."
,Not Recommended,265300,20177279,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Pedro from Peru,0 dark souls from 10
,Not Recommended,265300,25538698,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,ULINA,a bad dark soul like ...
,Not Recommended,265300,26713546,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Celtic,"mediocre storyline, clumsy controls"
,Not Recommended,265300,16585811,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Your King,I like the game but I am giving it a thumbs down because it uses a draconian DRMDo NOT support DRM. Stay away from this game.
,Recommended,265300,23028232,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
76561198059656849,Not Recommended,265300,14570452,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,thekiller157,hyped for game but in the end really hard and not very rewarding.
76561198397221518,Not Recommended,265300,33680286,Posted: 20 July,all,DARK OBLIVION GOD,bugged cant start it
76561198082652879,Recommended,265300,12672689,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Ra!n3,"The sound my face makes when it gets smacked by giant shields!Would get smacked for the sounds again 10/10!My current view of the game;The horrid dark scenery makes it look so much more polished than Dark Souls universe!Only got to the first boss, but darn - people complaining him being easy? Step into my shoes and get your face mashed by your own shield due to lack of stamina!The inventory looks neat and the stats and lore behind the items incredibly well done, love every pixel of the art!Going to edit this as i go, but so far - loving each minute of it! It has the same customization that Dark Souls offered, statwise - and more! Grab it if you are true to genre! At this price, you wont be dissapointed!"
,Recommended,265300,12676820,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Snowy,"Runner up to Warhammer 40k Space Marines in the ""My Pauldrons Are Bigger Than Yours"" contestWould wear elephants on shoulders again11/10p.s. Pauldrons make you manly"
76561198040515112,Not Recommended,265300,35092226,Posted: 20 September,all,steel beams > jet fuel,"First of all, the game looks really good, no freezing whatsoever but I'm really happy I only played 6 euros for it.I've read reviews saying its like Dark Sould which is a pretty hard game, so it naturally implies this might be hard as well. But after playing for an hour, and trying to defeat the first boss with 2 different classes I can say this is not hard, this is just FU*KING ANNOYING. I will probably get some comments on this but whoever does, just remember I was already playing  games when you dad wasn't even capable of impregnating a women. If you want hard try Ikaruga or Ys games on harder difficulties, then you will know hard. This is just nothing short of something annyoing put into a very good looking skin.Get it now for 6 euros while its on sale if you like wasting time and torturing yourself."
,Not Recommended,265300,31848585,Posted: 19 May,all,Sturmhauptführer Mike,Buy The Surge instead.
,Not Recommended,265300,13449820,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Snow,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
76561198034162130,Not Recommended,265300,23298583,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,daniel_j_mathias,"A REALLY bad souls clone in every way possible. Poor level design, HORRIBLE combat, a stupid narrative that serves only to break immersion, and a myriad of other things.I've come back to this game a few times thinking maybe I didn't give it a chance, it would get better, or something. Nope. This game is just bad, avoid it at all costs."
,Not Recommended,265300,12680093,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Saefir,"Constant stuttering, crashing, freezing and enemies that do nothing at all but hold a shield and stand there. I CAN ONLY PLAY THE GAME FOR 20 MINUTES AT A TIME! Please devs when you release a game make sure it works....Don't buy this until the devs release a fix cause it's broken. However when I could at least play the game, what was there was fun (apart from fighting the guys who hold shields) so I really do hope that they release patches soon :/."
,Not Recommended,265300,12689453,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Squigrider,"Well so far I am not really liking it...I know, only 4 hours in but with not much hope of the game getting better in sight.  I will say that the game has been somewhat challenging but the clunky targeting and very slow combat is not helping.  Graphics are great, armor and weapons remind me of a lot of warhammer (which I love!!!), and cutscenes are funny to watch because the mouths never match what they are saying.  I am a hardcore DS/DS2 fan I will say if you are looking for that kind of game experience please look elsewhere, for this is a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT GAME.  And the Lords Of The Fallen....have fallen nowhere near it.  Anywho, I'll update the review if it does get better or is worth the $60...just my opinion"
,Not Recommended,265300,33657146,Posted: 19 July,all,TheSovietGuy14,This game does not offer enough custiomization plus the gameplay is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ i took a rogue class i arrived to the first boss and died. Normally that would be normal but when the game favorises players that choose tanky classes you only have one playstyle which makes the game boring and destroys all replay value
76561198054597732,Not Recommended,265300,33704435,Posted: 21 July,all,Rein,"''Game of the year edition''Ok I liked the game,played it few times on console but who the ♥♥♥♥ gave this GoT award? Because I don't ♥♥♥♥ing think so. It's a decent game but that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198119132000,Not Recommended,265300,25472462,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,silenceisred,"Ugly, slow, annoying. Not hard in itself. But playing it is like forcing yourself to drive a nail through your hand. Using only your other hand."
,Not Recommended,265300,34985944,Posted: 15 September,all,HOLYONE,this game got me like 'im board' and its pretty but thats it
76561197979636047,Not Recommended,265300,12682380,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,RICKETY REKT SON!,"This game is a fail....the movement speed is so slow you cant even manuver and respond with an attack.  Not to mention its a resource hog.  It looks all fancy, but when 3 GTX 780s are struggling to render a game....something is leaking memory or coded wrong.Also his attacks are too slow anyways.Save your money!"
,Not Recommended,265300,12677536,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Exam at 12:30,"If you want to buy this game, do not buy it now. Wait until all the bugs are fixied. there are currenty major problems with FPS for most users (people without GTX 960+). I have a gtx 660m, and i went into this game expecting atleast 60 frames on low detail. I got 10. so i looked into fixes. And i did a fix in my nvidia control panel (changing the physX to CPU), and I still only got 30, and even at 30 it was steadily dropping lower and lower, until it would find it self back around 7-10. either way the game is not optimzed yet, just wait a little while to let the devs fix their mistakes.Other than that, the game is pretty good. Bosses have a lot of health, gear is a bit hard to find for rogues, and combat is enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,265300,12683892,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Karpata,"The game is fun and Souls Fans will definately like it but if you can, get it for console. The PC version is very unstable horribly optimised and almost unplayable with certain graphics cards. As soon as Fixes start rolling in it's a must buy for Fans of the Souls Series."
,Not Recommended,265300,25564534,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,"Cook, Serve, Delicioso DOS!","This feels more like Darksiders than Dark Souls. And Darksiders is a better game, so go play that instead."
76561198104050547,Not Recommended,265300,22736753,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Daniel,Dog♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,265300,24233113,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SpaceBuddy,not that good
76561198024975130,Recommended,265300,13587066,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Cartoon Head,Better than Dark Souls
76561198006217347,Not Recommended,265300,18902399,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"Below average hack and slash RPG, get it only if you are a big fan of the genre and only on a deep sale."
76561198043350889,Recommended,265300,21248589,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Aisar,Got this game cheap on sale and worth every penny.  Nice souls-like for those who find Dark Souls too difficult.
,Not Recommended,265300,33692968,Posted: 21 July,all,Ironvale,"Terrible performance, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ heavy weapons and the worshipper boss is just straight up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ !"
,Not Recommended,265300,12674980,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,4th,"I wish I hadn't expected this but I did. This game is an overhyped Dark Souls clone that isn't sure if it wants to be a casual game or a difficult one.I see a lot of people complaining about the boses being hard, but the actual difficulty of these bosses doesn't come from the mechanics of the bosses themselves, but rather from the lack of damage they receive and the amount of damage they deal. I'd prefer a boss that is mechanically challenging rather than a punching bag that takes lots of hits to kill. The second boss actually stands there shielding himself while you fight off AI's because the devs were too lazy to think of an interesting mechanic.The graphics of the game are beautiful, but I feel like nobody plays a Dark Souls style game for the graphics. We play it for the challenge and this game does not deliver on that. It isn't hard, in fact I only died once and that was after the third ""bonfire"" without using a single potion or healing. If you get damaged it is because a mob was hidden cheekliy around a corner, or because a mob has a super quick ability that isn't possible to predict.One of the biggest gripes I have with the game is the ability combos do not seem to be well thought out. Often you will be found knocking an enemy back with the first swing, only to have the second swing not even reach them once they've been knocked down which gives the game the feeling that it hasn't been tested fully.Another thing I've noticed about the game is the glitches, the second boss freezes his animation sometimes and you think he's vulerable but he is still moving underneath and can smack you in the face while you go to swing at him. A game based on beating bosses and progressing should not have these issues.On top of these faults, there is the crashing. I was half way through the second boss and the game suddenly crashed. All of the other people saying that crashing is a big problem are correct. Before anyone asks I use a 780 and my specs are well suited for this game. The game has crashed 4 times for me so far.edit: Since writing the above, I've played another few hours and had another 6 crashes. I'm officially finished with this game until they fix this crashing issue. I've set all graphics to minimum and it is still doing it. Here's a screenshot:http://i.imgur.com/oa7QTzE.jpgI would give this game about a 6/10 overall. The main positive points are the aesthetic level design, graphics and appealing armour sets. Negative things are the attack combos, long levels that don't flow well together. Also, bosses feel like they are just big meat sacks rather than the player being able to mechanically outplay them."
76561198081371819,Not Recommended,265300,23356742,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"Every now and then i find a game that just infuriates me, that was this game. I don't remember percisly why I hate this game(I played it for a few hours months ago), only that it was some stupid game mechanic thing on the first boss that killed any interest I had in contining to play it.If you are a masochist of the highest order and like being enraged by a game this miight be an amazing pick for you, but if thats not your bag steer clear."
76561198094393800,Not Recommended,265300,13590431,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mr anonymous,DO NOT BUY!!!!! DOESNT EVEN WORK WASTE OF MONEY!!
,Not Recommended,265300,21108350,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Hippocrates,This is one of the worst games I've ever played.
76561198072040306,Not Recommended,265300,29386325,Posted: 20 January,all,PimpKing,i am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i cant play it it is a black screen when i start the game
76561197993927762,Not Recommended,265300,34614995,Posted: 30 August,all,adam,It's consolized crap.
76561198119074136,Not Recommended,265300,26742871,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ™,Dark souls 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ all over this.
,Recommended,265300,20855923,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Quickshooter,better than dark souls 2 but more buggy
,Not Recommended,265300,34543046,Posted: 27 August,all,(•‿•) ßärräcüdä,"Crashing steaming pile of crap and performance issues in 2017, 2 years after release. on 12 gb ram 980 gtx with 6gb vram and i7 cpu"
,Recommended,265300,12986108,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Emennius,"In Dork Souls 3™, you play as Big McLargehuge, a bald space marine lost in a medival fantasy world filled with zombies! You'll fight ghastly ghoulies and constant game crashes as you help guide Bolt Vanderhuge back to his own world. Overall, I give this game a 9 out of 11."
,Not Recommended,265300,34823284,Posted: 8 September,all,Tone,this game got me like 'im board'
76561198126001349,Not Recommended,265300,12682997,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,toughnuts15,"I'm a huge fan of Demon's Souls and Dark Souls 1/2... replaying is never an issue because I have equal amounts of fun with new builds, challenge runs, speedrunning, cosplaying, pvp, etc.  The souls games fill whatever void you want them to, because they are designed and balanced with an expert touch, and they are deep on many levels.LotF should not be compared to the Souls series.  It has somewhat similar gameplay concepts, but the execution is so different that it's almost not worth comparing.  Combat is slow (even with the rouge character), and it's just simply not balanced.  Heavy armor and strength seems to be easy mode while going light doesn't carry enough of an advantage to be worthwhile.  It's nearly impossible to avoid all damage, and that seems to be part of the game... trade hits then use a potion.On the subject of weapons/shields... I hate that there's no flexibility in weapon combinations.  I want to be able to swap between a heavy shield and buckler quickly mid-battle for a parry... I don't want to: hit select, point my left stick to 4:00, hit A, find the other shield in the menu, select it, hit B a couple times to cancel out.  Then... what was I doing again? Oh yeah... I was gonna parry.  Enemy dead... lets switch back to my heavy shield (uh!).  If you like to play with the same sword and shield all the time, this is not a problem, but what a difference to the souls series!Finally, and most importantly, the game crashes and glitches constantly.  I think it crashed 3 times in the first 45 minutes of play, and I came across some other strange glitches where enemies would freeze for a minute and then do things they were not meant to.  I expect this stuff to get resolved in patches, but it's not a good start.All in all, it might be fine when you want a short diversion, but it's not something to get excited about."
76561198043276779,Not Recommended,265300,12684394,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Franfo,"This game is marvelous to watch. Just to watch.Scenaries are beautifull, itens are varied and detailed, a good array of visual effects and such... but gameplay is completely CRAP. The character moves are strange, sluggish, combat moves don't flow well, lock target is a mess, the music is boring and the voice acting is awfull and asynchronous.If you want a challenging game, stick with the Dark Souls (1 and 2). This one here is a HUGE WASTE of money."
76561197989501399,Not Recommended,265300,12727512,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Helblinde,"The amounts of crashing is silly, the game is short, too easy, boring bossfights.Would not recommend buying."
,Not Recommended,265300,12677274,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Makototruth,"Combat is sludgy and feels unresponsive. Enemy designs look very similar to another. Graphics are alright but are far to washout by the color gray. Story isn't very interesting and the action is bogged down by cutscenes. (I don't hate cutscenes, but once again the story isn't good) All in all while LoTF has some interesting  ideas and the frame work for a good Arpg, the games short comings hold it back from its full potential. Maybe a LoTF 2 might fix my issues with the game.P.S. I really don't despise this game I wish Steam would add a neutral rating to the user reviews"
76561198050787659,Not Recommended,265300,32844863,Posted: 27 June,all,ZeroKelvin,"All right Maggots! Popo's 'bout to teach you the (Soulslike) pecking order.There's this game.The dirt.The worms in the dirt.Miyazaki's stool.Soulslikes.Dark Souls.Small voice: ""I actually kinda liked Lords of the Fallen...""PECKING ORDER!(*Gets kicked off cliff by Patches*)(If you're not internet-savvy, this means don't buy the game.)"
76561198285003113,Not Recommended,265300,33642256,Posted: 18 July,all,El Jefe Speaks,"Lords of the Fallen is like Dark Souls II, except there is nothing good about it."
,Recommended,265300,13000032,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,HotS > DotA,After being stuck in the first boss for 40 minutes I must say: this game will have your soul and you will return tomorrow begging for more.
76561197995988493,Not Recommended,265300,12728342,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Panickattack,"This game is so hard it won't even launch! even though its says 72mins of play time that's just time trying to get it to work. ''Server not reachable, please check your internet and try again'' lol"
76561197970487219,Not Recommended,265300,13460328,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,AWPC,Highly unstable & causes constant GPU driver crashes. Should not be sold as a finished game on Steams it barely early access stable!Please avoid unless you want to experience constant crashing with no warning whatsoever! I have asked for a full refund for the first time in over 10 years a Steam purchaser!
,Not Recommended,265300,26323593,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Kei Mist,"its bad, the end."
76561198120782473,Not Recommended,265300,33620264,Posted: 17 July,all,WohsEdis,"character response was slow, trying to strike after a Roll was impossible, character voice acting was horrible along with there animations during a cut seen, just could get into the game but I can be super picky"
76561198074450875,Not Recommended,265300,12761480,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,iromashko,"Don't buy until first patch - now game is unplayable, constant crashing between 5-10 minutes."
,Not Recommended,265300,25794257,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BattelMatter,badly optimised peice of crap soul clone
,Recommended,265300,13007662,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Wollowon,Not Bad Not Good.
,Not Recommended,265300,32813399,Posted: 26 June,all,Koifish,"Jesus Christ is this game awful. Buy Dark Souls instead, and if you've already bought it, play it again."
76561198156354664,Not Recommended,265300,14392975,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Ramna - level 99 pub fighter,no..just no
76561198055354432,Not Recommended,265300,12718271,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Alex,Buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good luck getting it work if you use amd gear.Seems to be running on my nvidia laptop though.Needs to be patched
,Not Recommended,265300,12718974,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,LuxÆterna,"Ok so I bought this game having high ambitions, only to be let down,Games crashes ALOT, and its not consistent, sometimes while its during a fight, sometimes its just moving around the map, so if I had a chance to get my money back I would.Lords of the Fallen needs major fixes, I have a high end computer and I reduce the graphics in-game and its still does nothing to stop the crashing.CI Games and Deck 13, sort your♥♥♥♥♥♥and test your games more before releasing it."
,Not Recommended,265300,12672965,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,DFCHarem,"Do not buy this game yet as the devs latest patch has yet to fix the stability of the game. I am sure it is fun and all but when the game crashes over and over again before being able to experience what the game has to offer is very hard to accomplish. Not recommending due to the fact some people may not even be able to play the game with the required specs due to the devs not debugging and properly testing the game on pc for these types of things.UPDATE #1: Finally managed to get the game to not crash that often(still crashes once per 20 minutes if lucky otherwise 5-10 minute intervals....) but the performance and fps tends to drop and slow down to 1-2 fps. This normally happens though loading into a new zone and on some enemies/bosses who have a lot of effects and what not.Ignoring the technical side though the game is enjoyable and I am sure much more enjoyable if I did not go a Faith build as 9 hours in and I have found only 4 Faith weapons and at least 25+ of STR and AGIL weapons. This lack in variety is somewhat upsetting but still if you play the other builds you will have plenty of options to pick from. Same goes for the armor it all looks over the top and wide variety to choose from and mix and match.The combat unless using daggers or duel weilding swords is very sluggish. At the start of the game the slow speed is fine but when enemies can combo later on and poise break in 2 hits swinging at the speed of molasses is not fun and you feel like you have not progressed at all while the enemies have. Many of the bosses are interesting and have their own mechanics but some are meh while other fights will stick with you. Overall the combat is fine but not much more for me than that. Though I do enjoy it even though it can be frustrating at times when thinking back to souls games and how fluid the combat was. Here it is much slower for non duel weild or 1h weapons.Now my biggest problem besides performance is lack of enemy types and the map. The variety in enemies is very limited and you will be seeing the same ones over and over again. Same goes for the scenery and zones. At first it will seem big and lots to explore but once you get used to the game you will notice that it is very linear, which I don't hold against it, but the game forces you to backtrack over and over with minor variations to enemy spawns. There are only 2 areas the real world and the other dimension which both are not that large but have many intertwining passages and corridors. Since most of the terrain in these areas look a like I found myself wasting time trying to figure out where I was and needed to go. I am not this bad at having a sense of direction in games but I found myself lost numerous times walking in circles.Overall I still don't recomend to buy the game as is due to the game still having performance issues and the fact that the content of the game is not as vast as it makes out to be. Though if you are a fan soul like games then this is a safe buy since I trust the devs will get the bugs sorted out eventually but for those who are not fans but may want to try out the game I say wait a little and get on sale or at a later date when the bugs are squashed.I say the game is a solid 7/10. It will keep you entertained but has its flaws stopping it from being more than just another above average game."
,Not Recommended,265300,28864395,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kimuraa,"This 'Dark Souls Clone' if it can even be called that is nothing more than a ripoff, a complete waste of time. The game is clunky, slow, boring. It doesn't even deserve to be called a clone of Dark Souls.In short, go play Dark Souls instead."
76561198059444092,Not Recommended,265300,12717785,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,julioberuvides,"Love the game it had so much potential, but I can't give a good review when..The glitches. Stuck in walls, Crash, Settings wont save, game is too short, NG+ has nothing new, ect ect.If you like Dark Soul 2 and can deal with the issues mentioned and a short game, then you will enjoy it."
76561198022538234,Not Recommended,265300,12718756,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,IISSU3SS,"Lame game, what a waste of money. DLC is crud, slow boring action. Nothing new here... just another game to uninstall"
76561198252191994,Not Recommended,265300,35061545,Posted: 19 September,all,xelnagaartifact,"Bought this on sell and try it.  2hrs in and what I got is monsters with shield and more monsters with shield.  They can block and do quick attack while blocking, but you? nah, just your char with slow attack motion."
,Not Recommended,265300,33618618,Posted: 17 July,all,AKuma,"Tries to be a souls game, does not succeed. Good graphics is about all the game has going for it. Combat feels very clunky and uninteresting, really tried to like it but just cant."
,Not Recommended,265300,31317966,Posted: 23 April,all,Redka!,Combat very clumsy.Not interesting at all.Died few times trying to kill 1st boss.Didn't get my attention.
76561198029750926,Not Recommended,265300,28864376,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The12leafclover,This game is a complete rip off
,Recommended,265300,13626455,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ichmag,Dark Souls is a good game.
,Recommended,265300,20595317,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,This game rocks and I apologzie for disparging it in my last review. I'm some sort of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,265300,31752275,Posted: 14 May,all,Pistolet ♠,"It's like Dark Souls, but BORING.cons:boring levelsboring enemiesboring charactersboring storyboring droppros:nice graphics and character controlwith another screenwriter and level designer this game could be born realy good"
76561198038980058,Not Recommended,265300,12678668,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Jaeu,"Terrible. Beat the first boss and got just past the cutscene with Yetka. Game feels very unresponsive, slow and extremely clumsy. Wish I hadn't bothered.Deep regret."
76561198041814471,Not Recommended,265300,12714551,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SunnySide,"NOT reccommended.If it was JUST a Dark Souls ripoff, Then sure, It'd be fine!As it stands, It's a subpar ""ripoff"" [The loosest possible way to use that term] that instead makes it have clunkier controls, frustrating gameplay complete with gimmicks, the weapon-play in the game is subpar at best, with little to no reward, yawnworthy story and terrible characterizations, and lastly, a terrible runecrafting system that seems to be less than effective. The bosses range from predictable, to outright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and this was from spending an entire day going through the game consistantly.Definetly not worth the money you want to spend on it. DONT be lured into the ♥♥♥♥ing trap! SAVE YOUR WALLET. Or if you really want to get it, make ABSOLUTELY sure that you get it at the inevidable 75% price drop for the usual low quality games that sell this poorly.Stuff like this makes me wish Steam in general gave refunds for very poor games."
,Not Recommended,265300,12722425,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,LuciusKaine,"Come on, year 2014 and still being stingy on Character Customisation? To say have a single protagonist is better for the story, is total utter BS. The story in this game is a cringe, the attempts of the female lead in being witty comes off as a dry stick.  The same old tired story of a criminal saving the world. Nothing of worth.Combat is slow, dreadfully slow. None of the fluid movement the souls series offer.  I can understand if a low strength character swings heavy weapon as if he puts his life behind every swing. How is my 30 strength character having such a tough time swinging a 2-hander with a str requirement of 15? Lack of thoughts, pure copy-paste and trying to improve in all the wrong areas.If not for the lack of other game titles of this game style, this would have been a total flop, other reviewers are being way too kind and their hunger for more Souls titles shows, although misplaced in this tragic doppelganger.Edit: After putting some more hours behind this game, it's even worse than I thought. Tons of useless weapons, non-reversible leveling, constant and frequent crashes will certainly test the limits of your patience. Rogue is a pointless class, being just generally weaker than warrior in all aspects. The magic system is a bizzare collection of useless spells with casting animation longer than the time I can make tea. Bosses are boring, uninspired and repetitive. Dodge Dodge poke, or if you want to play lame, just range them all and wait for your ""gun"" *cough* magic to regen.Strongly not recommended, save your money for Bloodborne, or even replay the Souls series. This is a badly optimised copy that only managed to copy combat style, but failed at everything else. Definitely not a first month purchase, wait for the inevitable steam sales."
76561197971124277,Not Recommended,265300,12717023,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Error,"More like ""Lords of the it freezes on the intro videos"""
76561198045656379,Not Recommended,265300,12704801,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Valas115,"This game is short, shallow and pretty. NG+ is not a new difficulty, just a replay. The world the game exists in is tiny. It has you reclear the same spaces multiple times and it uses locked doors to maximize the tiny space. The combat system is really thin. Where a souls game would have multiple movesets for wielding a weapon, 2 handing a weapon or power stancing a weapon, this game only has the move set for the weapon. Since your offhand is always a shield or their gauntlet magic device, there cannot be any dual wielding. However, you'll find pretty quickly that your shield is worthless because it's much more efficient to just hug the monsters and strafe around them. The magic system is an absolute joke.About the only thing this game did right is the art for the hero's armor, very pretty stuff.tldr: I'll be avoiding these developers in the future."
76561198019331099,Not Recommended,265300,20250720,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Titanofdoom,"I have a beast of a PC, yet it crashes and is appallingly optimized.Stay away from this game!"
,Not Recommended,265300,12697497,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Captain Swag Daddy,"Quick review : Dont buy this game. This game feels very sloppy and the combat irritating at best. This game feels like Dark souls 2 with a laggy/sloppy fighting system where the monsters will always be faster/hit harder then you. A large amount of the monsters also have shields and will go from blocking to attacking faster then you can, straight back into blocking again"
,Not Recommended,265300,12702114,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Broseff,"You may notice I have very few hours on this. Most people would consider that a bad point and would not pay attention to my thoughts on the game, because how could I possibly have formed an opinion when I obviously haven't finished the game? The reason I have this few hours is because it only took this long for me to not even want to continue.This game wants to be Dark Souls. Now, I love Dark Souls, but I'm no fanboy. In fact, I'm extremely new to the Dark Souls type game, but I do like it and I do like the gameplay. It's tough as hell, but fair and relies on you to master your weapons, character and environment. This game is tough in a different way, but not a good way. All your standard enemies are very easy to take care of and don't provide much challenge. In fact, any part of this game that is outside of the Lord (boss) areas is pretty linear and just... Boring. Not much effort required to clear the path and find your next objective. The next objective is usually ""Kill this Lord and come talk to me"".The first Lord was interesting, his health bar is separated into quarters, and each quarter changed the way he fought. I had to adapt on the fly. Overall, it was a great experience and was a very satisfying fight. The following Lords were not so, they didn't change when their health reached a segment, and their difficulty relied on spawning in helper enemies to harass you while you try to fight the Lord. That's not difficulty by design, that's cheap difficulty.The problem with this is, the controls do not respond well enough for me to fight more than one enemy at a time. Each hit makes me stumble, regardless of it being blocked (which by the way, 100% blocking shield doesn't mean 100% blocking in this game for some reason) and several enemies have enough speed to land a bunch of hits on you in amount of time it takes you to recover and control yourself at all. It doesn't take long for it to become a small cycle that puts you all the way from full health down to death and you haven't been able to regain control yet. The controls are sluggish and kind of unresponsive which isn't entirely good for a game that wants you to soldier through bosses that give you very little window to actually do damage.The Lord that made me quit relied on these spawning tactics to keep beating me down for an entire 1hr+ long session. Each attempt lasted around 5 minutes, so you can understand why I would become frustrated. When his health reached a segment, he responded with an AoE attack that covered the entire area. Oh, and it's a one hit kill. And I have little buggers attacking me and forcing me out into dangerous areas. If the little buggers don't kill me, that AoE does. Repeat process. Again. And again. And again.The game is very pretty, but this aspect also suffers. My machine has a fair amount of power behind it, and has managed to run modern games like a dream. The most modern probably being Shadow of Mordor. I ran that on max settings and it had no trouble at all. This game, however, stutters like crazy. I managed to fix this by turning off the awful Post-Processing effects. Not only did this greatly improve performance, it looks a lot nicer, too. It looks like a dark, wartorn environment instead of a JJ Abrams movie.The voice acting is subpar at best. I don't know who voiced Harkyn, but I'm not sure he's aware he's meant to appear to be talking to other people. It sounds a bit like someone talking into a mirror in the deepest voice they can muster. Honestly, he sounds like a creepy pervert talking down the phone to his current stalking victim. Maybe that's what he was in prison for, who knows? I for sure don't as I didn't finish the story. Also, when your energy bar depletes he starts breathing very heavily like he's jerking off. Maybe he was a pervert.If you want Dark Souls, don't expect much because it doesn't really play anywhere near the same. I really wish this could've been better. It looked so promising, but didn't quite cut it for me. Disappointing."
76561198071219647,Not Recommended,265300,12719294,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Faiz,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME ;IT CRASHES ON EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING THING;♥♥♥♥ IT AND THE DEVOLEPERI CANT BELIVE I WASTED MONEY ON THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥I WANT MY MONEY BACK
76561198138245035,Recommended,265300,12672120,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,turboboa,hard as hell but worth the struggle
,Not Recommended,265300,33615862,Posted: 17 July,all,Fo,"Dark Souls is a genre defining game because it combines fair gameplay with smooth storytelling.I'm truly sorry to say something like this, but I couldn't get past one hour in Lords Of The Fallen because of laughable writing.It's not a genuinely bad game, it's the one that will leave you frustrated because you'll know that it could be so much better with some little adjustments.I'll leave a few examples:Remove or simplify the inventory systemMake bosses do more damage, but have less healthRemove the cutscenes or maybe even all of the NPCsIt is hard to not to compare this one to Dark Souls, because you should be getting it instead of Lords Of The Fallen."
76561198006555431,Not Recommended,265300,35090394,Posted: 20 September,all,CheekyGIT,What is it these days with making RPG's so bloody difficult and then everyone claiming it's a good thing?
,Not Recommended,265300,35062389,Posted: 19 September,all,Nashiq,"Edit: The bulk of my revew is based on my console experience and the number of bugs found within.  However, it took less than an hour on PC to find yet another bug that halted my progress so I do not expect the PC version is any better.The bad: unplesant and buggy.  extremely slow pacing.  kept losing hours of progress due to game breaking bugs.the good:wasn't nearly as bad as bound by flame... and the visuals were quite good."
,Not Recommended,265300,12708308,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,The Presence,"BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!A working review.Well I only got 105 minutes into the game and it's amazing I got to this point. Not because it's a difficult game but the game is just a performance mess. I don't have the top of the line rig but it's by no means a slouch. At the moment the game sturggles to reach 60fps on medium setting with all other settings turned off. At some points it even dips below 30fps. Even people with Nvidia in their rig are reporting bad performace. So far it doesn't seem to effect everyone but a large majority of people are reporting various issues.I was very much looking forward to playing this game and seeing how steam has a very user friendly refund policy; it looks like I'll have to wait until the developer fix the issues.again, BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK.Will update this review as the developer issue fixes.i5 2500kRadeon R9 280xWindows 8.1 w/8gb ram."
,Not Recommended,265300,35069355,Posted: 19 September,all,Unkindled,"[Short review]Bought this game 80% discount, but feel like what a waste of money.Don't let discount and trailer video make you buy this game.[Why?]-Slow movement with nonsense of physics-Character shaking your display when he walking all the time (why? so annoy)-Slow interaction with Joystick [no problem with other game]-Acting of character when you won like you lose-etc. of slowly nonsense gameplay things"
76561197971294602,Not Recommended,265300,12708897,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Murica,"From constantly dieing, to enemies lunging at you from across the map with no way to dodge (Not exageration), confusingg craft system, no stealth game play what so ever.. ( the so called stealth gameplay.... you literally WALK up behind someone, gives you no prompt and you just have to hope the instant kill works, most the time it does not register and you jsut end up fighting normally). No sense of direction.. it gives you a main objective.. but basically you just wonder around until you find it... THERE IS NO MAP, story is kind of lame, the character acting is horrid..... i bout dark souls 2 tryed playing it, this is the same game but with way better graphics.Not a fan of these kinds of game but i am open minded and wanted to give it a try.. i would like it better if enemies did not just lung at me from across map, litterally even if you dodge they still hit you because they like lock on and just fly towards you, its so stupid.OVER ALL THIS GAME IS BAD, IF YOUR A FAN OF NOT KNOWING WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ TO DO AND DIEING VERY EASILY AND STUPIDLY, YOU WILL LOVE THIS.Oh yea and the ""powers"" and lame as ♥♥♥♥ lol... so useless."
76561198098807296,Not Recommended,265300,12714050,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Profilnamn,Repetering boss moves boring game play and glitchy and my character keeps getting stuck in random places.
,Not Recommended,265300,12713412,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Owlski,"THIS!This is the reason why I don't like to pre-order games.Now before I go on a spree, let me say this:Lords of the Fallen seems to be a promising game with competitive combat and a feeling similar to that of Dark Souls.HOWEVER, this is as far as my knowledge of this game goes.Why?Well, to plainly put it simple....The game has a lot of bugs. (at the time of this review)How buggy?For me personally, I am unable to progress PAST the start menu of the game. In fact, I can't even SEE the start menu of the game!I know I'm not the only one who's encountering issues simillar to these, and I know others are able to run their games fine without too much hassle.This game however, charged for a fully priced, new, released game SHOULD NOT have been released until the major bugs have been sorted out.I am honestly disappointed, since I was looking forward to this game. The game had a lot of promise to be good, and possibly still does. But by releasing a game with tons of issues, it makes you wonder if the devs care about the game at all, or just making $$$.No I won't continue to rant about how bad this game is.Cause honestly? The gameplay looks good. The visuals look amazing.It's not the game that's bad; It's the bugs and issues that should of been sorted out BEFORE it's release that's causing this game to plummet.As it currently stands at the time of this review, I would not purchase this game.Wait until they patch the bigger issues, so it's at least playable, and wait for it to go on sale.~Owl"
,Recommended,265300,13096492,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Müsta,Better combat than Dark Souls-A huge Dark Souls fan
76561198094442581,Not Recommended,265300,13098580,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,samedro27,Freezes at the same spot everytime in the second cutscene of the game so i cant even play it.  I wouldn't recommend getting this game unless it is completely fixed and on sale.
76561197994222394,Not Recommended,265300,12701890,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,team_shocker69,cant get past the alienware logo. i can hear the title music. tried everything on my end. also had this problem with wolfenstien .. which i still cant play. even tho i spent 3 k on my tower
76561198073044954,Not Recommended,265300,19340284,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Gunnar,It is a game sucks
76561198252316446,Not Recommended,265300,20240201,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,cjbutcher23,"DO NOT BUY IT, ITS NON REFUNDABLE.GRAPHICS ARE GREAT, STORY LOOKS COOL, BUT IM FIGHTING THE CONTROLS, AND I HAVE A RAZOR NAGA EPIC, AND A RAZOR NASRTOMO.I WOULD LOVE TO HAVE MY MONEY BACK"
,Not Recommended,265300,12697851,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Yijuwarp,"If you were looking for your next souls fix when you purchased this game you will be dissapointed. It tries to be like souls but fails. Mind you it doesnt fail horribly, but misses the mark in every aspect."
,Not Recommended,265300,12678953,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Voldrin,"Today I am writing a review of a blank screen, because after three hours of trying I couldn't get the game to even start. Couldn't find anything online to help, even tried updating my drivers. Restarted several times. Still won't start. I don't care if anyone elese gives any praise at all for this game. I want my money back.GG."
,Not Recommended,265300,12679124,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,SQRV,so many bugs and crashes -_-
76561198044843703,Recommended,265300,13041061,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,bvc100x,good game but not great... just sometime crash
,Not Recommended,265300,12718870,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"Its just a cheap Dark Souls Clone. Next to everything was ripped strait from the heart of Dark Souls. When you die, you loose your Xp, but you can store Xp by leveling up. BRILLIANCE.You can rest at checkpoints to restore health and health potions.Enemies are hard to kill, and they will kill you more then you will kill them.What else am I forgetting?Oh, yes, the 3 stances of rollingThe feel of combatThe controlsName it, its here.A++ for inovation, guys.Maybe this wouldn't be so bad if the game wasn't bugged to hell and back. I mean, I love Dark Souls, and Dark Souls 2. God knows i've played them enough.But as I was saying, the game is broken. For one, i've had 3 crashes in my 3 hours. Then there was the game cooking my CPU/GPU.Also, the game took up 90% of my i3-3220, and 7GB RAM. No Joke. Nice one,game, nice one."
76561198029959851,Not Recommended,265300,12692960,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,unseen_83,- Hard Fight when 3-4 Foe/ only way save game true checkpoint/Repeat same enemy RESPWAN same location..-Clunky action gameplay /slow reaction from controller to movement animation action..-You are severely handicap by enemy movement/attack faster then you are... it seem only human with endurance bar rest foe is twice stronger...-Enemy  same after  level (demon with huge sword/Sheild or Obese enemy with crossbow/hellhound)-Hit Damage  by your weapon seem to be no reaction (sometime) and u can't break enemy combo attack.. while enemy Easyly break your combo...-after 3-4 hour seem to be repeat...  enjoyment seem to be drain by longer playing the game...
76561198054856545,Not Recommended,265300,12702241,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,SexyDave,"I would not recommended this game to anyone looking for a hack and slash game. This simply is not. Its feels slugish because weight slows you down, but you fight bosses that are faster and stronger then you. I havent even killed the first boss yet, but I will keep trying because I already bought it. If your not good at evading attacks or you get super frustrated at dying and repeating battles, then I suggest you don't bother with this game."
76561198045555597,Not Recommended,265300,12691322,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,MajesticAF,"GAME BREAKING BUGS:Got half way through on this piece of crud and hit a bug where every time I start the game I die immediately. Insta death. Gotta start over, but the game sucks and I'm unwilling to do that. I am returning this. Let's hope this company and valve and so terrible as to not accept a return on a broken game. Not just broken, but terrible. A horrible Dark Souls wannabe. Generic, copy and paste environments and enemies. The only difficulty comes from obscure things that nobody would think of unless as a last resort. Damage spunge enemies and bosses. Absolutely dreadful. Take the worst parts, the worst accusations of the worst parts of Dark Souls 2 and add in a clunky, cruddy combat system and you have Lords of the Fallen. Please, dear god return my money. This is the worst purchase I've made in years, and I'm an impulse buyer."
76561198031328124,Recommended,265300,20170920,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Rizilliant,"I wrote this review, as i progressed through the game.. So each point, is written in real time, as i was experiencing the positives, and negatives..  You'll note that my opinions change over the course.. Its not Souls, but a great attempt!-Its beautiful. The graphics, environment, characters, weapons/armors. Top notch quality! It claims the enemies have the same rules you do.. Stagger, weight, momentum, etc.. This is blatantly false, and you will notice it in the prologue (this was my biggest issue with the game overall).Slow swings i can deal with, but the 1h Maces' terrible reach, & overly slow windup (even your ""fast"" attack) is painful.. I opted for medium armored Cleric, with the hammer, and shield & Red Magic.. I dropped the hammer asap, and i LOVE hammers! The 1st boss was almost the end of the game for me, as it told you how to swing, dodge, and then puts you up at a boss fight almost immediately.. Frusteration, is not fun for me, nor is trial and error.. Ive beaten all 3 souls games multiple times, and thoroughly enjoyed those.. Never was Frusteration part of it.. It always felt like player error when i lost.. This is alot of fighting the mechanics, and stick and move.. Ill bet 9/10 player will opt to play the heavily armored tank, and trade blows, as it feels like the only way to play..But its pretty, if your rig can handle it.. The trash mobs are too weak, and the bosses are not fun.. The only redeeming factor, besides the graphics, are all the armor/weapons... WHich is useless, if the game isnt fun to play!(some of my opinions here changed as i progressed)*****UPDATE*****Played several more levels, and hours, beat 3 or 4 bosses accross 2 different classes.. 1 the medium/heavy armored Cleric with very slow weapons (much harder to progress), the 2nd light armored dual wield/staff Rogue (much easier with the fast weapons)  As i said above, the game tries to claim that enemies abide by the same rules that govern the player, and its just not true.. They can attack you while youre in the middle of a flurry, but a little jab stops and staggers your combo.. Unless you have high poise, and heavy armor, even blocking will stagger slightly. The only weapons i was able to stagger enmies with, were maces/hammers.. Unfortunately, they are so insanely slow, and with terrible reach, landing an attack is rage endusing! Theres no closing steps, or any type of way to close a gap, short of tapping forward, and heavy attack to do the lunging attack. Enemies are always able to track your rolls (especially bosses), and can and will land an attack that should have landed far behind you. This rule does not apply to the player.(staggering is helped with AP)Basically, everything staggers, stuns, slows, or interupts the player, but very few things hold true for enemies.. They also do not appear to have  a stamina bar, of any sort. While you will struggle early on, to get anything more than a 2 shot, MAYBE 3x combo, enemies can pound away. Even with a Greatshield and Greatsword.Sound cuts out, as do the little collectible audio logs. Some will not play at all..Because the main attack, and block buttons are the bumpers on a 360 controller, often times your actions will not respond.. Lets face it, those buttons are garbage, and break 1st on the controller. They suck.. And because they do, the gameplay suffers.I wanna say, i have fun when all is working well.. But its definitely a B class Souls game.. Im torn.. Some may like it, others wont.. It will help to not compare it to Souls.. I trying, but its an obvious clone, and difficult to ignore.-Update-Im now playing as my 3rd different class.. Most of the enemies feel like 1 trick ponies.. Meaning, they have only 1 way to be beaten.. So if you have a preferred way of play, youll be swapping it alot.. Changing weapons for their preferred enemy.. The fast weapons still hold top slot for most! The bosses, have all felt the same (as far as ive been to my 5th boss).Magic (if you can call it that) is exactly the same 4 spells for all 3 styles, with different names.. And they are really short buff times, and long cast times.. So theres no 'magic class'.. Which could be a good thing, since Souls felt like easy mode for a caster.. Having played as many, i feel confident saying its much, MUCH easier to play as a caster for 99/100 bosses accross the series! But, the options is nice..Atleast its there.....The camera.. Oh god this camera is awful!  Nearing a wall, or being knocked over puts the camera behind you as such, that Harkyn becomes invisible, so you dont know if he has stood back up or not.. Spamming dodge until he stands is the best way to know, else waiting until the enemy goes into his combo! I find far too many situations, where my camera has screwed me! The large bosses is another..Lock-on, doesnt function in high tense situations, and only seems to work when you have a clear LoS, and are not trying desperately in the fray to lock on to a target as hes circling you (or you, him). Trying to fight without lockon, unlike Souls', is abysmal! (Lock on at start of combat, or regret it)You'll notice that some of the enemies wont allow dmg to be inflicted when you knock them down..As theyre laying on their back. This rule also, does not apply to you. (so many rules do not)-Minor Spoiler-Bossfight with ""Beast"" was the worst yet.. The camera was constantly blocked off by the animal, and could never see what was going on.. The yellow bar thats supposed to empty for you to stagger him, didnt work AT ALL! It would drain randomly, and i mean COMPLETELY random! Sometimes i would take half ot if in a single hit, but then nothing else would lower it.. But it would chip away his hp instead? Other times, it would actually FILL IT UP!? It made no sense.. I thought maybe only can use either light, or heavy attacks,, Nope.. Made no difference.. I was only ever able to lowerr his yellow stagger bar on the initial hit, then some random attack would finally empty it.. I basically had to face tank that entire fight.. Tactics didnt work.. Sometimes when i finally did get him staggered, his head would fall outside the boundaries, rendering it out of reach of attacks.. The Dodge/hit registry was also horribly off on this boss, as you had to roll long before he ever started swinging.. His legs appear to be open, so you should walk between to get behind him, but this is folly.. Its an invisible wall, and you must roll under him entirely, or walk around him.. Very poorly implemented! Hits only register on the back of his legs,not the front.---Final Update---*After a few dozen hours in this game, and several different character archetypes, and Magics, i feel as though i am having fun (When everything is working). I use the term ""working"" loosely, as im not referring to technical issues (ive only had 2 crashes, 1 of which only happened after 30+hours) Its fun.. All of my previous points hold true still, but you learn to work with/around them while playing.. I love the over exaggerated armors/weapons, and beautiful artstyle of the graphics. The heavy combat, and challenging style is great.. My wish, is that this game has a sequel, with the issues get fixed.. (And a longer game, it is very short).I still cannot recommend this game at full retail price, but at something like $30.00 brand new i could get onboard with.. I got it on sale for $9.99 during the Christmas sale, and feel like i got more than my money worth! So if its on sale, and your a fan of the Souls series, its definitely a must have, but ONLY on sale.."
,Not Recommended,265300,13453541,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Tjdwarf,"if your looking for a game like dark souls this is a waste of money, infact i just didnt enjoy it combat slow and basic. its just properly executed game and it had so much potential"
,Not Recommended,265300,12713899,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lusoka,"I'd say something about this game, but let's be simply put. It's not finished. When they complete their game, it can have reviews. Till then, wait until it's done."
,Not Recommended,265300,12709717,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,KraziYeti,"Video settings do not hold, it's chuggy on even the lowest settings, Dark Souls wannabe that doesn't measure up in any way. Put it in my ""crap"" pile and deleted it."
76561198023765843,Not Recommended,265300,12702851,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,OG-Tortoise,"Ok...so I just killed the first Warden.  And like other reviews have mentioned, if you're a souls fan you'll notice a GREAT difference in the level of difficulty.  Down the first Warden like it was nothing....I used one pot only because I was trying to figure out how to and during the process of trying different buttons I got clipped.Soo...loving the mechancs/phsysics of dark souls...this feels slower but really more the combat.  Character movement speed is okay.  After downing the second warden...again on the FIRST TRY...I can say that it's not as sluggish as some may say.  I rolled a rogue and they are quick but don't expect dark souls rolling if you remove armor.  The roll after removing armor still feels lackingIf dark souls was too hard for you then this may be more your speed.  But I honestly am disappointed as this could have been much better.  The cut scenes are kinda lame as far as choosing dialogue.  Honestly that was just a waste of time.Backstabs are easy to get so far...a little too easy.  After enemies finish their animations I think the window for getting backstabs is slightly too long.  I'm talking about half a second here so it's really a small difference.  I have found no need to parry because it's so easy to roll dodge attacks.In summary, this game just makes me want to play dark souls.  That feeling of ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥I don't want to walk down this corridor with dead bodies everywhere"" feeling just isn't there.  But again, if Dark Souls was too hard, this would be perfect for you.  It's clear, and to be fair they admittted, it's to be more accessible to gamers that were scared away from dark souls.  But I'm a souls fan through and through, so of course this isn't my cup of tea.**Update** I've put a little more time into this and about 2 hours in the game crashed twice.  After the 2nd warden the game gets a little more difficult...just a little.  However the difficulty was casted aside by parrying.  Omg enemies are so easy by parrying their attacks and parrying takes little to no effort to pull off.  Much longer window than dark souls"
76561198131411057,Not Recommended,265300,12689263,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,donkyPuncher22,"This game has all the elements I love.  Great graphics awesome game with spells levling up, items, etc.   Soo many cool aspects but they make it ridiculously too hard during boss fights.  I can beat the first damn boss of the game with the warrior.  I can with the other two characters but I want the warrior.  Its too hard they make him too slow,  and they say they make up for it because he has armor and can block.  But even if you block you still die, but of course you cant hurt him except a small 1 second window.  ITs stupid.  Stupid stupid.   maybe if you could change the difficulty or maybe make it so you can actually roll where you are trying to roll.  F this game"
76561197965676868,Not Recommended,265300,12692509,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,[LPW] Spano,Everytime i'm against a boss i fall asleep
76561198329926843,Not Recommended,265300,35080492,Posted: 20 September,all,dzer0,If you are fast paced hack and slash lover then dont waste your time in this game...... worst control mechanism ........
76561198042828058,Not Recommended,265300,13101616,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,colorclaw,I would love to rate this game based on  my playing experiance. However that would mean i actually got to play the  game. That is not the case since it dose nothing but crash to black screen with some nice background music . I am very disappointed in the fact that the games been out for a month and has had a patch and these issues are still not fixed. Steam should  remove the game from its server list and give us players are money back. Iam VERY unhappy and feel as though i just wasted my money that i could have put somewhere else. DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT PURCHASE THIS STEAMING PILE OF HUMAN WASTE!!!
76561197978030013,Not Recommended,265300,13005905,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,-MERKAVA-,"-Bad performance, my pc is well above recommended.-Bad story-Bad combat mechanics-Repetitive gameplay"
76561198051818674,Not Recommended,265300,12676118,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Done25,"Oh Lords of the Fallen, let me count the ways you irk me...1. Your ""Ghost"" (Aka. Soul Stain) will rapidly begin to fade away if you die too many times. Forcing you to either let it vanish in a puff of smoke or do a suicide run in order to try and reach it in time. (And then presumably die afterwards.)2. EVERYTHING HAS A SHEILD. Get used to waiting for the enemy to awlays make the first move. Your attacks bounce off and they turns too fast for you to circle around them.3. Speakign of tunring around. The mobs have godly levels of tracking. Expect them to turn 180* at the end of a full out charge to hit you. And then recover in 1/10th of a second after they attack.4. Of the fours bosses I know about, each and every one is  ""Giant dude in full body armor"". This applies to a vast majority of the regular mobs as well so far.5. The god awful ""combo"" system - If you can magically figure out what the timing is for a weapon you will consume less stamina, and even do a combo if you're sual wielding smaller weapons. Unfortunately the timing so so random and so TIGHT that pulling it off intetionally is near impossible. And sucks to be you if you accidentally do a combo while trying to get in a single hit then get your face smashed in by a boss.6. The frame rate. Ugh. The Chromatic Abberation. Ugh. Turn off the latter to fix the former, or you're going to be motion sick the entire time you play this as your FPS bounces between 25~50 frames every other second. Even if you have a card than can handle the game.7. Forced vsync. Why? I had to go into the .txt file they gratefully provide us with and MANUALLY turn this off.8. The Foundation Boost. Wow. Buy DLC to get a ""free"" additional 2 stat points and a starting potion. Why are you doing this?9. Bosses randomly gain 99% damage reduction, foring to to wait out their attacks or kill the minions they summon first."
76561198016158751,Not Recommended,265300,13091848,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,HandofAnubis,I was able to get to the First boss..... since then I might as well have thrown 50 bucks in the trash. Since the first crash after the boss it has yet to load past the start menu crashing immediately. Do not buy this game unless they can fix it. Seems to have little to no support....
76561198086028705,Not Recommended,265300,23933531,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Phoenix Gearfried,Lords Of The  Crush And Low fps
76561198072359181,Not Recommended,265300,13463272,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Guardianslayer9,"Devs be like, ""Thanks for the money, good luck getting it to run!"""
76561198123022463,Not Recommended,265300,12690585,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,real SkinXchange.com,Would not reccomend this game at all. Bosses are way too OP and with the balance of armor and skill set its more of a nuisance then it is fun.
76561198022050599,Not Recommended,265300,12686271,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,sydsam,Crashes often
,Not Recommended,265300,31261631,Posted: 20 April,all,One Punch Man,♥♥♥♥♥copy of dark souls with cheap difficulty curve and cheap bosses. This game sucks in comparision to Dark souls series.
,Not Recommended,265300,12702973,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,EitherOr,"This game sucks some much♥♥♥♥♥♥that your mother might not even be able to handle it. The fact that i can clear a few rooms/mobs then get suprise attacked for my entire life bar and half to turn around and spend another 145 days clearing said mobs is atroucious. Let alone the fact that the game crashes more than a two doller hooker on crack. If you want to buy a game that will make you want to punch a baby in the face this is your game. Otherwise you should look away from wasting your money. Also, ♥♥♥♥ this game. Thanks, with love, me."
,Not Recommended,265300,12679884,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Fläskpannkaka,"It dosent give you any strategies to use against enemies and so early in  a new game thats not really good, and the crashes dosent help really"
,Recommended,265300,12673002,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Still here,Game won't launch. Stuck at black screen when launching the game. Any help?
76561198068962651,Not Recommended,265300,12926399,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Dungeon Rogue,"Avoid at all costs.Could have, and probably is a good game. However is plagued with serious performance issues and crashes. On top of that, todays patch 1.3 as of 13/11/2014 has made things worse!!!My worst purchase on Steam for a long time."
76561198003389120,Not Recommended,265300,12702678,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Johnny Three Fingers,Clunky souls and will crash from time to time for whatever reason. Pray it dosen't happen during a boss fight like it did with me right when I killed him.
76561197997054928,Not Recommended,265300,33591289,Posted: 16 July,all,MidEastBeast,"Feels like one of those diablo-style phone games.  Only this one is third person, and there's way to much going on (i.e. character leveling, etc.).  Not souls-like at all, most people who say that probably failed hard at Dark Souls.  This game is 'meh' only get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,265300,33633365,Posted: 18 July,all,RamrodGamingTV,"Boring. A watered down, easy version of dark souls. Mechanics are very sluggish. Dont waste your time."
76561198049330868,Not Recommended,265300,13064253,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,[SSIS]guitarguise,"Okay don't buy this game. Seriously. I went in with an open mind, saying ""It's not going to be like Dark Souls, so chill. Just enjoy the gameplay.""But no. Absolutely no. It's slow, boring, and really taxing on my computer. My computer is a gaming PC, and by all accounts it should be able to run this game. I even Googled the specs, and my computer checks out fine. But there's video stuttering that hurts my eyes and it doesn't go away even if I update my graphics card and set LotF to the lowest graphical settings.That and the weird bugs. I can't believe I dropped $50 on this. Don't buy it, especially since there's no returning games through Steam."
,Not Recommended,265300,12675688,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,PrettiestMedic,"What a dissapointing game. Hour and a half in and every enemy is ""guy with shield"" with infinite poise. The bosses summon adds, and they are all ""guys with shields.""Combat feels very clunky, bosses get stuck in animations, and there is no emotion in the game. It feels very boring and un-inspired.Just go play dark souls instead."
,Recommended,265300,33643832,Posted: 18 July,all,twitch.tv/CamBlaBen,prefered over Dark Sh*ts
76561198099240249,Not Recommended,265300,12679825,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Bloody Snake,Not even close to Dark souls...
76561197987599689,Not Recommended,265300,13057287,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sambarilove,"Extremely repetitive game mechanics, too linear story, gets boring really fast."
,Not Recommended,265300,12678368,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,LexicalS,"Did you ever want to pay 50$ for an unfinished product?Well here is your chance.I have a shameful history of believing and buying what CI Games is selling, I have been fooled few times and I learned my lesson, but I guess my love for Dark Souls blinded me.I only ask one question: why in the name of everything holy would you release something so obviously unfinished and broken?! just why? are you really this eager to destroy your reputation?the game is so broken, a blind man would be able to see it, A BLIND FREAKING MAN! so what kind of people would say OK for this product in this state?Oh well, I guess it’s too late now.To be fair, the gameplay is good, and the story seems fine, but keep in mind that every time you play this game, you’ll need to restart your PC because it’s going to break something in your system, for me in was the Nvidia driver, every time I play the game crashes and a pop up notification would show up telling me the driver stopped working.I’ll keep this review until a patch is out, if it fixed the game I’ll take this review down, if not then here you go.But for now, RUN! RUN with your 50$ and buy something good, and worth the money."
,Not Recommended,265300,12675472,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Deamons,Technichaly i can't write a review for this game because i never even managed to make it to the main menu without the game crashing all he time. a game shouldnt be released if you cant at least get to the main menu going to be getting a refund.
76561198012772460,Not Recommended,265300,12678150,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,RynRock,Regret spending the money on a game that refusing to run past the loading screen. Constant crashing and major memory eater. Not recomended to anyone who doesnt own a Monster Rig.
76561198005923094,Not Recommended,265300,12676165,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Deadline Imaging,"Crashes and Unable to play straight out the door, still unable to play even with the recommended fixes in the forums.   I would wait to buy this one for a while, until things are patched and working properly."
,Not Recommended,265300,24342181,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,White Kamikaze,"You are not Dark Souls, not even close, Lords of the Fallen. Your gameplay is poor right from the get-go, your interface is even worse than DS1 (how did you manage to do that, you had some help from John Romero's School of Gamemaking or something?). Your game design is deeply flawled. You are just a clunky slashed with poor controls that tries to be something it is not. You embarrace yourself, Lords of the Fallen. You are drunk. Go home."
76561198138067660,Not Recommended,265300,32673433,Posted: 23 June,all,Nabukadnezar,"Hmm not good enough, I don't like it."
,Not Recommended,265300,13098824,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Bo Bandy,"The feel of this game is god awful.  Even in light armor and using a fast weapon this game is sloooooow.  If it's trying this hard to be a dark souls clone at least give me some variety like dark souls.Mostly lame and uninspired spells, slowest combat and most basic plot of all time.  Seriously I have no idea what's going on.  Weird demon things in a castle, you're  a guy with tattoo's on his face cause your bad.Also this game looks like a PS3 game, even at 1440p.Passable is the perfect word to describe this game.It's a good thing this game is really hard to crack cause man...it's not a good one"
,Not Recommended,265300,12675248,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,devonh117,"Can't rate a game if i can't play it.1. It's not in english, I have NO clue ♥♥♥♥ing why. << Fixed2. Crashing after loadup. << fixed3. Menu doesn't loadup either. << fixed but still crashes randomly mid-game.Now that i've actually MADE it in-game. After having to change the launcher code, it's a decent game and the similarity between darksouls and LOTF are spot on. Dodging mechanics, one-handed/Two handed-mode and not being to greedy with boss fights and planning out routes and enemies patterns.The castles and armor styles are pretty damn amazing i must say though that's for sure.Only thing that worried me the most was huge fps drop even though i'm playing on a 780ti GTX geforce NVIDIA. And you would sometimes crash mid-game, not sure why still.Can't give this an up JUST yet until some patches/fixes come to the game, for the time being ill keep playing."
,Not Recommended,265300,29832810,Posted: 10 February,all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,Wannabe Dark Souls.Total Garbage.
,Not Recommended,265300,12672622,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Matt,"The game is far more stable now than it was on its release, but it's still a horribly designed pile of garbage.This game falls under the ""Like Dark Souls, BUT..."" category, except they focused more on the ""BUT..."" than the ""Like Dark Souls"". Sure, it's really damn hard, but only in the sense that your character controls like someone wearing exaggerated fantasy armor would (which is great and all for realism, but absolute CRAP for a video game, especially one that's supposed to play like Dark Souls).Yes, in real life, a giant sword is hard to swing. Yes, in real life, if you get sliced by a giant scythe-wielding monstrousity, you're probably going to die in one or two hits. Yes, in real life, someone wearing heavy armor is going to move like a tank with baby giraffe legs. This is a video game, though, not real life. These do not combo well together in an action RPG, especially one that's supposed to be fast-paced like this.Don't waste your money on it, just play Demons Souls, Dark Souls 1/2, and/or wait for Bloodborne. Avoid at all costs."
76561198003584248,Not Recommended,265300,12674247,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,DukeLukeM,"I tried.... I downed the first boss the first time but the controls and camera angles drove me to stop playing. I love the graphics but graphics alone do not make a game good. Hopefully the dev's fix the issues with the camera and controls in the future but until then, I do not recommend this game to anyone. As for me, I will not continue to play this game unless patches of some sort are released to fix it."
76561198115891132,Not Recommended,265300,12672875,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,hughfeleciano,crashed about 5 times in the 2.2 hours i played. doesnt matter how good the game is if you cant play it.
76561197996312305,Not Recommended,265300,26207440,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ghea,suddenly doesnt start anymore
,Not Recommended,265300,33645580,Posted: 18 July,all,Balasarius,A harder Dark Souls?  No thanks.
76561198023961782,Not Recommended,265300,12675231,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Mechagoat,"Gameplay is as slow as molasses, has awful performance, voice acting is mediocre (and poorly lip synced), art dircetion is World of Pauldrons, and the camera has Parkinsons. Do not play."
76561197977926853,Not Recommended,265300,12677172,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,thomas_tomlinson,"I really wanted to like this game.  Huge dark souls fan, sunk way too many hours into getting killed over and over again. I can take endless deaths.  I can't take endless crashes and horrible performance.  I've got a pretty decent rig (i5 4 core 3Ghz, Nvidia GTX 970) and this thing runs like a pig.  Oh yeah, it crashes a lot too."
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,265300,35087326,Posted: 20 September,all,Buzzerker,Garbage
76561198052446190,Not Recommended,265300,12674414,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,atheos,I really really want to like this game but i pre-ordered that♥♥♥♥♥♥and its insta crashing sayin lords of the fallen dosen't work anymore and task manager is just showing that it's inaktiv so don't buy that♥♥♥♥♥♥until they goddamn fix it
76561198146791199,Not Recommended,265300,12676864,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Meow,Game Crashes on 1st boss stage.. i tried all the options from lowest to highest... they said plays well on alienware... but well i have alienware x51 r2 with intel core i7 4770 and a GPU nvidia gtx 670  still crashes at 1st boss ~_~
,Not Recommended,265300,13459879,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Boa$$é,"Do not buy, even if on sale!"
,Not Recommended,265300,12676747,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Rav The Toothy,"I heard about this game a while back and when I found out it was going to use a lot of the mechanics found in Souls games it caught my interest even more. After looking into it I decided that even if it didn't end up being as great as Dark Souls (which I figured it wouldn't) it would still be worth seeing how another group handles a souls-like game. I usually don't do so but since I had the money at the time I decided to pre-order.Unfortunately as it stands now that was a big mistake as it won't even get past the nvidia screen in the beginning of the game before it crashes. Honestly it feels like I pre-ordered a game from Gamestop and when I got home and pulled out the disc it was bent at a 90 degree angle. From what I've read around the internet it seems like a good 50 or 60 percent of people are having this issue and those that can play still get frequent crashes. I understand that making a game work across the myriad of computers that exist is difficult; however, I can only imagine two things that could have happened. Either they didn't bother to check to see how the game ran on various computers and realized that it wouldn't even start on half of them or even worse they did exactly that but didn't care enough to actually fix the issues.I usually don't regret buying games but at this point I rather do as I feel like I've paid good money on something that doesn't even begin to work. If they manage to fix this quickly that's good but if they don't I think they are going to catch a lot of hate for it. If you plan to get this game definitely wait til they actually get it to work consistently otherwise you'll be waiting your time and money."
76561198107077462,Not Recommended,265300,13096759,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,trioc,this game sucks it wont play and i cant get my money back
76561197980560583,Not Recommended,265300,12685873,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Volrath,"It simple doesn't work, worst release since Diablo 3"
76561198067723093,Not Recommended,265300,12676627,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Kappa,"This game doesn't even work for me, i find it very sad that i cannot play the game because my screen freezes during an NVIDIA intro."
,Recommended,265300,15430267,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Pavel R,Great game!
76561198257729762,Not Recommended,265300,23512081,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Dark Mantis,"Dear Developers....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...."
,Not Recommended,265300,12672164,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Starseed,"With five minute load times, and bugs with Steamworks that cause buttons on the keyboard to no longer work if you are messaged while the game is open, it's a wonder this game is even on Steam.I've not even gotten to play much of the game, considering the number of issues I have run into just getting it to load. When it does load, there's even a nice bug where the game itself fails to properly capture your mouse, and if you click it will take you to any windows open behind the game itself.I want to like this game, I want to enjoy this game, but on release this is a majorly buggy mess."
76561197986164552,Not Recommended,265300,13099308,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Coffeeholic,Game sucks.
76561198073084070,Not Recommended,265300,12677444,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,EzuTheDarkLord,"it is a game for people who like to die often and mostly without getting anyware. there are not difficalty settings and for me, not fun made me angre and frustrated. admitadly l thought this mite be the cass before had and was expecting hard fights. that there is not way to make it easyer ot harder is a bad thing in my opinon."
76561198070323175,Recommended,265300,12671718,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Koja,Praise The Beard !
,Not Recommended,265300,12672945,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Rkt.Exe,"If you like the type of combat where all you do is run round in circles while locked on to your enemy, then this is the game for you! I only got to the 2nd boss and just coudnt play anymore, I was sick to death of just running round in circles. At one point I had to pause the game because I got a little bit dizzy."
76561198032298474,Not Recommended,265300,12673600,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,xXLeGiT_cAnCeRXx,"wont even start. i recommend getting it for console at least then you can be sure it'll start, if it works in the next day or 2 i'll change my review."
,Not Recommended,265300,12676360,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Beans,"bought the pre-order edition with the free DLC... game keeps crashing for various reason, although my computer made the recommended specs....so disapointed..."
76561198054668188,Not Recommended,265300,16409560,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,crakmonkey69,"I personally hate this game. It is extremely difficulty to play. You die like every 10 to 30 seconds. Its more for experienced players or people who like very challenging games. Not for those who just want a fun game to play, like prototype 2. Not easy to play or easy to learn, All about dodging a then attacking at the right moment.The first boss took me like 20 times to beat him. ♥♥♥♥ that, no thank you."
76561198004009880,Not Recommended,265300,12673796,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Raijimura,"Yeah...Just no, maybe if half the people who got it on PC could play it, this game might have better reviews. Save your money till next week and see if they fixed anything. Right now it crap"
,Not Recommended,265300,12676255,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,DeroWolf,Dear SteamI really dont like this game i find it boring and stupied so may i please have a refund
76561198166804821,Not Recommended,265300,33632762,Posted: 18 July,all,Sunbro Solaire,You can really tell how bad a game is when their game of the year edition is only 5 dollars
,Not Recommended,265300,12671811,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Necromaniacal,"This game isn't very well optimised at all, My system is struggling to play it and I out match the recomended system requirments in all regards, kinda of a shame as the game itself is pretty good when working."
76561198033380068,Not Recommended,265300,12672029,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Piece0fWork,OK cant really give a thumbs up im stuck in the first area the chapel once i get the key the game crashes when I attempt to open the door great looks like a good game but cant play much of it lol
76561198045742461,Not Recommended,265300,12672335,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Lisker,Dont buy this game it's shi and slow to play. Plus when your back up against the wall you dont see a thing you should see your weapons at least but you dont.
,Not Recommended,265300,12672085,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ThickAssAss,"I pre-ordered this game as a die-hard dark souls fan. First things first, THIS IS NOT DARK SOULS, rolling is punished and you will have a hard time not tanking hits with a big shield and heavy armor. This is also unoptimized garbage. With double the recommended specs I lose 20 fps outdoors which is unnacceptable. There are a plethora of bugs as well incase this didn't turn you off from the game. Several people has had crashing issues from day 1, and there was a day 1 patch for 5 GB. Sound will randomly stop working, and after a couple hours of gameplay it stops recognizing my controls and requires a restart. After preordering this game for 50 bucks I feel ripped off."
,Recommended,265300,12671040,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,x²,This game has well Polished graphics.
76561198026775395,Not Recommended,265300,13113652,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,prophet,I'm glad I got it with the 40% off deal: now I feel just 60% stupid.
76561197964612330,Not Recommended,265300,12676459,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,JAWS,how can i give a review if  i CANT EVEN LAUNCH THE FREAKING GAME !!!
76561198084630802,Recommended,265300,12671446,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Flash,they said we will get some demonic items if we pre purchased but i can't find one!
,Not Recommended,265300,12672101,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,GrinKouri,"Alright, so... What they tried to do was make a game with the same sort of feel as Dark Souls.They failed.It doesn't give you the same feel. It feels sluggish, the controls are counter-intuitive, and the storyline leaves you asking, more often than not, 'Why do I care?'.The boss fights are uninspired, literally a bunch of wash and repeat moves that play out the same way every time. The Game Informer and Gamespot reviews were clearly playing a different game, because what it is ends up being a slow playing, poorly written, poorly animated piece of garbage.If you want to play a game, play a good game, not this hunk of trash.0/5, and even that is being generous."
,Recommended,265300,17841812,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Reimu,♥♥♥♥ COPIED DARK SOULS LOMAOLL
,Not Recommended,265300,17888057,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Hirokazu Takeda,Game always crashes everytime I try to play it.
,Not Recommended,265300,18090569,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Koinzell,I wish the refund system was a thing when this game came out. What a waist of money.
,Not Recommended,265300,18293832,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,MrMellao,Nao 'e que o jogo seja ruim ... O problema 'e que ele tenta ser muito melhor do que 'e...Fora o fato de que as classes sao mentira e a dificuldade nao faz sentido depois do meio do jogo - fica muito facil(como warrior)
76561198007350846,Recommended,265300,12835066,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Highlandergl,"Great game, always compare to Dark Souls but it have its own  style, more European dark fantasy and its challenging but not in a sense of dying simulator like DS.Graphic is fantastic but demanding of quite strong PC,music is very climatic as well.Overall 7.5 out of 10 mostly for some bugs and crushes."
76561198055463150,Not Recommended,265300,18192778,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Knight Life,"Seeing how one of the selling points of the game was ""how it's like Dark Souls"" I'll be making plenty of comparisons with it, just a heads up.First of all let's take a look at the combat. The combat is designed in a way that forces you to take certain combat styles that you would prefer not to, such as the use of magic to defeat certain opponents that are practically invulnerable to physical damage, so essentially limiting your freedom of choice.Though the game has a reasonable number of weapons most of these weapons aren't really viable choices since many if not all enemies will not even be slightly staggered by the impact of these weapons and since they are often faster than you can dodge, you're going to get hit. And not just one hit, these are usually at least three consecutive hits in a row while you're stun-locked. Some enemies drain your stamina while they're hitting you effectively preventing you from either blocking or dodging after their sequence of attacks, making it easy for them to do it again until you're dead.Most enemies have near-perfect tracking, meaning that rolling away from an attack might make the first of the three-attack combo miss while the other two will still hit.Another problem that I somewhat talked about is the speed of some attacks. Some attacks of enemies are practically instantaneous and seeing how your character is slower than a cryogenically frozen snail, you're not going to block unless you already had your shield up, nor are you going to quickly counterattack it or dodge it.Another design flaw is that some enemies are just given everything for no apparent reason; explode on death, poison attacks, fire attacks, fast grapple attack that will eat away half your health and then finish you off while your character is recovering on the ground.In short, lots of artificial difficulty resulting in a game that punishes you for things that are often unavoidable.Edit:- Additionally the game blatantly reuses models of old armors and weapons.-Every now and then you'll see your weapon visually hit an enemy without actually damaging them at all-Some enemies are able to interrupt certain attack animations to instead use one of their much faster attacks, making it fairly useless to see what an enemy is doing since a proper response to the first attack animation will still have you get hit by the second attack-Walking into human corpses makes them grunt in pain. What."
,Not Recommended,265300,16326743,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Captain Corgi,terrible
,Recommended,265300,18167202,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,m0phre4k,"Decent fantasy action RPG, not as punishing/rewarding as Dark Souls, but it holds up on it's own. Good graphics, armor and weapons are 'bulky' and feel good... Pretty short, lackluster story, it's very linear."
,Recommended,265300,30539438,Posted: 16 March,all,Trapp,"If you want Dark Souls but with your character always fat rolling and super slow then play this.It is hard as heck, I haven't played much of it yet but story seems pretty interesting and gameplay is quite refined."
,Not Recommended,265300,18247718,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,CaptainMcFuckBucket,Not very happy with the Combat. Only good thing about the game is the graphics.
76561197992369074,Not Recommended,265300,18191182,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,ICPanda,"the game it self is okey, NPCs arent that interesting and you kind of forget the game story while you play it.After playing ""the souls"" games it was pretty much playing a better looking crappy versoin of it with stages that pretty much looked all the same wherever you go."
,Recommended,265300,18195654,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Dracklore,"This game is effectively a heavier Dark Souls with less customisability. It's fun, but I never felt very attached to the main character. The combat is a little too heavy with certain weapons. A man of the main character's size would not be swinging a short sword as slowly as he does. The story is mysterious and offered in piecemeal, which I personally enjoyed. Others may not enjoy this as much."
76561198190670703,Not Recommended,265300,18316765,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,scardellettib,"I have never written a review for anything before.  However, I decided to write one here based on the perfomance of the game and the way Steam handled my situation.Do not buy this game.  First, it's nothing but a dumbed down knock off of the Souls Series.  Second, even if you make all of the adjustments in the game or go and buy the Nvidia graphic card that THE GAME REQUIRES, it still will not work.  Every action you make in the game is literally a coin toss.  You might swing your weapon or roll when you press the correct button, but it's really not up to you.If you do choose to buy the game and it does not work, do not bother trying to fix it.  Request a refund immediately once the problems begin or you will be like me and get stuck paying $50 to Steam for a game that does not work and another $70 for a graphic card you do not need."
,Recommended,265300,17046999,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Cabbie,"I have to say I am really enjoying this game and dont understand all the negative reviews.  Its like Dark Souls 2, not as difficult but DEF still challenging which is way better IMO (in DS2 you want to spike your controller in a rage sometimes).  I mean its a freaking game!  Dont you want it to be fun and not a total bummer grind?Anyway, I degress: beautiful scenery and graphics on very high settings (have a GTX 660), super cool weapons and while I didnt like the character leveling/weapon system at first, it grew on me and is pretty damn cool.  The pictures of the weapons and armor are drawn really in a really cool gothic art style.  Sweet action RPG with huge areas to explore and tons of armor sets.  Three classes but how many do you really need afterall?AND ZERO CRASHES AFTER 18 HOURS GAMEPLAY.  Not a single one.  Runs like a charm.I bought on summer sale at $20 and worth every penny.  Great fun.  Check out Cowboy's walkthrough on youtube for info and inspiration:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAkZWQ6kMvUword up.  buy it"
,Recommended,265300,17050979,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Futile Bread Machine,It's kind of like if Dark Souls and Gears of War had a love child. Except Dark Souls is better. It also runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥even if you meet the system requirements. Get it on sale if you want to try it. It's decent enough to recommend.
,Recommended,265300,17018883,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Snek,"0/10, never experienced these technical issues everyone is complaining about."
,Not Recommended,265300,12676981,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Wax Off,"Massive letdown. Unplayable for the first six months after release and very poorly tuned mobs/weapons/armor. Don't waste your money, the original Dark Souls is a much better game and costs a fraction of the (ridiculously high) price of this crappy game."
,Recommended,265300,17550174,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,BananaInspector,"3.5/5 - Surprisingly funI found that not comparing this to dark souls was the best way to enjoy it, in fact in terms of level design, story and art direction it reminded me more of playing act 3 in Diablo 3 as the monk. A lone (bald) hero saving a snow laden fortress from demonic invasion with large swords and a few magical buffs. Sound familiar?Take as much armor off as you can, get a weapon which can attack quickly and put up with the writing/acting... and you've got a nifty little ARPG with a nice difficulty setting which will totally fill the dark souls shaped gap in your life if you give it a chance.Would certainly play a sequel."
76561198012038484,Recommended,265300,17063316,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Gotoma,"If you're a fan of the Souls series this game is for you. It is way too short though, but fun. Combat is fun and I enjoy how different the weapons are. The magic sucks though I rarely use.  Not too much repaly value basically 2 play throughs is all that is really needed."
76561198080648035,Not Recommended,265300,16565093,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,⎛⎝UlquIoRra ⎠⎞,"Heavy asset reuse and mazelike, copy-paste levels will have you wondering why an otherwise decent game did not get a higher budget so it could be something more than a terrible, drawn out bore, Sadly, in its current state it's mostly that.Do yourself a favor and go play your Dark Souls games."
76561198101581154,Recommended,265300,18537404,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,paulnolan151,"really enjoyed it, finished it and played it through again. Always a good sign for a game."
,Not Recommended,265300,13620244,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Angry Wizard,"Still have yet to get this game actually working, doesn't load and Steam doesn't give refunds on games bought before the refund system was added. Don't waste your money. 0/10 Would not buy again."
76561198024648370,Recommended,265300,18776632,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,consistentsin,"Great game if you like the genre, interesting story wish it had a bit more to it hoping for more expacs"
,Recommended,265300,18776920,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,event.horizon,"Overall this game is worth getting. Do mind, replayability is very limited. I've played it about a third of a Souls title. Even so, I enjoyed getting back in after a while, for visuals and more brute of a warrior.Edit: Just don't buy full price. I also hear DLCs are weak."
76561198063895034,Recommended,265300,18580282,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,lordjosh9000,"I have seen a few reviews saying this game has a confusing story/poor story element, yet all I ever hear is praise for Dark Souls when it's story is basically ""you're dead, kill these people and it might help"". While despite playing Dark Souls several times it couldn’t hold my attention, and I have beaten Lords of The Fallen. But I digress...on to the review.I like Lords of The Fallen in most areas. I think the combat is reminiscent of Fable on the original Xbox which in my opinion was responsive and fun. Locking on has some quarks but is easy to get used too. Spells and the gauntlet add some diversity to the combat but do not break the game, like in Dark Souls where magic is easy mode. (It may seem like I am bashing DS but I’m not. I like DS but it is the only game I have to compare this one to as it is obviously inspired by DS.) Bosses do lack visual diversity in a since but their skills are varied enough to make each one feel like a new experience.I absolutely love the art style in this game. It is rare for the lead character in a game to not only act like a badass, but to look like one as well. Harkyn is certainly both of those things. He looks inspired by Ragnar Lothbrok from Vikings and is just as hardened. It is refreshing to get away from the stereo typical ""why did this happen to me"" lead, and see one man up to the task without whining about it. The game is grainy and dark in tone for a mature feeling.  Gothic and Viking inspired architecture is pleasing to the eye and feels ominous. Armor and weapons seem to have been inspired by the dark ages mixed with the absurd scale used in Warhammer 40k; making you feel indestructible and enemies look menacing.The difficulty in the game at first is frustrating. Never on the same level as DS but early on you will die frequently to even standard enemies. But by endgame Harkyn can tank blows from even the final boss and carries more than enough potions. Some people do not like the feeling of godliness in a game, but I enjoy it as it satisfying when character progression feels like it has payed off. Leveling up and gaining new gear can make you unbeatable, and I feel like every game should allow the player to become a god of death if that is how they want to play.Overall I think Lords of The Fallen is a solid game. It lacks some polish but the important mechanics feel good, and most major bugs have been patched by this point. I did not experience even one crash during my play through, and the hit detection was spot on. Every time I died it was my fault. At around 20 hours to beat with all side quests and secrets I do not think the game is worth $50, but if you can find it on sale at half that or less pick it up."
76561197999400310,Recommended,265300,19054476,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,pinkslip,Died on the way to surpass Dark Souls.7/10 for gerne fans
76561198094424425,Not Recommended,265300,16787337,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Raminator,Combat can be clunky and unsatisfying at times making fighting some enemies ridiculously easy and others frustratingly long-winded and Boss fights quickly settle into the pattern of waiting for the opening to get a couple of hits in before waiting out the next series of pre-scripted attacks before getting another hit in.
76561198020971127,Not Recommended,265300,16801689,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Sventorious,"I went into this game with really high hopes, but it left me wanting a lot more.I hate to say it, but it's basically the arcade version of the souls games. I'm sure a lot of people really enjoy it, but it's just not for me :(pros-*Beautiful graphics..That's about it.cons-*Extremely clunky and weighted controls.*Boring story (opinion)*Inferior clone of ""souls"" combat*Two handed weapons are comically slow*Poor class diversity*No real sense of character customization*nothing feels unique"
76561197999209957,Not Recommended,265300,16754399,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Cyanni,"This game is incredibly pretty to look at, and the way your weapons and armor impact your movement and fighting style is something I wish more games would implement. The attack animations of heavy weapons like the Cleric's hammer definitely feel well done -- you can practically feel the impact of them in your chair. From a purely visual feast standpoint this game is at least an 8 out of 10.All of the good, unfortunately, pales in comparison to the bad. And there is a lot of bad going on in this game. Thankfully, the first boss does a terrific job of calling attention to most of the problems.The collision/hit detection is terrible. When combined with the frustrating way that enemy attacks track you despite dodging/rolling (making them largely pointless as defensive abilities go), you will be taking a lot of damage even when you were sure you had successfully evaded an attack. An enemy in the midst of the downward stroke of a massive overhead two-handed axe attack will rotate with you while you roll, so an attack that you think will impact the floor at 12 o'clock will follow you as you roll all the way to 3 o'clock. You'll take damage, and likely curse a bit.Add in the incredibly clunky, unresponsive controls and fighting becomes even more of a challenge because you're fighting both the monsters and the controls. The attack animations for your character are very well done, and you get ample opportunity to appreciate them because when you start one you are committed to it until it finishes or the monster(s) knock you backwards on your butt. There is no breaking off an attack for a quick roll, parry, or block. You'll take more damage than you do, and probably curse a bit. This leads to a lot of stick and move fighting which is a terrifc way of making fights more realistic than standing toe-to-toe hacking away at each other, but that kind of fighting relies heavily on spot-on, responsive controls, which Lords of the Fallen falls woefully short on delivering.Now, a positive of this game is that it does provide a challenging ""Souls""-like game, which is a nice refreshing change of pace in a world of games that seems to practically want to hold your hand from the starting line to the finishing line. However, when I think of challenging games, I think of things that make me use my head, employ strategy, evolve what I'm doing to overcome a new obstacle. I don't consider bad controls and cheap AI trickeration as a legitimate part of making a challenging game. Imagine climbing Mt. Everest with an anvil chained around your waist while abominable snowmen fire rockets at you that never miss.You'd die, and probably curse a little bit. But you might enjoy that more than playing Lords of the Fallen."
76561198015502624,Recommended,265300,20401734,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Darthelmet,"I think the best way to describe this game is it's your first ""dark souls"" game, although I don't mean that in a bad way. I bought this along with both dark souls games and after getting frustrated with DS1 I gave it a pause and tried out this one.In a lot of important ways, the game is way easier to jump into as a first timer to the genre than dark souls was. The game runs smoothly right out of the box. I didn't need to go and install mods and dig through .ini files just to get it working. I don't recall ever experiencing a major bug or crash in game, it looks amazing, and most importantly the controls felt pretty tight and intuitive. It's difficult for me to describe why, but something about the way the character moves and dodges attacks felt easier to me in this game, which makes boss fights with massive bosses who swing at you way more tolerable. The game also feels quite a bit smaller and directed than dark souls. While you do have the freedom at certain points in the game to go off and explore areas you shouldn't be exploring yet, you usually can't get too far off track and the game's story will usually guide you in a general direction you need to go in. On top of this, the entire game basically takes place within a single monestary and one side area. While I felt like this limited the scope of the story from being epic, it did have the effect of making the game feel more completeable.There were a few things about the game that I was kind of iffy on though. First off, in addition to my main playthrough as a warrior character, I also tried playing through part of the game as a rogue. It felt extremely underpowered to the point where it felt like trying to play the game with a handicap. While it can be fun to sneak up on smaller enemies and backstab them for a quick kill, against larger enemies, particularly ones with a good shield, it felt nearly impossible to beat them. On the warrior character you can just stand up to them, block a few attacks, then use your weapon's impact to break their stance and kill them. With the rogue, you need to get behind them for a backstab, but the enemies which should have been slow, lumbering tanks were able to turn around with great speed to block me and sometimes randomly smack me with a one shot attack. I ended up with a lot of deaths where I felt that I couldn't have done anything about it.Another issue I have with the game is the way bosses are balanced and the way their special weapon achievements work. Generally speaking, against most bosses, even if you are in pretty heavy plate armor with a really good tower shield, their attacks are usually so powerful that it isn't worth trying to tank them. Not only do they do a lot of damage even through a block, but they will usually knock you down and/or apply some other harmful effect. This means that despite whatever build you wanted to play on your character, the best strategy for most bosses is to strip down to light armor or even go nude and just dodge everything. On top of this, all bosses have a special way of killing them which makes them drop an upgraded version of their item. While this seems like a cool concept in theory, in practice, a lot of the achievements make you play the game in a playstyle that doesn't always make sense for whatever the item is. For example (minor gameplay related spoilers)the first boss's special weapon is a powerful greatsword that deals a special heavy attack when used in one hand with a shield. The way you get this weapon is to kill the boss without taking any damage from him. The second boss's special drop is a massive tower shield with a special block ability and the way you get this drop is to beat the boss without blocking any attacks. So in both cases, the way you get items which are basically only relevant to a heavy armor tank is to get naked and dodge everything. It feels really wierd that I can't use my character's build on most of the bosses in the game effectively.Another issue I had with the game, which I could argue as maybe being a positive for new players, is that the game actually gets easier as you get later in the game. Part of this is just getting used to the controls, but I think part of the issue is that the gear you get is absurdly powerful. By the end of the game, I could barely take any damage on trash and I killed most of them in 1-2 hits. The bosses still hurt enough that I had to go with light armor dodging, but most of them had so little health compared to my damage output that the fights just didn't last long enough to be serious challenges. If I could avoid their initial attacks, my first chance to attack them would often take off between 25-40% of their life. I killed the final boss on my first try pretty quickly even though I was letting him heal for an achievement. Maybe NG+ would have been more of a challenge, but I don't really have an interest in replaying the game with bigger numbers.Finally, I wasn't thrilled with the way the story and choices worked out in the game. Major story spoilers ahead:The game has a few points when you are forced to make a choice which in theory should influence the way the game plays out later. However, a lot of them are really unclear about what the choices actually entail and in the end don't seem to matter that much. The biggest example of this is at the very end of the game. The last lord drops a powerful rune that gives your gear a big but boring buff. When you go talk to the runesmith, he acknowleges you have the rune, won't tell you anything useful about it, and then gives you the choice to use it on a weapon, on armor, or to give it to him. I'm given no context for why this choice matters or why I'd ever give up my upgrade to him. Plus, unless you actually give it to him, the other choices don't actually lock you into doing anything. You can tell him you want it on your weapon then put it on armor instead, or forget to wear it altogether because it was in a different piece of armor like I did, and that somehow counts as giving it to him. Turns out, all this decision does other than buff your items, is decide who you favor at the end of the story, either the humans, the demons, or the balance. I'm given no reason why my choice with the rune leads to this outcome and it's such a throwaway point in the story that I'm not even sure why they bring it up. It's sort of just dumped in the final cutscene as an afterthought along with the rest of the quick wrapup of what your choices did.So overall, I think this is a decent game. It has its flaws, but I think as someone's first step into this genre of games its a pretty good one to get started with. It will be a reasonably quick but enjoyable experience that should let you see if you like these kinds of games."
,Not Recommended,265300,20404781,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ZigCat,"bought the gameinstalled the gamestarted the gameplayed for ~5 minutesblue screenedrebootedstarted the gameplayed for ~5 minutesblue screenedrebootedstarted the gameplayed for ~5 minutesblue screenedrebooteddeleted the gamemaybe it's because i'm running windows 10, and the OS isn't performing briliantly, even though my righ is adequate.maybe it's because the game still has some bugs in it.i won't refund it. i'd really like to play it.i enjoyed dark souls and dark souls 2 a lot, and this feels like a pretty, if not as ""on the point""-variation of the genre. (at least in the first area that i was able to explore)the particle effecty look awesome (that fire-knight-thingy behind the first big door), but then again, the action just felt . . . not quite tight enough.anyway.for me personally the game is unplayable right now. haven't had ANY blue screens with my rig since i built it, and then i got 3 in an hour while playing the game.i will return later and maybe change my recommendation.but right now, i just can'r recommend it. =/"
,Not Recommended,265300,19976961,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,thedrakeuk,Definitely no Darksouls!Well what can I say good about this game basically you've got a developer making a game which doesn't have a great battle-sytem the cumbersome style of gameplay is over the top with no agiltiy given to the characters. What a waste of time. Getting bit sick of wankness on Steam recently.
76561198022940536,Recommended,265300,19977818,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Luckiernut,I wasnt a big fan of dark souls but I like the style of combat. This game has some amazing looking loot and great boss fights. Looking forward to starting a NG+
,Recommended,265300,19969990,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Catalyst,"Well first i thought like YAY finally cured of my darksouls withdrawal ... put it on the wishlist and wait for a sale, you aint getting my money that easily gabes.Come christmas ... they discount it 80% ... I WASNT GONNA BUY ANYTHING NOW ...so i didthen saw the intro and went like ""OMFG , warhammer clone im screwed for the pennies"" ...then started a cleric class in heavy armour (the only one ftw ofcourse) ... and after some minutes went like ...tooooo eeeasssyyyy ..... this is dark but not souls ...then met the first miniboss and actually had to start timing and went like ""meh, nothing ever will beat darksouls but ... meh, not bad i so want to see where this goes""worth the original price ? not sure yet ... worth the discount of 26 december 2015 price ?DEFINITE YES(and controller supported for people who vertebraeically challenged)mmmh , then , like after running the first little zone about 100 times to see how far the xp multiplier goes before really getting into it ...im back to ""this is SO dark souls remixed its a miracle namco hasnt sued yet ... or is this namco ?""the combat style ... the you get more if you hold on longer before dying ... the euhm ... well everything screams DARK SOULS CLONEand it aint half bad ... just feels a lot easier and less despair ... but im only at the first level so who knows ...yea, definitely worth the xmas sales price"
,Not Recommended,265300,19973881,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Soulstenance,"Very disappointing coming from the Souls games. Although there are some similarities, it is not comparable with the strategy in the Souls games.Very little variety in enemies or areas. A very challenging game but without requiring strategy or skill, mostly based on chance and luck."
,Not Recommended,265300,19943183,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ocean man,"Game plays really slow, which wouldn't be a problem if it wasn't so unballenced, ""fast"" weapons are clearly superior because you can actually hit enemies with them, ""strong"" weapons have infuriantingly slow windups which give NEARLY EVERY ENEMY time to dogde or block. Weapon variety is okay, there's plenty of weapons types, even though animations/movesets are pretty much the same for each type (only stats change, which is kinda dissapointing for a Souls-like game). Story didn't feel very original or even interesting, can't say for sure because i dind't finish the game, and that's because of the game's biggest problem: CRASHES/BUGS. The game just decided i wouldn't play anymore so it either crashes on startup, during loading screens or makes the floors and walls dissapear. It's not complete garbage, but i don't recommend it to anyone who doesn't have the disposition to try and fix the bugs himself."
,Recommended,265300,19886861,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Devil's Doctor,Dark Souls really let itself go...
,Recommended,265300,30661837,Posted: 21 March,all,Ibyss,"Play it before you criticise it.It's pretty meh: clunky controls, slow inputs, odd hitboxes and the occassionally glitched enemy; looks pretty though and can be satisfying.Buy on sale."
,Recommended,265300,19918617,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Zoot,10/10
,Recommended,265300,13105039,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,borkadork,"Satisfying and difficult.When you're ineterested in this game you either have played Dark Souls before or you have not much of an idea what this will be about. Sweet Graphics and Gameplay, but don't expect much from the plot - it's not really there.Alot of equipment optimizing is needed, especially to make Dexterity and Faith builds actually work.Only runs on Dx11 and higher"
,Recommended,265300,19978464,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Artorias,"This game is just AMAZING!!!If you have a good graphic card and you like games like Dark Souls, this is your game.Pretty easy in my opinion and a bit slow.Weapons and armors are fantastic with a lot of details.8/10"
,Not Recommended,265300,19987494,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,quinnlinjohnson,"Alright so you're probably looking at the amount of time I've played this game and you're thinking I don't know anything about the game. you would be right. I bought the game today and it's crashed every time I've opened it. I've tried fixing it but nothing works, so I can't recommend this game due to the fact that if you do get it you might run into the same thing."
,Recommended,265300,19980162,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,7H3OF8,"If there is a sale pick this up. Especially if you are a dark souls fan. This combat style is a bit easier but is just as entertaining. Has a pretty decent story that will keep you going until the end, but it doesn't have that much replay value unless you want to further progress your character."
,Not Recommended,265300,19956008,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DreddNaut,"Controls are wonky with wonky lock-on mechanics.Crashes a lot on certain spots, and you will spend a lot of time in certain spots, say boss fights.Was fun for a couple hours while 80% off."
76561198018485648,Recommended,265300,20269277,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,pjcrosby,"Writing a review for this game is difficult as while it is enjoyable its also fairly frustrating. As someone that has played Dark Souls 2 for hundreds of hours, I can see how this game can be compared to that game on the surface. This game allows you to lock on enemies and circle them like in souls and also requires you to understand the attack patterns of the enemies to determine how to beat them. Having said that this game is really quite a different experience from Souls. While the non-boss enemies are almost too easy with simple attack patters, the boss enemies can be ridiculously difficult if you don't have the correct stats/weapons/armor set up for that boss. Rather than skill, beating the bosses really just requires knowledge of a particularl character configuration suited to defeat the boss. While some bosses took me 20 plus attempts to beat, I mostly felt frustrated rather than satisfied when I finally beat them. Its a fun game to get on sale, but don't expect the satisfaction of a Souls game where any particular configuration can defeat the enemies if you are skilled enough."
,Recommended,265300,20285803,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Davins,"Maybe it's my machine but the fps even in minimum is terrible. Otherwise pretty decent gameplay, nice visuals and style and bosses that have atleat some thought."
,Recommended,265300,20368584,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Ahzep,"is it as good as Dark Souls? Nois it a bad game? NoI'ts a little unpolished and rough around the edges? Yes.Combat can be really frustrating and sometimes even unfair? YesDoes it deserve the Mixed user reviews? Personally I don't think so.Is it worth it? Not the full price imho, but if it's on sale, definitely."
76561198023119090,Not Recommended,265300,20427215,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,alexbobb,"not sure if i should recomend this game or not.  Its pretty, and has full controller support but has Denuvo which is drm. I would not have purchased this game if it had been stated that Denuvo is being used and then I went past the deadline for a refund.If Denuvo is such a great thing, why does Steam and publishers hide the fact that its there?"
76561198054397998,Recommended,265300,30682483,Posted: 23 March,all,Nameless,"If you are into Dark Souls style games, this will keep you entertained for a fraction of the price. Don't expect as much depth and refinement though. LoTF has its owm style, timings and comp[exity.In my opinion, it is easier than the Dark Souls series, but you will find tons of fun, exploration, tough enemies and lore.Just don't go with too high expectations and you will be surprised and entertained."
76561198070262465,Recommended,265300,30455099,Posted: 11 March,all,PointlessDEtails,im babysteps but it's hard and i like it
,Recommended,265300,13127632,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Snuggly Samantha,optimise game pls
,Recommended,265300,12795163,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Welter,"Very nice game, a mix of Dark Souls and Darksiders, but only buy it if you enjoy playing new game + or playing with different characters as the game is short and you will be disappointed (took me 12 hours to beat).• Sets and hidden weapons through the scenario• Same control scheme as Dark Souls, at least for gamepad.• You can mix light and heavy attacks thus allowing more combos.The game has some FPS problems but the Devs already released 2 patchs and promised that they'll keep working until the game runs smooth."
76561197983629995,Recommended,265300,13120593,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,BlackKnight,"Bought the PC version to test controls as Xbox One version felt clunky and slow. Feels much better with the Keyboard & Mouse, no other issues with the game yet."
76561198038909869,Recommended,265300,12708378,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,NetherPrime,"With the crashes mostly dealt with, the game is now at a promising stage where it is worth the money/"
76561197990037967,Not Recommended,265300,12757233,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,RabidGiant,"Yes it is poorly optimized.  A patch will fix it eventually.   Running a solid single card rig managed with a couple settings lowered to high and held steady 60 fps.   Still gorgeous.   DS feel, Diablo loot, great artwork / armors, and creative enough story and enemies to keep me playing.   Great game.   If you felt DS was too hard ........ perfect for you.   If you still struggle  (as seen in some reviews here) then farm a little and focus on faith / magic.   Great buy.   But wouldn't recommend against waiting for some performance patches if your rig isn't stellar.EDIT:And some patches have come out.  It runs worse on my PC now.  Can't maintain steady FPS anymore with same settings as before (even lowered).   GTX 970.  Don't know what to say."
76561198023119570,Recommended,265300,13116883,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,captain_fabulous_69,"I've put a fair amount into the souls series and i have really become hesitant about any other games that have the similar feel (combat, story, mechanics, ect).I have to say from the little that i've played so far, i'm very impressed. The combat is an interesting combination of hit and fade, and each enemy i encounter has forced me to change up my tacics to most effectively deal with each of them. The story definately sparked my curiousity and has given me alot of questions that i look forward to seeing answered.There are a few minor gripes here and there, but nothing truly major of note as of yet.For any one interested in checking out a new, interesting series with tons of raw potential, i would reccomend checking out this game and any new ones that this company will produce in the future; time will truly help them temper thier raw potential into a fine, tempered masterpiece!"
76561198069355937,Recommended,265300,12948041,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,[KKK] FrederickWillemV,"This is a really challenging, Dark Souls-like game. I heard it was inspired by the Dark Souls franchise and I can definitely see that back in the awesome gameplay. The weapons you carry really feel heavy or light, and that is a great addition to the game. I would definitely recommend this to the people who like challenging games, but be ready to ragequit. The mini bosses are sometimes harder than the bosses, but that is a cool element in the game. I would rate it 9/10, not a 10 because   of some ridiculously challenging areas that I just hate going through."
76561197992637471,Recommended,265300,13096863,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Black Jesus,"Great game, for a good play through and from what i can tell the best challenge, play as a rogue and use no shields, no gauntlet, n no magic. This is called man mode in Dark souls, and this game is the EXACT same as Dark souls."
,Recommended,265300,13101991,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kehki,"Wow I'm mad. I bought this game at full price and it is already on sell for 40% off.IDK why I buy games at full price anymore...!This game is pretty fun, it wasn't really worth the full price but I wanted it then rather than later..I only crashed once or twice myself, the game runs very stable and everything looks super great.My only real complaint is the crappy magic system. Don't go into this game thinking you'll be a caster :PFaith builds are amazing once you finally get a good weapon though."
,Recommended,265300,12867690,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,ANARKYKILLSWITCH,Great game if you ever saw dark souls and didnt want it as hard just more fun.UNIQUE feature no other game has: shield run bash into enemyabout 20 hrs to complete with all side missions
76561197996771336,Not Recommended,265300,13538724,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Vael Esquire,"The game is fine. It's like an easy Demon Souls game with nice graphics. The problem is the repeated game crashes. Sometimes it wont happen for a couple of hours, others it'll happen 2-3 per hour. It's completely random, and super ♥♥♥♥♥♥, because their is no auto save. So if you kill a boss, and the game crashes (happened twice to me), you have to start from your last save spot. Also, on one of the last bosses, 12 hours in, the game bugged out and failed to trigger a cut scene. Now the game is unplayable, and I'm (from what I've read) 90% done with the game, but cannot continue.  In the game's current state I cannot recommend it to anyone. I could live with the random crashes, but this last bug has ruined any chance of me playing this again. Maybe they will patch it one day, but right now it's pretty broken."
76561198076933110,Recommended,265300,15939268,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,dragonbreath100,bit hard to get a grip of but once you got a decent set of armour and learned the moves an a really big axe your sorted just sit back and enjoy the mayhem
,Not Recommended,265300,16096019,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ENS,I really tried to like this game.I love Fromsoftwares's Souls games and Bloodborne is tough but still is a great game.However it seems Lords of The Fallen is a hit or miss game.Where the Souls series lacks in visuallly looking the best it could (in comparison to other games released around the same time). It makes up for with solid game mechanics.LotF is the complete opposite. Absolutely stunning vistas and beautiful creatures and human beings but the mechanics are at least for me broken.It seems after 4 hours of play I have hit a roadblock and its not due to me being under leveled it essentially seems I chose the wrong character build in the beginning...So it kind of seems I'm stuck either getting incredibly lucky and getting past my roadblock or retrying and hoping this time I choose the correct build.Sorry but it's not something I would recommend. Especially with games like Dark Souls 1 and 2 available on PC.Even more so if you have access to the Sony consoles. You have access to Demon Souls and Bloodborne.
76561198079324901,Recommended,265300,25274819,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,OrganizationXIII,"The game took me about 20 hours to finish. If you're a fan of Dark Souls, you might really enjoy this title. Only negative about it is that there is too few weapons and armors in the game, and the enemies are all the same.7.6/10"
76561198044583653,Recommended,265300,19351231,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,PietaPizza,"Eh, it's not amazing but it's good fun and definitely worth playing, plus €20 is a steal for a game of this quality.Also strength builds are op, so that's cool."
76561197972384742,Recommended,265300,26396665,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,victor423,"I really liked this game although it could be frustrating at times.A lot of people compare this to Dark Souls but I didn't really like the first one.  I thought it was all a little devoid of feeling.  Oh, that and it was hard as s**t.  When I play a game, I like to make some tangible progress before I switch it off.  Sometimes that didn't happen for me in Souls but it did here, so that was a driving factor for me.  Indeed, Lords of the Fallen is easier than the Souls games and once you get the hang of it, the swordfights can be really enjoyable.  I did get the overall feeling that the main character felt HEAVY though so don't expect any fast dodging.Graphics are overall pretty good.  The story isn't that deep at all.To sum up, this game could be frustrating at times but overall I enjoyed it and would recommend it.  If you've already played and completed all the Dark Souls games though, you might want to keep on walking - this one is for p*****s!"
76561198044236598,Recommended,265300,27262779,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zylok,"If you are into the Souls series, you should give this a try. The gameplay is basically the same but Lords is more action oriented, not as punishing and all around an easier game to complete. The story is simplistic but does its job. The art style is great, the graphics and sounds are top notch, but the cutscenes and dialogues are borderline terrible."
,Recommended,265300,13459876,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,localhost,"Nov 2016 :Things havent changed , yes, it is NOT DS III , but LOTF is still worth itEDIThaving spent a lot of time with this game, I now have to change the recommendation to a complete ""YES"" :When starting the game and skipping the tutorials and ignoring the hints, then you get frustrated as the game is not forgiving , but if one does get over it , or accepts the hints, then this game becomes very challenging and very enjoyable.Once you understand how the weapons and enemies work , as well as marking items as favs for quick switching , as well as exploring your spells , then this game definately offers a lot.But please make sure to go through the tutorial and spend some time on weapons, skills, and spells as this will save you a lot of frustration.Original reviewWhen I saw this game on sale today with 50% off I just had to buy it after having been thinking about it for quite some time. The inital story is very ... non existing , you are dropped right into the game without a story line of who you are or what you are supposed to do. That was very disappointing.The the game play : way too overloaded , the combat movement is very poor , took me almost two hours to just figure out how this works :1st : enemies attack you , you have to bounce around like a rabbit to avoid them2nd : by hopping around you simply are out of reach for scoring hits3rd :  the character is extremely slow (selected the most agile character supposedly) , but there is just no speed at all (maybe later on in the game , but will never find out ... )4th : take a few hits, replenish your health and try to hit your opponent until he is deadThe major problem which makes me hating this game after just a few very frustrating hours, is the utterly useless and dumbest ever control behaviour :Focus on targets : What a bloody , idiotic way of handling combats :- In order to hit your target, you have to select it ... but once selected, the gameplay character will NOT turn away from the selected target and hits you intend on other targets simply miss because they are not selected. This gets you killed to 100% during combat with 2 ore more opponents.The next mock up the devs did on this game :- your character takes a hit and stumbles , no further action can be taken for what feels like an eternity, very useful if you have an oponent who deals successive hits, takes him only to land 1 hit and the next 2 or 3 will also hit as you cannot react on it, the result : your death , and nothing you can do about it.- also , once you hit an enemy , well , his health gets lowered, but thats about it , no interruption in combat, no stun, no nothing. On the other hand, if you get hit, you are stunned, stumble across the playing fields and your attack moves are interrupted.- stealth kills from behind : managed to land a few of those, curiously if you are behind an enemy and attempt to kill him with a single move , it does not always work , bout 10% of the time on my count. Have not yet figured out how or why this move can be made, and in which situations. The tutorials give no hints on combat tactics ...Conclusion :I do absolutely NOT recommend this game, there are so many things on so many levels wrong with it.A shame that the developers cannot be sued for such a hideous crime and the money spend is gone.As I'm used to the movement on Shadow of Mordor , I might be a bit harsh on this game, but it seriously is a major ♥♥♥♥ up on the movements and combats. The entire character and weapons developement is very interesting however, but what good does it if one gets frustrated with the game as it is uncontrollable ?Edit :12hrs game time, this game is so ♥♥♥♥ed up , one can only describe it as a perfect piece of crap , along with the most exquisit , most delicious form of shitness one can imagine.The player has several spells available to help him getting through this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ nightmare , one of those spells is a double of yourself which is invulnerable and can take hit after hit, only problem is :the enemies ignore your copy and instead of going after what is supposed to disctract them , well, imagine who is getting hit."
76561198335773390,Recommended,265300,26538666,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,makungukabole34,Although this game borrows a lot of mechanics from dark souls it is not a DS rip-off or clone. It is a great game that i thoroughly enjoyed just after beating dark souls three. it is not as difficult as dark souls but there are a couple of things it does better than dark souls. Give Lords of the fallen a chance.
76561198064130012,Recommended,265300,26955014,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Promet,"Id say more interesting then darksouls, only played for 1 hour but im pretty impressed about the game"
76561198006575257,Recommended,265300,26475837,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Tango,FUn
76561198005303643,Recommended,265300,13649278,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Oji,Constant crashes...After few years of patches i managed to finish it now without crashes.
,Not Recommended,265300,12676074,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Sander,╫
76561197970755187,Recommended,265300,24768231,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,MGarceau,"Lords Of The Fallen is a solid Dark Souls-esque game. The game's combat is tight, accurate, and for the most part, fair. While there isn't as much depth/nuance in combat play-styles as Dark Souls, this is still a skill-based, patients oriented affair.If you enjoy Action-RPGs with a penchant for difficulty, you may find satisfaction in Lords Of The Fallen."
76561198040839461,Recommended,265300,24971330,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,mcathey0,It wouldn't work on my old laptop so I bought it for PS4. honest opninion is its not a bad game but if your a dark souls fan you'll be pretty bored. graphics are great gameplay is fun but its just not very hard. Gets kind of boring after you get all the attack patterns down. I give it a 7 out of 10 tho.
,Recommended,265300,25050995,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Luba,Awesome game.
,Recommended,265300,30849459,Posted: 31 March,all,SwagYoloShitKid☾✵,I had fun playing this game. Maybe the fun varies between classes but as a rogue it was a blast. It does have its glitches and bugs which at points make the game unplayable or very frustrating. But as far as I've come there are ways around everyone of them.
76561198100763887,Recommended,265300,24965717,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,zombi3h3art,"good game, would enjoy a second. its a litle easier then dark souls and i dont have to fight the same boss 50times, just like, 20times. kek"
76561198109156685,Recommended,265300,24939905,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,AbrakaDaniel,"I always thought the Dark Souls community was pretty good as far as ""fanbases"" go but this game showed me that I was clearly wrong.Don't get me wrong: This game is inferior to Dark Souls in every way possible, from aesthetic, to storytelling and gameplay, but you will find games WAY, WAY worse than this on steam with much better ratings.It's not outstanding in any regard, but I've payed much more for games I've enjoyed much less. It's worth the current Prizetag of 20 w/e currency you deal in, not to mention it's basically always on sale."
,Recommended,265300,24279832,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,sh1tbird,don't listen to the whiners this game has it's flaws but it is a beautiful and entertaining take on the dark sould gameplay.it's not without it's flaws but definetly worth picking up in a sale.
76561198091338358,Recommended,265300,24712315,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Canadianmamba,11/9
76561198004123038,Recommended,265300,24724336,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,FastForward,"Graphic wise this game is very well made, not top of the line engine but very respectable, game play is challenging and keeps your gears working, each enemy has its strenghs and weakness and you got to think quick or youll get recked and might lose all your xp! id rate the whole game at 8.5/10"
,Recommended,265300,24731771,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Thijs.,"It's decent, i dont understand why the reviews are mixed. The game runs good. It is kind of challenging but not as people hoped for. would play a sequel to this game!"
76561197984947399,Recommended,265300,24475308,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,SoulRip,"Amazing game, best I've played in a while, great combat system but also simple and fun. Reminds me a bit of good old Blade - The Edge Of Darkness."
,Recommended,265300,24589405,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,mmlac,"If you have played Dark Souls, imagine this game being another Undead + Lower Burg with a handful of humanoid bosses. I finished the game with a DEX build in 34 hours (STR should be even easier), and I am not good at these games (I have now 54 hours in Dark Souls and I am right before ONS). The difficulty to me feels far easier compared to Dark Souls, but this might be a good thing! I don't regret playing this first.The level design is annoying though (mostly the way it tries to shape the story) and there is not a lot of variety. Pick it up on a sale or before getting into Dark Souls if you neven played games like this. Overall a recommendation, as I DID have fun playing. Just don't expect another Dark Souls, neither in level design nor lore or enemies.Oh and the graphics are very pretty, I did like that. Haven't played Dark Souls 3 yet, so cannot compare."
76561198049027079,Not Recommended,265300,24561584,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Isza22(Nick),"Cons: buggy, grindy. RepetitivePros: good combat ideas.I play a lot of souls and i was told that this was a souls like gamr but it is missing to much polish for my taste."
76561198199732111,Recommended,265300,24479319,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,zen.museum,"At under 15 hours, the game is too short. Gampelay is somewhat monotone. However the boss fights are definitely challenging(if you play Rogue class at least). Do not play this expecting it to be the same as the Souls series, for better or for worse."
76561198026495384,Recommended,265300,24068786,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LeadFury,"It has its issues (optimization and story for example), but it's definitely worth a playthrough if it's on sale at the very least."
,Recommended,265300,12692985,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Yiasmat,"(09/10) - Near PerfectionI had no real expectations or hopes for this game. I bought it as it looked nice and i wanted to try the ""dark souls copy"" like everyone else said it was.But as i played it, there is no way of describing it better than this:This so called ""clone"" of dark souls surpasses it in every way i know.- The graphics look waaaay better, giving the game a better feeling of the ambiente and the environment.- The combat system is actually copied 1:1 from dark souls. Every button does the same, but as it adds different movesets, more interesting spells, gauntlets and more weight classes, it is deeper than the system in dark souls itself.- The bosses are absolutly amazing. Not only have they different stages and change their appearance accordingly, they also all require you to switch the way you played before. Even the first boss was better than any i encountered in dark souls.- They system itself. If you go greedy, you may get out more rewards, but if you then die, your double-screwed. Very interesing mechanic that goes through the whole game.So, why did i use the word dark souls that often even tho i don´t think it can be seriously compared to it? Because everyone else does! Stop doing that, this game does so much better than dark souls and via the different mechanics, it is difficult to compare these games in other points than the combat system and the ""get your stuff back when your die"".And why did i only give 9 points if i wound everything so enjoyable?Well, you can heal urself over and over again even tho your still fighting the enemies. While none of them are too close to the healing crystal, you can just keep going. A minor flaw in an otherwise super awesome game.High hopes to see more games like this in the future, for now, ima go and play some more..."
76561198027512227,Recommended,265300,20259151,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,The Courier,"I am primarily writing this review to do  my part to improve this game's review score. Many play this game, expecting it to be like Dark Souls, and while this is not untrue, there are two key differences that I have observed in my limited time playing.- The combat is slower. Dodging, attacking, and other aspects of Dark Souls muscle memory must be overcome before you can get far. Dodge early, and you will be able to avoid most attacks.- The story is bluntly presented. Dark Souls presented its story in subtle way, rewarding those who took the time to explore it. This is not the case in ""Lords of the Fallen"", and that is not something I like. The story is also less ""serious"", and more action-hero-oriented. The atmosphere is completely different.In the end, I enjoy playing the game, but it does not provide the experience I had hoped for. However, I still think it is a worthy purchase at $30 or below. I am happy to have given it a chance, and I think people are being hard on the game because they come in with high expectations."
76561197978802649,Not Recommended,265300,18406298,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Syv,Game wont even open. Cant even access the menu to adjust settings.Forums don't offer much help.
76561197970716893,Recommended,265300,18402974,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,DD One,An easy souls game good for somebody new to the style.
,Recommended,265300,18555468,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,KingCrimson,"Lords of the Fallen is a smooth and beautiful looking game that I saw on the Steam promotion window one day and thought ""Dang, I gotta get my hands on that!"" and then promptly waited for the Summer Sale.There's a lot to be said about this game, so I'll just break it down into the most intersting points:PROS:- Easy to learn, hard to master controls. Simularly done with the Dark Souls games, but less punishing than them.- Diverse build selections add to replayable runs. Different weapons with different class variants make playing the game different each time you want to mix things up.- Combat and bosses are very fun. Fighting in very different scenarios each time you play also adds to the adventure.- Stunning environments. The game looks like if a greco-roman piece got thrown up onto a surrealistic display. The detail is amazing and the entire game is just beautiful.- Enviroment is surprisingly immersive, easy to get lost metaphorically and physically.- Story isn't too complex, but it's very engaging. Makes you work for side information that unveils more of the lore for your own desire to exploreCONS:- You might need a decent rig to run this game. I had no trouble and my PC is just decent to mediocre, but I wouldn't run this on a toaster.- Some parts can be a bit frustrating to take you out of the game's immersion, but to veteran Dark Souls/Demon Souls players and what-not you might really enjoy parts where you bash your head against a wall 20 times until you scratch the first of twenty layers of the 2nd boss' armor, thus proving he can be hurt eventually.- Weapon choices and armor choices seem to be a bit limited at times. This is maily because you get sword, shield, axe, staff, fists, and thats it. Trying to hybrid your build makes for interesting combinations. Playing around with weapons and armor is half the game, but can get dissapointing since there is a very low pool of equipment.- Eventually you find a really cheap and unfair way to just kill opponents (if you're like me) and then spam that technique until you beat the game.- steep price tag wait for the sale tbh famCONCLUSION:Listen, I really, REALLY dig this game. I thought it was fun, immersive, gorgeous to look at, extremely fun, rewarding, and overall a good game. It's not for everyone, and can be a bit tough and tricky at some points, but please give this game a try. I highly recommend it. If you can afford to grab this game when you're cruising this vast sea of cosmos, I cannot stress it hard enough that you should.___________________Pro tips: Put a ton of points into strength, endurance, and vitality. (and luck if you want) Then wear the heavest armor in the game (Lord set) then equip the 'Reminder - one handed axe' (strongest one handed weapon as far as I know) and also the 'Void shield - tower shield'. The strategy here is to run at enemies, then raise your shield, then knock them to the ground. Once they are stuck being floored, beat the living hell out of them with your axe because it's considered fast one handed but still does a ton of damage. I abused this strategy the entire game and it was a lot of fun actually. Don't know the exact numbers, but if you find better equipment then feel free to upgrade."
,Recommended,265300,16571925,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Samyaza93,Great solo game
76561198024552106,Recommended,265300,16580821,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Guic3,Decent game overall. I am a big Souls fan and gave this a try to fill the void. It was pretty fun with minor glitches. The game wasn't too challenging and the story line was nothing special. I can't even remember what the ending was. There is replayability after completion however I felt no desire to continue playing. If Darksouls gets a 9/10 this gets a 5/10.
76561198010155038,Recommended,265300,16589101,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kateikyoshi,"Pretty much a good game. It doesn't deserve such a low metacritic score imo.After experiencing Monster Hunter and Souls games I can say that this game is lower in quality than those, but yet it is good. If it is worse it doesn't mean it is bad.Details in the world and graphics is 10/10Animation's beauty and fluidness are 10/10Combat mechanics made this game hard for me a bit at start just like for some other reviewers. Enemies with big shields all over the place or mobs which predict you coming from a very long distance and stop you right before you hit them make that game feel weird in combat. You can hardly circle around an enemy with something heavy or hardly break the guard and then hit the enemy because usually they go into guard again. But sprint+heavy attack solves every problem or some mad magic. I am confused how to rate this part. Maybe 8/10Enemies don't really vary throughout the game. Not like it bothered me much but let's try to be objective 6/10Boss fights -they are cool but don't vary much. 8/10Level design is extremely repetative 5/10Weapons variation is quite good but not as good as it could be 8/10Story is obsolete 4/10Conclusion: I recommend this game"
76561198071925697,Recommended,265300,15163578,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Honey Badger,"Normally, I'm not the type to review games, but this is an exception. After seeing how unfairly critical players have been with this game, I could not keep my silence.Yes, AI isn't as good as a Souls game.Yes, the combat is not as precise as Souls game.Yes, the lore isn't quite as rich as a Souls game.Yes, this game is not as varied as a Souls game.Yes, this game is not as deep as a Souls game.Yes, this game is not as enigmatic as a Souls game.Yes, the boss fights are not quite as epic as a Souls game.Yes, the game is not as difficult as a Souls game.Overall, yes, this game is not as polished as a Souls game.BUTThis game has a fantastic soundtrackThis game has awesome special effects (better than in Souls)This game has an interesting storyThis game has really good combat (nothing is as satisfying than timing your attacks perfectly such that you do a special combo, something absent in a Souls game that I miss)This game has very cool armor, shields, and weapons________________________________________________________________________________If you're coming from a Souls game, it will take some getting used to. Once you do, I assure you, this game is a lot of fun. It was one of those games that once I got acclimated to the mechanics and feel of the game, I had a blast with it. I found myself thinking about it when I wasn't playing.You know you're playing a really good game when you find yourself thinking, ""One more checkpoint"" 5 checkpoints ago.Please support this game and buy it. We can never have too few Souls games!"
,Not Recommended,265300,16517154,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Corjoa,"Well, if you liked Dark Souls you'll probably like thisBut as I don't, well... I had nothing to do besides not liking it either"
,Recommended,265300,16668743,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Moneytoast,"Overall good game! Crash sometimes, but will eventually get fixed.Great audio effects, awesome graphics. 9/10"
,Recommended,265300,16678138,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Venom,"Yeah It's clone of Dark Souls but there are some things are better:  graphics, animation and you can put the game on a pause :)"
,Recommended,265300,16478997,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MrRixter,If you're a fan of the souls games this is a great little game that can even stand on it's own merits. Just make sure you have a decent PC as this game is quite demanding.
,Recommended,265300,13270263,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,A1R™,"decent game (dark souls-darksiders-mix)0815 storybut gameplay and visuals are nicedont regret it, very enjoyable and fun 8/10no crashes for me and playable on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rigIntel Q83004GB RAMGTX 750 Ti OCWIN 7 x64 Prof"
,Recommended,265300,16638053,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,derkreature,Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.Lords of the fallen has stopped working.
,Recommended,265300,16638866,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kiri the Sloth,"As someone who has beaten both Dark Souls 1 and 2 I will say this (as far as game time goes).  It is a very good souls like type game.  Granted people will state that their is a difference between Dark Souls 1 & 2.Betweeen the two; the closest I can say is that the game is closer to DS1 as far as combat go's.  Exploration seems closer to Dark Souls 2.Make of that as you will.As far as I am concerned, it is a good game that was unfairly labled as a Dark Souls Clone."
,Recommended,265300,13653001,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Meltoys,"10/10 game if you can run it, also use a controller because it's just a bit weird with keyboard and mouse. It's like a better version of Dark Souls because you don't have to deal with dumbasses"
,Recommended,265300,13950895,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Ampedout,"After beating all of the Dark Souls titles and lovin them, I started playing Lords Of The Fallen. I couldnt be more pleased. While the magic system is a bit lacking, the combat is very rewarding. I look forward to the second installment of this great game franchise!"
76561198057011189,Recommended,265300,13946056,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,TheStoneMan,It's ok I guess. The first 2 bosses are pretty awful. It's really slow too. you could also buy dark souls 1 which is a lot better. But as its own game it's ok. Pick it up on a sale or something.
76561198010954790,Recommended,265300,13033126,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Villain,"In my opinion really good game.Influence of Dark Souls is so obvious but there is nothing wrong with it.Dark Souls showed a new path in gaming and Lords of the Fallen is like a first follower.Again,nothing wrong with it.Sometimes is really good,sometimes just ok, but  is almost impossible reach DS level.LOTF is more affordable and friendly for new gamers and graphic is amazing.To me locations are too small sometimes,some Bosses are to easy and too schematic and small bugs was noted.Lack of multi like in DS is a  big mistake to me.I love to summoning or help the others.I strongly belief that LOTF has a  bright future and we all can expect next game way better than they debut .My score 8/10."
76561198133735610,Recommended,265300,14237406,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,zzzzzmanoklol,game keep crushing on startup >.< just bought it yesterday
,Not Recommended,265300,14226510,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Reza Qin,"Until they fix the low memory problem, I can't enjoy this.GTX 760, i5 4570, 8 GB of RAM.  I can max out (heh) Max Payne 3 and yet I turn everything down to low and I still run out of memory.  This game looks so awesome, too."
,Recommended,265300,14184707,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,deakolt,"This game is a Dark Souls clone.  It has its issues and is nowhere near as polished as the Souls games, but if you love From Software's Souls series and are looking for something to scratch that itch, you will not regret buying this game."
76561198025755818,Recommended,265300,14216340,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Jonny Thunder,"love the graphics and game play, hate the crashes"
,Not Recommended,265300,14006492,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Wrds,"I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS GAME, BUT PLEASE READ MY REASONING.Haven't played a lot of the game, I've gotten through 3 bosses. And I've seen enough and I'm busy enough to comfortably walk away. Just thought I should forward with that.If all you want from the Souls games is the combat, this has it down solid, great bosses and enemies. Everything else just seems for lack of a better word soulless. In other terms, what came to my mind is if Blizzard decided they were going to make a third person action RPG.  Large burly mountains of men wailing on monsters with loud booming sounds and big effects.Some people will like that, I do not. The world and story itself does little to ease that sour taste it leaves me.So my recommendation is this, if you like the souls games mechanically and like the aesthetic of things like Warhammer or Blizzard IPs, you'll love this. I, and people like me however do not.TL;DR I love the bosses, hate the slomo killshots."
76561197993300611,Recommended,265300,14009973,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,naglfar,"I havent finish a games for few years , this is the only games that i enjoy and finished . Some may compare this games with Darks souls 2 . but i will say this games is better than DS2."
,Not Recommended,265300,14024545,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Setari,"I just want to write a short review for Lords of the Fallen.I would not recommend buying this game above 5 dollars, and 10 is a stretch for this game. The hitboxes are off and the ""realistic weapon control"" is not favorable. The game might be better with a controller, but even then it's extremely difficult to play and has unrealistic physics for a video game.People have said that this is ""entry-level Dark Souls"", but in my opinion I would say from what I played of Dark Souls on the PS3, I would say Dark Souls is maybe like 1/8th easier than this. I have not tried playing with a controller [I do not own one for the PC, don't want to use Xpadder for PS3 controllers, PCMR or go home] but I'm pretty sure it's the same experience.I feel like the dev team for this game put a LOT of time into the art for this game... and that was it. They did not develop gameplay or story... the story is a friggin' joke and not worth playing the game. The game's mechanics are laughable and overall, like I said, it's a stretch for ten dollars like I said.PROS:Great art/sceneryGreat detail on gearVaried gear and weaponsCONS:No storyCombat is not good, at allDevs strived for ""realistic combat"" but it is not good for this game with combat mechanics the way they areEnemies are lacking in variation, and types of enemies are horrid (the typical ""dumb"" ones, the ""burly"" ones, the ""fast"" type of enemy, etc)Just overall not a good RPG game. I do not recommend purchasing this, much less any ""special"" editions they have... which I unfortunately did."
76561198057809803,Recommended,265300,13702450,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,JoeKa1x,"bought on 24.12.14 - patch 1.4on my first play-through, which took me about 20h I had 2 crashes total - not a big deal, but maybe I'm just luckyplayed on a i5-2500 and a gtx970 - best settings runs 60fps+ inside, outside it sometimes drops to 50Game Tutorail wont teach you everything ... just know this .. sprint+block using a kite-shield will stagger enemiesNever played Dark souls, so I can't compare. Lords of the Fallen is not that hard in my opinion, in the beginning there is just much to learn... if you know how to defeat the enemies, you just have to watch out ...Game feels a little short.. paid 25€ on sale, was worth it- storytelling actually is this bad, I had to laugh*edit .. played dark souls 1 in the meantime ..Dark Souls Bosses are much harder, trashmobs are easier ...Dark Souls Combat engine is better (because it's realy good, lords of the fallen is still not bad, just not as good as Dark Souls)"
,Not Recommended,265300,14020332,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,jakktheladd,"the only game in my entire steam library that constantly crashes my pc , its fun when it works , but don't buy it till the devs have fixed the issues"
76561198124704570,Recommended,265300,14021267,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Lilith,By Far the most challenging Rpg games i have ever played (excluding  Dark Souls Franchise Which is Crazy) But a very addictive and gripping game with well prepared gameplay and mechanics. A must play!!!
76561198055440144,Recommended,265300,14022671,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kawaii Gamer Guy,"well i didn't get very far because after 2.5 hours my video card decided it couldn't handle it anymore but in the 2.5 hours that i did play it, it didn't crash a single time even though a lot of reviews say it constantly crashes for them. so i guess i got lucky on that part. i greatly enjoyed playing the game while i was able to even though i did encounter a few problems, nothing major but when i would do an execution my camera would randomly derp and sometimes my spells would shoot through enemies without damaging them but they would still aggro. but overall? i would reccommend people play this game."
76561197972234665,Recommended,265300,15602993,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Flori der Fux,"Lords of the Fallen plays pretty much exactly like Dark Souls. Players of Dark Souls will from the first minute on feel familiar with the controls and the combat system. The game however ain't no German-Polish Dark Souls clone. And I do not recommend comparing too much. Dark Souls is epic, LotF is not, you can easily finish it in 30 or so hours. Dark Souls is a whole lot harder and more challenging, and LotF is much more forgiving and therefore less frustrating for many players. And LotF looks a whole lot better, as the graphics are truely stunning. My suggestion: Don't ask which game is ""better"". I say : if you enjoyed DS, and you are hungry for more stuff of that genre, LotF is for you. If DS was too frustrating for you, or you are new to that genre, LotF is the right game for you to get in touch with the mechanics and game physics. I truely enjoyed playing this game. The many negative reviews mostly have to do with the enormous bunch of bugs at the release and even months after the release of the game. By now, however, it'S save to say that most major bugs have been erased. I've only encountered one while playing through the game (a crash at a boss fight) and solved it by setting PhysX to CPU only and disabling the enhanced nVIDIA physX mode. It's an awesome game, I loved the dark setting, the nice graphics, the DS-feeling without too much frustration, the skill tree, the smooth combat moves. The boss fights could have been more tactical and challenging, okay, it's not a perfect game. It's a GOOD game that I warmly recommend. Don't let all the negative reviews scare you from buying it. I sure didn't regret playing it."
76561198127064019,Not Recommended,265300,15609106,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,CybernatonEvolution,"Lords of the Fallen is an action RPG  that had good premise, and intended to implement some of the best combinations of game mechanics and RPG elements; it borrows heavily (in a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥way) from action-RPG games, but its execution is hurrendous.Major issues with the game:-Gameplay: I will talk about it extensively below.-Performance: the game runs like crap. It has terrible frame-timing and constant frame-rate drops.-Story/lore: the game is simply uninteresting, generic and emphasises on random NPCs that are not properly introduced; the gameplay doesn't make up for it, and I honestly care about gameplay more.-Glitches: Aside from the numerous issues with collision detection, the game has terrible glitches that appear mostly in boss battles; the boss freezing glitch is terrible.Get it when it is for sale or simply ignore it and wait for the sequel.Gameplay:The game has the standard action-RPG approach in gameplay. The player is provided with roll, run, lock-on, weapon-type specific moveset, magic attacks (projectiles, clones,..etc), block and parry. The combination of sluggish controls/input lag, slow roll, run/roll overlapping and impractical weapon/shield/magic switching makes the game absolutely boring and a chore to play.Furthermore, the game is mechanically ****. Enemies have insane startup and tracking, terrible full-body hitboxes and a lot of active frames. Parrying is nearly useless, and rolling is inconsistent and dumb; you need to be nearly naked to make use of it, and it is still risky to use. The previous issues with enemy design and unreliable mechanics brings us to the next issue: balance.The game is unabalanced and has stat-scalling; some low-level mobs suddenly start one-shotting you at some point in the game if you are not leveled up properly. New enemies scale very badly, and force you to use limited viable builds and playstyles that revolve around stat and AI cheesing; new enemies simply hit MUCH harder, take significantly less damage, thus making any technical hit-and-run or flashy parrying useless (you have to break the AI or simply become overpowered).Overall, the game feels unrefined and inconsistent; it is bad on a basic level in terms of mechanics. It runs like crap, and every boss battle is simply bad (the same goes for new mobs). There are a lot of turtling and lack of proper openings from enemies in the game; you don't get rewarded for trying to look for new strategies.I was personally hyped for the game, and I supported it because I like the genre. I would like more games with similar gameplay approach, but without the terrible performance and execution. I have heard that developers are developing a sequel, so get this game on a sale and invest more in providing feedback for the sequel."
76561198141057816,Recommended,265300,15592350,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Bruja Cthulhu,im considering this for practice to get into dark souls which i had experience with back on console.
76561198019230107,Recommended,265300,13614357,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Noomy,smash Rhogar skull
76561198034888313,Not Recommended,265300,15629590,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Sedina,"Lords of the Fallen is a fun game. Sometimes, it's a clever game. But it's really not a very interesting game, and that's where I can't recommend it. Crashes continue to plague the game, six months later. While they have linked a forums post here on Steam to another forum talking about these crashes, it's not even close to enough. Their customers - not the devs, the customers - put together a _massive_ list of all of the problems and a few options for fixes.The world is fairly small - you'll see most of it in the first few hours - though a lot of backtracking is involved. You can choose to play as a tanky damage machine, or a caster, or a quick rogue. Each of the playstyles are different enough to be interesting. Weapons and armor are littered around the game world, and each has a unique appearance. Kudos to their art department.The game is a straightforward action. It's a lot easier than Dark Souls and that's OK. Leveling up your character and picking up better weapons / armor makes a huge difference. Sometimes it's nice to feel powerful. But the bosses and the game overall are too easy; the only times in which I didn't kill a boss on the first try was when the game crashed.And boy does it crash. I have a machine easily capable of running this game, with a brand new install of Windows. No cruft. No video card from Joe's Discount Computer Shack. I run a Titan X on a few i7 cores, etc, etc. Game crashes often enough that I had to give up on it.I don't remember the story because it was generically bad."
76561198063201360,Recommended,265300,12768184,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Bushido,"Solid gameplay that is challenging, but not too hard so it isn't frustrating. The bosses all require skill and strategy to take down. I honestly much prefer this to Dark Souls. The graphics are great even at medium settings. Story is almost non existent, but that's not even important here."
76561198065076193,Recommended,265300,12769368,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,^eripsnI,"Everyone is saying that we should put ''apex_gpu_support_enabled'' to ''false'' as it disables the gpu pysx and forces them on the CPU. After doing so I was getting 21-30ish frames on a FX6300 @ 4.6Ghz + R9 270x, unnacceptable. Being the dab hand that I am, I messed with the settings and I found that with the ''apex_gpu_support_enabled'' on true as well as all the ''thread'' settings also on TRUE, I'm able to play with a mix of high/med settings at a constant 50-60 fps which is far more than some 780 ti users can currently say. So just TRY to play with your own setting, you may find that what is working for everyone else may just make your situation worse.The game itself is brilliant, more weighty than dark souls, but in a good way. The level design is also top-notch with some decent little shortcuts and little secrets, not the DaS2 Bonfire>Ememies>Boss>Bonfire, granted I'm only a few hours in at the time of writing.TL;DR : Performance nightmare, but can be fixed - if you can find settings that make it work for you, is actually a cracking game."
,Recommended,265300,12676970,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Pazuzu156,"After finally getting into the game after it was fixed, I decided it was only right to remove my previous review. However, I am still upset with the fact that developers still shorthand PC gamers with broken games on release. But alas, onto the review..You are Harkyn, a badass dude with markings on his face and a super slow rolling manuver. Once a prisoner, freed to fight off the evil Rhogar army after rising back up from defeat many years ago.As many have said before, Lords of the Fallen can be looked at as a simpler Dark Souls. Keeping with the brutal and cruel aspects of the Souls series, yet still easy enough to hack through your enemies in a Darksiders fasion, it's a rewarding experience for those who found it too difficult to tough out Dark Souls.Onto the pros and cons, if I may..Pros:+ Simple, yet easy combat system. I mean the backstabbing kills, just awesome!+ Helpful tutorials in the early part of the game+ Your character talks! (Not many would care, but I like my character to respond to statements and inquiries)+ Checkpoint system (Heal, refresh potions, set new respawn point, upgrade, AND enemies DON'T RESPOND AFTER)!!!Cons:- Clunky combat system (Sure it's easy and all, but it does feel a tad awkward)- Enemies are very generic in combat, removing the ""learn from death"" experience, replaced with mindless hack-and-slash and many deaths that yield no reward- Death punishment is kinda harsh (Sure, loosing a bit of a healthbar is harsh in DS, but XP decrease the longer you go without picking it up, why? WHY?)- Simple, yet weird upgrade system (Skill trees are well thought out, but you have to know what pool to pour your XP into to be able to unlock it. Why not do that for us, or just use one XP type for all without separating into XP pools)Dispite its cons, the pros are double, nay, tripple for each point that makes the game a great experience, and as a gateway drug into true cruelty if you want to slowly make your way to Dark Souls.The game already being $49.99 vs $59.99 for new games already helps it out. Want a cruel, but rewarding experience without complete harshness and 1000000+ deaths, LotF is a great buy, especially since it's finally playable."
76561198052710417,Recommended,265300,12781581,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,ThEsYsTeM,"Not a single problem until two brothers fight at end of game. Something about the fire brother freezes game, and then have to sit through Adyr's talk again. Why they didn't include an option to skip that scene is beyond me.The game should not have been released yet."
,Recommended,265300,12782693,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,D.P Bloodcraft,"This game is heavily influence by From Software's Souls Series right down to mechanics and the way the game relatively works. yes there are bugs but they dont always happen in the way that people say. it really depends on system stability. if your computer was prebuilt and you have st least the minimal requirements you will have minimal bugs. if you have built your own rig and you have higher than mimimal you should VERY minimal bugs. This games will take about 10-15 hours to complete with about 95% completion, if you dont die repeatedly, or get lost, or just farm for hours. ive played through the game 3 times and have found the average time per playthrough to be about 10 hours. It is a really good game but is rather short. however it does have New game + and New Game ++ but then it will force you to create a new character. so replayabilty is a little lacking relative to dark souls, but there aren't the same game and they never were meant to be. Even though i recommend this game, I'd recommend waiting until it gets a price drop or a big piece of DLC gets released, wether it be new areas or a new campaign. regardless, even though its good, wait until its cheaper."
,Recommended,265300,12782756,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Dayman,"People report about having problems with the game crashing, I havent had such a problem yet unless im streaming it onto twitch or something...Before this game i wasn't able to get into dark souls before but now that i've played this i am more appreciative of those games. Now i can't get enough of this or dark souls! If you enjoyed dark souls i throughly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,265300,12740186,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,selectstart,"They have fixed the crashing bug. After that, the game now feels much better."
76561198119358188,Recommended,265300,12686063,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,dustyh,"Edited(review) ok now that there are some updates for Nvidia cards out it seems to play fine. minor bugs as of right now but im sure they will fix those in the future.The game is very similar to the Souls series and has beautiful graphics. The boss fight are well paced and difficult. That is that until you understand the fighting style of your opponent and understand your strengths you will die repeatedly. Combat is a bit slow, but wasnt to hard to get used too,(I see alot of people complain about this).**Forewarning to casters and ranged combat players**There are no ranged weapons and magic is preformed through a gauntlet. For a majority of the campain ive also been restricted to my classes base spells and im not sure i will see the others anytime soon.collectively i would give it an 8/10 cuz it scratched my Souls itch"
,Not Recommended,265300,12682657,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Ezekial  🐸,"Can't progress in game due to crashes on fire attacks from a boss.I would wait till the big patch hits to buy it if I was you.This game is a Dark Souls clone. Most mechanics are directly borrowed, and the controls are the exact same even if you desire them to be. Forward + Light attack = Front Kick, and Forward + Heavy attack = leap attack. Saying this game is a Dark Souls clone is not a bad thing. I wish more games would adopt the style of the Souls series.They added some new things, If you block while sprinting you shield charge and stagger enemies. Super useful.At first I was excited over the variety of items dropping all the time, but I soon realized that your options on how to play the game are very limited. Large heavy weapons are so slow it's almost impossible to land hits with them, but I am unsure if you can actually increase your attack speed that well. All actions you take in the game feel slowed down.Enemies and bosses do not ""feel cheap"" when you fight them, and when you die, you know exactly why you died if you're paying attention at all. Overall I enjoy the game, despite it's obvious downfalls. It it worth the price tag? Probably not, but it's still fun.Technical Problems: AMD users have a brutal time with this game. Apparently there is a patch incoming through to fix a ton of issues so hopefully that will clear up a lot of problems. The fact they would force PhysX on at all times is beyond confusing. I have only experience crashes that result in effects that use PhysX as an AMD user, so I have to stay clear of special weapon attacks until the patch comes."
76561198064601673,Recommended,265300,12715331,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Artorias,"I have completed the game so I guess I will throw in my two cents here.Combat (7/10): imbalanced and rather slow-paced and favours warrior as magic consumes a huge chunk of your mana and agi weapon deals miserable damage to bosses.Character (5/10): You don't get a chance to role play other than that bulky looking guy.Performance (6/10): I will say it is optimized semi-decently, fps drops in quite a few locations and I have encountered more than 5 ctds in my playthrough.Loot (9/10): This game feeds you with a bunch of nice looking armor and weapons with different movesets very quickly.Story (7/10): direct story telling, ending is unsatisfied.Graphics (8.5/10): As you can tell from the gameplay trailer.Overall (7.5/10): A bit too short, average optimization and feels more like a hack n slash rather than a rpg. My advice: Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,265300,12794250,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,gatsey,GUYS FORGET THE CRASHES WITHIN 10 HOURS OF GAMEPLAY lol caps lock is on i have had 2 crashes... thats 1 every 5 hours.... good enough? also the difficulty is just right and the whole rpg aspect of the game is ssoooooooooooo sos customisable... gg
,Recommended,265300,12796517,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,skateblockade,NEAT
,Recommended,265300,12705343,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,KZRSoze,"Update: Ok so I just beat the final boss. Overall I liked this game a lot. It remained challenging and fun throughout. There are tons of extra things to do, secrets to find and places to go revisit, much like a Metroid game. As I played I never really felt super powerful, like I could just breeze through enemies. It also never got super frustrating the way Dark Souls did for more.The biggest differences in this regard for me are:1. There aren't many poison enemies and poison doesn't last too long.2. There are no curses.3. When fighting in a tight space you don't have to worry about you weapon hitting a wall.4. There aren't many places you need to do precise jumps and there aren't large sections with narrow areas where you have to worry about falling constantly.Personally this game is what I hoped Dark Souls 1 would be. I haven't tried Dark Souls 2 yet, maybe its more like this. I was very pleased with Lords of the Fallen and will be eagerly awaiting some DLC or a sequel.(Additional Note): New Game + seems pretty cool so far. You start the game over from the beginning with all of your gear and a new skill tree of one of the other classes in addition to the skills you already have. All of the enemies are tougher and are a match for your gear.Old Review after a couple hours of gameplay-----------------------------------------------------------------------I'll be completely honest up front. I'm not the biggest fan of the Demon/Dark Souls games. This game DOES play much like those games, but in a much less frustrating way.So far I have explored the first couple areas and beaten the first 2 bosses. I find it quite challenging while not making me want to break my controller in half. I feel like it’s a nice middle ground and that people who like Dark Souls could probably get some enjoyment out of it as well.The artwork is beautiful and the production values are high.The only thing that looks a bit janky is the conversation animations. The lip syncing is pretty bad.It seems like they spent most of their time making the enemy animations look great and never got around to polishing the conversations. It’s pretty minor, but still noticeable.Bugs I have encountered:-With NVIDIA Turbulence turned on it looks like fireworks going off across the screen in outdoor areas. Makes it hard to see, but the game still looks great with this option disabled.-Weird issue with the left thumb stick on my XB1 controller not responding correctly when moving or trying to select menus down to the right. 360 controller works fine, so I'll be using that instead.- Framerate seems to stay around 30-35 fps with vsync on or off. Maybe my video card just isn't powerful enough for it to get any higher. Still very playable, IMO.Overall I really like this game and I think after another patch or two it will be running perfectly, at least for me. I recommend it to those seeking a challenging game. It plays like a more refined Dark Souls with a more realistic Darksiders kind of fantasy art style. Prepare to Die.....Some More??"
76561198021090422,Recommended,265300,12729804,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,evguen25,crashes on start.update.the game is fixed now. Manually set up last drivers for amd and updated directx and it works now. Very good product. High quality for the gameplay and graphics.That's how diablo should be produced. :)
76561197989055190,Recommended,265300,12800157,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Noisy,"An excellant B game. I would gladly give 30 bucks for this game. If it becomes like 25 USD when its on sale, get it right away!The game has performance issues. It can use some expansion on the upgrade system; and it could have introduced a more thorough morality system. After all, who does not like a Jean Valjean redemption story? ^^That being said, combat is rock solid. It's much slower than that of Dark Souls, but gives a unique brutal fantasy combat experience. After going back to Dark Souls 2 to duel a bit, I was surpised at how my greatsword-wielding knight was so fast compared to Harkyn in Lords. The game difficulty is pretty mangaeble. For me, it has become very easy after a single playthrough of learning the game.3 basic classes that play in similar but also somewhat different ways due to different spell and gear paths.And please don't listen to them Dark Souls fanboys. Souls will always be one of the best games in this genre that it arguably created (Blade of Darkness was probably first but anyway). In any case, It's nice to see another game of this genre that brings somewhat different feel to the table. Lords is not Dark Souls, try to enjoy something that people like you and me have created, instead of clinging Souls so that you can feel you have a bigger pianist. Learn to appreciate.7.5/10. Some things are excellant while others can use more work. Excellant game overall! Recommended!Pros:-Excellent combat, enemies, and bosses.-Armor feels like armor.-Lumbering heavy knight, the relentless cleric, and the deadly rogue. Each has unique approach to various combat situations.-Excellant death and experience system implementations.-Enemies will punish you if you mess up.-Class spells/abilities is a very nice twist to the Souls genre games, changes the rules in very interesting ways.-Allows you to absolutely destroy monsters by using proper techniques, but still encourages caution because monsters can gang up on you.-Excellent sound effects (armor, swords and hammers, hit sounds).Cons:-Upgrade system could use more work.-Some story elements could have more explanations.-Somewhat predictable plot.-Not as replayable as Souls because lack of MP.-Cannot use my favorite weapon style because weapon items are leveled.-Can become too easy when the game is fully understood by the player.-Some bugs and crashes."
76561198149050787,Recommended,265300,12812948,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,jay66,"awesome game !! beautiful artistry ,but you need a nice gameing rig or beefy gaming laptop to really see what this game has to offer"
,Recommended,265300,12813083,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,StalkerDA,Awesome game so far very similar to Souls games but it have a punch to stand by its own the only thing i didnt like is that you dont create your own personal character other than that awesome 4/5 (If i could create my character 5/5)
,Recommended,265300,12675828,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Stephen,"Due to updates and patches i am now able to play this game. The game is similar to dark souls 2 but depending on what type of play style you use it can be very easy. I used the Codex sword with 3 flawless luck runes and it did 200 some damage, and with rage i could take a boss to half just by running at him and swinging like a mad man. The game lacks the real struggle and chalange that I hoped it would have. I loved the fighting it was alot like dark souls and it looks better than dark souls. In my opinion its worth about $25, its alot of fun dont get me wrong, I will be playing the NG+ for sure. Its over all a great game! If youre a die hard dark souls fan you might find its a little bit to easy for you as i found it was for me. I'd give it a 7/10"
,Recommended,265300,14280122,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Ματου,Great Game !
76561198028819172,Recommended,265300,14519113,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,OtAcOn,Great Game
76561198053731064,Recommended,265300,13584008,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,badum tıss,"if you are looking for a really epic game and if you have a controller, buy this game directly.Peoples are talking about crashes. Well, on my 34 hour gameplay, i got 3 game crashes only and i have enjoyed every minute of that 34 hour. İf you love Darksiders, Dmc, Castlevania, you are going to love this too."
76561198005834310,Recommended,265300,14695445,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Izekiller,"I'm not very experienced with the Souls games, I've tried picking them up before and never really gotten into it.I managed to get into this game though. I think it's very approachable. If you've finished a DS-game multiple times then maybe it isn't for you. But I really like this game, it's the first in ""the genre"" which I've been able to play, get a feel for and enjoy."
,Not Recommended,265300,13637969,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sir Alvhem,"Constant crashes, stuttering, ridicolous lag and other issues.Don't buy until the game gets some serious patching and opimization (if it gets)Wish I could get my money back.EDITAfter a sigificant hardware update I've finally been able to play this game.And I still want my refund.Pros:Not much, to be fair.Looks kind of pretty I guess and the combat is fun at times; that's about it though.Cons:It runs like absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥even on lowest settings.Voice acting is cringe worthy.Bosses are boring and uninteresting.Combat is made in such a way that certain weapons are plain useless. Such as greathammers.Armour is designed in such a way that even rouges look like giant metal husks.There are other things I could point out but I think I've made my point.4/10 needs serious updating."
76561197983186003,Not Recommended,265300,14668083,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Eretikas,"Graphics and design is good but, voices are poorly acted, controls are weird and sluggish. Idea to throw players immediately into a mini boss fight before you hook them with interesting story and allow to practice with controls puts final nail in its coffin. This game is prime example of game mechanics design and QA fail. Developers had multiple chances to fix the learning curve issue by relaxing difficulty at the start, but I guess they like “challenge” even if it ruins entertainment experience, game ratings and sales :)."
76561198056840757,Not Recommended,265300,14671224,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,xXxSeLpTcHeRxXx,it is an okay game if you get it for cheep.
,Recommended,265300,16068361,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Sara,It's like Darrk Souls but you don't need thirdparty software to get it working on a computer
76561198030549296,Recommended,265300,14297632,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,iloshwdgac,"Graphics: 1.5/3Story: .5/3Game Play: 2/3Re-playable: .5/1Sale Rate: 40%Total: 4.5/10Graphics: 1.5/3This is a mixed point. The textures are amazing, but are not optimized. My computer with 8 GB of ram, 1 GB of video ram, I5 2320 with 3.3 GHz processor the game lags on all setting until I turn off V-sync. If you have a current gen gaming computer, the game will look good, but with normal computers or 3 years dated one like me, you will have Lords of the Fallen FPS. The lip syncing on the setting I was on was laughably bad. Multiple objects faded in and out of existence both in cut scenes and normal play. The best was a woman shaking over ledge yelling to herself about stealing her dagger only to spawn a scared monk when I told her the dead tell no tales.Story: .5/3You play as a grizzled old man that has just been set free from jail. It is now his job to save the world from an ancient fallen god. To stop you, the god sends multiple Lords. Along your way you find enough sane people to count on 2 HANDS.The game has a similar style to Dark Souls where you are thrown into a world with a cut scene. Unlike Dark Souls, you have NPC’s to guide you. They are just far enough away from each other that you forget about them and get annoyed every time you see them. The dialog is dry and invoke little response from the player. Too much dialog to create your own story and not enough to depict the world.Game Play: 2/3Very similar to Dark Souls with 2 main differences. The first is how it treats its “bonfires”. Lords of the Fallen has a gamble system, where the more enemies you kill, the more exp. you get for killing them. You get about 2% more for each consecutive kill until you either rest or level up. When you die, you lose you exp. slowly until you pick it up. If you wait and fight around where you died, you get a slow health regen. When you do finally level up you can spend the exp. into two banks, attribute point and spell point. You can level these partially so every time you level you leave with no exp.The second difference is in the equipment. In Dark Souls, you can use your starting gear until the end of the game. Finding ways to upgrade it to make it end game worthy. In Lords of the Fallen, every level has a full set of three type of armor, lite, medium, and heavy. By the end of the game, the first heavy armor has lower stats than late game lite armor. You might be able to use equipment for more than one level, but unlikely. As such, the game as a frantic search for the next best item to beat the level. It has no natural growth, forcing you to rely on the finding a new item compared to learning a weapon over a game and seeing the weapon grow with the character over the game.The actual combat is slower Dark Souls without range damage and spell being more support than damage dealing. The starting class has three different starting equipment and three different magic’s. Your choice adjust your starting stats, but after the second boss you can respects your character, so the only important choice is the magic. The magic has three distinct versions, but they all work equally well with any play style.Re-Playability: .5/1The game has a new game plus letting you continue with your stats and equipment, otherwise no new content. you might want to start a new game to play through with a different starting class, but the weapons are not classed based, and there are several weapons that should not be in the other classes, like an axe that requires dex, or a pole ax that needs int.Should you buy it?The game feels like a first attempt by a new company to make a Dark Souls. It feels unpolished and glitchy, but there is a lot of heart in it. It has some good ideas but is unbalanced and un-optimized. Buy it on a sale and it would be a good buy."
76561198080123531,Recommended,265300,13753134,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Epik Kai,"Pretty good game. It plays almost exactly like Dark Souls but it's A LOT EASIER. I enjoyed the game during the time I played it because there were multiple weapons to choose from that you could get from rare drops from enemies or the bonus drops from killing bosses. Every piece of equipment was unique aesthetically but didn't always bring any special effect to make it ""unique."" The game was ridiculously short and only had about 7 bosses I believe, I didn't care much for the story either since it was pretty underwhelming considering the ending was kind of just rushed, the final fight didn't even have dialogue LOL. It only took me about 8 hours to complete the main story with a little exploring here and there. Besides following the main plot and farming monsters for experience, there were optional ""Challenge Portals"" that you could enter into to win some sweet gear. The challenges differ and are probably my favorite part of the game because it was a nice change of pace from the main story. However, there were incentives for replaying the game in ""New Game+."" They offered slightly tougher enemies and a couple of new weapons you can find. ""New Game++"" didn't really have much, I believe it offered only one or two more weapons that you could get but besides that, ""New Game++"" is basically just ""New Game+"" but just a bit more difficulty added into the mix. All in all, the game was enjoyable for the time that I spent playing it, was it worth the $50 I got it for? No. I say wait for another sale on steam and get it. Probably for $20-$30. In the end I give it......mmmmmmm........1/10 MUST PLAY GAME OF THE YEAR HEIL GABEN."
76561198008952378,Recommended,265300,13755587,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Gabe Newell,If it weren't for the bugs this game would definitely be better than Shadow of Mordor...anyway here's a summary of what's good and bad about this game:+Fantastic graphics+Fluid character motion+Good and realistic combat+Tons of loot+Flexible class system-Generic story with boring characters-Tacky voice acting-BUGS and oddities-Unusally high system requirements (I need to heavily overclock my 3570k & Titan to run this game at max settings @ 1440p)
76561198006935350,Recommended,265300,13170756,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mordrag,"I had to buy extra ram and a new graphics card, but now I'm 7.5 hours into it and I can't stop playing"
,Not Recommended,265300,13671029,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Faroh,"There's a reason this game has such mixed reviews. In fact, I've never felt more ambivalent about a game before. I'll try to break this down into the good and bad, with an expanded version down below.For those who don't want to read a long review, I'll say this:If it isn't on sale, it isn't worth buying.I'll expand on this later.Good:- Great looking game - armor/weapons/scenery/weapons- Fun different styles of play/different class combos- Fun spells (caveat here, sometimes there is no way to use your spells which is annoying and makes a spellcaster class of any sort somewhat impossible, more on this later.)- Overall fun/challenging game.Bad:- Still somewhat buggy/optimization issues for PC - IE binding to a certain key caused my game to freeze up and crash, had issues playing in Fullscreen mode (couldn't click on things, was gamebreaking issue).- Very poor pacing/storyline. In fact, the ""choices"" you are given which affect the story mean absolutely nothing to you because the story is so poorly developed. But, not to worry, all you get is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ narrated cutscene at the end that has no real weight to it anyways.- Irritating camera angles when fighting in close quarters (which is a lot). Also, a lot of times you're put in a narrow hallway with a heavily armored enemy with a giant shield and strafing around them is impossible.- My biggest issue with the game was the poor direction.I ended up skipping an ENTIRE AREA/BOSS FIGHTon accident because I took a ""secret"" path which caused me to miss talking to a guy who sent you into another dimension and progressed the storyline. I spent about 2-3 hours trying to beat an area that was scaled way too high and even made it to the boss before I found a guide online and realized what had happened. BAD game design in my opinion.EXPANDED VERSION:Overall, I enjoyed the game, but damn it has it's problems. I read the reviews here and didn't think much of the gripes. But they're justified and frustrating, and at one point I'd wished I hadn't bought the game at all.Due to the bugs with the keybinds/fullscreen mode, I ended up having to replay several areas over entirely.Due to the horrible story design, I missed an entire area and had to play the entire thing over after I had figured out I wasn't even supposed to be there yet. (Although it was MUCH easier the second time around.) But trust me when I say the story the entire game feels unfinished and just plain bad. For a game that looks as good LotF, the story really seems like it was written hurriedly by a 5th grader or something. Half the time hearing the dialogue I found myself saying ""what..? why?...alright...I guess."" It was just very poorly developed, and the dialogue choices sometimes didn't even match, I recall someone saying ""The [thing] isn't a threat"" and my character said ""All the more reason to destroy it""....like, what?Some of the scaling seems off. I went from being able to demolish any enemy in way to getting stomped by mobs toward the end - I suppose it's possible I didn't do enough of the side-questing, however, the side-quests are very unclear and cumbersome. From what I could find, I didn't see anywhere to read about where I was supposed to actually go to complete a lot of my sidequests. I did some of them, but never found an opportunity to turn them in. I attribute this problem to the poor story direction/design that I already mentioned.The game did have it's fun points though. I enjoyed the combat - I went light armor and dual wield weapons/staff, so I did a lot of rolling around and dodging more than blocking. A big complaint I have, though, was upon meeting the larger, armored ""elite"" enemies, their huge swinging near-one-shotting attacks didn't leave much of a window for counter-attacks, which I thought was stupid. You're more or less required/forced to use your spells/gauntlet to take down some enemies, which I also didn't care for. Why would I weave and dodge around an enemy when it's easier just to spam the gauntlet and chunk his HP down? Only limit to doing it is your Magic bar.Now seems like a good time to point out, this game tried really hard to be like Dark/Demon's Souls, however, then it tries NOT to be. Like mentioned above, it basically forces you to use your spells/gauntlet to be effective, even if you're not really specialized in them. So, I found myself dumping points into Faith because I had to, not really because I wanted to. But I will say, the game got *stupidly* easier once I used some of my Cleric spells - one had a damage shield/reflect that also healed, the other stunned any enemy that attacked me and damaged them. Much much easier.Casting these spells however, is nothing but a chore. They have long cast times, and if you don't cast them before entering a fight, good luck. You're going to HAVE to dodge around a corner and hope you can get the spell off, and the AI seems programmed to attack you when you start casting. If my spells weren't centered around shielding/healing a lot of the times I'm pretty certain I would have died just trying to cast them - I definitely got hit *A LOT* before the animation finished, but the spell still went off.However, once I got around the idea of trying to play Dark Souls style and embraced that stupid gauntlet and my death-trap-cast spells, the game became a lot easier and a lot more enjoyable (when I wasn't skipping entire chunks of it inadvertently). Most the time is spent fighting so I tended to just kind of ignore the story - maybe next go around I'll pay more attention to the side-quests and ""storylines"".Ultimately, my advice is this:- Only buy this game if it's on sale. Seriously, it's not worth more than 20 bucks.- USE A GUIDE. Just do it. The game is far too ambiguous and counter-intuitive. If you're lost or stuck or having trouble, I'd recommend looking up a guide and just sticking with it. The game just doesn't do a good job of explaining much anything.- Try to use every tool at your disposal at all times. A guide here on combat mechanics might help, I spent a lot of time kind of figuring it out.- Remember the game is crappy and if you find yourself playing in a way that seems cheap or ridiculous that you're on the right track.This is a fun game that you can enjoy playing for a little while. However, the entire game takes about 10 hours to beat. Given the very short and shallow story, the bugs, and the overall lack of polish, I can't recommend this game ESPECIALLY as listed at full price for 50 dollars. I would have had SEVERE buyer's remorse.If you can snag it for 20 like I did, or 25, I'd say it might be worth it, especially if you really enjoy this genre."
76561198015998813,Not Recommended,265300,13673197,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ALG | Verty_^,♥♥♥♥♥game.
76561198091401193,Not Recommended,265300,13673578,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,PagShag,"lord of the fallen is♥♥♥♥♥♥i play dark souls and this some enemy hide behind shelds and just wont attack you and i came up on the 3rd boss and could not kill him he went staright though my sheld, one enemy i came across was just bs he would do the same thing hide behind a sheld but he was fast and did lots of damge and i had no time to attack wtf"
76561197976695058,Recommended,265300,13674561,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Makaveli,"Very good game, gameplay is fun and challenging but never gets so difficult that you want to stop playing. Combat is similar to Dark Souls. Isn't heavily focused on story but it is there as something to keep you moving along."
76561198045147765,Recommended,265300,13676735,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,dizmidget,Game is so hard it killed my computer. 10/10 Would play again
76561198036809668,Recommended,265300,13677172,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Grimgoar,"Lords of the fallen is on a  very basic level an easier version of dark souls . the combat system is very similar as well as the free roam exploration and the hudge boss battles.  it does have its down sides though it does not offer that much exporation, the enemeys can be very predictive as well as very shallow when it comes to move sets and the story is very short. however i loved this game and felt it was a sutible filler untill either another dark souls release or somthing of the same caliber comes along. Overall i would have to say this game rates about a 7 outta 10 ."
,Recommended,265300,15249314,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Megajunn,"Here it comes - my ""big"" review.You will like this game, if you like to:see no maps in games.get no guides or directions.fight and die millions of times in slow and painful combat.play games where level is just a number (no matter how large it is).experience some weird bugs.experience some massive crashes.fall into a hole and not able to jump out from it.experience all this again 3 times to finish the game.This game is perfect - my bicycles where stolen some days ago and guess what. I wasn't even mad, cause this game taught me how to control my anger - it's just brilliant!"
76561197972500477,Not Recommended,265300,13585385,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,PORSCHE CAEYENNE SPORTWAGEN FAN,"still crashing 24 / 7 (25.12.2014)was curious if it was playable after those patches, it randomly crashed after playing for like 4h without an issue.  (06.04.2015)would still not recommend.."
76561198022830531,Recommended,265300,15140893,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,enimem645,"Despite of the crash bug, I played ths game through for 3 times. Beautiful graphics and moderate difficulty, I like this game a lot."
,Not Recommended,265300,16825154,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Fedtesmed,"When I've gone a while without playing Dark Souls, and I feel the itch coming on, I keep coming back to this and attempting to enjoy it on its own merits. I usually end up playing it for 4-5 hours, before I notice myself getting more and more mad at the game, for not being Dark Souls, and then realising that I am not having a good time.It emulates DS, but lacks a big piece of the puzzle. Combat moves are too clunky and flashy, and feels slow and unresponsive. Animations as well as the visual designs are frustratingly overdesigned. If DS and DS2 are ballet dancing, LotF is modern interpretive dance - attempting the same grace, but lacking a fundamental core ruleset, on which to balance everything.Just play Dark Souls again. I know nothing about dancing by the way."
76561197996524160,Not Recommended,265300,16827763,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Dawkins,"Either the game is grossly unoptimized or its DRM really hogs up resources. I had to refund as it ran really bad on mi PC (which runs contemporary games just fine) even on the lowest settings.Great example of developers biting more than they can chew, imagine how great and polished this game would have been if instead of dumping so much time into making their crappy engine behave they had just licensed Unreal Engine and poured their creative efforts into it...Sad..."
,Not Recommended,265300,16832773,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,PainBringer,"I really wanted to like this game - it has great artwork, creatures look fantastic and the battle is interesting... However, the game is very boring. The story is almost non-existent - and this is probably the biggest flaw, at least in my opinion. I simply have no reason to keep fighting endless streams of enemies, because there is nothing to look forward to and nothing to keep you interested. Every part of this game - battle mechanics, graphics, levelling, etc - is good on its own, but the ""glue"" that holds them together is really bad. The other complaint goes to level design - everything looks very similar, there is little variation.People say that this is a clone of ""Dark Souls"". I've never played ""Dark Souls"", but if this game is similar to DS, I guess I will avoid it."
76561198066800098,Not Recommended,265300,16664886,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,WannabeWallaby,"Pros:Fun game, Dark Souls combat.Cons:The labyrinth boss, the Keeper. No matter what my settings are I always crash on this boss, usually when he is at half health. I've crashed more times than i've died agianst that boss.Will update if things change.Edit: 6/30/15After 5 more crashes during the boss fight The Keeper, I was succesful. Upon leaving the labyrinth I crashed another 3 times. But eventually I was able to leave the horrible DLC crash zone. After that the game didn't have a single crash, just as it was before I entered the labyrinth.After that the game ran fine, I continued to progress in the game and defeated the boss. Their are three possible endings but I will not be replaying this game anytime soon. Skip the DLC and you might enjoy this game.Base game 7/10DLC -4/10Overall 3/10"
76561198162114583,Not Recommended,265300,16505183,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,teo.kovacev.1234,"Game is good but it crashes all the time -.- you can pass 3rd boss becouse of that and i paid the game, omg."
,Not Recommended,265300,16505776,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Autism Cat,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game maybe like 2/10, the combat is way too difficult and the first boss is impossible"
76561198120602952,Recommended,265300,16538750,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,雷特宁 君- z,"Others complain that its fall short compared to soul series but as i have played both, i say dont view this game as soul series but rather view it as a decent rpg with the mixed of dark soul and darksiders. Btw the armor and weapons are badass :)"
,Recommended,265300,13609089,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Focus,"Follow up review after patches:I got the game to work after the March update, and everything went smoothly. I had a blast with the game, it looks great and plays well. The story is interesting, and the characters are decently thought out. I found myself going back to new game + and enjoyed it. I recommend this game to anyone now, but get it on sale.After about 1 hour of reading forums and trying various fixes I was able to finally launch the game, and I enjoyed it for a few hours straight. Very fun, faster paced Dark Souls. When I came back to play again, the game will not launch and consistently crashes as soon as it is started. I have tried to replicate the success of the first time I was able to launch it, instead it continues to crash. There are much better places to spend your money, even if this ever gets fixed, which I have my doubts, I would recommend you reward better developers with your money."
,Recommended,265300,16614213,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Bunyan,"Good Game, Played through once with a high amount of skill points to get the hang of the game then started to play legit. Love this game, great boss design and awesome weapons to find. Offers a challenge like souls but has a more arcade-y feel to it. Pretty great game, would reccomend."
,Recommended,265300,16904248,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,FixeL,"Dark Souls without the frustrations. Ignore the haters, this game is not original in terms of gameplay (Dark Souls clone), but it's definitely a fun game nevertheless."
76561198103485502,Recommended,265300,16875322,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Amadeus,"I've played the latest build for quite a while (~20 hours) and have not experienced a single crash. Every graphic setting on high except NVDIA turbulence since I'm using an AMD card. FPS dips to ~45 occasionally but no big issue or stuttering.Game started relatively challenging but a combination of some grinding and luck made me OP towards the end.Nonetheless, combat still requires some skill instead of mindless button mashing.Lore is rather interesting but story is sub par.No meaningful side quests and side characters.Graphics and art design are good.Overall, a good game.Get it when it's on sale."
76561198056125356,Recommended,265300,16951374,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Ragnarök n' Roll,"I really enjoyed this game and its storyline was interesting to me.  You really need the requirements listed for your computer or better to properly play this game.  There is a large variety of weapons.  I wish there were more skills, but you get additional skills based on new game plus."
76561198117451303,Recommended,265300,16309640,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Khmer,"A really grat game, nice graphics and a nice game principe at all."
76561198048848853,Recommended,265300,16403323,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,IndieGameDev,"The game is quite similar to dark souls but you can not say that it is like a dark souls game. Due to different art style, combat style and storytelling approach. One the other had, I kept saying to myself that I wish that each weapon had felt as unique as in dark souls. So, you just can not keep saying to yourself that it is not souls game because it remembers it so much even if it has a different approach to the game.VerdictGAMEPLAY 8/10 - I enjoyed playing this game and it was fun as hell but I wish that boss battles had felt the same as the first one. Furthermore, I had no crashing on my hd 5650m graphics. If your game is crashing, then you do not have enough ram or just increase virtual memory which will fix the crashing problems.GRAPHICS 10/10 - Better than dark souls game graphics.STORY 7/10 - They releasded me from prison, then I banged all lords while being drunk and now I can choose world fate.This game has some flaws but it is fun and you should give it a chance."
76561197989546363,Recommended,265300,13587505,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DonnyBojangles,FInally works :DIt's like Demon's Souls but not so gloomy.
76561198059173805,Not Recommended,265300,14364107,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Khirasier,"broken hit boxes, and theres literally no poijnt in playing anything but a warrior you get nothing out o the other classes except less damage less health and less stamina, the game is short and the game isnt even challenging the only reason its hard is caue like i said broken ♥♥♥♥ing hit boxes like you can be standing 10 meters behind an enemy and they will strike in front of them and some how you will still get hit and overall the game is really broken and compared to darksouls its i flying pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥aiming towards a pit of fire"
,Recommended,265300,16365510,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Margonite,"IntroductionThis game is constantly seen as a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Dark Souls copycat because it takes a lot of similar mechanics from it, but the unfortunate thing is that it is getting a bad rap because they feel the need to express how much they love Dark Souls and how Dark Souls is the greatest game ever played. I love Dark Souls but honestly don't compare these games too hard.GameplayThis is where this game shines honestly, for the first time I have actually played a game and felt like wielding different weapons completely effected how I faught. Seriously the move sets for the weapons deeply reflect various styles of play, so instead of grabbing the biggest weapon you see to one shot mobs you actually might have to find a weapon that is right for you.-for example one person reviewed the game saying the combat was clunky. I think that was the wrong thing to say because weapon styles feel more realistic here, swinging heavy weapons is going to actually feel slow, because they are HEAVY. I would honestly say timing is more important in this game than it is darksouls, except for the fact that monsters do not hit as hard so you dont get punished as much.The spell system is rather small but adds some nice finesse to the different classes. It is more of an avatar system that a spell system so don't expect a lot of glorious magical spells.Graphics and Art StyleThe visuals for this game are done rather well actually. the game looks beautiful but the voice acting needs to be matched up better with the animations. The armor and weapon designs are beautiful but light armors don't portray a light-armor design. Then again, Harkan doesn't really seem like the light-armor type anyway. The game definitely gives you that fantasy sort of feel.One issue with the game is the lack of variety in monsters and explorable areas. Although for the setting you are given there are tons of explorable ground, the world is mostly contained in a monestary and a rhogar realm. have fun getting lost beneath the monestary though.StoryThe story is a bit breif, but is rather interesting. i'm not going to spoil a whole lot of it for you but I will say that I think this game has tons of potential for later games.DLCThe dlc sucks hands-down but the companies that made the game are rather small and most of the dlc was extra incentive to people who pre-ordered the game.SummaryThis is the first game that takes a close look at making people feel like they are wielding different weapons, but with having a rather small group of developers the weapon range excludes bows/ or an advanced magic system. The content is a bit short but is definitely worth a couple plays through and the concepts and ideas show a lot of promise for games to come in this series. I would also like to add that the developers show signs of really wanting to improve on this game so keep a look out for a very promising future."
76561198043989375,Not Recommended,265300,16349487,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,KKJ,"I want to like this game. I really want to like this game. But the fact that it's practically been a year and there has yet been a patch that makes this game essentially playable for most people - or in my case, even start up-able, is a travesty."
76561198039267632,Not Recommended,265300,16620522,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gaping Cloaca,"i was hoping to have this game fill the void of darksouls after a beat the first on xbox and the second on pc, but it falls short on my expectations.the good:the graphics are nice, the enemies are interesting and the world seems well designed. you get weapons really quickly and its great to play around and experiment with the different weapons and each one is unique, this might be an erea where it beats the souls games and i hope that darksouls 3 will take a queu here and make their weapons feel more unique.the bad:the levels layout is bad, and the game is super linear. i thought DS2 was a more linear experience, but at least there you could chose the other you beat the bosses to a certain degree. here, the game feels supremely railroaded and is more a series of boss fights which aren't really that interesting.the worse:the combat feels terrible and doesn't hold a candle to what the souls games offer. the largest issues i had was with the windup to the initial attack and the lockon tracking. i prefer to use heavier weapons, the hallberd is my go to in both Dark souls games, in this game, the windup is to the first strike is so long that even after succesfully dodging, rolling or blocking the enemy attack combo you will still get hit before you can wind up the initial attack. the only way i have found around this is to abuse the sprint heavy attack and even here with the heavy weapons i use having a vertical attack rather than a horizontal one, i tend to miss the enemy  when he strafes. this might be aleviated if you prefer light faster weapons but this is not my prefered play style.all in all its a decent game, but isn't a good substitute to fill a souls void. buy it on sale maybe, i got it for 20$ on sale and got a few hours of ""OK"" fun, but its way overpriced and not really worth finishing in my opinion. if i were to give it a score, it would be a 5.5/10. its slightly above average, i haven't run into any bugs or anything, but the game is 100% forgetable."
76561198040083608,Not Recommended,265300,16688071,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,lAmGreeg,"I played this game on Xbox One shortly after purchasing it on Steam. Reasons: Experienced issues with loading the game on Steam and this style of game is much easier to play with a controller.So, first things first. Am I the only one who is having trouble loading the game without it crashing?!?Now, Honestly I enjoyed this game greatly and was pretty addicted (Like I am with the Dark Souls Games). The gameplay is an interesting playstyle with a Dark Souls feel. Most of the bosses are actually quite difficult. If you are a Dark Souls fan I do recommend this game, but I'm putting the game as a No for Recommend just because of the Crashing Issue. So if you play I recommend you play on console."
76561198157312887,Not Recommended,265300,16738388,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,pesty,"runs very slow, tries to be ds but know where close. game lags badly lesss than 30fps and yes my computer is fine all the settings are at there lowest and it still lags wont be playing any more. its a shame i was looking foward to playing"
,Recommended,265300,16656147,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ホープ・エストハイム,"great game,depending which magic u choose at the start of the game,it will totally change the way you play(slightly).and the boss fight has some variety."
76561198057538660,Recommended,265300,16663840,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Stringdogz<3,"Never played a game like this before, its amazing!"
76561198021349852,Recommended,265300,16712880,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Mechanical Violator,"Lords Of The Fallen is quite a good game if you like the 'Souls' style of games. While it is not as hard as Dark Souls 1 or 2 it does share the loveable AI quirks that those games have (enemies walking off cliffs, or strafing around you endlessly without attacking) and the overall feel of the controls. The only serious issues I have with the game are technical ones, It took a great deal of doing to get it to stop crashing at the alienware logo at startup, and others have stated other random crashes that I was thankfully free of. The one other thing is that if you die at the same time as you kill a boss the game becomes un winnable, so be ware! The game is quite fun and the graphics are realy good with a cool dungeon punk aesthetic that fits the game style well and doesn't get too egregious with the large shoulderpads.Overall I liked it, but if the possability of a game not working puts you off then this might not be the best perchase as technical issues seem to be common, but if that doesn't sway you then I think it's a good buy."
76561198079549410,Recommended,265300,16715494,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Szeged,killed a spider then jumped off a cliff  11/10
76561198033151577,Recommended,265300,16717451,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Wolfgum,"Lords of the fallen..... Great game whit a nice story. If you like dead soul series then this game is something for you. The only thing I don't like so far is the bug/crash this game brings. think it has soon been a year sens it came out and it still crash sometime but ather then that, I like it."
76561198042956065,Not Recommended,265300,17111837,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Urial,"Game combat mechanics try to mimic Dark Souls but fail miserably.Your guy will swing his weapon super slowly, and the enemies will recover and smash your face in super quickly.Game itself is just terrible when compared to Dark Souls.  What a waste of 50 bucks, wish I could get my money back."
76561198098376072,Not Recommended,265300,12687463,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,vlphonehome,"i can't play it!  The game just drops my frames from 30 to 0 all the time. They can'tjust realese a game like this, they need to patch it as soon as possible!"
76561193703023150,Recommended,265300,12687575,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Chimpus,"Fun game with some flaws.-Good gameplay, the controls are pretty much the same as the Souls games, take that as you like, if you don't like those games you won't like this.-Good graphics, Its a pretty good looking game, the armor and weapon design is somewhat WoW and Darksiders like,  big shoulderpads and SPIKES EVERWHERE.Mixed audio, music is pretty forgettable and the voice acting is just average, i felt like some audio didn't play, like i expected to hear a thud when someone fell in a cutscene and small magic explosions didn't make any sound, its nothing major but i noticed it.-Difficulty, At first it was kind of hard, i went with warrior and used sword and board, i had some issues with tower shield enemies, i felt like when i finally broke their guard they recovered too fast, not giving me time to do some damage, then i started to go full heavy armor and weapons, at first it didnt change much, when i broke their guard i was out of stamina so they just recovered and i had to try again, i soon realized that i had to wait for them to make a move and hit them in the short time that their guard is down before an attack, things started to become easier after that and when i got some of the better greatswords and axes i just completely wrecked everyone except for bosses, i broke the tower knights guard in 1 hit and killed them in the next, after that the only challenge was from boss fights, which were also getting really easy, so i guess if you go with strength is't just easy mode, not sure how hard it is with agility and magic classes.-Level design, The few areas in the game were well designed and inter-connected, reminding me of Dark souls 1 butthere are only about 4-5 areas in the game, it just makes you wish there were more places to explore, which leads to:-length, The game is too short, i finished it in 10 hours and 24 minutes, i would have gotten maybe 4 extra hours if i did all side quests but they are mostly collect-a-thons, and even then it's not just about how long it took but also that i wanted to see more of it, explore other places and do more, there's just so little content.Overall it's somewhat flawed but still a good game.7/10"
,Recommended,265300,12687579,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Blado,"Initial impressions are positive. The patch seems to have fixed my performance issues, and I haven't experienced any crashing in a while. The combat of the game is very satisfying, with each hit feeling like a real impact. The story and characters are completely mediocre, but I didn't really buy the game for that. If you're looking for some solid Dark Souls type gameplay to hold you over until Bloodborne, this is a good choice. If performance issues return, or I start to crash again, I'll update this."
76561197967838799,Not Recommended,265300,13622187,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Loqa,"Nice things first - The graphic is realy good. Also the XP-Gain system and the ""reward"" for fighting as long as possible without using checkpoints is realy good. The design of the small armory is very good.And that's it. Nothing more nameable about it.ALSOyou have to know something. I played demon souls, Dark souls I / II. I love these games, even if I hate them in some special way. Therefore I compare this game mostly to dark souls I / II. I think because I like the souls series much, I gave this game hard time. If you are a casual gamer and just want to play a Hack&Slay which looks pretty decent and doesn't care much about anything else- Then Go for it.The Bad things (and why):1. The ambience + story:You are thrown into a world, from which you barely get to know things. Sometimes you find an audio record in which somebody tells something about the place you are. You know nothing about anything at the start, even you. I mean come on - even Dark Souls I/II did better. And even after you get to know a few things about you and the demons you are fighting against, it is misplaced and boring.2. The ""Skilltrees"":You have 3 different classes(cleric, rogue, warrior) witch can choose of 3 skilltrees (warrior, assassin, cleric). Sounds great but every skilltree is made out of just 4 Spells. Every of that Spell can be skilled 3 times. The first spell of every class is the same. You create an Illusion of yourself, which the enemy has to attack...except he is a range enemy. As a warrior, the spellset is pretty useless. Too manai-intense,  too little damage and so on.3. The Enemies:Yeah most of them are pretty easy to defeat and those wo aren't, they are pretty bad. And example - every time I attack an enemy from behind (even when he is distracted by one of my illusions) he turns his front towards me, while I swing the weapon. In most of the times this isn't important, but pretty dumb. When you fight against an enemy with a shield, he will always turn his front towards you and therefore you attack his shield. Even when he is attack an illusion, when I swing the weapon he instantly turns himself towards me (except he is swinging his weapon at my illusion). And now a fun fact : When I block a hit from such an shield enemy and I instantly swing my weapon at him, my weapon hits the shield but makes normal damage. Just because I blocked a hit from him means I can hit him? That's dumb.4. Crafting :Its lifeless and annoying. You have exactly 2 kinds of runes. Small ones and big ones. Once you've found the smith, you can break the runes open and they will get an effect by random. These runes can be placed into your weapons and armorparts. Beside the fact, that there are just 2-3 realy useful runes, after I had the runes that I wanted, all the other runes where obsolete. Sadly you cant do anything else with these runes than crafting (okay thats not entirely true. You can use small ones to open some chests.). So ...you just carry about 20+ small runes with you and will never use them. It would be more fun, if you could combine runes to better runes or something.5. Armory :Yeah that game got some weapons. Most of them are trash and totally worthless. And it seems to be complete irrelevant which rarity these weapons have. E. g. after I finished a boss, I got an orange colored weapon (which I suppose is very rare) and in an instant later I found a totally normal weapon which was better in every aspect. Also you can't get rid of useless weapons and have to carry them around. The most annoying fact is, that you can't realy upgrade weapons. Some of them have sockets and you can put the runes into them...but that's all. Would it be realy THAT hard to develop a system in which I could use runes for forging weapons and upgrade them to the best so that I could use the shortsword I realy like but can't use because its damage output is too low? I think not.6. Attributes:You got Strength, agility, faith, endurance, vitality and luck. Yeah...6 Attributes and 4 Spells. Great. Luck is mostly useless...sooner or later you will find a good weapon of choice and a good armor. And to get better runes...well you got enough runes. For me the game lacks an attribute like a quickness. You can't change the speed in which you are rolling or swinging yourweapons...why?7. The ""Help"" :Yeah..help is nice. If you want to know what the different stats in a weapon mean, you gonna have a bad time. Most of them are self-explaining but let's take the stat ""POWER 100%"". What does it say? Well looking in the internet may help you, but why can't I see it in the game?  Dark souls II could explain EVERY word...why not this game?8. gain & use experience:Well that's something I just personally don't like. Others may find it nice. Because there are so few things to level up, a few points make a recognizable difference. Also this leads to the situation, that after a few hours of gameplay, you'll need to ""farm"" about 30 minutes to just gain 1-2 new level ups. For me this is very frustrating. In Dark Souls II, you reached that point at the end of the first playthrough.So that's all I have to say. I hope it helps you to determine if you will like it or not. It's very simple and has a lot of potential, but sadly unused potential."
76561197972391263,Not Recommended,265300,13618447,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,bryantrim,"Fun for ten minutes, then it craches + fighting the sames monsters over and over againg, really not cool."
,Not Recommended,265300,13624746,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,eyedan,-Keeps crashing all the time-Doesn't save your video or keyboard configuration settings so you have input them each time to start up the game
76561197965986001,Recommended,265300,13625556,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kibbles,"I was a bit worried I was going to encounter a watered-down Dark Souls experience, but I was pleasantly surprised by the depth of combat options and level design.Truly impressive graphics (I ordered the new geforce 970 gtx video card because of it).This game advances the state of art by giving us deeper combat complexity while simplifying spell casting.Heavy armor offers superior protection while lighter weapons are much faster.Dual wielding is better represented.Spell casting is available to every class, but not strictly necessary for success.As good a solo dungeon crawling experience I've had to date, Demon's Souls, DS 1 and 2 included.Cheers!"
,Recommended,265300,13612620,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Fis,"After having 0 technical issues with the game it's self, I've found the combat a refreshing look at the souls-esque combat system with some wonderful tweaks. Though the writing it horrible, the environments are recycled a bit too much for me to enjoy, and some of the boss fights are really watered down; I still enjoyed the game very much so, though I'm not entirely through the game yet, I just wanted people to know that the game it's self is actually really enjoyable. I hope those with technical issues get them sorted out to play the game and enjoy it, as it isn't a bad game, but it feels rushed."
,Recommended,265300,13612783,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Hudsonzero,Dark souls but viking-ish with betters clothing physics and the preview lighting
76561197997602202,Recommended,265300,13613021,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[RRCz] HaMMeR,"If you love Dark Souls, and smashing your head against a wall, then you'll love this game."
,Not Recommended,265300,13614897,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,WG4575,"This game is not good. Why? Well here's a sentence explaining it:DARK SOULS IS EASIER THAN THIS BULLS*IT.Dark Souls. Wonderful game. INCREDIBLE. I beat the whole game and absolutely loved the challenge it gave, whilst still giving you a chance. This game gives you NO chance to dodge nearly any attack. It is HARDER than Dark Souls and has made me want to throw my controller multiple times. In fact, I have quit the game only a few hours in because it is so damn difficult. I quit, Lords of the Fallen. Unless you can fix the difficulty and balancing issues within this game, I quit. I give this game a 1/10. Worse Souls-like game I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,265300,13615502,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mwedemeier,"The game itself seems great, but the frame drops and load times make this game unplayable.  From the time it takes to open the game to when you are actually playing will be at least 5 minutes.  Then you will be lucky to hold a framerate above 40fps.  Really wish that I could get a refund of this game.  Do yourself a favor and do NOT buy this game, at least until they fix these issues."
76561198030813429,Not Recommended,265300,13615701,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,honestlyblueflag,"I don't enjoy the ""Souls"" series, but despite that, I still bought LotF hoping it would be a little less frustrating and more enjoyable than the ""Souls"" series was for me.  I was wrong.   The controls are bad (the contrtol scheme being just like the ""Soul's"" series, but here they feel even less precise/wieldy).  The voice acting is atrocious, as is the sound quality (it sounds like it was recorded and mixed in somone's basement).  The story and dialogue, what little there is, play like they were written by Eastern European pulp authors; which I suspect they were as this game is basically an East European ripoff of the ""Souls"" series.  And as such, I can't recommend it anymore than I could, say, a Polski Fiat."
,Not Recommended,265300,13618561,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,«disasterpiece,"You know how Dark Souls works because the controls and general mechanics feel good? They are easy to use, but tough to master, and none of your mistakes can truly be blamed on anything other than yourself. That's the complete opposite of this game.*SPOILERS*All the bosses are humanoid creatures with a shield with whom you have a rolling battle for 20 minutes only to get a single hit in before he instantaniously lifts his shield, and you do it all over again, assuming you don't get hit. On top of the mechanics being garbage, the story is boring and predictable. I'm glad that the unique style of RPG that Dark Souls brought to the forefront is branching into it's own genre, and I'd like to see more of it, but this was a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor attempt at a western RPG made to look like a JRPG which is made to look like a western RPG."
,Recommended,265300,13630740,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Attrition - Man,"So far I like the game. Alot of my friends say Dark Souls is a better game but I like to look at each games for the quality of the experience rather than  comparing it to another. However as for the cons to this game it doesn't play smooth like iI would expect it, performance is a little on the choppy side which I hope the developer will improve in the future. But overall I would recommend this game to people that like Witcher, DS, Shadow of Moridor ect."
76561197995417310,Recommended,265300,13627481,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,THRILLHO83,Great game.Latest patch has solved many bugs.Replay value is moderately high due to the extra weapons and gearthat you require on the second playtrough.
,Recommended,265300,13627645,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nyumitoni,The Game Dark Souls 2 Should Of Been.
76561198040638662,Not Recommended,265300,13629040,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Rekka1212,AMAZING ♥♥♥♥ING GAME.  You like soul's games this is it.  Not as punishing but hard.  Only thing keeping me from giving this a yes for recomendation is the optimization is ♥♥♥♥ing GARBAGE.  Ill be running plus 75 frames then dip's down into the teens out of nowhere. My rig is sli 670's 3770k 16gb's ram.  I am way over the rec spec's.  It just needs to be fixed.  Also the crashing is bad but theres a fix for NVIDIA users.  Go into Nvidia control pan and put PhysX from auto to either your Single gpu or one of your dual gpu's.  That stopped the crashes.  Great game but ONCE AGAIN THE PC PLAYERS GET ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥ED ON BY THESE LAZY ♥♥♥♥ING DEV'S WHO KNOW WE WILL BUY THERE ♥♥♥♥ING GAMES.
76561198041904547,Recommended,265300,13629602,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Hey,"This game has the Dark souls system thats obvious but in a strange way i like that and dosnt matter this game has a lot of things of other games most of dark souls e.e but its a great game has a good story nice graphics and a good system of combat but... still being new so have a litle bugs like every new game is released so thats not a problem the company should fixed that in the future i hope so and the other thing you require a nice PC to play it even in all in minimal graphics its still being slow so you need to have a nice computer to really enjoy it at the 100%,in resume this game is good no the best but if you want another dark souls but better desingned buy this game 9/10Fix the FPS and it will be 10/10 :)"
76561198068309988,Not Recommended,265300,13629873,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,remus5150,"Thankfully I purchased this on a discount. This has a has a lot of memory leak, for the amount of detail in the game it requires a lot of VRAM to run on high setting, about 3.5GB, which is insane compared to other games that don't come anywhere near that much and are much larger open world game (Shadow of Mordor and DA: Inquisition). Other than that the game plays fine. That is the techincal flaw in the game.My experience with this game is bit overwhelmingly bad in mechanics in my own opinion. I was expecting in between experience of part Darksiders style combat and part Dark Souls survival. Though I have only played Dark souls once and for a couple hours at that. Failed multiple attempts at the very beginning and could not do it anymore. This is purely for fans who have played a much difficult game as to the liking of Dark Souls. I was really hoping this game would fill the gap for me on feeling a bit like a Darksiders type combat mechanics. I was wrong. I am giving this game a thumbs down from where I stand on the game. I feel that as someone new to this type of gameplay that the mechanics would be a little more fluid and not so clunky. I felt that I had a hard time swapping from shielding to dodging to attacking. None of them seem to flow correctly with the other being next up. There is a lot of precision timing in hitting the correct button at the right time and I feel that is a bit off. I have played my fair share of combat combo games and I feel the dodge could be a little more accurate, whether heavy armor or light armor. I also feel as a beginner I know we all have to start somewhere and learn, so make an easy mode so us new players can learn and not become so frustrated and never want to begin to think about trying to play a game like this. I am having to use a TRAINER on my stamina just to help me out in the game and I still die like crazy in this game. An no I not Button Smashing. I am being patient and waiting for the right open spot to hit the enemy. It's so much as the mechanics of the game isn't accurate enough when sheilding or dodging."
,Recommended,265300,13633033,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,𝒜𝓀𝓉𝒶𝒾ℴ𝓃,"Lords of the Fallen is a beautiful polished environment with equally dark survival horror with consequences to every action, It will make you choose between Fight or Flight, myself spent a lot of time running away from new encounters and stumbling through a wall to find a new secret,Graphics are truly amazing and will get you looking off into the distance, Harkyn looks good through all the special effect during fight, and the enemy's are all Great looking irrelevant of size.Cut-scenes are kinda few and far between but what few are seen can be enjoyed as a visual pleasure.Music fits in very well with fights, cut-scenes and passive game-play.Story is in honesty lacking an actual story it's as if the story was added as a final thing to give game-play a point it's what is essentially a very short version of Dragon's Dogma Story with hidden extras all be it but not enough to keep my coming back for longContent is sizeable if you can find it, It has been very well hidden around with extra quests, full sets of armour and weapons Plus some other items, If you like to wonder around finding these items with no map or any guidance then yes there is a lot of content but if your new to this type of secret hiding then Prepare for a short game.Game-play is simplistic but works very well its not oversimple on control but easy enough to pick up and play, then once get into fight mechanics it can fit any realistic play style, the game-play is a truly outstanding Hack and slash style and well worth playing even if for game-play alone.In my opinion the Game is well worth playing it's major floor is the story lacks the complete Back story, but through that the game is very playable and I have done 3 play through of each class and magic type and am planning on playing again because of the sheer explorability. If your a dark souls fan you may be disappointed, but to all those who said Dark souls was too hard here is your answer Enjoy and a Good Buy for anyone who wants to attempt a Real survivor.85/100 Rated by Akage"
76561198123425367,Recommended,265300,13641653,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,jeffpickle89,"The game really isn't that hard as far as controlls or character advansment.  It's rather a simple game.  However what makes it slightly difficult and annoying is the fact that combat is slow, clunky and irritating.  I find i can only stand the game for an hour before i am tired of it and move on to something else.  The combat is slow.  It's not just about knowing your enemy but getting used to the weapon your using.  Attacks are slow and attack follow throughs are somewhat exagerated More so than dark souls 2.  The combat is one of those things you love and hate at the same time.  It's realistic but extremely overly exagerated if you're a button masher you really won't enjoy this game.  You need patience timing comes into play and just waiting for the right moment to strike then get away.Is it Dark Souls 2 equivelant?  No.  Is it Dark souls ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ brother that can't seem to be fluid of even kind of fun while being challenging?  YupIf you are a dark soul 1/2 fan i'd say pick it up.  If you're not or a button masher this game really isn't for you.I like it i just wish combat was more fluid and wasn't so extremely exagerated and clunky at best."
,Not Recommended,265300,13644244,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Roxby,"Lords of the Fallen is a very bad game.At first glance of the game, it looks good.  Graphics aren't bad,  gameplay is close to Demon souls type games.  Once you really dig down deep this game is terrible mimicry.   The controls are copied from souls games,  you have a shield to block, weapon of choice and magic.Here are the big problems.   Hit detection, hit boxes, and attack animation.  Unlike the beautiful souls games, where the slightest attack can register on the target, and every swing that connects will have an effect.  This game has very general basic attack vectors.  If the enemy has a shield up  you can't hurt it from any angle.  If the enemy is attacking then its wide open.   Also the skills and weapon movement is very badly generated,  you'll notice that sometimes weapons skip frames and count as attacks.  Magic in the game is an after thought,  spells usually have the very same looking effect and do very little to improve gameplay.  Instead of the enjoyable frustration of trying to find an enemy weakness like Souls games,  this game gets frustrating due to the bad gameplay.  Camera bob is another really annoying unnecessary feature.These combat flaws, forced me to pursue a refund.  I would not recommend anyone buying this game,  since it will become extremely annoying."
76561198057159656,Recommended,265300,14726026,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Psychobeatz,great game if you like dark souls you like this only thing is there is no customization has some really good graphics and overall its a good game
76561198077423173,Recommended,265300,14658127,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,slamer69,"Never ""CRASHED or FROZE"" till I bought the ""DLC"". In my EXP. there not worth it,you find better armor & wepons in the first map. { SO I PAID $10.95 FOR USELESS EQUIPMENT & SCREWED MY GAME }["
76561198020424431,Recommended,265300,14834825,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Daelan,
76561198053295381,Not Recommended,265300,14815184,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Reckoning_V2,">This review is unfinished<(also rant incoming prepare for possible spelling/grammar errors)(im gonna compare this to Dark Souls 1 ans 2 cuz its the closest camparison.) I just picked it up and Im having trouble playing for the first boss is very difficult as well as the first enimies. Now i understad the idea of a very difficult game like Dark Souls. It's made to callenge and make the player actually spend time developing skill and tactics over time. but this game threw me into the fray with a really short tutorial/walkthrough of combat. After some time i realised that the rolls are almost useless the enemies hit you regaurdless. I felt as if I had just havent gotten ahold of the mechanics just yet then it hit me. It barely lets you test the mechanics before dumping you into a 2-3 hit hits till death area where you get your face kicked in. See i understand, its suposed to be difficult but if i can't grasp the assets i have before me im gonna leave feeling ripped off.  in Dark Souls it gives you messages on the ground that tell you how to attack and everything and then gives you peons to fight before throwing you into a non-forgiving world where you will die. But this just throws me into a situation hellbent to kill me.So at the end of this rant i say it isn't properly built for a new player just entering the game with a basis of Dark Souls. Its gonna make people with no history in these type of games time and research."
,Not Recommended,265300,14828598,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,║404║GTR║Xerati║,Game has many bugs and it's just a dark souls rip off
,Recommended,265300,14831905,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Captain jOE,"Lord's of the Fallen. I have to say I greatly enjoyed the game. It's a great ARPG. I really think they ""nailed"" the combat. I loved it! The setting was good. And the end was satisfying. I both had a good adrenaline rush as well as a satisfying end to an epic tale!The atmoshpere of the game was cool. It was very ""short story-ish."" The game isn't huge and expansive but the areas are cohesive and set the setting and story well. This came with a slightly bland line up of enemies, but again, kinda makes sense given the small scale of the game setting.To expand on the combat. It felt very smooth and responsive, the swing times and blocking felt right. Not blindingly fast, not unresponsive like Dark Souls can be at times (love the souls games, but combat has it's hitches). Mixing blocking, attack strengths, shield bashing, gauntlet shots, and magic made the combat interesting, flow well and feel right. The sound effects.... felt soooo right, satisfying crunches. Shield bashing was awesome, as a warrior it really felt like you could manhandle the enemies. It really felt like you were in control of the combat while feeling the right tempo considering how beefy and armored you are.The music was suprisingly good. Not in the music itself as much as the use of it. In Dark Souls you get music pretty much only for bosses and your home campfire. LOTF used it sparingly. Sometimes there was just the howl of the wind. Others, epic operatic scores. It made certain points of the game more tense, it felt urgent and epic.I had a few crashes but only in the audio lore screen, hope that get's cleared up.Pros-Awesome combat-Mix of dialogue and lore was great at conveying the story-Graphics look gorgeous-Cool armor and weapons-Atmosphere: gritty and cohesive-Music-The gauntlet is freakin coolCons-Enemies, little diversity-Sometimes the audio dialogue was stitched together in an awkward way-A few crashes when viewing lore and running backround programs like dxtory-The game sometimes was very vague on sidequest locations, even a sketched map or slightly better npc directions would be great (as you can't review their directions either).First time I've ever written a review. I just wanted to counteract all of the negativity this game is getting. Does it crash at times? Yes. Does it have a few glitches? Yes. But why is it ok for triple A developers to get away with wayyyy more buggy games and it's ""ok"" because we like a franchise. This game was an awesome first game in a franchise I hope to see more games in it. This developer is good and I would like to fund their future endeavors. I just hope in future titles they can clear up a few of the crashing issues and hopefully make larger more diverse games. Although if they wanted to stick with this more focused ""epic/shortstory"" (ancient mythos style) I would be all for it. Hopefully with a slight price drop though."
76561198045471959,Recommended,265300,14707382,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,WarZ3bra,"Great game, if you were put off by the difficulty of dark souls give this a go. a western approach on the whole genre. only thing i didnt like was that the combat system is so clunky, it just takes a while to get used to is all. definately a recommend,"
76561197967143865,Recommended,265300,14768965,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Mr McFabulous,Alittle God Of War meets Ninja Guiden with alittle Dark Souls.
76561198065851933,Recommended,265300,14862861,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Moogabet,"so,so"
,Not Recommended,265300,14635093,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,cheezisgoooood,Was hoping for a decent distraction leading up to Bloodborne but it's very bare bones and toward the end got very tedious. Doesn't have the same epic scope or detail of a proper Souls game and is obviously very low budget.
,Not Recommended,265300,14805217,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Waldemart,Graphics is amazing but gameplay sucks! Besides It's to expansive for game like this!
,Not Recommended,265300,13964283,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Xieken,"Cons- Very very buggy  - my magic pool is permanently reduced thanks to that Greed trinket- Very poorly optimized for PC - it's like a kid on Gmod who first discovered the Particle Emitter tool and lags the server- Broken hitboxes for some enemies - enemy sword was not moving and at the end of the animation yet if you get near it you still take damage - attack go right through the legs of The Beast and doesnt register as a hit- IMHO, poorly designed enemies and bosses- IMHO, overall game favours heavier buildsPros- Helps get that Dark Soul itch if you have anyIf you look aside all the bugs and fps drops, it's just an ok game, very slow and sluggish but easy to get use to if youre familiar with Souls games"
76561197997966155,Recommended,265300,13984504,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,r¡sê ºƒ çhaös™,Amazing Dark Souls game put into a Warhammer Chaos type universe.  It doesn't take a genius... look at the screenshots..
76561198068478923,Not Recommended,265300,13987833,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,onenaser,A failed gameSystem is unfairThe whole mistakesI regret that I bought the game
76561198064442996,Recommended,265300,12682893,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,iJOKER123,Lords Of The Fallen is a solid attempt at what the Souls series has done there are some issues with the game like when you go into areas that are outside there can be some frame rate issues this isn't down to the PC that I personally have this is a common issue but I am sure that they will fix this issue soon as many people are experiencing it. To people who havent played the souls game I would still recomend it is a bit easier than the souls games though this may be because I have spent a good amount in both dark souls games there are some changes with Lords Of The Fallen and it does have some tutorial hints to help new players  so if you are thinking about playing harder games this might be one to start with also the combat in it is very fun and the timing hits mechanic adds something to it's combat that dark souls doesn't have and I have not seen any issues with the combat so far. Overall from what I have done in this game so far I would recomend that people play it because it is fun to play and something a bit different though I recomend that you play with a controller even though it does offer keyboard suppot but this may just be baecause I have gotten used to playing these types of games with a controller.
76561198030649620,Recommended,265300,12683518,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Dredd,This game is amazing! Graphics and Gameplay are not comparible to other games- this game is in  a league of its own!Buy it!
76561198001518949,Recommended,265300,12685511,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,nato,"cut a dudes arm off , he thanked me"
76561198035536025,Recommended,265300,12685626,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Duff™,"Basically, it's Dark Souls on PCP! Prepare to get fisted!"
76561198041935128,Recommended,265300,12697592,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,cubeninjas,"I really like the feel of this one, its slower but has a layer of heavy combat that truely gives you that satifaction with killing enemies along with the flow of carefully timed attacks that make it very hard to not be cautious with each encounter. I did have some optimazation problems but nothing that became to unbearable to deal with, that said, you should give this one a try if your interested in some rpg third person action."
76561198035804820,Recommended,265300,12690860,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,JeesasaurusRex,"This game is garbage. I have a slightly older computer so I knew I needed to turn down the graphics options a little bit. This game decided that I can't do that by turning up all the graphics options everytime I play, especially the ones that require a game restart to take effect. 0/10 can't play it, don't buy it.Edit: After doing some editing to the files (making sure the exe was run in admin mode and changing a few other settings) I was finally able to not have the game default to graphics my computer couldn't run and could actually enjoy the game. Kind of ridiculous that the developer couldn't make a reliable menu but still, pretty fun game."
,Recommended,265300,12700218,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,simon_neil_scott,"As someone who has tried playing the Souls games, I am enjoying this a lot more as I am a casual gamer and I find this to be a better challenge, but nothing headache enducing and scream enducing like those games.I see no issue with a game being a challenge, but not in sanely hard.This is more fun.But the game is buggy and crashes, and the in game animations, lip syncing and so on are just bad. Otherwise a nice looking game and easier to navigate then I found SOULS to be."
76561198004993696,Recommended,265300,12701563,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Jebbry,"About 8 hours in and I'm impressed.  I needed another game ""like"" Dark Souls, but a little less tense.. and this is just it. Not as hard but can be just as fun.  A lot of customization.  Graphics are just about the best i've seen, though i can't max them on my computer which i think is because its a little bit buggy.  All in all, I'm very glad about this purchase and look forward to playing more!"
76561198006014195,Recommended,265300,12701608,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Echonight,"Mixed reviews? Common, game is really good! Give it a try and don't die then you'll enjoy... It's not Darksouls but it is much more beautiful!"
76561197973697621,Recommended,265300,12677171,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Drakne,love it.
76561198011315302,Recommended,265300,12677477,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Stank God,s'ight
76561198045245752,Recommended,265300,12677908,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,BrainBlast,If you like dark souls. Play this!
,Recommended,265300,12677958,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,JuicyJ,First of all I like to think I'm a decent gamer.. Not the best but certianly not the worst either. On that note I'd like to throw out a warning for any real noobs out there. THIS GAME IS HARD!! you have to fight stratigically and use every weapon at your disposal. personally I like the challange lately it seems more and more games are hack slash pull the trigger done. this is not one of those they def. make you work for every kill. even the little guys. Now on to the boss's or Lords as it were. I'm not going to say that there the hardest boss fights ever because there not... after you figure out there weakness's. They are super over powered and there is no checkpoint half way through the beast so buckle up and be prepared to fight the guy over and over and over until miraculously you finally beat him. which will  fill you with a sense of accomplishment and pride. but while your fighting him be ready to dip down into the depths of gamer Hell and be Rageing for over an hour.Overall fantastic game great cut scenes and great story.But who's leg do I have to hump to get a choice on difficutly or a checkpoint in the middle of the gigantic health bars of the bosses?p.s. watch out even the minions can kill you with one hit in certian situations gotta stay on your toes!!
76561198057113065,Recommended,265300,12678306,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Grizzly Adamz,"Still in the process of playing it, but so far it feels pretty good.If your rig can run it, you're in for a dark souls clone with a feel rather entirely different from the inspiration. Tighter fighting zones, floatier stagger mechanics, good visuals. It feels like a more casual version of DS, where they reward you for taking risk but offer more frequent safety nets.Different equipment choices feel & play differently, as do the class abilities.There seem to be more NPC interactions, lore is delivered through them & audio logs of all things.At this point I'm glad I picked this up."
,Recommended,265300,12678466,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Xhenthius,"Let me begin by saying that I have not played any of the Dark Souls game so I will not be comparing this to DS.  If you are someone who has not played DS, this review might help.  After about 2 hours or so, I was able to try the 3 classes available at Lords of the Fallen.  I have also beaten the 1st boss in each class.  I have to say, I really like Lords of the Fallen.  I don't really feel being rushed into every encounter.  Exploration is great and holds great rewards or nasty surprises.  If you rush into a door, there just might be a mob waiting to take a bite at you.  With the New Game + feature, I can see myself replaying this more than Shadow of Mordor."
,Recommended,265300,12678477,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,littlenewbie,"Died to the first boss about 20 times before finally beating him, naked with a dagger. Second boss went down first try. All is at it should be. Compared to DS, the monster stats seem weaker (first boss didn't have a single attack that killed a naked rogue with 1 hit... not even the slow overhead smash...), but their tells are more subtle. Also, tons of loot and the armors look f'ing amazing...Overall: 10/10 would die again."
76561198115875033,Recommended,265300,12678985,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,GODOFWAR,"8/10I have only played this few hours and this is what i have to say this game is based upon demon souls/dark soul + some cool gear - co'op + rpg= ok game, i personally think if this game was mmorpg, it would have been mmorpg heaven. Great visuals good story line, again item hunting. All items come different reg, rare, also sockets are added to wep and armor, that use runes (if you compare it to dark souls/demon souls). A bit less of char customization, less magik. it looks like the  developers basically focused on fiting and some magik for slight support. Basicaly same leveling system get exp go waist it in skills or magik points, or keep em staked for bonus exp and better loot (so yeah the more souls/Exp u hold on u unused the greater the bonuses)in the end its ok game to play one time, definetly a buy for demon souls/dark sould fanatik when the price have dropped."
76561198041443883,Recommended,265300,12679073,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Hsarus,Lords of the fallen is a really good game don't compare it to DS. Even though they have similarities it's not the same game at all. LOTF graphics are beautiful I had a problem with being stuck at 30fps in the beginning witch was driving me nuts because I'm not suppose to have that with a gtx 980... so I've checked every graphic settings and it's the Very High shadow that locks the fps at 30. I don't know why and the game after wards will be at 60fps it is lock. Anyway overall right now I'm really enjoying it I've play 10hours the 1st day so for me it's a good sign.
76561197971219003,Not Recommended,265300,12785615,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Murasaki,"Small world - Kept waiting for a new type of area, but you just revisit the same.Few different type of enemies - about 8 types.No online play coop/pvp.Graphics look pretty good.Combat is fairly easy but sometimes feels 'unfair' - enemies can turn 180 degrees instantly..Main reason for this negative review; it's too expensive and I regret putting so much money in it, 50 euro.Especially compared to other titles. It should be 30 euro max.So get it at a discount."
76561198147843766,Recommended,265300,12788279,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,LautrecOfCarim,"so far is a good game, is kind of like a heavier version of dark souls but in a good way"
,Recommended,265300,12679405,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Starman,"This is a hard game to recommend, but I am going to do so anyways. Something is off about the game, and it's really hard to say why. In terms of combat, it's a  very visceral, if not effective and very satisfying heavy version of the combat you would find in a souls game. The control layout is almost 100% identical except for how rolls are handled and a few other things. Being able to charge your attacks is a nice touch. You will love the combat......and then you will hate it as soon as you love it. The problem is kind of straight forward. It's the enemies. It's not that the enemies are hard, and it's not because their tells aren't dramatic, it's the fact that they drag out an already slow combat to a very frustrating snails pace. It's all fun and games until you encounter a kite shield enemy. If you encounter two at the same time, might as well set up camp, you'll be there a while. The problem with the kite enemies is that you are meant to punish them by shield breaking their guard or waiting for them to attack so they open themselves up, however guard break is all but ineffective against these types of enemies. The only way I have been able to break through their guard is with heavy two handed attacks with a polesword weapon. This is fine and all, but it takes away everything once you realize this and can just mash 2handed attacks.Everything kind of just bleeds together in this game. From a visuals and a gameplay perspective. It's really tough to clarify. It kind of just feels like a fever dream. It's a very disorienting game with the lower frames, heavy graphics, and the weird movement speed.  There is a story that is primarily told through audio logs, but even that doesn't seem all that interesting.I don't see the point just yet in choice between 3 classes. You can obtain the armor types and the weapon types of all the classes on one character. I want to start another file to check that out. I haven't really touched the spells at all so no comment there.The graphics look nice. the main character reminds me of if you took a space marine from warhammer into an elder scrolls type of game and decked him out.The enemy types are fairly boring. The gear is kind of eh.The checkpoint system in this game is fairly similar to the bonfire system in dark souls with one major difference: when you rest at a checkpoint, the enemies will not respawn. It seems enemies only respawn when you die. But what this means is you can pretty much farm really easily with zero penalty in doing so. Yeah, your experience multiplier suffers but it's not a massive deal. I feel that the ability to bank your xp in either spells or attribute skill points is cool, but I wish they would have incorporated a way to put in an exact number. Right now it's highly sensitive to that trigger press and you tend to overshoot how much you wanted to bank.Overall, I am going to recommend it, but with a warning. I don't feel the game is worth full price, and it's a very disorienting game."
76561198054023497,Recommended,265300,12678157,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Wormleton,"This game has smart combat, interesting enemies and is great looking for the most part.I've only played this game a little but so far it has definitely grasped my attention.7.5/10 Defs recommend, brah."
76561198038395931,Recommended,265300,12681144,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,MOOF,"Cannot Figure out how to use my Pro Ex controller in this game. It is not giving me options to use a gamepad at all. Would really like to play this game but using a keyboard and mouse is a huge turn off to the game before I even begin playing it. Dark Souls had a bad controller scheme and i was able to use x360ce to modify that at least, this game isn't letting me do the same thing however. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks."
,Recommended,265300,12681798,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Retro Hamer,"This game is amazing, i f*cking hate it.this is a beautiful game, visually and technically.whislt stunning to look at the gameplay of this game is unique and challenging.nevermind the lords (boses) the basic minions are a challenge in themselves.you will die. and die. and die some more, but dont get too angry, when you finally kill that big f*cker it is beyond satisying.8.5/10... a game where you cant just left click to victory and actually have to put some effort into."
,Recommended,265300,12682166,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Arvictus,A good game that borrows alot from the Souls series.+Banking in your xp is a nice touch.+Learning curve is not as steep. Boss fights are a little more forgiving-Some boss fights lack tension
,Recommended,265300,12682593,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,SnarKs,"After 10 hours.So for all you Souls fans:Game mechanics -I wouldnt approach combat in the sameway that you approach dark souls. Especially if you like to fast roll and rely mostly on dodging instead of a shield to avoid damage. It seems like lords of the fallen is designed with the mindset that you WILL TRADE HITS with enemies. Which seems really horrible if you want to play a lightly armored character in this game, as armor does actually provide excellent damage reduction. A good example of this was when I was fighting the boss in the catacombs. The boss had only one attack that I could dodge and retaliate without being hit. This worked until phase 3 of the fight when he stops doing that attack, and I am pretty much forced to trade hits because the boss recovers from attacks very quickly. Unless of course I am just bad and couldnt see another opportunity to hit him without worry.i-frames - I think theres some invulnrability while rolling, but its doesnt last long. Definitely not the same timing as dark souls. So something else that you would have to adjust too. Ive kinda stopped rolling after that boss in the catacombs.Shield Turtling Enemies - These enemies just feel plain stupid in this game. Although after a while I think Ive gotten a decent tactic to dealing with them. Kicking and then attacking them seems to break their poise very fast. If you just kick them continuously, it takes 3 kicks to get their poise down. Same goes for attacking and bashing. You can also do a sprinting shield charge that breaks their poise everytime.Shortcuts - if you liked opening shortcuts in dark souls, well theres tons of levers in this game that open up doors that connect to previous areas. So far theres no fast travel, lots of back tracking like the first half of dark souls.The game itself -Pretty good so far. The world exploration feels really good. You got your set main path, many side roads to explore. I think the catacombs area is completely optional, and is so far the best area Ive explored.Enemy variety isn't much yet. Mostly youre fighting the rhogar, and the game introduces a new rhogar type enemy once and a while. Theres been a fair amount of giant spiders and demon hounds.Inventory management is terrible. Its just as bad as dark souls, if not worse.Boss fights - Ive only done 4 so far. The first one is a decent first boss right at the start of the game. The second one is meh, graveyard boss is pretty good, and the catacombs boss I dont really know how I feel about. I didnt like being forced to trade hits during the 3rd phase, maybe Im just bad.>.>Devs#1 -"" Hey, lets put PhysX in our game and not put an option in to completely disable all the super demanding PhysX stuff! ""Devs#2- ""Oh YEAH! GOOD IDEA! EVERYBODY WANTS PHYSX STUFF ON!""Devs#4,5,6,7,8,8,786,867,86474756 - ""WHOOOO PHYSX! YEAH!""Nvidia - ""PHYSX! GO F YOURSELF AMD!""P.S. - I have an Nvidia card. And the devs have just updated it with the option to disable physx in the menu."
,Recommended,265300,12749206,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,JackPlasma Twitch,"First review, ive never felt ive had to make a review with over 50 games in my library, this game is great but it crashes like CRAZY, it starts off when you fight these rolling exploding monsters, and those guys become more frequent in the game as you go on, my game has crashed over 20 times, with a game that is partially punishing, especially since it is manually checkpoint based, this has driven me crazy with so many parts to repeat and so much backtracking it is close to unbearable, i recommend the game but the developers need to fix some major technical issues."
76561198059717145,Recommended,265300,12807649,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,SwoleMander,"I fairly enjoyed this game and I havent enjoyed a game for a while. I could never get into dark souls because it was to hard for me to enjoy. I love the combat though and this game has the same mechanics overall. Great game for a casual like myself to enjoy. Its still a tough game but not to much to be obnxious like dark souls. Ive played this game for more then 12 hours, something wrong with steam. I beat the game 3 times, as each class. I wasnt really a fan of the new game+ in this game. Its a good game to hold you over for like a week. I would only recommend buying this if you find it on sale."
76561198014871019,Recommended,265300,12808181,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Joshy P,"Great game, stellar graphics. Very hard!"
,Not Recommended,265300,12808721,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Moridas,"The game is great, but not on PC. It random freeze, very frustrating."
76561197999394307,Not Recommended,265300,12809635,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,whiteblaze420,"never written a review for a game ever. but i can say that i was very excited about this even with the remarks i read. the game held up for 4 hrs of play time 2hrs here 2 hrs again and i was having alot of fun. i crashed on my second sit down and told myself well i guess ill jsut wait for a patch came to my sences that maybe people were right. so the patch came and i loaded up the game and instantly the game froze and crashed to desktop. im running a watercooled i5 3570k over clocked to 4.2ghz gtx 770 reference card and 16gb of ram. all drivers are up to date and i can run anything else with no problems what so ever. the game fits my style play a little and then move on, but cmon lets not sell something that is broken to the public, i cant seem to understand how my setup is so over the top different on anything they ran tests on as to where they didnt know it would be broken..... just my two cents, wish i could play game is actually fun to me"
,Not Recommended,265300,12757079,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,neojb1989,"--- Post Post Post Patch Edit Edit Edit ---Addition...the game still crashes with the removal of those settings, but atleast it's only a crash to desktop now and not a crash of my entire computer. I don't know anymore. It's just...how does a game in this state make it through to a full release? Even people on consoles are having difficulties!Make your decision, the game itself is fun, when it works.---Post Post Patch Edit Edit---In the advanced settings of the graphics, there are three columns. If you disable/low all the columns on the right hand side, the game seems to be permantly stable. It's unfortunate because those make the game look very pretty but, stability over graphics anyday. Changing it back to a game I recommend playing with the frustruation of crashes now gone, I can enjoy it without going crazy whenever I lose progress to a crash.---Post Patch Edit---Before the patch, the game would crash, the screen would flicker, the screen would show an image again and I could continue on using my comp by simply closing the game. This new patch kills the image to my monitor and I have to restart my computer because I can't see anything. I want to enjoy this game because it looks great and is fun but ♥♥♥♥ man, I can't get past it just crashing my computer completey.I bought it after watching VatiVidya's video on it and everything he said about the game is true, but ♥♥♥♥ man...how does something this crashy get released and past testers?--- ---(TL:DR)-Game crashes alot. Sometimes at the worst times, setting you back very far (worst was an hour for me). If that weren't an issue, this game would be great. Buy it but get ready for frustration.Before I fought the second to last boss, I had to wait and hear some dialogue while my previous boss kills were shown to me , alongside with the weapon I used to kill them, how long it took, and how many attempts. This whole thing took about 10 minutes to 15 minutes.Halfway through that next boss fight, one of the bosses hit me with a flame attack while I was blocking with the gauntlet and my game crashed.Since the game only saves the state whenever you hit a checkpoint or go through to a major zone, I got reset to before the 15 minute dialogue.The game, in the state that it is in on 11/2/2014, is broken just enough where, when it does crash, it is extremely infuriating.One of the mechanics in the game is, the longer you go without hitting a checkpoint, the better drop rate and experience you'll gain. This would work FANTASTICALLY if the game never had any real threat of crashing. But since it does crash frequently, and the game only saves on checkpoints or on entering a major story zone, you can very easily loose an hour of progress just because you were trying to raise your experience/item multiplier by not hitting every checkpoint.This happened to me multiple times and the most infuriating is when it happens after a boss fight or after sitting through a bunch of dialogue or finding a key item. It's just ♥♥♥♥♥♥, real ♥♥♥♥♥♥.The thing is though, I can't say how I'd review the game if this never occured because I'm just a bit salty over the whole thing. The game itself is solid, it's souls-like, it's generally easier than dark souls or demon souls, the design is much more fantasy and bright and none of that is bad. The combat has some nice mechanics (with the timing aspect and whatnot) but the bosses are a little simple.You can make the game quite easy for yourself by making sure to level up your health and then stick to one main damage dealing stat (maybe a little faith for your gauntlet and spells, atleast to the point where you can use all your class spells) and you'll likely never have a problem. Pay attention to any buff icons that might appear on your character, because some class spells don't mention specific buffs (for example in the blue spells, the 'shelter' spell will actually heal you although that is not mentioned in the description).I don't know, the game is fun, it looks good, it plays well, it's fairly short (not counting crashes, someone coming from a dark souls or demon souls will easily beat the game in under 10 hours) and there's some replayability in trying out different classes. Though I hear new game + is lackluster.I haven't beat the game because having just crashed at the 2nd to last boss I'm just frustrated. I would have no second though recommending this game IF IT WASN'T SO BUGGY! I'll still say 'yes', in the hopes that at some point the issues are fixed but just be warned, this game is buggy and it can lead to some real bad frustration."
76561197982912397,Recommended,265300,12745847,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Xanadu Boogaloo,A little bit buggy (cut-scene voice sync and some occasional enemy clipping) but otherwise great. Very much like Dark Souls but with its own touches. Some nice features; audio logs will continue to play after you exit the menu system so you can 'get on with it' and you can interupt your own actions during a fight. There is a handy 'favorite' system for hotswitching weapon choices and combat feels weighty and responsive. Great atmosphere and an organic level design.
,Recommended,265300,12747748,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Rakarsis,"Some issues with crashing at the moment, but otherwise an amazing game.Combats feels better than any other game I have played, graphics are A+, enemies are varied and challenging. Love the art direction and resulting environment and armor sets."
,Recommended,265300,12747791,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,redweevil,"This isn't the greatest game out there, it doesn't compare to any of the Souls game, but despite this its still a worthwhile game. Its one of the first games to actually attempt at making Souls a genre, taking the mechanics and ideas of the game and trying it in a new direction. It plays slower, has a much more generic art style and none of the fights so far have rivalled the greats of O+S or Fume Knight but this doesn't stop it being a fun experience. I hope to see more games like this as time goes on"
76561198220211431,Not Recommended,265300,21913457,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,sonoracat,"I was interested in this game. Even got the Game of the year edition. However, when I purchased from Steam I recieved the Russian language version. All text was in Russian. The only fix was to find a third party lauguage patch. I asked for a refund because I felt that if I spent $29.99 I should not have to find a third party patch to fix and issue that is so well known there are third party fixes. I feel Steam should have a simple patch to fix the issue whem the game down loads in the first place."
76561198018682798,Recommended,265300,22144271,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,kso87,"Let me start by saying that this review is my opinion and in no way law with regards this game.This game has been sitting in my playlist for over a year and I’ve been dying to like it. I have taken a few tentative steps on a number of occasions but never played past an hour or so (I’m an expert at the first area!). I heard this was ‘Dark Souls Light’ and I welcomed that as I was terrible at DS and would agree that is a fair comparison to be made. Then I discovered my character class rogue/fighter and the game opened up and became a lot more accessible. Finding the class that suits you is key and it has taught me not to just write a game off if I find it too hard.The graphics are fantastic and puts me in the mind of the underrated Space Marine game if set in a high fantasy world that encouraged gruff voices and copious amounts of steroids. Scenery is beautiful and some the PhysX effects are great if you can have them on. The acting is pretty poor and the storyline isn’t going to be winning any awards but it is passable (if you use your imagination and fill in the gaps yourself) and you may as well just pen your own ending or steal one from your favourite book/film.I realise that I’m sounding quite negative towards the game but I’ve given it the ‘thumbs up’ that’s because even though it has a menagerie of things against it, it’s fun. The combat is a flexible and you have to approach every situation carefully depending on what weapon you have equipped and who you are up against. I died…a lot, but this didn’t stop me from returning to the game again and again to get it completed. There was something addictive about the constant punishment and tough battles. I rage quit more than I care to admit but was back to it within fifteen minutes and determined to get past the area. That alone is something of a rarity in games these days, I went back to it and it wasn’t for the storyline.Ultimately, this game should be commended for what it does right and there are a lot of things in that category. If this game is reduced then I would encourage you to pick it up in a heartbeat, look past the flaws and quirky story and you’ve got a gem of a game that shouldn’t be missed."
,Recommended,265300,22247335,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,MudDuck,"I had a lot of fun with LOTF. While it's not as engaging as DS2, the visuals are gorgeous and the story is interesting. Combat is not as polished but is still a lot of fun. This game can stand on it's own as a contender in the genre. It took a little while to get the combat mechanics down and the difficulty is a bit erratic. The beginneng of the game is very easy. Almost too easy. Then as you progress through the areas, you realize that since it was so easy in the beginning, you start to have a lot of trouble with some of the enemies about half way in. Then, all of a sudden, the game gets too easy again.Regardless of that, I had a lot of fun with the game. It is a little short and the only reason I have 62 hours on it is because I tried out all of the character types to about the half way point and finihsed the game with the one I liked best. I would say you will get about 25 hours of solid gameplay out of this one."
76561198006659716,Recommended,265300,13398277,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,The God Emperor,"For me personally this game can be summed nicely by simply calling it: ""Badass Armor and Weapons the game"".Honestly, every suit of armor and almost every single weapon looks awesome. It seems the developers took the best designs from Darksiders, Warcraft and of course Warhammer mixed them together and created pure concentrated shoulder pauldron badassery. There were times when I slowly walked through an empty corridor carrying a huge sword, a huge shield and wearing armor which would be appropriate for a Space Marine and all I could say was: “I look badass”The light armor in this game makes the ultra-heavy armor in many other rpgs look weak and frail in comparison.Oh… right… I should talk about the gameplay. Considering this game will always be compared to the souls games and pretty much everyone reading this will have played those, I am going to assume that you are a souls player. Personally I would place Lords of the Fallen as far as overall enjoyment is concerned between Demon’s Souls and Dark Souls. It sadly lacks a bit of polish at times but more than makes up for it with meaty heavy combat, great graphics and enemies which, even if some of them are not particularly interesting to fight, still have the benefit of looking cool.Here are a few things this game adds to the souls game formula which can be considered straight up improvements.When you kill enemies you gain experience and you gain a multiplier that will eventually double the experience you get for each kill. This multiplier gets reset every time you die or use a checkpoint. In addition to that you will leave behind all of your collected experience when you die and this experience will decay over time until you retrieve it or die trying. The experience you leave behind heals you when you are in the immediate area and do not pick it up, you can use this give you and edge if you die repeatedly or simply ignore it. Every single attack has a specific timing window which allows you to launch another attack at a reduced stamina cost and light dual wielded weapons have devastating attacks which can only be accessed by getting the timing just right. This greatly rewards those players who can keep a level head even in dire situations. Every single boss has a special way to kill them that usually makes them more challenging to fight. If you successfully complete this challenge you will receive an upgraded version of that boss’s weapon often with a very useful special attack.For better or worse, magic in this game acts just like in dark souls as an easy mode when you know how to use it. If you crave a challenge then do not use magic. There is a single enemy in the entire game that can only be killed using it so you have to invest only a tiny amount of your experience in it.In conclusion I can say that if you like the souls games or like badass spiky armor design then get it as soon as it is available for 40$/Euros. If you have a decent computer you will most likely not regret it."
,Not Recommended,265300,27931003,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hey Guys Is The Saladman Here,"i mean i wish i could review it but it doesnt even work,i wouldnt recommend it to anyone who likes working games,from the one mob that i killed its basically dark souls so go buy that its an amazing game,refuneded maybe one day if the developers focused on actually fixing there game insted of making dlc i'll actually get to play it."
76561198004171488,Recommended,265300,26720099,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,MuffinKnight,Really nice and not all too chalenging game if you're new to the genre.
,Recommended,265300,26832284,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tommbry,"First of all I have to say it's a great game.But the thing is I didn't follow the story directly and therefore ended up in some areas where I shouldn't have been at that time, however I managed to fight through and was rather OP after that, still had alot of fun with it though."
,Recommended,265300,28005483,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,synchotron,"I originally gave this game a negative review and gave it one more chance before i uninstalled it and i have to say it is a fabulous game.  I havent't played very much dark souls because i have found too many impasses in the game that prevent me from continuing. This game however feels like dark souls lite. I have now completed the game and feel it hugely underrated. It has beautiful graphics, artwork and level design and superb music and decent voice acting.It has a few flaws but certainly no more than most games and it would be a terrible shame if this game didn't get a sequel."
,Recommended,265300,30625221,Posted: 19 March,all,DuckMufasa,"I found Lords Of the Fallen to be a very exciting and intense game. It's gameplay is similar to that of Dark Souls, although it was not as aggrivatingly difficult (which does not make it better or worse, just different). Every enemy has some way to exploit them and once you know it, they are much more feasibly defeated. It is a very aesthetically appealing game, and it's combat is both very smooth and intuitive.The 3 different magic types as well as the multiple weapon and armor classes  allow for many different types of gameplay. I enjoy its re-use of the same areas as the game progresses while still succeeding in hiding many secrets throughout. Also has an aspect to it that causes your choices to affect the ending scene.All in all it is a worthy while play, and can last for much longer or shorter periods from start to finished based on the individuals adaptability."
76561198044481315,Recommended,265300,20263236,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Heavy666,"I had a lot of fun with this game,It is a game like dark souls allright - but what makes it more a game for me is that the grafiks are better and most important - I don't need a f...ing gamepad to play it - I HATE THESE THINGS!!"
76561198035753771,Recommended,265300,20145425,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Misza,"dunno how nvidia users getting on with this one but amd users will have rly bad time... havent seen game BUGGED like this one since LOTR:war in the north. DLC crashing literally every few minuts making it impossible to finish... bad support etcedit:As much as I don't like to be wrong this time I'm glad I was, done my research and found few ways of fixing crash issue (don't like low details etc.) but it worked and I could finish the dlc. Now, when game is playable I can say it's a good game :) Much much easier than Dark Souls as well so if you fancy that kind of game this should be beginning of your journey :)"
,Recommended,265300,24173233,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Facarwi,"Dark Souls came out in 2011 breaking new ground laid by Demons Souls proving that making a hard game is okay and that precise controls are just as fun as the cinematic styles of the Batman series made by Rocksteady Studios and the likes. I say what's the point of innervating if no one else follows.Enter Lords of the Fallen, a beautiful RPG who's major sin is being too much like Dark Souls. It has cringe worthy voice acting at times, the bosses look far more intimidating then they are to beat. But overall its a gorgeous RPG that takes souls combat style sacrifices the absolute control and gains a ton of cinematic quality in the best possible way making a meaty weighted combat system. Music and audio as a whole is fantastic and while bugs plagued the launch I bought this mid 2016 and only crashed once.At 20 dollars its a steal for sure, worthy of any RPG fans time, it may not be as hard as Dark Souls but just because Dark Souls proved games can be hard and fun does not mean every game needs to be hard in order to be fun."
76561198129268964,Not Recommended,265300,14019430,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Inspector.,"So, I was playing this when it first came out and loved it but did not have a controller so i decided to wait, i somehow forgot about needing a controller until now i have one, i installed, booted up andLordsOfTheFallen.exe has stopped working.EVERYTIME.Don't bother buying, its a bad Dark Souls anyway."
,Recommended,265300,23575655,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,DAMN RATHER,"It's fun. Great graphics. Cool weapon and armor designs. Combat is lacking- instead of real difficulty, most of the enemies are just tanky and tedious. It's rare to interrupt enemy animations or break their guard even weilding the largest weapons. LOTS of circling around enemies to get around their sheilds. It seems like some enemy shields protect about 270 degrees around them and THAT IS NOT HOW SHIELDS WORK."
76561198015788689,Recommended,265300,21192578,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DroyD,Pretty good preparation for Dark Souls. Nice graphics and fun.
76561198085988664,Recommended,265300,21065683,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,doobalooza,"double handed axe check, heavy armor check, power of god check, go kick some heretic, make some blood rainning!"
76561198027448793,Recommended,265300,21041829,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,westtrot,The combat and atmosphere are quite a bit like dark souls but not quite as hard. The game runs pretty smooth and the graphics are awesome though it had some issues at launch(reason for most of the bad reviews) they all seem to be fixed.  Lords of the fallen is a great game.
76561198065867547,Recommended,265300,13759113,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DeN_DarK,"Game is ok if you like Dark Souls.It is very similar in mechanics and gameplay and mey count as a clone. Anyway some things are missing and I must say game is not so large, and interesting as Dark Souls.It is not very long, have few areas, limited items, and short and predictable plot. Way your character evolve pretty restricted too.After some patches bugs are less. Sometimes game is crushes. It isn't very often and not stand in the way of the completing game but may be annoying for someone.All in all i reccomend this game for all fans of Dark Souls - if it cost not too much. It may fill your week with some interesting fights with bosses. Not masterpiece but it is ok if you have spare time."
76561198148406780,Recommended,265300,13760030,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Misanthrope,"One of the best games I've played. Great combat, challenging but not frustrating, interesting main character, varying play styles. Really enjoyed it."
76561198024930818,Recommended,265300,13679355,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ZanderJS,"Updating my review, now that I've completed the game.For those who have played the Souls games, you may find LOTF to be somewhat slower, less responsive in that your movements are sluggish, be it evasion, recovering from attacks or casting spells. Plus side though, is that it's a smaller world IMHO, so it's a little bit faster to finish it.Control wise, I can only comment that you are better off using a controller, as with the Souls games. With it, it's quite okay.However, you will need to take note of your own handling of the control when it comes to running and evasion. Running here uses the L3 button, so that has a tendency to sometimes work or not work in the heat of battle. So happens one of the key attacks in this game is a running jump attack, allowing you to close the distance and whack during an opening, and openings are a tad hard to come by in this game.As for Evasion, it uses the A button (Xbox 360 for PC controller) and the button also doubles up as the sprint jump button. Hence, you need to make sure you are not running in order to pull off a proper roll.Weapon setup wise, I don't find LOTF to be very balanced. Unlike Souls, you practically need a shield, both for breaking down walls to hidden areas as well as to stagger shield-bearing opponents (Rhogar Bulwarks). The kick in this game doesn't help with breaking shield guards, thereby rendering your two-handed moveset pointless in such a fight. For dual-wielders, you can't really out-circle strafe the shielders. Hence, the game creates much frustration if you do not wield a shield.And for those who fancy using Magic only, look elsewhere.Spells here are only to support melee and they are terribly slow to cast, often preventing you from pulling one off successfully in the heat of battle.Range damage comes in the form of The Gauntlet, which is a magic arm cannon.Doesn't do much damage but does provide some effects with the use of different runes.Hence, you WILL need to rely on Melee.Bad points aside, the game does have good graphics and some of the elements it has are pretty good ideas:1. The Combo-Timing System2. The EXP Modifier Streak / EXP banking System3. The non-respawning of enemies when using the recovery crystal/savepoint.4. The ability to save without resetting your XP Modifier.Story wise, it feels a bit weak, especially since you have no idea about Harkyn's (the main character) background.Overall though, I guess it's not too bad a game, but ultimately I suggest to get this while it's on a good  discount."
,Recommended,265300,13762986,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,hehe xp,Hand-holding tutorial aside it's an excellent game. Don't expect much diffculty if you've played a Souls game.
76561198011296633,Recommended,265300,13764404,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,=rTr= Levick,"Game is great, Pros fun as hell, Cons Not so much fun having to restart and kill over and over after it locks up on boss fights and on crafting on the gauntlet."
,Recommended,265300,13768730,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Д Ж И М,"Really enjoyed it. Played it through once. Don't regret anything. Lords of the Fallen is a solid RPG and delivered above my level of expectation. I bought it for £12 on the sale - a bargain for such a great game. It's a shame alot of people are having issues with crashes; my game didn't crash once through the entire playthrough.The combat is excellent. Though I don't quite think that it's true that NPCs are bound to the same rules as you, because there were some silly moments but overall it was a great experience.If you've got a good rig and you're looking for a good time, buy this game and enjoy it."
76561197972681283,Not Recommended,265300,14157826,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lucid,"Wish I could have given this game a decent rating, but I can't... This game is more of a chore than i'd consider it to be fun. I guess I'm an old school player... Realizing a lot of the newer games now are built around using ""xbox"" type controllers and dodging and jumping out of enemies attacks. This game is primarily just that. Precise timing, and if you do not have perfect timing, the game penalizes you. If I wanted to play a ""timing"" based game, i'd play something stupid like ""Dance Dance Revolution"" at the arcade"". Also,, I've never had to go and look up guides,/walkthroughs just to be able to find where the f i'm supposed to go in the game. I'm constantly realizing im getting lost, as there is really no guidance. I work as a network engineer for a profession. On a daily basis I am solving complex routing issues throughout one of the world's largest MPLS networks. I understand that better than the layout of this ingame world.Not fun, just frustrating."
76561198001976900,Not Recommended,265300,13927591,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,NinjaBeerRun,Plain and Simply dont like it. Maybe its not my kind of game. I do think the game needs some kind of map or an objective point to make it less confusing.
,Not Recommended,265300,13929020,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Nasty Nasty Taxi,cant play itblack screen with music is the first bossunbeatable10/10.5would not review again
,Recommended,265300,13930258,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Riverherb,this game is awsome much like darksouls it is a good game to get stuck into
76561197978435543,Not Recommended,265300,13635148,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Dr.Khaos,Only played for like 90 minutes but from what I can tell this seems to be a rather bad Dark Souls clone mixed with WoW kinda graphics. The battlesystem feeld weird and after the third enemy it's gettin repetitive. To make it more hard the game just throws more enemies at you. But to be honest it's worth it's 10 bucks. . .
,Recommended,265300,13637895,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SpellHeart,"Sure this is not Dark Souls, but I don't like Dark Souls and like Lords of the Fallen! Why? Better PC version with really nice graphics, more balanced mechanics. Weapon are really different and even more: every piece of armor can change your fight animation, so you must try lots of combos to suit your favorite playstyle. Bosses look great, are more enternaining than DS ones and remind me old-school bosses from 8- and 16-bit games. Feature with risky experience stacking is amazing idea and lets go hardcore not when game wants it but when YOU want it. Yep, some technical problems are still here after of bunch of patches, but overall game is very nice made."
,Recommended,265300,14478155,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Wolffe,Yeah it's pretty good.Don't buy the DLC (it's useless)
76561198049103580,Recommended,265300,14484414,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Leosatan,Like darksouls but snow and not as good. Nice try tho. Boss are fun and take some thinking. The level up system is broken allowing you to just tear through most enemies except for some big armored dudes that remain a threat forever. buy if your coming off darksouls and need something easier if only slightly. Probably a 7.1/10
,Not Recommended,265300,14487531,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Doki Doki Gonzales,"It tries so hard to be Dark Souls but fails in several ways. While it puts some clever twists on some mechanics (particularly retrieving your lost exp) it doesn't live up to the name of Souls-like games. Movement is clunky and unresponsive, enemies can and will repeatedly stunlock you to death, shields aren't as useful as they pretend to be, and while the environments are gorgeous, it's far too easy to become completely lost and wander around to search for the next objective.The story is mostly garbage and the characters range from bland and forgettable to outright unlikeable. Not a game worth playing, nevermind buying. Maybe pick it up if you're starved for a Souls-like, are in a masochistic mood, and it's on sale for under $10. Don't pay more than $20 for this."
,Not Recommended,265300,14493063,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,FOX,this game is to easy and the overall level and enemy designs are super generic
76561197974993679,Not Recommended,265300,13667608,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DreamKiller,this is a pretty cool game. Its fun when its working but crashes all the time at random intervals. Devs need to get this sorted out as it sucks the fun out of the game having to do things several times over because of game crashes. When this game gets fixed Ill change my review to recommended.
,Not Recommended,265300,21895618,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,OnyxBlackSmith,"Garbage, the game is so unballanced if you do so much as touch it it'll tip over."
,Recommended,265300,21865616,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,BestPlebEu,"i really have enjoyed this game, found it while it was on sale for 10 euro and it was really really worth it! it's a very underrated game if anything."
76561197960960793,Recommended,265300,21863159,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Rabidboxer,I bought this to help me deal with the wait for Dark souls 3.  I suspect many other shave done and might do the same. So does LotF live up to that comparison? Unfortunately no BUT that does not make it a bad game. This is a solid action RPG and one where the metacritic score is right on the mark with a 70 out of 100.  Good but not amazing.If you enjoy the genre pick this up.
,Recommended,265300,21853582,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Kurai Sora no Chiri,"Great game, I was disappointed at first because I cant run it. But after I upgraded my ram and look it consumes up to 5gb+ on my ram and my ram before was 2gb. By the way the game is great, graphics are cool and the mechanics is awesome. Would definetely gonna love a sequel :3."
,Recommended,265300,14381751,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Chineesus Clist,"I guess you could compare this to dark souls, its nothing like dark souls. Its a bit hard."
,Recommended,265300,14357119,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Brobocop,This game is FIRE
,Recommended,265300,14359205,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,goddamn minilamb,"Awesome for what it is trying to be, badass action rpg with big cool armor and weps."
76561198117683980,Recommended,265300,18886288,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,proskatersf90,"all you dark soul fan boys just lol, anyway this game is pretty good 8/10 especially for a new game every game now is a 2 3  blah blah, yea its a mimic but literally sh*ts on any games graghics ( at the time it came out)  i am still yet to play dark souls for over an hour but when i did it was after playing this and the graghics where literally eating at my brain. After hearing so much about darksouls, damn those graghics. yea the armour is useless and few weapons have any meaning at all if not just for fun and looks but over all great game difficult (i havnt played either dark souls over 2 hours) so this was difficult, especially sometimes because there are times I didnt wanna lose any health ect. so I would restart and/or go back and train/practice for experience, the fa&$ots thats thumbs down this are prissy fa%$ots who think they  are game gods or never played elder scrolls which i have probly 500 hours in my life so yeah im used to bull♥♥♥♥♥♥,yeah it may have a few glithes with cameras and what not but♥♥♥♥♥♥i never played a perfect game"
76561197987850921,Recommended,265300,18889483,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,nisseperlemo,"Just wanted to say:Is it Demon soul?- NoIs that a good thing?- For me YesI'm more of a linear guy, this is perfect for me.Look at it  more like Diablo with a more complex combat.The only thing that annoys me is the lack of a minimap."
76561198078807287,Recommended,265300,18818039,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Borin Eisenfaust,"I just bought it and its great! Not as hard as Dark Souls but not too easy aswell. Graphics are great, Sound and Soundtrack are great too, fighting is is challenging, fast to learn but hard to master and even the (at least- German) voice acting is good! I just can say, get it as long as it is on Sale!I also like most of  the weapon and armor desings, they dont look so super unrealistic or stupid like in most games these days. In MY opinion is this one better than the Dark Souls games."
,Recommended,265300,18851759,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Thulzadoom,"Lords of the Fallen is a good game. I purchased for Holloween sale and so far I am diggingit. That being said it does take a bit of practice. I recommend if you have never played the Dark Souls series use the opening tutorial for controls. When in class select the heavier the armor like warrior you can kill mobs easier at the cost of mobility. Same as alternate classes that is called tatics people. Don't expect to slice and dice without at least knowing the item (armor / weapon) limitations. It is not a hard game if you take your time! Breaking crates , barrels, etc. you will find useful small items and of course Go explore.Lords of the Fallen has many secrets and to jump in the game without a little reasearch on builds, bosses and items you will easily get frustred on what is the purpose of the loot and how TF do you kill a Boss. Lords of the Fallen has a story route so you will be able to reach objectives but again items and upgrades / leveling is the only way to move forward without dying by being unprepared. The game allows you to respec too.  Lords of the Fallen doesn't let you customize skins, or maps like the others nor alter config easily. I like killing S@#t and have a good rig with good player skills. All in all If you like games like Dark Souls I-II, Diablo, Ascend Hand of Kul, Skyrim, Fallout 3, etc. Lords of the Fallen is worth adding to your library."
,Recommended,265300,18897976,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Astral Panda,"Well ummm... That was short. It does have some replay value if you want a challange but in NG+ the enemies just have more health and thats pretty much it. Fun Casual dark soulish game that feels like Dark Souls and Darksiders 2 had a baby but was shorter than all the other kids at his class and didnt really know how to speak his mind or tell a story.But yeah I had fun, and felt like a total badass nearight the end of a game. As I said its nowhere near as logn as any of the games in Souls series (the one game series this gets its inspiration from) but its still fun and challenging at times the hit detection is better than in any Souls.I rate it  8 / Good Casual Souls"
,Recommended,265300,18835478,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Snumsmumrik,"For a long time I struggled with myself: should I buy this game, or not. Things got even worse, when lots of negative reviews appeared here, on steam. But I bought it this weeken, got in and ... ooh, it's monday already. This game is awesome.For those who liked the mechanics and ideas beyond Dark Souls, but was stopped by its difficulty — Lords of the Fallen could be that one you'll like. But no worries, it's hard enough. And it's so beautiful..."
,Recommended,265300,29299231,Posted: 16 January,all,Vauk,"I actually liked this game. As a fan of Dark Souls it helped fill the gap. It's not the same as Dark Souls, the combat is a bit clunkier, it's not nearly as well polished, and it's not on the same level of character customization. That being said it can still be just as unforgiving.The mechanics are there but honestly at the end of the game you become pretty overpowered. I managed to kill the last boss with a string of R1 combos before he could go into phase 2.If you like the DS series and don't mind a bit clunkier combat, pick this up on sale. It's worth it."
,Recommended,265300,29305138,Posted: 16 January,all,Willy Wonka's 12 Inch Nerd Rope,"This is not necessarily the best game in the genre, but it is sorta mindless fun that I've really enjoyed playing. I'd recommend it if you want a Dark Souls-like game without as much of the difficulty."
,Not Recommended,265300,28844687,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Rasceal,The positives:All in all the game itself isn't that bad.  It has all the makings of what could have been a decent game.  It's not great but it's not bad either.  Has plenty of entertaining elements and even reason to have replay value.The reason I do not recommend it:The game is just too unstable to enjoy.  First it didn't want to start without crashing.  Used the forums and fixed that.  Then it kept locking up not just the game but my entire computer randomly.  Through effort and tweaks I reduced that occurrence to rare.  I reduced my settings even though my pc drastically exceeds the requirements.  Even after that it still would crash.  It took some time but it would crash eventually.  Like a ticking time bomb I started finding myself always hunting for save points.  Not because I was afraid of dying but because I was trying to beat the next game crash.  This took all enjoyment out of the game.   By the time I was at the last boss I was just happy that my journey was going to end.  I have the DLC but honestly just don't care enough to even take a look at it.
,Not Recommended,265300,13653899,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,mishugi,trash
,Recommended,265300,28235252,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,SkipperSW,"I have never been a big fan of dungeon crawling games that are harder than titanium, but Dark Souls made it change and I was interested. After seeing this game I decided to give it a shot since I did not want to have to play through Dark souls 1, then buy both Dark Souls 2 and 3. If you are considering to follow the Dark Souls series but still want something to ""Prepare"" you, this game is perfect.Dark Souls 1/2/3:- All enemies revive when using Checkpoint or Dying- Barely any Checkpoints throughout the maps- Maps are massive and take long time to find the right path through them- Barely any equipable loot inside chests/containers- Several different classes to choose betweenLords Of The Fallen:- All enemies revive when Dying- A good 15 minutes between checkpoints in every map- Maps are fairly big but still quick to go through early in the game- Plenty of Equipable loot with very nice styles for each class (Currently playing as Warrior and after just 2-3 hours I look like a walking apocalypse, and I've barely gotten anywhere)- *3 classes to choose between with different sets of gear to choose between (I'll explain this after the review)All in all, Lords Of The Fallen shouldn't be seen as ""The game you play before playing Dark Souls"" but should be seen as Lords Of The Fallen. It's a wonderful game with its fair share of♥♥♥♥♥kickery. Responsive controls, smooth movement, beautiful graphics. This game is worth every penny and I think anyone who has ever considered playing Dark Souls, but not dared to, to try this game.I Recommend This Game!*When starting a new game you will be able to create your character through TWO choices:1: Your Magic Type (The kind of Abilities you want your character to have)2: Your Starting Equipment (The type of weapons you'll be wanting to give your character)So when picking Magic Type, you can choose between 3 different options:1: Brawling Magic = Gives you an edge in combat by dishing out more damage2: Deception Magic = Gives you an edge by helping you attack from unseen and doing critical damage3: Solace Magic = Gives you and edge by allowing you to heal and defend yourself better than othersAnd now we come to the second option: Starting Equipment. But there's a bit of an unsuspected feature with these two options! I thought that you HAD to pick Warrior Weapons if you wanted to play as a Warrior. I was wrong! See, when you pick your Magic Type, your character will become 1 of 3 different types! Allow me to explain:Brawling Magic + Warrior Starting Equipment = WarriorBrawling Magic + Rogue Starting Equipment = OutlawBrawling Magic + Cleric Starting Equipment = BrawlerDeception Magic + Warrior Starting Equipment = RaiderDeception Magic + Rogue Starting Equipment = RogueDeception Magic + Cleric Starting Equipment = ExecutionerSolace Magic + Warrior Starting Equipment = PaladinSolace Magic + Rogue Starting Equipment = RangerSolace Magic + Cleric Starting Equipment = ClericNow, depending on whatever decision you make, you'll want to put most of your ability points into the attributes which your character needs! You don't HAVE TO, but if you want to optimize that which your character is best at, then it's the best you should do.Good luck in Lords Of The Fallen!"
76561198052480866,Recommended,265300,28223068,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,lunaticasylum,"This game seemed ordinary first, and I did not expect much aside from hack-and-slash action. A couple of hours in the game, and I was completely immersed: the combat possibilities are rather engaging, and the challenge is bordering with hard; yet, it is easy enough to kill all bosses like the one at the graveyard without looking for hints. I took a path of sword-and-shield magic fighter, and it seems to be blasting everything on its way!I bought it with a discount, but if I knew that the game is so great, then I would have bought it at its full price earlier!"
76561198004276172,Not Recommended,265300,28224799,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Lord Zymeth,"Have you ever wanted to play Dark Souls programmed by idiots? Well here you go, all your hopes and dreams. God is dead."
,Recommended,265300,30141500,Posted: 24 February,all,"GR|M "" 死神 "" Reap3R","I haven't play Dark Souls myself, I'm not sure how similar both games are.But this game is better than I expected, it does look similar to Dark Souls.So how should I put it, will I Recommend this game ? Yes why not. Its fun and challenging.Least it's hard in a way yet you can beat it but not like those kind of "" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t "" hard which your enemies overpower you greatly.....game runs rather smoothly, the graphics are alot better than what I saw in Dark Souls, the Armor and Weapon design is just amazing....most beautiful Armor and Weap I ever seen in a game ( Not including Mods of course for other games )  gameplay wise...at first it takes times to get use to it, I think you aren't agile as Dark Souls but the Combat is alot faster from what I can tell.Maybe paying a Full Price isn't worth it for you but least add it to you Wishlist, because this game is worth checking out."
76561198114221912,Not Recommended,265300,29571701,Posted: 29 January,all,Dean,"First i found it entertaining, but after 90% of the gameprogress the unbalanced enemies with the bugs made it impossible to continue."
,Recommended,265300,33729798,Posted: 22 July,all,Syndwar,Good game. 20 hours for single run as a warrior class.
76561197995869673,Recommended,265300,33768891,Posted: 24 July,all,CaptAhab,I really enjoyed this game and the challenges it represented at a very cheap price also inexpensive DLC has followed increasing the longevity of this game a bit.
,Recommended,265300,33769747,Posted: 24 July,all,Shepherd,Easy game actuallyI heard they will release lord of the fallen 2I hope they make it hard like ds
76561197982452389,Recommended,265300,33822585,Posted: 26 July,all,Lomkey,"Really Great Game. It's worth it to pick up and start playing.  The Voice acting is good. The art really nice, and awesome boss Battles."
76561198127072170,Recommended,265300,33823408,Posted: 26 July,all,redturkeybaster,"Of the little bit I have played, this game seems great.  I got it on the discount for 5ish dollars with all DLC.  For that price, well recommended.  For the full price... that remains to be seen.  Very difficult, though not quite as difficult as it's cousin dark souls.  Runs smooth with no hiccups or bugs and has fairly quality looks and graphics.  Gameplay is consistent too.  7/10 for it's niche (compared to similar games), 8/10 overall."
,Recommended,265300,33842225,Posted: 27 July,all,Fishayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy,"I think this game is like a 5/10; it is very obviously a Dark Souls clone, but is a little bit different (and not in a good way). I find it to be much more frustrating than Dark Souls, and not because of difficulty. In general everything is slower, bosses are easier, combat is more tedious, and there's less weapon variety. Extremely mediocre."
,Recommended,265300,33857784,Posted: 28 July,all,Kodiak-Rush,"A great action RPG with some deep and interesting lore, responsive and diverse combat.An awesome adventure from start to finish."
76561198039093012,Not Recommended,265300,33795504,Posted: 25 July,all,Helt1,"Bought on sale. Looks nice, bit combat is sluggish. Not possible to increase attack speed. Evasion is not much better and your character wants to get hit. Want to like it but cant."
76561198022304741,Not Recommended,265300,33792178,Posted: 25 July,all,Lemmiwinks,"Combat in this game is terrible. It's a slow-motion, glitch-ridden game of guessing how to time your slow parry so that your faster opponent's future attack meets it. It feels like dumbed down, DS in slow motion and with horrendous controls such that your character is never doing what you want him to. Also, you are the slowest tank in the world, deal with it."
76561198064388679,Recommended,265300,33790147,Posted: 25 July,all,ZenZone1,"TL;DRIt was worth it - for me, and i hope it would be too for you if you give it more time.Main reviewNormally the first thing i do is check the GPU and CPU requirements; if no AMD is listed i would immediately skip it and move on. This one made me pause to take a closer look because it was discounted heavily. After perusing the forum discussions, it was apparent that it had problems with both Nvidia and AMD GPUs, yet some AMD users reported it runs fine so i took a calculated low-risk purchase of it.Lots of talk about it being clunky and slow. Well it was perceived that way for the most part when i started, being used to immediate response and animations which can be interrupted at will. Well not this one, once clicked you had to follow through so timing of strikes and blocks are crucial and has to be done with a keen eye of the opponent and the other on your energy reserve. Well not one eye here and one eye there really but you need good peripheral vision.The combat system while being frequently describe as slow is due to 2 things; weight of gear and weapons, AND realistically it takes time to move from one stance to another; there's no luxury of frame skip or time skip where you can switch motion and animation instantly. Remember you expend energy on every motion and quickly mashing buttons will exhaust your hero to the point thathe is too tired to swing so he just stands there waiting for another, hopefully smarter key input. There's no luxury of time dilation either where everything slows but you. So yeah i think combat is as realistic as it gets.Update 2 July 26 2028hrsMy bad depleting energy reserves does not disable ability to strike, only to dodge or run. The reason for not being able to move is due to enemy's strong attack; it may stun or stagger thereby causing momentary immobility.End of Update ...As can be inferred in previous paragraphs, you can probably see that LOTF can be both hard and easy depending on how you play it. Grinding in order to level-up and farming for loot may be required in order to progress. Key points; save energy and mana or as is called in the game 'magic energy'. Patience, don't look for easy kill on the bosses unless you've grinded too much in your backtracking.Why is this game easy? Ordinary enemies wait for you, they don't hunt you down even when you're well within visual range unless you shoot/strike first. Plus there is an easy stealth mode where you can sneak-up behind an enemy and perform special kills; heavy boots or armor clunky clangs are not taken into account. There is also a rush and bash technique to knock your opponent down or shoot from afar with a range weapon to wear down your enemies or lure it closer for a finishing blow. Bosses need to be handled with good tactics; plus being at the right level helps a lot. Bosses can be really hard until you figure out what works.So yeah, it's hard, it's easy and there's a lot of farming for loot in the process. There's crafting later in the game that allows you to improve your gear but i haven't reached that stage yet; you need to find an NPC to unlock that feature.SummaryRuns smooth but changing screen resolution for the first time may cause it to cycle modes endlessly while flickering at a fraction of a second. No glitch or crash encountered during play. Only one time it freezes for a few seconds during combat then resumed normally.Graphics - 9Sound effects - 9Music - 8Story - Dunno i wasn't attentiveVoice acting - 8Cut scenes - 98.5/10 in my book. Never tried Mortal Kombat yet but this looks and feel like a real mortal combat should. This not a typical Action-RPG, its combat near simulation level.Update 1Stability - 7 It crashes when cleric tries to switch to fast rogue weapons like daggers. Correction: This crash appears 2b random & unrepeatable.Score dropped to 8/10Update 2 July 26 2017, 2033hrsStability 6 - Random crashes. Game throws me out to desktop for the 2nd time when i was winning a boss fight. What gives? Demon not happy?Score dropped to 7/10Update 3 - July 27, 2017, 0135hrsStability 5 - For the 3rd time i got dumped to desktop while i was winning the boss fight. The Worshipper had only 1½ segment of life left while i had full. WTF! It's demon envy alright.Score reduced to 6/10. I have a feeling this game is about to get a thumbs down from me."
,Recommended,265300,34004907,Posted: 3 August,all,Kayomart Radamart,Grat RPG game of the best hack n' slash kind that is!
,Recommended,265300,34050330,Posted: 5 August,all,real,"Dark Souls esque game. I love Dark Souls, I love this. Still progressing and enjoying everything the game has to offer. Give it a play, you will (maybe) not regret it."
76561197976865613,Not Recommended,265300,34047538,Posted: 5 August,all,waYYne,Utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Waste of time and money
,Not Recommended,265300,20382488,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,*711,"While originally the constant crashes, awful performance and odd gameplay put me off of title 900hs, 7 characters and maybe 30 NG cycles in Dark Souls III later I decided to give it a 2nd shot. Said experience is particularly relevant here because I can't detach the two titles since that series (my favorite one ever) is the very reason why I have this game to begin with while at the same time being the very reason this game exists at all.Starting from the place I left the last time… the performance is still subpar (Vsync in particular TANKS my FPS… turning it off gave me +50fps on average Oo) but since the last time I’ve changed my processor and that seems to have sorted out the hard crashes for whatever reason. The gameplay is still odd, it still feels like I’m swimming in tar all the time and inertia seems to have it’s own set of rules in here but I’m happy to say that 10hs in I’m adapted… sort off. There are still some enemy types that make the game a bore to play (namely shielded ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s) and often times I feel like I’m fighting against the game rather than the enemy (camera angles + GIGANTIC shoulder pads + tight TIGHT corridors + instant spawning enemies RIGHT BY YOUR SIDE =  well… not that fun) which is not ideal to say the least.Coming from DS I’m always looking for epic bosses but they’re nowhere to be found here. While some of them offer some gimmicky mechanic that’s cool to figure out they have no intricacies, ZERO context and no lore whatsoever for 99% of the time. Not to mention they are EASY and this is coming from a person that STILL dies at least twice to the Dancer of the Boreal Valley in every run, in here I died a single time to the champion boss and that was it.Rolling in here is nigh useless. Going light / rogue and practicing A LOT meant that I was able to use it but initial I-frames take quite a while to kick in and stamina cost, distance and speed make it just a subpar choice when compared to going heavy poise + a shield or even better, just get a big weapon and swing away while taking the hits. Fighting methodically was BY FAR less effective than running in spamming R1 so far.When all’s said and done the game still brought me back and still kept me here for this long (I’ll even probably finish it) but be it the LONG adaptation period (that’s mainly increasing your tolerance till you can forgive the game for what it isn’t), the crappy lore or the gameplay itself there hasn’t been a single moment through the entire thing that I thought “this is actually better than playing DSIII again” which ultimately is why I still do not recommend this title even if there’s SOME fun to be had if you like me need something new and are feeling very forgiving."
76561198096045359,Recommended,265300,33387317,Posted: 8 July,all,kev94,"I came into this game really wanting to like it.  Unfortunately, it wasn't looking too good.  It was rather difficult to get used to slow manner in which you fight.  I made it about six hours in and still wasn't really enjoying myself very much.  I ended up taking a long break from it and gave it another shot. Thankfully, I found it more enjoyable.  Maybe it's because I came into it already knowing what to expect after that break. Who knows.  LOTF can be very rewarding. You just have to be VERY patient with it. A cautious playstyle is probably your best bet.  This game isn't for everyone.  In my opinion this game is worth playing though I would probably wait for a sale just in case the playstyle doesn't suit you."
76561198022658933,Recommended,265300,33998480,Posted: 3 August,all,Gamingman,Buggy but kinnda ok game worth 5$ or less ez
76561197996001392,Recommended,265300,34384170,Posted: 20 August,all,vilkarn,"This game reminds me of the God of War series.  It is more challenging in a lot of ways, but the graphics and gameplay are similar.  I found it to be fun and worth the price.  From what I gathered reading other's comments don't get this expecting a Dark Souls clone.  I have not played the Dark Souls games so I can't compare."
,Recommended,265300,33949308,Posted: 1 August,all,Greytega,"This walks a very thin line, it is not AAA, it is not Darksouls, but this is a very good game.Just enough RPG, Action and Story blended together.Gameplay is nice, Harkyn hits hard. Attacks have real weight. Boss fights are the challenge they should be.and once again, Precision beats power, and Timing beats speed.10/10"
76561198022115469,Recommended,265300,34229961,Posted: 13 August,all,a11051605,"Great game, good story and dark atmospher. Kinda dark soulsish. Boss fights hold your attention."
76561198065851394,Recommended,265300,34208864,Posted: 13 August,all,diegosauro,"A great Dark Soul clone, with some twist on the mechanics. Magic is used for support, and you are forced to choose a magic school; this greatly increase replayability compared to DS.The base game is easier and more linear, but it offers challenges (i.e. special ways to kill the bosses) that greatly increase difficulty. On top of that the rogue class is much quicker but also more difficult to manage. It's a great formula.Graphics is much better than DS2. The atmosphere is grim but not so depressing as in DS2. The story is simple but it actually makes sense (unlike DS).Unfortunately the game is very unstable on my rig. Basically it crashes often on some bosses and I could not complete the game. It's really a shame."
76561198132029916,Recommended,265300,35140428,Posted: 22 September,all,Country,you guys should get this game its awesome well worth the money
,Not Recommended,265300,21223439,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Steve Joe,"Once described as""It was as if the developers [of Lords of the Fallen] had seen a Let's Play of Dark Souls, and copied everything they could see, but completely missed the feel of combat since you would only know that well balanced feeling if you had actually played Dark Souls.""worth five bucks of your money and maybe ten hours of your time"
76561198105052136,Recommended,265300,35154374,Posted: 23 September,all,Polengoldur86,"if you've never played a Souls game before, this might be a good place to get started. it seems Lite enough that a more casual player can handle it. if you're a hardcore Souls fan, you're not going to enjoy it all that much.if you can get it on sale for 6 friggin bucks, go for it.the GotY edition was on sale for $6. the game + all the DLC + the soundtrack for 6 bucks? even if it sucks♥♥♥♥♥why not right?the optimization is clunky, even on minimum settings it still had a few freezes and some frame dropping. but hey, poor opt is what makes it souls-like right? /sthe gameplay is... souls-lite. its got all the same ideas, but it performs them poorly. the animations aren't unique enough that you can differentiate this swing from that swing, until its already inside your hit box. hit stun is handled poorly, and its difficult to tell if you're safe to take another swing or not. something about the camera's position makes it look awkward to play; if not the camera it might be that your character is this giant hulking body builder instead of the smaller lither one in DS. if you're a roller instead of a blocker, you're going to have a bad time. the camera has trouble following rapid movements.if you go with default settings, theres something wrong with the audio mix. sound effects seem muted or far away. theres 1 cutscene early on that jumped out at me because this big flaming knight man jumped down and screamed, but it was barely audible and really took away from the ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; feeling they were going for.granted i haven't gotten far as of writing, but so far it seems very linear. im not getting the Spiral level design from souls, im not getting the shortcut porn i crave. there are some looping side rooms, but they end right were they began and tend to just have random enemies and semi-pointless drops. all in all a waste of time,"
76561198225137388,Recommended,265300,35251984,Posted: 27 September,all,Aimé,One of the very good Souls-like game. Not as fast-paced as DS3 but if you enjoy calculating each of your hit and not R1 and roll spamming then you'll like this game. Honestly it's much much MUCH better than what I initially expected it to be. Highly recommended.
76561198015074775,Recommended,265300,35260655,Posted: 28 September,all,General_Poonslayer_69,Story is lame and a bit unclear what the point is (at least at the beginning)... But over all it's a good game.Not sure where all the hate is coming from. The developers clearly liked the mechanics of dark souls and did their own thing with them.I definitely think it's worth checking out.
76561197990859517,Recommended,265300,35213637,Posted: 25 September,all,Demon Nuke,Bugs... Bugs and more BUGS. Sadly there are game breaking bugs.For example. If you die in a boss fight after you killed the boss... (you die from poision or some dot effect..) you are DOOMED !!Because you will have to fight the boss again.. BUT plot twits !!... the boss is DEAD... and you will not be able to progress. This happened to me at the infiltrator boss. I had to start over.. BUT this could happen again.. and again.. and.. you get the point. This bug is well known.. since 2014. It hasn't been patched yet... so yeah.. shame.However...  I gave it another try.. and all worked well. I  actually enjoyed it.
76561198074579083,Recommended,265300,35399859,Posted: 1 October,all,Ritwik,Pretty decent game. 39 hours of fun from less than what a pack of smokes cost when I bought it on sale. Definitely worth it.
,Recommended,265300,35500764,Posted: 5 October,all,salxicha,"Cool game. Received many critics because it really tried to be Darksouls but forgot to build its own personality.I believe it had way more potential than what was explored. Too many loot without any real use but could have received unique armor combination set. Really a shame.The controls are way better than Darksouls, the difficult is good, the game gives you a clear objective so you dont keep wandering around lost unless you`re exploring the game secrets.Recommend if you`re looking for a challenge!"
