user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,265470,32909827,Posted: 27 June,all,Kater,"I want to write a critique of this piece, because I think it's interesting to reflect on what this game did right, what it could have done better, and where it tried to innovate.I found the game to be very ambitious. It is a puzzle platformer in a competitive landscape; trying to deal with issues of queer identity, philosophy, and class disparity; while also having a quasi-open world to give a sense of scale to the whole journey. Throughout the game I kept feeling a sense of: ""this is a neat idea that I wish was better executed upon"". The open world is a great example of this. The narrative is framed in a way to make the player want to care about these vast continents. However, the actual utility of these open spaces is simply to go from point a to b. There are occasionally npcs on the map, but they do not fill enough in to make the overworld map seem meaningful.What kept me going throughout was the puzzle segments. The light-dark system was an interesting hook, and the puzzles were overall fun to solve.However, it feels like most of the other components of the game fall apart. The core platforming mechanics feel very rough and unpolished, the size of objects in levels feels too large, the art, for the most part, feels as if it could have used another pass. I think most of the still frames look displeasing and awkward. The writing shifts in between being overly simple and lecturing the player on vague philosophical notions.The entire impact of the story is supposed to be about the inability of humanity to prevent it's own demise through selfishness of harnessing resources. It is essentially a ""tragedy of the commons"". However, this is delivered in a very matter of fact attitude with very little depth to the writing. Most of the writing of the characters felt like they were supposed to be lecturing the player. The characters acted as if they were being very disruptive and displaying grand philosophic vision. The greatest embodiment of this problem was the character Humus who acts as a type of Socrates god character that has no opinions, only questioning notions that are made to seem more profound than they are.I appreciate however that such a small team made such a large game. I am glad that they attempted at things that I think can definitely be improved upon in future iterations. While disappointed, I was very glad to see tough concepts being wrestled with in the narrative.  I hope the creators are encouraged to build upon this in their next work. Due to the subject matter the team is tackling as well, it makes them more susceptible to criticism, because they are not just trying to make a fun game. They are trying to put a meaningful message forward."
,Not Recommended,265470,27366985,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FZeroRacer,"To be honest, I was really mulling about whether or not I wanted to recommend this or not. It's not a game I hate, but it's not one I love in comparison to Anodyne. But the more I ruminate on it the more the game feels like it's missing a certain spark to it.Even the Ocean is a game that has a lot of good ideas but ends up coming short in quite a lot of ways. The story ends up feeling hollow due to how much ground it attempts to cover without much depth. The gameplay feels tight and responsive; but rather than feeling like you're constantly growing as a player it feels like an eternal tutorial that never ends until the game itself ends. It follows the 'rule of three' almost obsessively, making the game feel predictable as you bounce from one objective to another without adding much to the main plot outside of the snippets you get once you complete a series.That said, graphically and musically the game is excellent. There's a strong surrealistic vibe to the whole game that really creates a unique atmosphere and overall I did have fun. Just not enough to really offset some of points that soured the experience."
76561198086945054,Not Recommended,265470,32835525,Posted: 26 June,all,krushjudgement,"I loved Anodyne! I am huge fan of these two creators and can't wait to see what else they have in store. Unfortunately, after 2 hours with Even the Ocean, I've become bored. I feel no compelling hook into the world. I want it to be there. I want gameplay elements that keep me coming back. This is an expereimental game -- and for me, it's just not working.Maybe I'll give it another go here and see if my mind is changed after a break. (I haven't played it since Christmas.)"
,Not Recommended,265470,35268661,Posted: 28 September,all,Schmerzgeist,"It's hard to give a firm yes or no on recommending this. It's not bad by any stretch, but it's rough around the edges and can be frustrating for a variety of reasons. I try to enjoy a game independent of its 'message', but Even the Ocean really bashes you in the face with it. The writing is really the weakest part.Positive:The art is nice. The 'Mode 7' style overworld feels nostalgic.A nice variety of mechanics in the platforming sections.Neutral:The dark/light balance is a mechanic you may have seen a dozen times before in simple browser games.The majority of 'puzzles' in the platforming sections are not very challenging.Cliched story about the environment and the evils of man that you've heard a thousand times.Negative:Bugs. Had to restart a few times when my character glitched out on respawn.Poor pacing. After each level the main character insists on taking a nap so that we can hear her nightly monologue. Kind of odd when there are giant monsters stomping on a town.Over-tutorialized/easy/savepoint every few feet. Feels like baby's first video game sometimes.NPCs are overly verbose. You'll often be treated to several paragraphs when a single sentence would do. And you you talk to the again you're treated to the same never ending monologue again.Overused trope:Everyone is gay. Seriously. They show up, tell you that they're gay and nothing else. It's just poorly done and calls attention to itself."
,Recommended,265470,28176524,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Hyetal,"Sometimes a little on the nose, Even the Ocean straddles the line between thoughtful and preachy, heartwarming and cheesy. The puzzle-platforming design is often simple, but it's also a refreshing take in a world still dominated by physics puzzles. It has a beautiful score, and crisp, original art that complement each other really well.Superlatives aside, I think this game is genuine in a way not typically seen in the medium (at least not in a more traditional genre like a platformer), and I'd recommend giving it some attention."
76561198271430928,Recommended,265470,34132131,Posted: 9 August,all,Duran,"Decent game.I've played a bit of Gauntlet mode and I found it quite fun.The graphics are what you'd expect with a game like this.The gameplay and controls are very good. The puzzle platformer mechanics are very well implemented.The levels are well designed.The music has an ambient minimalist quality. It suits the game.The music for the stage ""Restview Beach"" is notably very good.Somebody put a lot of thought and effort into this game."
76561198253367096,Recommended,265470,26683412,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,braeydenjae,"An incredibly tender and charming story-based platformer built on a unique health system of managing your light and dark energy. After making it through a slightly sluggish tutorial level and underwhelming first stage, I soon found myself falling in love with Even the Ocean.While the game has some truly engaging platforming (especially towards the latter parts of the game), Even the Ocean really shines with its thoughtful story and fulfilling NPC interactions. Tying in themes of identity, race, gender, environmentalism and political corruption (just to name a few), the game was a welcome experience while processing the results of the recent 2016 presidential election.The art direction and sound design is also a high point, putting Even the Ocean on my short list of favorite gentle and atmospheric platformers, right alongside Knytt Underground.I'd fully recommend this game to anyone who enjoys exploration based platformers that are heavy on atmosphere, or to anyone who is looking to get deep with a thoughtful and inclusive narrative.<3"
76561198009233716,Recommended,265470,34543493,Posted: 27 August,all,EThomas,"At the time of this writing, I'm 3.8 hours into the game and... Well, mild (not huge plot points) spoilers ahead. Tl;dr: enjoyable gameplay and mechanic, meh story. I recommend the puzzles and platforming, as they were quite fun. The story may or may not bore the hell out of and/or frustrate you. The music was fantastic, and the art would fluctuate between really, truly beautiful and really uncomfortable looking (not in a clever this-makes-you-uncomfortable way, but in a the-characters-look-a-little-like-a-broken-doll way).Let's start with the good: I really love the health bar mechanic - the health bar being a task of balancing ""light"" and ""dark"" (green and purple, or verticle and horizontal, or x and y) energies instead of just, well, dying is an interesting mechanic and leads to some very clever platforming puzzles throughout the game (so far). Within the first three power plants (the game's dungeon or level), this can get repetitive, but the second set appears to add more different puzzle types and puzzle features. I think the controls are generally pretty good and I found them to be very responsive, but the default keyboard control selection is extremely strange - 'Enter' for the Menu key, 'X' for jump and 'C' for shield. You get used to it, but it's odd.The overall story that drives the puzzle-dungeons is very basic, but not bad. It's definitely consumable, and is your basic things-keep-breaking-save-the-world story that you see in every Final Fantasy game.The music and sound were both great - I enjoyed it and found that part to be more immersive than the story.The art would fluctuate - the maps and 2d landscapes were generally beautiful (though the maps would sometimes make an attempt at fake 3d that ended up looking awkward, like Paper Mario, as though someone had cut out a picture and put it on a stick so that the image was always in the same spot), and the dungeon/puzzle levels were very intriguing, even though they were sometimes a little too straightforward. There were moments where I really enjoyed the art of the game, but most of the character portraits and cutscene type screens were disproportionate to humans and had very little visual depth for something you should be staring at for a relatively long time. On top of that, they had a static quality that made the people look like cardboard cutouts.I love their attempt at diversity - lots of LGBT+ and POC representation so that someone should, in theory, be able to identify with the characters. This falls apart, however, when the writing gets involved. I emphasize that it's a good attempt because they really tried to find a way to include everyone - there are characters with wheelchairs, characters in various relationship forms, characters with different skin colors and body types, etc., and (for the most part) these characters, when you interact with them are capable human beings within their realm. First, there's a forced storyline where you play therapist to a character who gets widowed in the first few minutes of the game. She was in a lesbian/sapphic (whatever you want to call it) relationship, and they make a huge point to both make her repeat that as frequently as possible and to Mary Sue her at the same time.The widow (Yara) is, in her own words, incapable as a human being (she literally states that the only thing she knows how to do, in life, is make muffins - can't hold down a job, cook, clean, pay bills, I emphasize ""anything""; not from some debilitating illness or from her grief, however, but from a simple inability to do anything, in her own words) and is somehow obsessed with you within the five in-game-day span I've played through. You meet her on the day her wife dies, and within three days, you're somehow her best friend helping her through a traumatic incident, rather than, I don't know, friends who she already has. It feels like they included her as an unfinished (and extremely unpolished) storyline. She has no hobbies, she has no friends, she has no interests - her only characterization is her dead wife, and even that's terrible. The grief she does express, which is rare, is flat and feels like it was written by someone who has never experienced it. If this were a straight couple, it would get panned for being a flat female character, thanks to the Mary Sue-ing they do. It's extremely disappointing that someone I should relate to, as a woman who also has interests in women, makes me repelled at every forced interaction with her.It also feels like they changed the story timeline multiple times - one specific interaction I had involved meeting one character, and then later on in the same game day, my character telling an NPC that they had run into him ""the other day."" The timeline would have made a lot more sense if it were weeks, rather than days, where all this was happening (for so many reasons - somehow, the scientists were able to do a genetic analysis of a random, unidentified, previously undiscovered ""creature"" in less than 24 hours; the friendship with the widow Yara would make more sense, and her grieving process; etc).I wish there was a way to make a 'mixed' review on Steam - I have hugely mixed feelings about this game. So far, the gameplay and puzzles are pretty entertaining and moderately compelling, while the storyline is a mix of pretty good and genuinely awful to sit through. I'd give it a 6/10 overall, 5 being middle-of-the-road. Story should really be the driving force of a game, with good motivations and intentional additions, not the mechanic. If you're playing this game and struggling with the story, I recommend switching to Gauntlet mode and just sticking to the puzzles."
,Recommended,265470,29494324,Posted: 25 January,all,Jasyla,"Charming puzzle platformer. It tells the story of a woman named Aliph who who fixes the power plants that power a city. Some weird environmental stuff starts going on and she has to fix power plants and eventually battle creatures who attack her city.The platforming is really well done. There's an energy balancing element to it. You have an energy bar that goes between green and purple, one type of energy makes you run faster and one makes you jump higher. But if you max out on either type, you die. The levels are really well designed, and often quite challenging.  New mechanics are introduced regularly and mastering them is fun.Story-wise, it's good, but does get a little preachy."
,Recommended,265470,28049700,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Fox,"New Surreal Platformer from the creators of AnodyneFrom the creators of Anodyne, comes another surreal adventure. Taking a few criticisms from the first game, this one has a simpler less vague story. Instead of being a Zelda like, it is now a 2D platformer featuring a really cool mechanic of balancing your light and dark energy.Pros:Fun platformingLight and dark mechanicInteresting characters and dialogueCool graphic novel style cut scenes and backgroundsAmazing accessibility options for all skill levelsNeutralStory is more obviousConA lot of tutorialshttps://youtu.be/mIp9FsrW3PkCheck out part 1 of my Let’s Play, future parts will be uploaded soon. Thanks so much for reading and checking out the video, I really appreciate your attention, feel free to leave a comment in the video to have a discussion"
,Recommended,265470,34193610,Posted: 12 August,all,ulanshad,"Very strong puzzle-platformer. Doesn't quite live up to Anodyne (which I adored), but hits along a similar aesthetic feel and executes very well in its own right.My main critique would be that the two halves of the game (the narrative and the puzzle-platformer elements) are disjointed -- the narrative sequences have their own feel, and the platforming sequences their own, and there is little tying them together. Like, the narrative explains what you're doing, but it feels like there could of been _anything_ in the 'play' sequences and that there's a puzzle-platformer there because there is, if that makes sense. I didn't mind this that much - the platforming is terrific as is the narrative on its own - it just stands out and makes for kind of a see-saw in feel.I also would of liked to see the platforming sequences taken a little further from a challenge perspective - the challenge comes more from determining what to do than from execution. For example, your character can jump higher/farther depending on their exposure to light/dark energy, but too much exposure (from obstacles) will kill you - yet there aren't really sections that really require you to be maxed out in any one direction and challenge the player's resulting vulnerability. Still, the progression is well balanced, and new elements/obstacles are constantly introduced and explored in engaging ways - I'd just of liked to of seen that core mechanic taken farther.The list of play options and the presentation around those is really interesting - it's very narrative driven yet also very upfront in that it this a game telling a story (very literally), with little attempt to 'immerse' the player.Anyway - looking forward to what the devs have planned next!"
76561198034854525,Recommended,265470,28425967,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Gon,"Short review(and excuse my english).Positive:+Nice, relaxing, psychedelic soundtrack+Nice, retro graphics, dreamy locations+Interesting gameplayNegative:-Not a bad story, but not really exciting-Gameplay doesn´t use it´s full potentialConclusion:If you like nice, psychedelic soundtrack, retro graphics and a game with locations you would like to spend holidays, buy it :)."
,Recommended,265470,28131124,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,gaymer against weed,"Loved the atmosphere in this one, would rec for story alone. Gameplay was challenging but not so much to be frustrating. Of note is that the game allows you to skip all story sections or all gameplay sections if you're not interested in either half and has a lot of options to make gameplay easier, although I never touched any of it until the postgame dev commentary areas."
76561198044132860,Recommended,265470,26679465,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,THE WELL-BEHAVED BOY,"An excellent platformer with a thought-provoking story and beautiful artwork. The soundtrack is soothing and the health system is one of the more intriguing gameplay mechanics in recent memory. If you enjoyed the studio's previous title Anodyne, odds are you'll love Even the Ocean. I also have to praise the game for having a woman of color as the protagonist, something which is frustratingly uncommon among modern video games. Overall, it's a great title easily worth the asking price."
,Recommended,265470,26740223,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,The Beckinator,"An excellent puzzle platformer with tight, interesting mechanics, intelligent level design, beautiful artwork, immersive music, and a different, touching story <3If you enjoyed Anodyne, you will enjoy this. If you haven't played Anodyne, get that next. ;)Amazing job, guys. All the struggle was worth it.Also--Steam didn't log any time I've spent playing the game. I assume it's Steam's fault."
,Recommended,265470,26702487,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,MUSCLEBOY,While it would be easy to dismiss Even the Ocean as 'just another indie pixelart platformer' the care and focus put into every part of the game elevates it beyond any cynicism. The platforming sections challenging without being frustrating and the narrative introduces and addresses it's themes with grace (though perhaps a little heavyhanded for some). Extra kudos for the many accessibilty options in the game for anyone who needs or wants them.
,Recommended,265470,26716476,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,thernz,"It's good, and the worst way to describe it is: Owlboy + IkarugaThe best way to describe it would be: ""Mwah"" *chef kiss-The puzzles never really slow down the pacing of the game.-It's like a gentle breeze where the puzzles are intuitive and the mechanics for solving them are smooth while still requiring a fair amount of dexterity. Probably its biggest plus in the face of other puzzle platformers.-The story itself is more interesting than its premise leads on, focusing on breaking down the idealism you usually see in games. The portraits are especially unassailable in this regard.-Setting is like if FF7 was good."
,Recommended,265470,35304386,Posted: 29 September,all,Horse,"The gameplay is super clean and focused, has a gorgeous and unique art style, and the music is great. The story pacing is a little slow for me, but there are a ton of options to speed that along. Also, some folks complain about ""SJW"" stuff, and, uh, I guess if you can't handle a game about a black woman fighting messed up corporations, you probably don't wanna play this one."
76561198245615064,Recommended,265470,28168087,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Unedible,"Even the Ocean is a game that really gripped me from the beginning. The story is exactly what I admire in works of art, offering up a relevent and interesting view of the world that will stay with me.The gameplay is really solid but it starts too easy and only towards the end was it starting to feel like it was reaching it's potential. I would love more, harder levels as it is such a joy to control. The mechanics are so solid I couldn't help but imagine so many more possibilities for it!.So to bring that together, great, meaningfull story with fun, solid gameplay mechanics but a little too easy and I am left craving more!I'd like to say thank you very much to the creators for the beautiful experience and I look forward to their future projects!"
76561198014181218,Recommended,265470,28216855,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Grangach,"I'm a big fan of anodyne, and I've been looking forward to this game for a while. This game has gotten a criminally small amount of coverage by the games media, so I'll try to be as detailed as I can without spoiling anything.Mechanically, this game is incredibly sound. Movement feels good, and the health system is incredibly smart and unique. From memory, there's somewhere around 10 main dungeons and a handful of mini dungeons.  Each introduces and revolves around a specific mechanic, whether it be blocks that move when you stand on them, bounce pads, lasers, etc. Not all of these are home runs, but none of them are duds, and a bunch of them are really cool. I don’t want to spoil anything.This game is pretty easy. I was hoping the difficulty and complexity would ramp up late in the game, but it never really does. Although some mechanics are used in tandem later in the game, a lot of the mechanics end up getting abandoned after a single dungeon. This leads to fairly simple solutions. On the flip side, there's something to be said for not getting stuck on puzzles. The game is very relaxing.Sean put together a really good soundtrack; I can't say I remember any of the tunes particularly well, but it was very atmospheric and fits the game. As far as visuals are concerned, I found the character designs to be a little bland, but the landscapes and creatures are really fantastic.Narratively... The game is flawed. What I loved about anodyne is that I played it, and I didn't understand anything that was going on. You get thrown into this horrifying and schizophrenic world with a very barebones plot. You spend the whole game mulling over what message they are trying to give you, or if they even have a message at all. With Even the Ocean, I know exactly what they're trying to say, but I wish I didn't. The narrative doesn't really have a focus, and instead jumps from subject to subject. Is it about gender? Class divides? Nature versus industry? Feelings of worthlessness? The futility of life? Covering a lot of topics isn’t necessarily bad, but characters have long conversations with each other about random subjects, using dialogue that's just not believable. It breaks the cardinal rule of showing instead of telling, and it over explains things that could easily inferred through tighter dialogue. There’s a fantastic moment where one character is comforting another character, with some really nice artwork, but then an emotionless and highly articulated conversation starts up immediately after. Not all of the dialogue is bad, in fact a lot of it is very good, but when the subject matter is serious it reads more like an essay than a person speaking.On the other hand, there’s a lot of meat on the bone. I just wrote this big chunk of text about the story, so it’s doing something right. This game and games like it are auteur works, you get a very specific experience that you can’t get anywhere else. The core plot and world building is really solid too. Plus, if the find that the story’s not your speed, you can always just play the dungeon only mode.If you have a puzzle platformer itch, I definitely recommend picking this up!"
76561197991742556,Recommended,265470,28170687,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Zari,"A lovely little platformer with intuitive mechanics, responsive controlls, and an interesting story."
,Recommended,265470,32141642,Posted: 2 June,all,Topi,"Even the Ocean is a game that has beautiful graphics and tells a good tale of one person and the effect they have on the world, on a grand and small scale at the same time.  The story itself is straightforward, there's little in the way of super secret things or huge plot twists.  But it's a good story, and probably will be at the back of my mind for a good while.Gameplay is relatively simple.  I could chalk up deaths of mine probably under fifteen total through the game, but for me the difficulty of the game, or lackthereof wasn't a real problem.  I can see how people could want it to be harder, but for me it was fine, and to me it was a pretty relaxing platformer with some fun twists on each area.Soundtrack is nice, but not exactly to my style.Overall I'd highly recommend this game.  If you're looking for a challenge, look elsewhere.  But the visuals, the storytelling, and yes, even the platforming make a nice game that I was more than happy to finally finish."
76561198044911085,Recommended,265470,35233250,Posted: 26 September,all,Wynter,"A beautiful game with excellent music, wonderful puzzles, and an interesting world worth exploring."
,Recommended,265470,28977782,Posted: 3 January,all,Oddesu,"This is a really nice puzzle plattzformer with engaging story. Everything is centered around the one mechanic of balance, yes even the story. The OST feels familiar and strange but also very soothing.By the creators of Anodyne this is another must have."
76561198082493092,Recommended,265470,30440755,Posted: 10 March,all,valor87,"I'm not the biggest puzzle game player, but decided to try this game out anyways. This game was truly interesting. You play as Aliph, a smart girl who helps her town's mayor redirect energy coming off of nearby power plants. The plot gets pretty interesting, and moves to a larger scale over time.Pros:-Simple two-sided energy system that is easy to understand and use-Use of gay characters in the story (they are largely underused in most games and other forms of media)-Graphics are pretty decent and consistent-Concept promotes environmental awareness and is very unique-Gameplay is enjoyableCons:-Puzzles aren't really THAT hard for the puzzle junkie.-Some of the conversations are very cheesy with the other charactersOverall, most parts of the game I truly enjoyed. The afterplay stuff is a little weird, so I'm going to pass on that. If you're looking for a light puzzle game with some plot in it, give this one a try. Puzzle junkies, this won't challenge you enough.7/10"
76561197980186686,Recommended,265470,29103236,Posted: 7 January,all,TrueChicken,"This is a very fine game in terms of story. Its beliavable, its deep. The ambiency is excellent,  its indeed a fine game in terms of music and graphics.But its a poor game in terms of gameplay, I can just rush through the power plants. I dont think I saw the game over screen until now.At some point it feels like the game is mocking my inteligence by making what would be hard puzzles, easy by adding obvious solution paths on purpose...I wonder if that has something to do with the story... I will find out later.Or maybe the game is just somehow meant to be speedrunned, I think the only way for this game to be somewhat challenging would be If i had to plan a speedrun. But I think that the speedrun could be on each power plant (with time limit).Anyway, its worth for the story/character/graphics/music/vibe. Its very hard to find such simplicity and development.It feels real. Similar to undertale."
,Recommended,265470,28698326,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,sadcebu2003,Fun platforming and an interesting story form the core of this game. The characters are unique and diverse. Every area has something new to offer and some of the puzzles are quite tricky. This very solidly held my attention and kept me coming back for the time it took to beat (about 9 hours).
,Recommended,265470,28492674,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,True Axiom,"I played their first game, Anodyne, a number of years ago. It's one of my very favorite games: a weird homage to Link's Awakening, a beautiful game about a person in a surrealistic dimension.Even the Ocean bears little similiarity to that game. Its strongest aspect is its reality. It feels very real. The people, and the places. The world--unbelievable in the way 16 bit videogames often were--nevertheless feels authentic. And the story it puts them through...yeah.It plays like a puzzle platformer, though none of the puzzles are particularly challenging. This is good. It uses what I'd consider an unconventional button layout (A/x to cancel, B/c to confirm on controller/keyboard, respectively) which I think is nice, too. I never got completely used to it, and that might be the point.But yeah. The puzzles aren't hard. Most of them have a lot of solutions. It's kind of reminsicent of old-school Sonic the Hedgehog levels, where there's a bunch of paths and none of them are particularly better than the others. They're just different.Even the Ocean doesn't get super difficult, but it's engaging enough in its challenge, and the story's strong enough to keep you playing regardless. And if it does, there's plenty of accessibility options, including one to remove all the puzzles (or all the plot, if you're heartless). It feels like the devs care about you, which is a nice feeling.I quite loved it, in short. If you like the odd atmospheric puzzle platformer, give it a shot. You'll probably have fun."
76561197983353237,Recommended,265470,26665492,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,batmobilly,"Amazing...beautiful puzzle platformer with a great story, gorgeous art and a lovely soundtrack. I have been waiting for this game for some time now and it hasn't disapointed!.."
76561198117688383,Not Recommended,265470,26644800,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,jzitur,It's a fun little platformer but i don't agree with the RPG or ADVENTURE tag. The only rpg element i saw so far is the overhead map for walking around between levels. But still a fun little game with an interesting story. I would call it more of a visual novel with platformer elements.edit- i never came back to play it again and decided i shouldnt recommend it since i didn't really enjoy it.
76561197968170953,Recommended,265470,28480100,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,sainn,"The three words I keep coming back to: Human, smart, and charming.I think the central aspect of this game for me was the characters. The designers proved themselves super talented at designing genuine characters that I could identify with, and built dialogue that was for the most organic and strong. I say for the most part because, as I mention later, some of the dialogue seemed a little stilted in service of the major humanist theme of the game.The mechanics were super tight and polished, and something I looked forward to in each new area. Even though I'm a seasoned gamer, the puzzles were tuned well enough to seem like they were very accesible to less-experienced gamers, but still satisfying enough to want to find a fast way through each room. It may be the strongest component of the game.The art and sound design never gets enough credit in games -- the soundtrack was expansive and immersive, but never too strong as it overpowered the rest of the experience. The art of each area, static and dynamic, big and small, was gorgeous and obviously very carefully thought through.  A couple of scenes stood out ot me as being kind of sparse; I can imagine that this is a consequence of prolonged development though.Something about this game that I struggled with was the narrative and pacing throughout the game. I had to spread the game across multiple playthroughs because each big story beat required a good amount of patience, and everything seemed heavily weighted on the back half of the game (I had kind of felt that I should've been able to play through everything in two sitdowns of a few hours each, but ended up with a couple extra shorter sessions). Maybe it was the hype-focus on the rule-of-threes for each objective, but it's hard to unpack with spoilers.That being said, the designers showed themselves to be super aware of power dynamics in contemporary society (and more specifically American/Western society), and spread throughout the games little, sometimes subtle, off-hand comments and references about real problems people face today. I was worried that the ending would be rather hamfisted because of some of these comments, but I was left feeling really satisifed.There's a lot of care in this game, so if you want to share in a delightfully human experience, please play this game. This is a very good game for that."
,Recommended,265470,29908557,Posted: 13 February,all,TessHex,"An absolutely gorgeous game, well worth the price of admission. Clearly, a lot of love and care has gone into making this game, and a lot has been done with the base concept-- platforming, with the added edge of energy-aligments, in place of a traditional health meter.In theory, the more green/blue/Light energy you have, the higher you can jump, but you can't run as fast, and the more purple/Dark energy you have, the faster you can run, but with the caveat that you can't jump as high. In my experience, it didn't really feel like that was the case until the later acts of the game, and playing every level back-to-back in ""Gauntlet Mode"" only served to reinforce that sensation...though, within the game's story, I guess it makes sense.Definitely to the developers' credit that the game accommodates a whole load of different play-styles, offering three main game-modes to play in from the outset: the ""full"" experience; ""Gauntlet Mode"", which is all of the gameplay with none of the story; and ""Story Mode"", which is the reverse, and plays more like a 2D-platforming visual novel.Overall: a clever game, with clever level-design that makes good use of the base mechanic; an enchanting, haunting soundtrack coupled with a beautiful art-style; and a fascinating narrative to keep you invested, should you choose to follow it...and that's saying nothing of the extra bits and pieces, like the post-game, or the optional areas around Whiteforge City.An excellent follow-up to Anodyne."
,Recommended,265470,28212353,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,PurpleMoustache,"Even the Ocean is the latest game from Analgesic Productions, who previously made Anodyne, which was way better than any student game had any right to be (though it got impossibly hard near the end). If Anodyne was their take on a Legend of Zelda like game, Even the Ocean is Analgesic's take on a platformer, and their refreshing design sensibilities shine throughout.The core of the game revolved around an energy system: purple energy makes you move faster, and cyan makes you jump higher. Initially, I was afraid it would be too much to handle at once, but the game treats it as a health mechanic, rather than balancing exact percentages of jump vs. fast. If I were to nitpick this mechanic, I would say that I would have loved to see more done with this, have sections only passable with all purple, or all cyan. There may have been, but I don't seem to recall any. With this, you play as Aliph, a woman who is the best power plant repairer in the fantasy world this game takes place in, and you must crawl your way through these broken, disheveled power plants in order to repair them, while dodging obstacles that raise or lower your purple or cyan energy. If an energy gets maxed out, you die. Each power plant introduces new platforming mechanics, such as springy platforms, or water fountains that boost you up if you angle your shield, or lasers that chase your exact position. Each power plant throws just enough new mechanics in to feel fresh, while not feeling overwhelming.All the while, your adventures are scored by Sean Han-Tani-Chen-Hogan's fantastic music. Gorgeous ambient drones light up each environment and make you feel safe, or skeeved out, depending on the scenario. Every time I finished a level and went back to the game's hub world, the Apex District, I would revel in the twinkly, shining music that would accompany it for just a moment before I continued on the game.However, not everything in the game is perfect. In this team's previous work, Anodyne, story was vague, and told in cryptic prose, and environmental storytelling. In Even the Ocean, the team has decided they want a massive story in the game. This is taken to the logical extreme by having a story teller intro and outro the game, and creating ""chapters"" to the story, complete with title cards, to make it feel more cohesive. And the story... doesn't work. It wants to be both a generic save-the-world story, but also something that tackles LGBTQ+ issues, global warming, socio-economic statuses, mortality, grieving dead friends/partners, and a lot more. But the writing comes off as ""my first fan fiction"" level writing. Everybody, and I mean EVERYBODY loves the main character. If there is ever any conflict between the main character and other characters, those other characters either disappear, or make up the literal next time you see them. The other people tasked to work with you on your world saving missions are straight up incompetent, making you the literal only character to do things, setting you up for a ""I'm the only one who can save the world story"", and political topics are brought up by the main character to have an excuse for NPCs to ramble on and on about the political issue of the moment, only for the main character to say ""I see what you mean"" and then segue back to the save the world story.It's a bummer, because I would love to see more games handle these political topics, but the way the story is written, it treats these as trivial side passions of these characters, not full themes to explore or even think about later on. Ideas are brought up, discussed, and thrown away with no-one ever bringing up or acknowledging what those topics could mean in the greater scheme of the story.One other thing about the game, which I find personally fascinating as a designer, is the complete removal standard difficulty settings, instead replacing difficulty with the ability to adjust the game to how you want to play it. Only want the game, with no story? You can have that. Want the story, with no game? That's an option as well. Want to pick and choose what levels to play in whatever order you want? That's also an option. And, to be expected, the ""full game"" is an option as well. It's a neat way to solve the problem of people wanting to experience games and game stories, even if they personally aren't great at games, or even unable to perform fine motor skills. I want to see more games adopt this, and possibly even go further, with ""easy"", ""normal"" or ""skip"" options for certain levels or sections of levels.Overall, Even the Ocean is a great game, possibly one of the best platformers I've played this year, with a story that falls flat more often than not. It's definitely worth a play, and you can even skip the story entirely, if you just want that platform-y goodness."
76561198056534874,Recommended,265470,29515356,Posted: 26 January,all,video gameing,"Pros and cons, then a little bit about my favorite thing at the bottompros+fantastic art and music+interesting characters+the atmposhere (My favorite part, I talk a bit more about this below)+options that let you experience the game how you want to that I've not seen in other gamesCons-some of the diologue can seem a bit reduntant at times-the platforming areas seem to wait a bit too long before it begins to get challenging-story has a few things it mabye could have presented better (though that might just be me being dumb)The one thing that stood out the most to me with Even the Ocean was the atmosphere it creates.  I don't think I've ever played a game that can capture a mood as well as this game does, and it does it consistently.  So much so that, weeks after beating the game, and having several criticisms about it, I still find myself thinking about it.If you want to see the full power a mood can bring to a game, get this."
76561198027717280,Recommended,265470,27027605,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HeartTrip,"Even the Ocean is a fun platformer that has one main gameplay mechanic where you balance your horizontal/vertical alignment as you make your way through stages. The full story will last around six hours.Pros:Lots of mechanics added throughout the game so that no stage feels like a repeat of a previous oneSome stages are quite enjoyably puzzlingPlentiful save pointsAll characters major and minor have wonderful portraitsRobust post-game is a real treatMany, diverse accessibility options in case you want to play for the story and aren't too keen on platforming, or just need to change something to improve your enjoymentCons:Definitely on the easy side for anyone who plays a lot of platformersCan get a little preachy, which I actually enjoyed but I could see people rolling their eyes a little."
,Recommended,265470,28050761,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Z. Bilious Todd,"Really fun, sorta quiet, game. I like that they found a way to make the gameplay all about something other than killing. It's basically simple Mega Man levels, focused on platforming challenges (but never too challenging), juxtaposed with visual novel cutscenes.Plot feels Miyazaki inspired. Also, special note to the art: cool world map, and some of the environments have a pixel art meets painting look that is breathtaking!"
,Recommended,265470,34051993,Posted: 5 August,all,isaacbee,"There's a lot to like about Even the Ocean. The platforming segments are really fun and inventive, with tight controls, a really unique light/dark energy mechanic that functions as both a health system and platforming tool (an imbalance towards light energy lets you jump higher, dark energy increases your horizontal speed, but too much of either puts you in danger of dying), and some great level design. The story is really well-told, with a great cast of diverse characters that spans all kinds of races, gender identities, and sexualities, and really interesting and mature themes about identity, marginalization, and power dynamics. Also, if you want to experience just the story, or just the platforming, the game gives you those options, which is something I wish more games let you do."
,Recommended,265470,34778457,Posted: 6 September,all,aqissiaq,A wonderful platforming game with an engaging story and excellent platforming. Wholeheartedly recommended
76561198129354588,Recommended,265470,34521779,Posted: 26 August,all,DA SAMOORAIIIIIIIIIII,"Very unique with interesting mechanics. The story isn't that great in some areas like how nothing you do seems to matter, but its still a good game. 8/10"
76561198072886936,Recommended,265470,29133986,Posted: 8 January,all,Paleblood,Had a great time with this game! Very relaxing to play. Simple in design and really well made puzzle platforming!
,Recommended,265470,28921046,Posted: 1 January,all,BinarySplit,"I recommend watching the first episode of a Let's Play to see if you'd like ETO. This is the video that sold me on it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNKq8IBDddYThe gameplay is relatively easy, but novel enough to keep you engaged. The characters, the music, the art, the ""realness"" of people are where Even the Ocean shines."
,Recommended,265470,29662613,Posted: 2 February,all,HDisco,A beautiful little game.
,Not Recommended,265470,35247737,Posted: 27 September,all,Lone Wolf,"O.K. first off i have to say, if i only talk about the game play itself, i do recommend this game, its fun, cute, and the puzzles are just challenging enough to keep you going. But with that said, i have to say i cant recommend this game because of the blatent SJW elements i see in it. for example, the main character is a girl, which i dont care, but then shes got multicolor hair, is black? asian? im not sure, again i dont care, but then she ends up dating anouther girl, and if it was writen well then it would be a nice change of pace, but instead it seriously feel so forced that it pulled me out of the story. the only white people are evil ish, like the mayor is arrogent, greedy, and the only other white guy i saw was the librarian and he even talks about making a disaster in hopes more people would come to his library to read up on it.honestly i tried to play though this game. i really did, but the story is just such a fluster cuck of ""inclusiveness"" that it seriously hurts the story instead of adding anything to it. it would have been better if all the people were something other than humans at this point. anyways, if you can get past that then you might like the game, it just killed it for me.if a game has a crap story, but good game play, is it still a good game? sorry but not this time."
76561197977153196,Recommended,265470,33248448,Posted: 4 July,all,Malec2b,"A good platformer with puzzle elements with a beautuful art style.  The Light-Dark mechanic to really interesting ends, in that they act both as your power-ups and your health bar: the further you go in either direction, the higher you jump or the faster/further you go, but if you push it too far in either direction, you get a game over.  So going towards one extreme might help you out in certain situations, but it puts you at greater risk.  The game has a nice difficulty level, where it's not too difficult or punishing, but keeps you thinking and planning how you're going to get through each challenge.  Worth checking out."
76561198031960167,Recommended,265470,29331792,Posted: 17 January,all,Vivaldist,"From the makers of Anodyne, this is another amazing indie game that blends inovative, tight gameplay, with an engaging story and rich, interesting characters. Like seriously, with these small indie games you get one or the other usually, not both.It is a 2d platformer, with mechanics that feel new, and different. Many of these are bespoke for each level, so going to a new area is exciting as there are always new types of puzzles and hazards to navigate.The story has many twists in it that kept me excited to see every new chapter. The characters, while not given a large amount of dialogue (this is a fairly short game), feel so lifelike and all connect to different topics and just...things we deal with in our lives.It's hard to describe this game to someone who hasn't played Anodyne. If you have, expect a similar quality game that also deals with heavy topics in a similar way. If you haven't:TL;DR Awesome platformer with good story/character, short, tight, and great pacing."
,Recommended,265470,35461954,Posted: 3 October,all,Pulilith,"This game is interesting. At the beginning, it gives you kind of a FF6-or-7-vibe, that high-fantasy-meets-sci-fi kind of atmosphere. You play as a female technician, and most of the gameplay reminds me of the SNES metroid game. I guess I'd call it a puzzle-platformer. The levels are beautiful, the soundtrack is amazing (if you've played Anodyne, their other game, you already know what I'm talking about). If you wanna feel nostalgic for a bit and play thru a modern game that feels like a classic, give Even the Ocean a shot. It's just challenging enough without being maddeningly difficult (which is not to say that it's incredibly easy either!). Really interesting human vs. nature storyline about a young female technician who gets roped into being the sole savior of humanity. There is a twist to the storyline, but I don't wanna spoil it, but if you're like me and you miss that feeling you had playing through FF6 for the first time, or just want some good old-fashioned puzzle platformer fun, go ahead and grab Even the Ocean. 12/10, gonna play again. Solid work, guys. Keep 'em coming!"
