user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,265550,11986142,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,jbneoh,"Guide to remove 30fps cap>Go to your deadrising3 folder. Default should be (C: Program Files (x86) \ Steam \ Steam Apps \ Common \ deadrising3)>create new text file in the folder>name it ""user.ini"" (make sure you change the file type from txt to ini)>open the new text file and type in “gmpcr_unlock_frame_rate = True”>save the document>start the game>enjoy!!EDIT: Kindly read the title. Note that I didn't say it would improve your gameplay experience whatsoever, it simply removes the fps cap. Also if it doesn't work for you, move on, no point raging at me. I do not work for Capcom either."
,Not Recommended,265550,32035958,Posted: 28 May,all,Robert,"I finally understand why people are so iffy about the Steam review system.Overall, it's a decent game, but it does have its problems - problems that would make this game better suited for an intermediate ""Meh"" option (like 6/10). If you want to play it, get it on sale, but don't expect to be amazed.While I enjoyed the game for most of my ~100 hours playing it, I have run into numerous bugs, one of which deleted my save file once (which is why I'm still trying to get the last achievement) and has almost done so multiple times since then. Even now when I'm playing, something ridiculous will happen and I'll just sit there absolutely dumbfounded for a second, trying to figure out how that didn't get noticed during quality control or why it was never fixed. A little more polish would have gone a long way."
,Recommended,265550,16017094,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Shoebill2749,"Dead Rising 3 PC ReviewAlright this is my first serious review I am gonna write, any others or any past ones I have wrote were either jokes or poorly done.  This time I have taken the time to actually write a half decent one, so bear with me please.  Also if you do not feel like reading that much then feel free to jump to the summary below.StoryThe story in this Dead Rising takes place 72 hours after the Los Pardidos outbreak.  You play as Nick, a mechanic who is joined by several other survivors.  Your goal is to not only survive, but also learn the truth of what really happened and what really caused this outbreak.  The story is actually really nice, and worth paying attention to, especially if you have played any of the previous installments.  The story loves to reference the previous games, it also references the two side games which were Xbox 360 Exclusives, although if you have not played any of the games then they will drop hints on what happened, so you do not have to worry too much.  How the story is presented is pretty good as well,  not the greatest but it works and it is good enough.  Nothing really stood out in terms of voice acting or pacing.GameplayWhile fighting in Los Pardidos, you have a variety of weapons to choose from, from a traffic cone to even a battle axe!  Although what seems to be the main focus of the game is not only the combo weapons, but the combo vehicles.  The combo weapons are actually REALLY fun to use and have way more variety than Dead Rising 2, and the combo vehicles are also a huge plus, giving you 10 in total.  There are some combo weapons that are not that great but you can't be perfect, especially if there are over ONE HUNDRED! Also the fact that you can make the combo weapons on the fly, and the fact that now there is attribute points actually improves the game quite a bit, no longer do you randomly get skills by leveling up or need to find a maintenance room anymore, but now you can play the game however you wish without any restraints. Control wise the game is very nice, it is highly recommended that you play with a controller though.  The controls for keyboard and mouse could be better however, but fully playable, I had no problems with them at all and it was my preferred method of playing the game.   You also have Xbox 360 Gamepad support, so keep that in mind if you don't like the keyboard and mouse controls.  If you are used to Dead Rising 2's PC controls, you better start forgetting them because the control scheme is very different in this game!ContentContent wise this game is DEFINITELY worth the money.   After fully completing the game, getting all the collectables, and beating all four episodes of Untold Stories of Los Pardidos, I have logged around 60 hours into the game.  The base game alone took me 20 hours with side missions and getting most of the collectables.  If you were to play the game and breeze through it, like I have during nightmare mode, it will take you around 6-7 hours, more if you go after the side quests, which are highly recommended for leveling up.  In the PC version of the game you also get all four episodes of Untold Stories of Los Pardidos, which has you take on the perspective of four other people before, during, and after the main story.  You also get Nightmare mode, which makes the game harder and gives you less time during the main story.  When playing through the Untold Stories, I highly recommend you play it after the main story, and you play them all in nightmare mode however, because your character stats do carry over no matter what mode you play in.  There is plenty of game play here for you, even if you pay the $49.99 price tag, you will definitely get your monies worth.OptimizationDuring this review I have been very positive, and for a good reason, it is a great game!  Then... there is optimization.  From what a lot of people say, this game is a terrible port from the console, and sadly most of that is true.  The Dead Rising series has always had terrible ports on the PC, including 2.  Dead Rising 2 wasn't capped at 30FPS but the options menu was a joke and it wasn't very well optimized.  Dead Rising 3 however does have a great options menu.  You have plenty of options to choose from, from shadows, to texture quality, to even anti-aliasing, unlike the second game where you can only change the zombie quality and shadow quality.  The game IS capped at 30FPS, although Capcom did say that you can easily disable that via a .ini file, although they said it was highly discouraged and they said to do it at your own risk.  I myself have not done this.  I can run the game at the High Settings preset using a GTX 750ti and a AMD FX 4130 at around 25-30FPS, although sometimes it dips to 22 in some cases.  If you do not care about the cap, then optimization shouldn't bother you if you have a good enough rig to handle it.  When you are reading the system requirements for the game, keep in mind Capcom had this game optimized for 30FPS, and not 60.  Overall if you do not mind the game being at 30fps and having some dips depending on your settings, you are good to go.OverallThis is a great game!  I highly recommend it to anybody who loves zombie games, and anybody who loves Dead Rising especially. The story is great and will be sure to entertain you, especially at the end. The gameplay is solid and there are plenty of options when it comes to controls.  Content wise the game is amazing, you will have plenty of hours in the game to either play the main story, do side quests, or just kill zombies!  Optimization could be better, having it be capped at 30FPS, but if you can work around that you are good as long as you got the rig to support the game.  Overall, it is worth the purchase, even if you pay full price!If you can pick it up during a sale, it is 100% recommended by me.Thanks for listening, if you have any questions, feel free to put down a comment."
,Not Recommended,265550,25887873,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Genocide,"Part of the point of zombies is their overwhelming numerical superiority. For this reason, Dead Rising 3 is an amazing piece of technology. It crams its streets gloriously full of zombies. The breadth of its shambling mobs has always been a strength of the Dead Rising games. In 2006, the first one harnessed the power of Microsoft’s then next-gen console system to cram a mall full of zombies. It was mind-blowing at the time. So many zombies! There was a sense that this is what George Romero wanted us to experience. This was the zombie apocalypse, in full scale compared to the 1:72 toy scale in other games. It took 25 years after Dawn of the Dead, after years of videogames dribbling zombies at us in coffee clutch sized clusters, but we had finally come home.During the carefully staged opening of Dead Rising 3, you stand on a carefully staged precipice above a carefully staged ruined highway crammed with zombies. There’s gotta be five hundred of them down there. It’s mind-blowing. And it’s a constant. The opening is carefully staged, but it’s not a trick. This is the number of zombies loitering around the city. I killed over 25,000 of them by the time I’d played through the story, not because I’m particularly efficient at zombie killing, but because there are just so many of them. You can’t swing a sledgehammer without adding a few dozen to your total. In that regard, in terms of embracing zombies as a multitude, Dead Rising 3 is the greatest of the Dead Rising games.But in every other way, it is the weakest of the Dead Rising games.The first and greatest mistake in Dead Rising 3 is that it all but removes the survival horror aspect. It assumes that we’re playing because it’s just so much fun killing zombies, so why do you want any sort of survival horror gumming up the works? After all, if you’re going to wear go-go boots and a traffic cone on your head and a child’s superhero costume five sizes too small, you obviously don’t care about gameplay. Who needs consequences or stakes or risk? Who needs any sort of challenge or geographical progression or resource management? You’ve got State of Decay if you want to get all serious and bogged down with gameplay, right? Absurdism and meaningful game design are contradictions!In Dead Rising 3, you never need to go somewhere to construct a particular weapon. You don’t even need a work table. Instead, you unlock safehouses with magical lockers that contain infinite copies of every item you’ve ever so much as fingered. Need a cement saw? No need to go to the construction site. Just get a cement saw from your magic locker of infinite cement saws. Your supply of cement saws is never any further than the nearest safe house, which is never very far at all. And that construction site is now a completely meaningless location. You don’t even need a work table to construct whatever you’re going to construct. Just do it here because Capcom knows you only want to get to the zombie killing as quickly and hassle-free as possible.One of the hallmarks of the previous games was that you had to go to specific places to get specific items. How many trips did you make to the toy store in Dead Rising 2 for the giant stuffed bear, and then you climbed up the giant slot machine in one of the casinos to get the machine gun, just so you could make Freedom Bear? Those locations mattered. You learned the best routes to them. You knew where the nearest work table was. You know where the nearest bathroom was to save your game. The faux Vegas setting accrued a powerful sense of place, where different places mattered to different degrees, where getting there from here was the heart of the game. You knew your place because you knew the place. In Dead Rising 3, you’ll have to spend a lot of time checking the map, because there’s no reason for you to know the place, because none of it matters.Of course, you won’t need a cement saw, because even though it might make some sort of wacky combo weapon, it’s not an efficient way to kill zombies. Instead, you’ll just take one of the many powerful guns from your infinite supply of infinite guns. Or hack-and-slash weapons if that’s your bag. Personally, I found melee combat was too clumsy when my AI buddies take umbrage at the fact that they’re standing where I’m hacking-and-slashing. But you just pick your favorite weapon, whether it’s a gun or the samurai pole-arm or just an axe/machete combo. There’s no reason to carry anything else, much less craft anything else. I got through most of Dead Rising 3 — zombie-crammed streets, psychos, bosses, challenges, collectibles, and all — by strapping together an assault rifle and a shotgun to make something called a Z.A.R. that fires 60 rounds of long range flaming shotgun blasts.Actually, I didn’t even have to use assault rifles and shotguns. One of the elements of character progression is letting you make whatever you want from whatever you want. For the price of a single character point from among the buckets of character points you’ll get, you can pick a skill that lets you use an item as a wildcard in recipes. When I couldn’t find a shotgun or an assault rifle, I was able to magically use my dirt-cheap “make anything with anything perk” to craft a taped together assault rifle and shotgun anyway. Why get in the way of a perfectly good challenge-free zombie killing sim with nitpicky considerations like resource management? You got your fill of State of Decay while playing State of Decay, right?This furthermore renders nearly all the recipes entirely moot. In Dead Rising 3, once you find a recipe, you have forever unlocked the thing it makes. But until you find that recipe, you can’t make the thing even if you have the proper ingredients. It’s a gameplay conceit, presumably to encourage you to explore the world looking for recipes. But why would you bother when you have an unlimited supply of whatever thing is most efficient? In the previous games, you used different crafted weapons because they were all you had available. Dead Rising, which used to be about making do with whatever you could find, is now about killing zombies hassle-free. This approach entirely undermines the survival aspect and it furthermore makes the nightmare mode a joke. Nightmare mode just means your infinite supply lockers take slightly longer to recharge.The vehicles, which seem to be Dead Rising 3’s closest claim to a new feature and which handle worse than any vehicles I’ve ever had the displeasure to have to drive in a game, further undermine any sense of challenge or meaningful geography. Why would I take any of the wacky vehicle combinations when I have an infinite supply of armored personnel carriers with miniguns mounted on top? With garages stocked with tanks never more than a few blocks away, all those streets clogged with zombies aren’t the least bit frightening or even slightly daunting. It’s just a short walk to the nearest garage which then means it’s a short drive to even the most distant point. To make up for this, there are a ton of pointless fetch quests that supposedly give you a reason to go somewhere. At least the fetch quests in the previous Dead Risings were challenging."
,Not Recommended,265550,21893202,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,ＰＵＭＰＫＡＹＮＥ,"I bought this game early for a whopping 45 dollars instead of 50, and it was worth every penny. Nothing like getting a discount on being ♥♥♥♥ED. This is a serious topic for me, not only because I got destroyed by the terrible slap-dash of this port, but because it effected, like, 90% of the people who bought it and there wasn't so much as a controversy or public apology or even ♥♥♥♥ing acknowledgement on Capcom's part. They made it, it constantly crashed and ran at 12-16 FPS on computers way better than my own, which mine goes above and beyond the maximum requirements, and Capcom just left through the window like a burglar in the night with all of our money.This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing nightmare. File counts differ from person to person. The game downloads from Steam with inconsistent file counts and sizes in the same countries, and the pirated version of the game runs BETTER for unknown reasons. There are people on Intel Laptops from a few years ago running this game uncapped at 80+ FPS, and people on high-end Nvidia rigs running it at 12 FPS on lowest settings, windowed at 1280x720.Capcom of Vancouver should be charged with crimes against humanity for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ or, if we're being serious and avoiding hyperbole, they should refund all of those affected or be sued. I'm dead serious. This is not something that should be accepted and let go - Why do we get all up in arms about some phone having problems but a terrible game that still doesn't work nearly two years later is practically ignored? It's absurd.You wanna have a playable version of this game? Go buy an Xbox One where the game still runs pretty poorly. 24 FPS is pretty great! Next-Gen is best Gen, right?Also, I'm getting pretty tired of the ""I haven't experienced problems = It's perfectly fine"" nonsense.If all you're going to comment is ""I bought it and it runs fine, so you're lying,"" then you can ♥♥♥♥ off. It doesn't solve anything, is a completely flawed argument, and only serves to frustrate the people who actually come here to talk about the issue at hand.Before you decide to leave a comment about how the game ""is fine"" because YOURS works, go read some other reviews. This is a wide-spread issue, and being ignorant to the truth is no excuse to come here and call people liars. A broken game is a broken game."
76561198252161392,Recommended,265550,34379176,Posted: 20 August,all,Seizure_findme,"C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\deadrising3, make user.ini file and paste this in it: gmpcr_unlock_frame_rate = True and then save. There you go no more 30 frames cap"
,Recommended,265550,12226801,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,OXY,"Bought this game a few days ago, had a blast playing it. Thought I would make a review for it.Positives- Extremely Fun- Interesting Story- Good Characters- Replay Value- HARDLY ANY LOADSCREENS!!! YES! But there are still a few between cutscenes ;(- Open world, not stuck in a Mall.- I'm sure there are tons more Zombies in this game than the previous titles in the franchise.- Plenty of Collectibles to collect.- Really cool Blueprint Crafting system, where you can now craft Vehicles and many new weapons!Negatives- Very short game, finished the Story in 7 hours (Without doing Side Missions)- No FOV slider, meaning the camera is literally up your♥♥♥♥♥most of the time.- Sometimes the the actions are really delayed, you will press E to pick up an item and it takes him a few seconds to do it. Could link in to the 30 FPS issue idk.- 30 FPS Cap.- No Infinity Mode (Was a Mode from Dead Rising 1 where it would let you Free-roam, meaning there is no Freeroam Option without being put against a timer, always hated that in Dead Rising 2. However there's a part in the last chapter where you aren't timed so you are able to freeroam but aren't able to do side missions)- Still slightly buggy in many cases. Not game changing though.- Psychopaths aren't really a Challenge in Dead Rising 3, were more difficult in 1 & 2.- The Level Up system is... meh.- Map feels very small after a while.I'd recommend waiting for the price to drop a bit for this one (Christmas Sale). Still a great game though."
,Not Recommended,265550,12002179,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,2K9CON,"Hi, I just wanted to share my performance with the game so far.First of all here are my computer specs.Computer SpecsOS: Windows 7 64-BITCPU: AMD FX-6300GPU: 2GB AMD 7870RAM: 16GB DDR3Game SettingsUNCAPPED THE 30 FPSScreen Resolution: 1600x900Render Resolution: FullTexture Resolution: HighShadow Quality: HighSSAO: DisabledSSS: DisabledMirror Quality: MediumVSync: DisabledAA: SMAAZombie Quality: HighMotion Blur: DisabledDOF: DisabledTexture Filtering: ANISO X2Sky Quality: HighLOD Distance: 11PerformanceWhen I first booted the game up it loaded with no problems, in the menu I was getting 50+ fps. I then loaded the first mission and during the first cut-scenes i was getting 40+ fps although it looked like 21fps because of some really odd lag issues.After I loaded in and started moving around for the first time (The first time you actually get control of your character) i was getting 50+ fps no problem.once i got to the part with all the zombies inside the fenced of area I dropped to around 35-45 FPS, and it when up and down until I first experienced night time (After you find Anne, or whatever her name is and go into the watch tower) looking over far distances It dropped down to around 20 - 35 fps and if i looked away it would go back up to 40-50.So my whole experience with the game has been great, performance wise it really needs to optimization, mainly with the zombies (Not the amount of them but just the amount of lag they cause).Bugs / Problems I have encounteredFPS Drops while looking over large distances. Objects not loading correctly while moving at high speeds (For instance driving fast in cars) The game freezes for 1 or 2 seconds at random points (Not often)But other than that I have had no crashes or any other problems.(I'm using the first release, no updates or anything)I would not recommend this game until they fix it.Also sorry for my terrible formattingEDITA lot of you are saying lower your graphic settings, No. What is the point in buying a game like this, just to play it with terrible graphics, It's not an FPS or a competative game so I really don't mind the FPS Drops.Also to the guy that said change the texture quallity, that is pointless, I have 2GB GPU and 16GB of ram. Changing that would change nothing.#EDIT 2I have tried changing the texutre quallity and it looks like crap and the performance is no difference."
,Not Recommended,265550,13605504,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sofiachan,This makes gta 4 look like a good port
,Not Recommended,265550,11990095,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Mel,"All new from Capcom2 games for the price of one.Crash simulator: Experience crashes like never before,And Loading screen simulator, if you've ever wanted to spend hours staring at a loading screen this is the game for you.Buy these two games now for the cheap price..No, you know what... Don't ♥♥♥♥ing buy it, it's unplayable.Cheers Capcom."
76561198040319157,Recommended,265550,23645536,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,"Jeve ""Shameless"" Greenmoon","Dead Rising 3 for PC... A misfit port at the start, and an overwhelming game at the finish.Don't get me wrong, this is a good game, but the port to PC had its fair share of problems. But those are all in the past now, and there are plenty of easy fixes for the few that remain, so I'll just say this: This is a good game IF you have a good computer.My last computer, which I first bought this game on, wasn't all that bad. I can't remember the specs, but suffice to say, it was a good laptop for the most part. But this game was too much for it. The frame rate issues were so severe that the game ran as slow as a zombie, pun intended. Yet I still played this to the point that I beat the final boss and completed the story. But it wasn't very pretty...But now that I've got myself a new computer, with better specs from the looks of it, the game runs just fine. Maybe it was just my old computer that couldn't handle the game, or maybe Capcom's hotfixes worked as they should in the end? In either case, now I can enjoy this game as I should have a few years ago.Since this is the third entry into the DR-series, I'm pretty sure we're all familiar with the basic premise: Grab anything you can find and beat zombies with it, rescue people and kill psychos. It's all pretty standard, except you really can pick up anything, from bricks and broken pipes to garbage cans and benches; if it's not nailed down you can pick it up and use it as a weapon. That's the big selling point of this franchise as a whole, and I have to say, it's a good point.With the second entry came the ability to combine different weapons into new and better versions, so how could this be improved on? Why, vehicles of course! The first two games had some vehicles to throw around, but it was all pretty limited between different zones. But now that the whole game is one big map, save a few special locations, there's no better time to introduce combo vehicles! Sure, there are only ten of them, but any one of them can lay waste to hundreds of zombies and make travelling the city a breeze! Normal vehicles aren't bad either, but there's just something more satisfying about riding a giant creepy clown cart which sucks up zombies like a vaccum and tosses small explosives than just... mowing them down with an SUV.Oh, and there's a story about escaping the city with your buddies before a big bomb goes off. But who cares about the story? Just have fun and get out in due time.Frankly, these are some of my favourite kinds of games: They don't care about story, they don't care too much about characters or even realism, they just put you somewhere and lets you have a wild ride. It's like Doom: You're fighting demons on Mars, what else do you need?I can drone on and on about the different things you can do, the fun possibilities of dressing up in women's lingerie and then beat zombies to (permanent) death with a handbag, or with a giant battleaxe, or a lightpost that can fry, freeze or electocute your foes. But frankly, you're best off to find those things for yourself; provided you have a good computer of course.So yeah, I can recommend this one to the well equipped gamers. Now if you'll excuse me, I still have a few achievements to earn and a few more zombies to kill. Ta-ta!"
,Not Recommended,265550,11990849,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,hayho,"best loading screen simulator to date, it really makes you feel like you're actually waiting for a game to load!"
,Recommended,265550,19933400,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,eMineLLL,Well they fixed the Game for AMD hardware.cpu: fx 8350 | gpu: r9 270x | ram: 8 gb | WD Green HDD (worst HDD to play games on!) on AHCI.Good 60 fps after unlocking. just be sure to turn v-sync off. I mostly play casual games with v-sync on but this one is a big NO.Besides v-sync problem there is nothing wrong for me at the moment. No crash and lags. Just simple and pure fun!
,Not Recommended,265550,16982918,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Moranon,"I waited to buy this game on sale and now I’m really glad I did. If I bought this for the full price I would’ve been very p%ssed. Not everything about this game is bad but a lot of bad decisions were made while creating this game.Pros:+ The graphics are quite nice in my opinion.+ The psychos are insane and unique as always and have fun cutscenes.+ The Ultimate combo weapons are fun to use. (Try the Massive Bomb. It’s awesome)+ Darlene’s boss fight is hilarious.+ Firearms are a bit more useful than in previous games. In my opinion.+Chuck GreeneMeh’s:~	Maybe I missed the prompt that told me what to with survivors (how to get rid of them to be specific) or they just don’t tell you. I accidentally dragged one into a bossfight where she of course died because I didn’t know that I had to deselect her at the whiteboard in a safehouse.Cons:-	The game crashed a couple times. Even forced me to reboot my PC twice.-	Sometimes textures take long to load.-	It’s dumbed down to appeal to the masses. I didn’t die once in the story. In DR1 and DR2 that was pretty much impossible to do.-	You have way too much time. There was no feel of urgency at all. I finished the game on day 4 even though I completed all the side missions and psycho missions. Had I focused on the main missions I would’ve finished it on day 3 at the latest.-	The collectables sometimes are a real pain in the #ss to find. More than once I found myself thinking “How the f#ck am I supposed to get up/over there?”-	The vehicles are useless as sh%t. Fun yes but the fun lasts for about 2 minutes tops. Then they go boom.-	It feels like there are less combo weapons than in DR2-	The constantly getting grabbed by zombies. Every 10 seconds you have a Zed hanging on your #ss. So damn frustrating.-	The constantly exploding sh!t right next to you. Maybe I was too blind to see it but somehow there was always stuff exploding right next to me and Nick hugging the street.-	90% of the doors are locked and will only open if you do a side mission that is related to that place. I’d like to emphasize on one in particular where you have to protect a woman on a shopping trip and one store is locked. She simply kicks the door open… She can do that but Nick, who is at least one foot taller than her and bit more muscular, can’t? That’s b#llsh%t.I guess that’s about it. I haven’t played the DLC’s yet but I probably will in the next few days and I’ll probably play this game in Coop where it’s hopefully more fun.I can’t recommend getting this game at a full price. If you really want it wait till it’s on sale again."
,Not Recommended,265550,11990223,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,FullmetalNinja25,"♥♥♥♥ this Game, can't get past the ♥♥♥♥ing Loading Screen without it crashing. Waste of my time and money. 0/10"
,Not Recommended,265550,12008843,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Barry Nexus,"Dead Rising 3 is a mixed-bag. It's a bag filled with delicious chocolates and overly salted pretzel. You can pull out something sweet and succlent, and other times nothing but♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dead Rising 3 is one of those games where it had a lot of great ideas and fun elements but get weighed down by plenty of pretzels.Dead Rising 3 is the next installment in the Dead Rising franchise, a franchise of which I love. Seeing Frank West plow to hordes of zombie in a shopping mall was one of the greatest things I had seen for the Xbox 360 at the time, and my love for the series pushed forward by the new combo weapons, B-movie style, wacky game that Dead Rising 2 was. It seemed Dead Rising 3 might of been a spark for another entry in a series that I had always found enjoyable, despite it flaws. Yet, Dead Rising 3 had proved me wrong.Let's talk about the good things first though, Dead Rising 3 features plenty new elements to franchise. The game feels more fluid and less clunky, Nick is able to create combo weapons on the fly, and the city of Los Perdidos is much more massive than Willimette and Fortune City. The game features two modes, Nightmare and Normal. Nightmare is more in the style of the previous Dead Rising games, with a tight time limit and a saves only available in safe houses and bathrooms, for those who like a challenge. While normal mode has a very long time limit, and lets you freely explore the undead-infected city at your leisure. Some very minor changes include being able to eat/drink while moving, improved psychopath health bars, less escort missions, and the abillity to access clothing and weapons from the safe house you've previously unlocked or picked up. The zombie-slaughering is a blast, with a wide variety of effective and silly weapons at your disposal. Combine a katana and a scythe to make the all-mighty Reaper, and you can combine that together with a gasoline can to having a Fire Reaper. Put rubber ducks on boxing gloves, or put a shotgun and an assault rifle togheter and face hordes of thousands of undead obstacles with your powerful weapons. Slicing and dicing zombies feels satisfying, and finding new blueprints to a new combo weapon is always a blast. Unlike most open-world games, Dead Rising 3 has a lot of interiors. It's choke full of hardware, clothing, and yes, even porn stores. The absurdity is the finest part of Dead Rising 3, even if it feels a bit juvenile or silly at times, it feels wonderful to plow through the hordes.Now here's the bad news, let's just get this out of the way, very few will deny it. Dead Rising 3 runs poorly. It's playable, but don't be expecting to run on 60 FPS on the highest quality of machines. Is it a crappy port? Depends on how you look at it. The Xbox One version of Dead Rising 3 (a launch title for the console) was known to run terribly at times, with many technical issues. One could say the PC port of Dead Rising is actually much better compared to the Xbox One version, the thing is, it still runs like crap at times. The weirdest thing is that during cutscenes, the game's FPS tends to drop even less. One very frustrating annoyance, is the game tends to crash every so often. It's almost impossible to do Nightmare mode as the game crashes so frequently that you might end up losing your save, because you couldn't make it to a safehouse or bathroom before the invisible ""crash timer"" rings its bell. It's a very big problem, unless you don't care all too much about running Dead Rising 3 on the highest settings, or don't mind getting under 50 FPS at times, then the performance issues shouldn't really affect you. Even then, there are still some weird texture pop-ins, objects appearing out of nowhere, and some low quality textures even on the highest settings. Plenty of games look much better than Dead Rising 3, and play much more smoother.As for negative gameplay aspects, it may very from person to person. Los Perdidos is big compared to the last two locations of Dead Rising. It's also very maze-like, unmemorable, and twisted. In the previous two Dead Risings, the landmarks were very clear. The giant slide in Pallisades Mall in Dead Rising 2, the courtyard of convicts in 1, but Dead Rising 3 doesn't have those types of memorable landmarks. There's no way to tell where the gun store once was, or the knife shop, or the pizza place. The streets, more often than not, look the same. Most locations have to be travelled to by car along a confusing routes of highways, and frequent roadblocks that require you to find a new automobile. It all felt tedious getting around. The side missions, are just your generic open-world ones, such as find 5 guns and bring it to Tommy, or take Sarah to a certain store. A lot of the psychopaths in Dead Rising 3 felt underwhelming, they weren't as interesting or challenging as the previous two and lacked any real great rewards. In Dead Rising 2, deafeating Randy gave you the massive pink chainsaw or defeating Seymour gave you the powerful 60 bullet Six Shooter, and in Dead Rising 1, defeating Adam gave you the mini-chainsaw. However, defeating psychos in 3 only give you PP, a key, sometimes survivors, and only three the six optional psychopaths give you some sort of weapon, none of which are very good. All these features can really tone down some of the great potential the game could have, there's so many minor irritations that just turn into one big itch you can't scratch.Despite the hordes of zombie killing, the incredibly fun combo weapons, and the bizzareness of the entire game. As hard as it is for me to say this as a really big fan of the series, I can't reccommend Dead Rising 3. It's performance and crashing issues are much too big to ignore, the twisted and unmemorable map of Los Perididos are frustraiting, and it's lack of any real sort of accomplishment from rescuing survivors or doing side missions makes you hesitant every time you get a call. The game could of been so much more, what sounds better than a open-world sandbox co-op zombie killing game? Instead, you're left with a technical mess, and a bland game. With all the things it does right, there's just too many damn pretzels in this bag."
,Recommended,265550,24882026,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,TOP KUYASHII,"Okay optimization. Good for some mindless zombie hack n slash. Laughable plot and voice acting.If you've played the previous games, the time limit in this one is a lot more forgiving."
76561198089078564,Not Recommended,265550,11988973,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ProximityValues,"Currently this game refuses to work, loaded on my SSD and everything it will load for about a year then crash, this should not be the case for a year-old AAA game."
76561197963461083,Not Recommended,265550,12039272,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,DeFunk,Need to fix this game in a bad way! Felt like I wasted money on this one!
,Recommended,265550,18708231,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Firemaw,The best in the series. No heavy time pressure like previous games - plenty of time to do side missions and explore the huge city - although Nightmare Mode is available if you want time pressure. Tons of combo weapons and vehicles that you can create ANYWHERE - no need to lug items back to your base to craft at a workbench like in DR2. Great city design with plenty of nooks and crannies to explore. Achievements system with bonus PP rewards. Awesome levelling system to choose where you want to upgrade your skills and inventory (all can be maxed out before the end of the game if you spend extra time on it). Rank S. Highly recommended.
,Not Recommended,265550,12010272,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Raven,WARNING!NOT YET OPTIMIZED FOR PC!!!
76561197970529119,Recommended,265550,15892786,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Static10101,"The very first Dead Rising still remains one of my favorite games of all time.  My review might be slightly biased.I bought this on sale; a massive mixture of concern whether or not it would run on my system, alongside the built up anticipation I have had since the game's release on Xbox One.  I don't own, or intend to own, that console anytime soon, so  when Dead Rising 3 was ported to PC I was very excited---until I read all of the horrible experiences people with much better systems than my own were having running the game.  The Capcom publisher sale finally convinced me to take the risk, and the results have far surpassed my expectations.With the settings on low, I get excellent FPS, and it is more than playable on medium.  I am shocked at how well it is running on my laptop!As far as the game itself goes, it is interesting having such an open environment to explore this time around.  Random survivors will appear that you can save for extra experience, much like the random crime events in a superhero game like the Amazing Spider-man or something, and the stress on time management seems to have been removed for the most part.  This can be viewed as a good or bad thing, I suppose: worrying about appropriately scheduling your tasks was a big part of the immersion factor for me.  On the other hand, the GTA-ish formula isn't gamebreaking--it is nice to be able to have such control over when events are triggered.  At the time of writing this, I am only a couple chapters in, so I guess all that I just said could still be countered; I'm far enough to know that I am really, really enjoying this game, in many of the same ways that I enjoyed the previous entries in the series.  The only thing that keeps throwing me off is HAVING to have a blueprint for something, even if I know how to make it myself.  I wish they had left that aspect the same as it was in Dead Rising 2.  It really becomes a small complaint though, as searching for these blueprints can be entertaining and addictive.So proceed with caution if you are considering buying this.  The game itself is fantastic.. however, a rather alarming number of users encountered issues.  I'll post my specs at the bottom, but I am considering myself fortunate that I am able to run this, and run it as well as it is running.  If you are willing to take a gamble then you might come away with a winner.Win 8.1 64-bitAMD A-10 4600M 2.3 Ghz8GB RAMRadeon HD 7660G + HD 7700M"
,Not Recommended,265550,17129095,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Tree Fiddy,"I would recommend this game for the sheer fun. But. I just can't. The crashes, the framerate spikes. I want to play this game, but it's broken. It's been almost a year since it came out and they still haven't fixed it. They worked on it a little, and just gave up. Capcom is better than this yet they just abandon this PC port."
,Not Recommended,265550,11993105,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Banagher Links,"Game doesnt work, stuck on loading screen and some missing files, dont even bother to buy it until they fix the game"
76561198059617058,Not Recommended,265550,11990850,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,venom5547,Sure glad I payed 30 dollars to pre-order crash simulator 2014.
,Recommended,265550,23389684,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,CF fiRsTcLAiMs,"This game is excellent! after the 60 fps unlock is in place, it just runs and plays beautiful. tons of things to do.."
76561198048755692,Not Recommended,265550,12044407,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Mothra,"It's a good game Xbox One, but not playable on the PC.A complete failure!"
,Recommended,265550,26954804,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bulbasaur,"An underrated game. This game is too much fun in every way.Dead Rising 3 is basically an open-world gta-like game with tons and tons of zombies, you complete missions and sidequests, rescue survivors and make them your side-kicks, hundreds of weapons, hundreds of vehicles, you can craft tons of awesome new weapons such a giant p*nis that works as a flamethrower and ice launcher, or a tank that with missile launchers and machine guns or motorcycle that launch saws and soo much other options. Believe me, You can do soooooooo many things in this game.The story is good and Nick Ramos is an interesting character overall. And the psychopaths gives a humorous mood to the game.On the technical side, The game run smooth at 60FPS (need to modify a file). FPS drops happen very rarely and the entire time my FPS is between 70 and 110 FPS. However, there is a really annoying bug with opening the weapons menu i couldn't find solution for.Other than that, the game is so much fun, the gameplay is awesome and there too much freedom to play the game.People can join you and help you and you can do the same which makes the Co-Op/Multiplayer mode is equally fun.Plus, you have all the released DLCs for free. That's means you have 4 DLC side-stories missions and tons of DLC weapons and vehicles.If you are a fan of Dead Rising series and zombie games and love crafting and do crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I say get it.9/10."
,Not Recommended,265550,11989808,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,CG CHRIS Scoop,Nope DO NOT BUY CONSTANT CRASHES AND BAD CODING FOR PC DO NOT BUYNope DO NOT BUY CONSTANT CRASHES AND BAD CODING FOR PC DO NOT BUYNope DO NOT BUY CONSTANT CRASHES AND BAD CODING FOR PC DO NOT BUYNope DO NOT BUY CONSTANT CRASHES AND BAD CODING FOR PC DO NOT BUYNope DO NOT BUY CONSTANT CRASHES AND BAD CODING FOR PC DO NOT BUYNope DO NOT BUY CONSTANT CRASHES AND BAD CODING FOR PC DO NOT BUYNope DO NOT BUY CONSTANT CRASHES AND BAD CODING FOR PC DO NOT BUYNope DO NOT BUY CONSTANT CRASHES AND BAD CODING FOR PC DO NOT BUYNope DO NOT BUY CONSTANT CRASHES AND BAD CODING FOR PC DO NOT BUYNope DO NOT BUY CONSTANT CRASHES AND BAD CODING FOR PC DO NOT BUYNope DO NOT BUY CONSTANT CRASHES AND BAD CODING FOR PC DO NOT BUY
,Recommended,265550,28108025,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Gujin,"I don't really want to compare DR2 for this review, but I'll at least say that if you didn't enjoy 2, you probably won't find much fun in this one either.One of the core negatives in my opinion is how blatantly overpowered combo weapons are. Even staple weapons such as katanas and fire axes will take several hits to kill zombies, whereas MOST combo weapons will mow down a horde effortlessly. But that isn't necessarily a bad thing, as it gives incentive to hunt for materials rather than gravitate towards where the most overpowered weapons spawn.Beyond the game feeling a lot more destructive than its predecessors, it still has a lot of common relations to previous Dead Rising game. Comedic cast of characters, B-tier plot, stupid psychopaths, and the gameplay feeling far more refined than ever. And while the time constraint still exists, which in my opinion has never really been an issue in the first place, it never feels like it actually exists,I can see why people may have been burned by this for a heftier price tag, be it $60+DLC or $30+DLC, but I purchased the complete edition for around $10, and still have an obscene amount to do in this game. I imagine my clocked in hours will increase over the next week or so, but at that sale price, if you can catch it again when Christmas comes around, I highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,265550,23045042,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Commander Llama,"It sucks to not recommend this game because I really liked Dead Rising 1 and 2. But in the apparent rush to improve the graphics and get this out as an Xbox One exclusive launch title, Capcom sacrificed a good game.The core elements of a Dead Rising game are here. You're trapped in an open world zombie apocalypse and there are dozens upon dozens of weapons at your disposal, lying around everywhere. Combo crafting new, wacky types of weapons also make it. You'll follow the main story, save survivors by either clearing zombies near them or escorting them, and kill psychos. You gain experience points (Prestige Points, or PP) and level up, gaining new abilities, more health, inventory space, passive buffs, etc. One nice addition to the game is a skill tree that lets the player decide, through the early and midgame, how they want to specialize. You can level up forever though, and they even keep giving you skill points after you've bought every available skill in the game. Come now, that's got to be a few lines of code at most... Anyway, Dead Rising 3 occurs on a bigger scale than the previous two, you've got a whole city now! It should be great, right?But I think it's simply lost its self-aware charm. The city, Los Perdidos, is as bland as it comes. The way roadblocks snake through the city seem artificial. Instead of funny moments, there are little Tragic Endings. There are only 7 Psychos in the game, plus main story bosses. The psychos are based off the Seven Deadly Sins, which sounds cool in a boardroom design meeting, but there's an absurdity missing from most of them. Dead Rising 3 might be trying to be a little more serious, but at the same time it does try to be silly at times too. The whole balance of the game has been destroyed by Safe Zone Weapon Lockers, which, I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not, let you load up a full inventory of miniguns at level 1, and just mow zombies, human baddies, and even bosses to a pulp with zero effort. The old weaknesses of Dead Rising are present. Movement is sticky, it's often difficult to target the item you want to pick up, and survivors are morons. Nothing new or interesting is really brought to the table for the franchise. The graphics got a sizeable makeover and the zombie hordes are impressive, at the cost of a 30fps cap.The lack of love in the game really comes to fruition in the DLC packs, which are good examples of the ♥♥♥♥♥iest game design I've seen out of a AAA game studio since whenever the last Dynasty Warriors game came out. Take most of the grindy collectible activities you do in the main game: pick up statues, destroy surveillance cameras, and drive from Point A to B to C to D. All right, now do that with a different character in four separate stories. The collectible activities are just reskinned: pick up WHISKEY, hack INTO cameras, and of course, drive from Point A to B to C to D, oh and some roads are now closed, making the drives even longer and more pointless. To top it all off, the only rewards in the DLC packs are more experience points (PP). Just more PP, here have some PP! I hit way past max level playing the base game, the rewards are completely useless. You're also essentially a god at max level, and you need to try to die in order to lose a fight, even against bosses. So what's left here? Nothing really. Just a chore.So, then we get to the PC port itself. There's a 30fps cap which you CAN disable with some .ini editing, but that's a mark of a lazy port right there. Unlocking it can cause issues. The game has a few CTD bugs. The Co-op experience is nothing short of a ♥♥♥♥ing nightmare. If you're LUCKY, you'll only get CTD when you host or join another game. The unlucky will have their game hang the whole computer, sometimes requiring a restart. You pretty much have to do alchemy with your game settings until the co-op experience works... MAYBE. I managed to get a single co-op session going after about 2 hours of trying. And although this didn't happen to me personally, there are even higher frequencies of CTD bugs while playing co-op. Woo, zombie slaying with a bud has never been easier...Just kidding. Get Dying Light instead. It's not comical, but at least it's properly fun.If you're a BIG fan of Dead Rising, well, you probably already own this. And if you're still on the fence, it might be worth it on a 75% or higher sale price. Otherwise, it's not a very good game."
76561198338654638,Recommended,265550,27434572,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Star_Legacy,"Comparing to the previous Dead Rising games:1) No loading screens when entering a different area.2) Gameplay is noticably improved, one new touch I personaly like is being able to choose what stat to increase per level up. I also RECOMMEND playing on controler, keyboard and mouse didn't sit well with me.3) Only 2 difficulty modes (Story; which feels like a easy/normal mode or Nightmare; which is clearly hard mode). Don't confuse the online setting after picking either mode (Ex: Compleationist, Speed run or Casual) this is just your online co-op matchmaking perferance. So if you don't want anyone to join your game... then make sure to select ""SINGLE PLAYER"" after picking Story or Nightmare mode.4) There is no Sandbox Mode (Free roam w/o time restrictions) like in Dead Rising 2: off the records, staring Frank West as the Main Character. IMO, story mode offers you plenty of free time to explore in between missions.New things in DR3:1) Craftable vehicals.2) Weapons Locker (the ability to pull out a weapon you picked up before such as a combo weapon or boss weapon).3) A Sprint button.4) The ability to choose what stat to increase per level up.5) Collectable trophies & Magazines (which no longer take up inventory space).Personal Reccomendation:If your new to Dead Rising, for overall story purpouses I would Reccomend playing 1 & 2 first (you can ignore ""Off the Record"" it's non-cannon to the series), but other than that, it's fine if you start off on 3."
76561198005269589,Not Recommended,265550,15778034,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,qefn,"tl;dr: A massive insult to Dead Rising 2A friend of mine and I bought this game, because we really enjoyed Dead Rising 2 and hoped to continue all the fun we had in the third installment of the Dead Rising series. -> Hell, were we wrong. -.-Pros:-> The combo wepons are fun-> The glitches in the physics engine are really funny sometimesCons:-> Bad console port. The optimization that has been done for PC can only be a joke. It worked for me, but the friend I played together with, constantly had crashes, lags and screen freezes.-> Bad controls in the whole game, no matter if you are on foot or in a car-> The variety of combo weapons compared to Dead Rising 2 is a joke at best-> The combo vehicles are totally useless. I mean some of them are fun to use, but they just break too fast. You drive for 2 minutes and your vehicle goes booom.-> The protagonist is a little crybaby. Omg I hated this guy the whole time I played this game and actually didn't want to save him or his friends. xD-> The story is too short. I played through this game in 17 hrs and did every mission that was there to do in the game. (Collectibles and stuff excluded. I don't like to do that.)Conclusion:Sorry Capcom I cannot accept this as a worthy successor of Dead Rising 2 and it is totally not worth it's price."
76561197995104864,Not Recommended,265550,11990359,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Hugabear,Don't bother with it atm. Won't even go past loading screen.
,Recommended,265550,33959048,Posted: 1 August,all,XCOM Mongolia Squad,"It's a casual-style gameplay for the Dead Rising series, let's you take a break from the time-restricted missions from the Dead Rising, Dead Rising 2 and Dead Rising 2 Off The Record. A new feature which introduces outdoor maps which is bigger than the first two(since OTR is similar to DR2) as well as modifications for vehicles. It's a great game for me IMHO and I loved it as it gets better and better since the first one. Although I love the change in gameplay mechanics, I also love that they introduced a new character instead of Frank West since the game's universe could be expanded even further.Overall Summary:Dead Rising - Willamette Mall Zombie slashing FRAAANK-calling survivor simulator.Dead Rising 2 - TIR Chainsaw Biker Stuntman Daddy Babysitting-his-Daughter by giving her presents simulator.Dead Rising 2 Off The Record - Frank West Photojournalist Vacation Sandbox Mode with alternate supporting female character in badass latex suit Simulator.Dead Rising 3 - CAPCOM Original fighting-game style for beating zombies as well as psychopaths with a reference from Street Fighter (Mr. Spec Ops Leader) game with lots of reference and Easter Eggs from said game and other zombie games Simulator.All the game contents are marvellous, but the sad thing is that the Last Agent DLC causes a major glitch which in turn could corrupt your overall game progress, making you stuck at burning biohazard piles of bodies which do not count to having a complete Total Number of Collectables to 447. You will stuck at burning 36 of 40 Biohazard body piles. So, all of your efforts and countless hours of playing would go to waste if you're the perfectionist type of gamer, since the whole savegame is affected and you can't go back to your previous progress.My advice is to make backups of backups before playing DLC4, or in case if you want to play it all over again, begin from DLC4 first, then finish all the rest including Nightmare Mode in Story Mode. When the mission to burn the pile of bodies start make sure to burn the glitched bodies first then do the rest. Overall, all of this won't help you get back your time, but you need to give a little more effort to get that completed perfect savegame with no glitches.All in all, I'll be stopping at Dead Rising 3, because of the glitch I think I'm no longer have the interest to move on to Dead Rising 4. Screw the Last Agent glitch.10/10 Best Dead Rising game ever so far :)"
76561198122807967,Not Recommended,265550,11989429,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,DR.Z0MBi3Z,"Hey, I've loaded, well been trying to load this game for the past 30 minutes I'm using an alien ware core i7 so it should run fine is anyone else having an issue where it won't even go past the loading screen? Oh and guess what the people who like to argue i heard are actually people who work for capcom LOL who knew?"
76561197965966380,Not Recommended,265550,13693976,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Iridius,"Be aware, this game has extremely high system requirements.  I certainly understand why given the amount of zombies on the screen at any given time, but I can't help but feel there is some room for optimization there.  At the very least if they are pushing for a Crysis style ""unattainable to most"" they should do a better job of informing consumers.  As I said, not a problem for me but something to be aware of.The real issue is stability.  I crash 10 min into every coop session I join.  Every time.  The latest patch #5 has not solved the issue.  If you read the discussions on the forums you will see this has been an ongoing issue, among many others, since launch.I am a reliability engineer with a healthy dose of OCD and I am militant about keeping a clean system.  Everything is current gen and top of the line.  I should be the picture of compatibility so I can say with absolute confedence that this is an issue with the game itself.I purchased the game for coop, so this is almost a complete inoperable situation for me but for the fact that I can play as long as I host the game.  Fortunately my coop partner doesnt seem to have the same issue so we have made it work.Another issue is that the game refuses to detect the proper refresh rate on my monitor.  Again, legitimate bug.  Seems to be somewhat rare though, so we can call this one an edge case (unlikely you would encounter it).  My only solution was to load the game on another monitor and find a lower resolution that detected properly so I play the game in 1366x768 rather than the 1080p my system is capable of.  Annoying, but again not a complete loss.Thus far the game itself has been enjoyable.  I like the character progression element, weapon variety, and crafting systems.  By far the best Dead Rising yet on content alone.  Unfortunately I can't recommend this game due to the unresolved stability issues.  My suggestion is to wait until it drops below $10, maybe then they will have sorted out the issues and if not you won't have lost much."
,Recommended,265550,28568908,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,summersdude101,"Got this game just yesterday, December 22, 2016, for a fantastic deal of only $9 and it comes with every single DLC! What a bargain. I am a very die hard Dead Rising fan and zombie game fan overall so this review is legit. This game picks up every aspect of the last 2 Dead Rising games (not including prequels/non canons) and improves upon it massively, except for some of them. The graphics are obviously way better than the last 2, but this means higher demanding specs and let me tell you like everyone else is the optimization is TERRIBLE. Kind of close to DayZ if I'm honest. But that should not stop you from buying this game. The story is meh, definitley not as good as the previous 2 games, but during the end it picks itself up with a surprise return from someone who I won't mention, but if you don't know after 3 years of the game coming out you might as well look it up on YT. Now we get to gameplay, this game definitley has the BEST gameplay of the previous titles, introducing sprinting, being able to carry big things like teddy bears in your inventory, the ability to run and eat, run and shoot etc. but the only complaint I have about the gameplay/combat is that weapons feel very weak in this game, in the previous titles one slash of a broadsword would cut a zombie in half and in real life you would probably expect it to as well, but in this game it is like you just hit them in the stomach with a wooden baseball bat, and that means it feels terrible slashing through zombies with blunt weapons when it should feel amazing, this means that you will be using the new heavy attack button most of the time to kill zombies which will destroy your weapons in around 30 or 40 hits. This is unbelieveable as in other games the weapons were kind of realistic and could last more than 50. With a bigger map means a new way to traverse around the map and with this comes the addition of combo vehicles, much like combo weapons, combine two things and make something completely unrealistic that shoots fire and you can take on zombie hordes. This is probably one of the best additions and most fun for the game. But overall, this game is far from perfect but still a very good pickup for only $9, and I would definitley recommend you purchase it."
,Not Recommended,265550,26190953,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,PewDieSnipars,"Dead Rising 3 has some great ingredients, but somebody at Capcom may have been eager to feed all the hungry mouths at Xbox One launch day in 2013 so they rushed it out the door before it had finished cooking.  The PC version is a bad port of a seemingly unfinished game that already performed poorly on the source console.  To put it non-metaphorically, this game is a mess:CONS - TECHNICAL30fps cap by default - contrary to what some people will tell you, a 30fps cap on PC is not a valid design choice, it's an excuse to cover up poor optimisation.  There is an easy way to remove this cap which can be found on the Internet.Terrible frame rate drops into the low 40s when cap is raised to 60fps (particularly in the Sunset Hills zone, I've noticed)Very noticeable texture pop-inInfrequent but sudden and annoying crashing to desktop (so manually save often!)CONS - GAMEPLAY / DESIGNPoor voice acting (as in almost House of the Dead 2 levels of poor).Incredibly weak and badly paced storyline that completely fails to satisfactorily tie up loose ends from the previous games.Repetitiveness - there are only so many times I can go around collecting the same kinds of collectibles in one game before I completely lose interest.  In addition to the main campaign, the game has four DLC levels and each level just hands you more filler content in the form of collectibles to find, in addition to side missions that require you to collect the same type of item loads of times from all over the map for extra PP and achievements.All that being said, there are certainly some pros:PROSThe timer system, while still technically present, allows you vastly more time to explore and complete side missions than in previous games (in story mode only).Survivors are much more tolerable than in previous games - they don't get grabbed as often, have a lot more health, are better with weapons you give them, and will teleport to catch up with you if you move far enough away (helps with getting them past obstructions, which this game has a lot of).  They are stored on the noticeboards in the safe zones and you can take them back out with you.The weapon and vehicle combo systems allow for some pretty cool combinations that pretty much account for most of the fun that can be had in this gamePRO/CON?Nightmare mode - you get much more of a challenge but you have to deal with the timer system rushing you around again, in addition to losing the ability to save on the pause menu - basically you should save at every bathroom / porta-potty you find because this game does occasionally crash and you'll regret losing your progress when it does.CONCLUSIONStrongest points: weapon & vehicle combos; timer system; survivors; 2-player co-opWeakest points: story; characters; performance; repetitiveness; atmosphereI don't think Dead Rising 3 is an inherently bad game but it certainly doesn't live up to the previous games in the series, particularly 2006's Dead Rising.  I don't know for sure that DR3 was rushed so perhaps this is how it was meant to be, in which case it's simply an unpolished but mildly entertaining game with a shoddy story, but I'd like to believe that it was meant to be better.If you're dead set on getting this game then I recommend waiting until you can get it at sale price.  If you're after it to see how the story concludes then I'm afraid you're likely to be disappointed.For reference, I played through the game with the following specs:i7 4790k @ stockEVGA 980 Ti Hybrid @ +80 GPU / +400 MEM16GB DDR3 1600MHz RAMWindows 10 Pro Anniversary Update"
,Not Recommended,265550,11987071,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Guitaristdave,Appaulingly bad coding/port.  Game wont start on high end laptop (common issue with laptop gaming cards).  Will never buy capcom ports again.  Asshats......
,Recommended,265550,22870086,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ValentinBk,"A review of the blood & gore effects in Dead Rising 3https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KUocIAOk2kVery nice and detailed dismembermentZombie behaviors will change on amputations (legless zombies crawling towards you, love it)Blood spilling is OK-ish and the mess will stay for a while (though not permanent)Biggest downsides are human characters that have no body damage, and bosses that are mainly a pain in the♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,265550,23906126,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,NiBBas In Africa,Dead Rising 3: Apocalypse EditionPros:- Fun (Funny) Gameplay- Open World- Great Graphics- Challenging Gameplay (Not too hard)- Zombies EverywhereCons:- Capped at 30 FPS (Can be fixed)- Poorly Optimized (Laggy with unlocked FPS (GTX 970))- Wonky Camera at times- FOV is limitedVerdict: 8/10Great game but could be better optimized!
,Recommended,265550,12959508,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,CendoJr,"Dead Rising 3, the latest in the costuming zombie killing franchise comes as a port of the XB1 with some mixed feelings due to porting issues.  While the performance isn't ideal, it deosn't hurt the gameplay significantly, and if you can run it it's a fun time.I've played: Story mode through the 'S' ending, some of the DLC, level 40 character, ~25,000 zombies.My rig (all stock)CPU: Intel i5-2300GPU: Gigabyte GTX 770 WindforceRam: 16GBHDD: 5400 rpm green drive (recycled from a NAS box)I set up the game to run at an internal 1080p resolution since I game on my living room TV.  I'm a late purchaser, so all 5 paches are applied.  I had no crashes, bugs, glitches, or other graphical issues.  The framerate is locked at 30FPS, but it was consistent, and as a converted X360 gamer that's around what I'm used to, especially for this series.  I had one startup where things were chugging and dropping frames, but a quick restart fixed that, and I attribute it to the plethora of other software running rather than anything DR3 specific.The story is basic Capcom style, where the game's lore is just kinda slapped on top of the previous iterations and connected where it makes the least sense.  It gets pretty self-referential near the end, but if you're buying this for the story, you're picking the wrong game.Compared to previous DR games the gameplay itself is far less restrictive.  Combo weapons crafting can happen anywhere, saving can happen anywhere, survivors and psychos are almost all optional, and you can make super combos and combo cars.  The super combos get really fun and greatly aid the survival challenges scattered throughout the game, and the combo cars are a requirement if you're going to travel from Pt. A to Pt. B with any reference to the game's internal clock.Speaking of the clock, it's not hard to beat it.  I restarted once, somewhere in Chapter 3, about a day and a half into the game's internal time system.  In previous DR games this would be the first of many restarts, as the time ticked away quickly and often accelerated based on how you were doing.  Not so in DR3.  My second ""start"" saw me getting all the way through Overtime, beating all psychos, finding about 70% of the collectibles, and rescuing about 15 other survivors.  I finished the main portion of the game with a little over 3 days time remaining, which was a bit surprising.The bosses aren't too bad, if you have some combo guns where you need them.  The weapons lockers help restock before hand, a couple of bosses have handy blueprints nearby, and the police sergeant was really thy only one that gave me much trouble.  Most of the time, go in with your rocket punch and you'll finish anyone off easily.  Same story for the seven deadly Psychopaths, and while their attacks were somewhat varied, the dodge roll keeps you out of trouble pretty easily.The zombie slaughtering remains fun, the weapons are more plentiful, and the optional crafting upgrades (use any blung weapon instead of just a crowbar) make combo weapons as pletiful as you want them.  The addition of the combo cars (especially the forkwork or the party slapper) add to the fun.There's plenty to complete for the completionists, plenty to do for the casual, and enough of a horde everywhere you go to add tension even for a higher level character.   If you've got the hardware to run it, it's a fun fun game.  Now if you'll excuse me, I've got a sledghammer that needs to find a fire axe."
76561198019735957,Recommended,265550,32785848,Posted: 25 June,all,Xodis99,"Not sure why people are complaining about this game. I have a rather hefty laptop that has been running it on top quality settings perfectly fine, the only ""problems"" I have been having was the screen going blank for a split second when changing clothes but it's nothing game breaking. So many people are claming it's a bad port but i'm tinking it is just that people do not have strong enough rigs to play it therefore need to blame the game. As for enjoyment, I have played every single Dead Rising game to have come out besides 4 (because it is simply known to be bad and I refuse to buy the game that has killed the series) and simply put, this is turning out to be my favorite. I like the new skill point allocation mechanic so you can choose what you get with each level, I love that I no longer need to find a god forsaken workbench to make combo weapons, the leveling seems fair and the collectables are rewarding enough to want to get them, the survivor AI is actually decent for a change, visually it is appealing. So far I have not found any real complaints about it, it's just a good sequel to the series."
,Recommended,265550,28695484,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Spinky,"I took a chance with Dead Rising 3. My only real experience with the series is about an hour of DR2: Off the Record, and I'd heard a bunch about DR3's shoddy PC port.So I'm happy to say that this is one of the most batshit insane and absurdly enjoyable games I've played in a while. It's so much fun, in fact, that I spent about forty minutes just running around killing hordes of zombies instead of going to my objective at the beginning of the game, and I couldn't believe how much I was loving it. Its enormous amount of weapons, gloriously stupid sense of humour and the fact that it is so devoted to its complete insanity just make Dead Rising 3 a ridiculously entertaining experience.It also has possibly the most impressive and believable representation of a zombie outbreak I've ever seen in a video game - it is absolutely CRAWLING with the things, to the point where it can actually become overwhelming. The sheer number of them is one of the few things that still manages to amaze me after six hours of gameplay, and you should expect to feel at least slightly claustrophobic the vast majority of the time - occasionally you'll have no choice but to get out your sword or your assault rifle or your long floppy sex toy and massacre a bunch of them just to progress.As for the game's performance, it isn't perfect. The framerate is locked to 30fps by default, however it is extremely easy to surpass this and it doesn't require a single download. Despite this, I was still having some cutscenes struggle to stay at 60fps with a GTX 1060, sometimes even dropping below 30fps which is obviously not pleasing to the eye. In actual gameplay however, I've never once had a hugely significant frame drop (or a single crash, for that matter). The game ran at the higher end of 45fps-60fps most of the time. If you have good specs, you probably won't have any hugely annoying issues with Dead Rising 3's performance. But if you don't, it may not be worth it.In addition to the fairly inconsistent performance, another thing to note about this version of DR3 is that it does come with the vast majority of the DLC from the Xbox One version, but it does NOT include the ""Super Ultra Dead Rising 3 Arcade Remix etc etc"" mode for us filthy PC players. Which really is a shame, because it looks absolutely asinine in the best way possible."
,Recommended,265550,25515317,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Color Bars,"Cross dress in hookers high heels, a skin tight skirt, and a gimp mask. Save the day with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a makeshift bludgeon with the head of a traffic signal, or an actuated teddy bear strapped with machine guns. Combine a steam roller and a motorcycle into a fast, flaming implement of death to scorch and smash your way through hundreds of zombies that fill the streets.Oh, and you can do it all with a friend.Whether you've played the series before or not, this is a no brainer. (zombie pun?)It isn't optimized as well as many of us had hoped, but it still runs pretty well. I have it maxed out @ 1080p on my GTX 970 and I spend 85% of my time above 60fps. Occasionally there are dips, but that is to be expected when tearing♥♥♥♥♥through a massive horde of zombies.Thankfully I have never noticed anything game breaking. I think the lowest I have seen my framerate drop is around 45-50fps, and it isn't something that lasts long. Your experience may vary depending on your system, but worst comes to worst I hear the game works perfectly fine if you run it at the console settings. (720p, lower the graphics a bit, basically make it run like the xbone version)There is an FOV tweak available. It allows you to change the FOV to your liking, which really helps with spacial awareness. The stock FOV is pretty tight and uncomfortable for a game like this.Enough reading. Get a friend, grab the game and enjoy. Oh, and the stupid outfits you wear will show up in the cutscenes. Nothing like being told you're a city's only hope for survival while wearing a Blanka mask and daisy dukes."
,Not Recommended,265550,12045706,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Mr. Flamboyant Chimp,"i love Zombie gamesand im a big fan of this oneBUT !!!!on pc... it has lot of problems, the games is just turned into a♥♥♥♥♥♥you can only play with 30fps = you cant play at allseems like capcom had enough money from the pre-orders.... so they dont give♥♥♥♥♥♥anymorenever buy this game till its fixed"
76561198066630773,Not Recommended,265550,12546678,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,bigbro47,"well i would tell you about the gameplay.....if i could play the game, constant crashes and unbearable lag even on the lowest settings. i have not been able to even learn the controlls"
,Recommended,265550,29438757,Posted: 23 January,all,William Shakesman,"(FINAL EDIT: Need to put one last main point atop this review. In DR1 and DR2, you killed zombies to get from point A to point B. They were the obstacle between you and your goal and were not a huge amount of fun to fight otherwise barring some gimmicks. In DR3, low level melee combat is visceral and fun and combo weapons have so much power that Lu Bu would approve of the amount of zombies you can kill in one swing, but almost always with visceral impacts and fun effects. If nothing else, DR3 has really made the zombies so much fun to kill that it's really fun to just pull up the game and kill zombies randomly. That's what is different between DR3 and the first two games. Yes, that costs a lot of what made 1 and 2 memorable, but it is fine for something different. Main review continues below.)A lot of people don't like DR3 that much and I can understand why on some level. Gone are the cozy malls and most of the path-planning you had to do in DR1 and 2. Now you are just grabbing combo weapons and vehicles in some big murky GTA-style city sandbox that is not nearly as interesting because you have no reason to explore the various two room shops and houses as anything that's not a combo weapon is worthless. In every way this feels like a western made game as opposed to the tight Japanese design of DR1. That's not innately a bad thing, but you notice the differences.Plus, the game has adopted the tone of a Scifi Channel b-movie, with wild tonal swings from horror to goofy comedy. When it works, the cheese is great. But it just ends up feeling a little off-putting at times... you know, like a Scifi Channel b-movie. This is especially evident in the bosses, who are purposefully designed to be grotesque and freakish, even more hideous than the zombies.But on those bosses, they are some of the best of the franchise. And I love the DR1 bosses (The non-awful ones) to this day. There's hardly a bad fight in the bunch. Each telegraphs in a smart manner, giving your dodge roll a good workout, each has a clever gimmick that you can exploit to render them vulnerable to a grapple attack. The story bosses are elaborate set pieces in the absolute best possible way. At least three of them surprised me with how clever they were in including some gimmick set piece nonsense into the actual fight. I don't even want to spoil them by describing any of them.The zombie abuse is still strong. The streets are packed with them, hundreds if not thousands, wall-to-wall, to be mowed down by your combo vehicles. In melee, the hits are satisfying and the zombies ragdoll well, and the gunplay is equally as good. Midboss zombies abound to tank hits, again with windups to their attacks for your dodge roll. Bonus points for allowing RT to fire guns or throw weapons at the nearest enemy without having to aim. Just throwing a bat across the room to thunk a zombie is a rare treat.The port... well, I have a very nice computer and I am pretty sure I am not getting 60 FPS. Not much noticeable slowdown though but you are going to need something better than what ran DR2. Don't expect something hugely optimized, but I had no issues. I do not have a discerning eye for this sort of thing though. (EDIT: Let me be a bit clearer, from more experience. I do not think you could look at the framerate of this game and be at all impressed by it. I don't get thrown off by it, but it ain't silky smooth beauty. Not even close. No major performance issues though.)I understand why people might be reluctant to try DR3. It's corny, it's kinda ugly, it's half a world away from the RE4-ish charm that made DR1 so memorable. And it's almost closer to GTA in design than Dead Rising... But give it a chance. If for nothing else, the boss fights are worth experiencing.NOTE: This comes with all the DLC, except that fancy Super Turbo Arcade DLC. That DLC will remain XBONE exclusive sadly.EDIT: Having played more, I have some more thoughts on the matter. The hack and slash zombie bashing gameplay is as strong as its ever been. And this game is stronger than any before in the franchise for really putting you up against an enormous, shambling horde of such magnitude that you wonder if you'll ever see the end of it. Ducking into a store, chasing by hundreds of zombies, and just swinging your way out until all your weapons are broken and you're fighting hand to hand, until everything is covered in zombie gore. These moments, DR3 does amazingly well.I spoke too harshly of non-combo weapons. Combo weapons are all flatly better, but there's no metric that makes broadswords or sledgehammers or other normal weapons worthless. The RT-insta throw turns almost anything into a lethal one-use projectile that's surprisingly fun to use. In addition, being able to combine weapons in the field rids the game of DR2's ""hit up workbenches at every opportunity or else you will be gimped."" Several combo weapons are absurdly strong, and if you play the game optimally with caring to stock only amazing combos, you will never be in any serious danger, but if you avoid cheesing the game quite so viciously, you'll still have a good time. Everything from bosses to zombies is scaled smarter than DR2's ""Knife Gloves or go home"" balancing.The game is at its weakest though when it is just making you drive from one end of the map to the other. The combo vehicles are incredibly strong, but navigating the same highway chokepoints blocking off the islands over and over is just boring, and if you marathon DR3 to try to really slam it out and not stop and enjoy the scrambling zombie slaughter on foot, you will burn out on the game. I did, and it took coming back later and just enjoying myself with it to really see what parts of it were good.Finally, the game offers chapter select, which is a welcome addition for sandboxy play, as well as the DLC missions which have no time limit whatsoever, allowing a full sandbox experience."
,Recommended,265550,12019319,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Eraserhead,lol gg works 4 me lel
,Not Recommended,265550,11991112,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Dr. Ricky,holy ♥♥♥♥ this is a bad port
76561198019366608,Recommended,265550,12015217,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Gray_Paladin,"Dead Rising 3 is a blast! As other reviewers have said, there are indeed truckloads of zombies, and there are some pretty exotic ways to mow them like grass. Because I didn't play the earlier games carefully, I faced a bit of a learning curve here, most especially with things like the map and getting a feel for the distinct flow of this game, which rewards you for running all over town. As I have finished chapter 3, I'm already feeling like I want to go back to the beginning and play it better.There are other elements that are just crazy fun. DR3 has the paper doll thing going maybe wilder even than Saints 3 and 4. And because items don't show up in your warddrobe till you've selected them when you find them -- which then puts them on -- the game rewards you for willy-nilly putting on goofball ensembles. Check my screenshots: welding mask plus sci-fi princess exotic outfit turn you on? White fedora on your swat uniform, and wrong color boots that are too short? How about a sombrero to go with that kung-fu gi and skater jeans? It is a riot.One meaningful critique is that the control model of this series has always been weird for me. Your hero will swing religiously in the wrong direction till you turn him around, and the controls are different for that -- and feel loosey -- compared to some other FPS's (e.g., Dishornored and DE:HR). Another feel/ambiance critique is that your character, Nick, on the streets is an absolute bada**!!! He is slaughtering like a demi-god -- by end of Day 4 I was at 10,000 zombies killed (!!!), but when you get to the cut scenes, he is so mousy!!!! The scenes would fit better with Mad Max or The Man Without A Name, or someone who could do what this guy does with SUCH power!This game is an instant favorite. Even though it's got a linear story line, I will play this one more than once.  And for all you completionists, getting all the recipes, etc., will keep you exploring! Excellent!"
,Recommended,265550,12018789,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Dusty Bronco,"Great game, D-grade port.Let's start with the positive. This game is a LOT of fun. If you enjoyed Dead Rising 2, you'll enjoy this game. If you haven't played it, imagine that you're stuck within quarantine with thousands of thousands of zombies, plenty of tools at your reach (ranging from rakes to car batteries to assault rifles), and a lot of ingenuity. The draw of this game is your ability to combine even the most mundane things into an amazing weapon. Got an animatronic bear and an assault rifle? Boom - Rambo Bear sentry gun! Got a katana and a rake? Now you have a rake made out of katanas. I won't spoil any more of those, because part of the appeal is really seeing what crazy combinations exist.Something else that's new is the addition of vehicles - because the map is so much bigger, you'll find it most convenient to just drive from point A to B. The creative weapon combination system exists with vehicles, as well - and though I haven't discovered too many of them yet, they add another whole layer of fun to the game. Some of them are adept at trimming whole zombie hordes down, and it feels satisfying.The story is just kind of ""there."" I haven't finished it, but it occupies this kind of middle ground between ""a well-written story"" and ""a chore to endure."" Honestly, it just kind of exists. It's not BAD, and the acting and voiceovers are actually pretty good. This isn't a game that you play for the story, and it's not a game you play in spite of the story. It's just kind of standard fare, but that's okay, because it wasn't really the selling point anyway.The game also functions as an RPG, with you gaining experience for zombie kills, quest completions, and event completions. Improvised weapons gain more EXP with how unique they are, and level-ups let you dump skill points into various trees. All of the benefits seem pretty helpful. It's brought the game a long way from Dead Rising 2's ""everything breaks almost immediately and weapons have no ammo."" That's a slight annoyance, by the way - the protagonist still doesn't know how to reload weapons. If you're out of ammo, the gun seemingly explodes in your hand, with even your character taken aback by it (and that opens you to attacks during the ""whoa"" frame, which is pretty annoying). If you have a pistol with 3 ammo, if you run over the same pistol out in the open, you won't replenish ammo. You can actually have, say, three pistols in your inventory, all with seperate ammo pools. It's really kind of annoying. There's no way to refresh ammo other than running across the weapon again - but since you can regain all of any weapons you've picked up for free at safe houses, it's a minor annoyance.Now, let's get to the bad...If you save someone, they may choose to follow you. You have no choice. You can't tell them to go away until you reach a safe house. The problem is, your followers CAN die, and they're also hit by friendly fire. Some of the weapons in the game aren't exactly easy to control, and I've found myself chipping away at follower HP and sending them across the room on more than one occasion. The first follower I recruited seemed like a good recruit...until their terrible AI meant they wandered into a zombie horde without a weapon and just died. That was it. Permadeath. They won't even pick up weapons on their own, meaning you need to hand them everything (and they can be picky, too!), and you will need to hand them food so that they may recover. The ""posse"" or ""group"" or however they named it feature really kind of sucks. At its best, they just serve as a target other than you for bosses.Next is the port itself. It just isn't very good. For example, it's currently not possible to change the FoV - and the FoV, combined with the terrible camera if you use a gamepad (as recommended by the devs to fully enjoy the game) leads to a frustrating control experience. Also, the game is 30 FPS by default. During normal gameplay there were a few moments I noticed this, but I really noticed it when going through my screenshots - plain and simple, most of my screenshots came out blurry. It's so bad that I'm not sure if the game actually looks like crap and I haven't noticed or if the low FPS has just smudged all of the textures in the game in screenshots. You need a decent GPU to even run the game, but if you want a 60 FPS experience (like EVERY OTHER PC GAME) you need a higher-end GPU. Still, because I've barely noticed the difference in-game, it's not that much of an issue. FoV is a major problem and even .ini hacking to fix it should be regarded as a REQUIREMENT to launch on PC.What surprises me, though, is the day 1 problems. My game was crashing every ten to fifteen minutes. It turns out that I'm supposed to use NVidia drivers from March 2014. Okay. The misleading thing is that the game's devs have been streaming PC footage for months, now, and people seem to be experiencing problems that the devs never have. They were actually surprised to hear about NVidia desktops crashing the game, and the devs are currently ""looking into it."" Also, the game interestingly has a myriad of problems on laptops, which is kind of surprising. I fully expect all of this to be patched out, but having to re-do the intro five times with a bug that the devs have conveniently never seen has left a little bit of a bad mark.Also, the game has launched with four of DR3's minor DLC packs (for free!) which is kind of nice. There was a neat-looking expansion, but Capcom may pull the ""We doubt you PC players will appreciate this, so it's an Xbox exclusive"" card again (and then release it years later). Who knows. They've said there are no current plans for it to land on PC.All in all, this is a GREAT game, but you will have to enjoy it in spite of its flaws."
76561198072469350,Not Recommended,265550,11991212,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Corporal App's (`' ),"A crashing mess....... it needs a lot of work on the optimization side of things.Was looking forward to this game, but just isn't playable in it's current state. :("
,Recommended,265550,12242349,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Warhol,"Capcom, PLEASE learn from this experience and PROPERLY test your games on the FULL RANGE of hardware you anticipate your game to be on. There are companies that do this for a living (and even people willing to do it for free).After nearly three weeks, it looks like we're out of the woods as far as crash and driver related issues. If you have a lesser rig, it may be some time before optimization work brings this thing's requirements out of the sky for you.The single player combo weapon mayhem is a blast, and it becomes an absolute rip n tear fest with a friend and a potential posse of 4+ AI survivors on your side. Verticality to an open world city, sprinting, and little to no loading screens during play are a welcomed addition.Although diehard Dead Rising fans will no doubt claim this to be much more casual than the original, I would say this game has avoided the fate of many other sequels. The psycho bosses are much less of a challenge, mostly due to the combo weapons being incredibly powerful.Ultimately this is a great coop game and a great single player game. For $34 for the Apocalypse Edition, it's an alright deal.P.S.The game plays great with both a keyboard or 360 input supporting controller."
76561198037249706,Recommended,265550,28663214,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Death Shmeth,So bought this in the steam winter sale. This is my first dead rising game ive played. This is sooooooooooo much fun. Really loving this game. Cant put it down. A big thumbs up. Who doesnt like killing zombies in a gimp suit !
,Recommended,265550,15912686,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,BuFFu™ PC IS FRIED,"this game is so fun i don't care about the fps lock on it (honestly i don't know why people do, guess there just spoiled) if you like driving over thousands of zombies make ridiculous weapon combinations and vehicles this is for you. They got rid of that annoying timer from the last games so you can explore n ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up. You can turn it on by playing nightmare mode but that's only if you want to... ill give it a 8 just cause i had so much fun killing them zombies"
76561198079235897,Not Recommended,265550,11989240,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,SherlockHolmes,Keeps crashing.  This needs to be fixed. I am using windows 8.1.
,Recommended,265550,11994248,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,JohnGotti,"Atm they rly need to Patch those Cutscenes... Even with a powerfull Rig. Its all in Shocks As soon i turn ShadowPlay on. Maybe its something with Nvivia.. Other then that (Damn damn damn) Srr for the swearing but this game just Rocks like hell. When you need a change or just want to blow off some ""Steam"" ;-) just start up DeadRising3 and start Smashing, Smash smash and eumm yea well smash some more or was it Crash some more?. I just rly hope we get a fix/patch soon.Dont get me wrong but good work on that one.. even if i need to wait a little to play.. This game will be played.So for those rly in doubt maybe wait till you see the reviews change to ""yiiihaaaaaa"""
,Recommended,265550,28966220,Posted: 2 January,all,Luisfius,"Unfortunately, this game does not have Frank West and photography.Or this DLC:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lKs0NjEsqQYOther than that, it is a fantastic romp.  Flexible, accessible, fun zombie murder sandbox.Expanded vehicle hndling,  on-the-field weapon and item (AND VEHICLE!) combination, full voice acting.Fun.Apparently Dead Rising 4 is even more accessible and sandboxy, but so far this is a fantastic game even though the color palette is not as colorful as the one used in the first two games."
,Recommended,265550,29668208,Posted: 3 February,all,ParadiseOfChaos,i didn't really care about the 30 fps cap or the bad optimalisation. I wanted to have a good time with a okay story and a lot of ways to kill zombies. and for that its perfect. I think it would be even better with friends
76561198132193589,Recommended,265550,15863505,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,MasonTheHog,"this game is fun and intresting to play. Its adventure full of blood. but u need a decent pc or else the game is horrible.i rate9/10Pros:its zombiesU can drive the carsYou dont focus on one thing, there are side missionsand blood :Dcons:buggyported directly from xbox to pc"
76561198010343462,Recommended,265550,12077098,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Okra,"DR3 is the generic Zombie story that you would expect it to be. The infection spread, you are a survivor and of course, immune to this plague. You play Nick, a mechanic genius that can combine pretty much anything together to create the ultimate weapon. The story is nothing new and the quests are repetitive. Most of the time, you will need to go fetch something for someone and that thing is always at the other side of the map. However, getting to the objective is the fun part of the game. This is where you will eradicate thousands of zombies in your way. There is a timer in the game to escape the city in like 6 days, but it's long enough to enjoy the story line, the side quests and maximum carnage. Completing chapters of the story will sometime fast forward the clock to fit with the plot but you will never feel in a rush to move forward until the last chapters. While you play the story, you will receive optional side quests to help survivors and you will be rewarded with experience, companions and/or weapons. With certain skills you will be able to have more than one companion at a time, and you can also equip them with basic weapons. Multiple collectables are scattered across the map that will give you exp and other perks. Also, when Nick levels up, he gains points to distribute in a good range of skills to adapt your playstyle. There is also multiplayer where you can play co-op and some other modes (I personally did not try multiplayer yet)Now let's talk about zombies. There's a ton of zombies everywhere, and the fact that you can have a thousand zombies on screen is epic. Hacking and slashing through a sea of zombies is the most satisfying feeling you will ever have in a zombie game.  The world is open, with almost no loading involved (except for the initial loading, the loading if you die and some story moments (btw, loadings are kinda long)). As you progress in the story, more zombie types emerge that increase the challenge.  Of course, Nick knows how to build, and he builds good stuff. THe variety of weapons that can be found is great and the different blueprints available for combos and super-combos weapon is awesome. If you want to destroy a zombie with a flower pot, you can do it, but you can also do it with a motorcycle mixed with a Steamroller. There are a lot of choices at your disposition. No matter what you choose you will feel overpower and you will love it.I recommend this game to any Deadrising Fans and zombie fans in general. I also recommend to have a very good PC to run it so you get the best experience. There's some fix that can be used to unlock the 30fps cap if you think your computer can handle it. Be aware that some people experience crashes and other problems with the game, so look at the game community for fixes or see if someone with a equivalent rig as yours have any issue."
76561198211819900,Recommended,265550,22905292,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Snipes,"Dead Rising 3 has it's ups and downs but overall I enjoyed this game. Lots of people had issues running the game and the optimization is bad not the greatest port but still a very enjoyable game with some tweaks if you can run it. Me personally I never had a single problem with the game except the 30fps cap which you can easily remove with some tweaking. Honestly this game did not impress me as much as the last few games in the series being the original along with Dead Rising 2, and Off The Record. I feel like the past games in the series were much more enjoyable and interesting then Dead Rising 3. Basically Dead Rising 3 is the story of Nick Ramos in Los Peridos as he struggles to survive in the big open city fighting through lots of zombies as him and his fellow friends try to find a way out of the city before the military arrives and fire bombs the place. Like I mentioned yes the game takes place in a big open world me personally I like the whole idea of a shopping mall introduced in the previous games when I saw the whole new open world didn't really impress me or make me like it at all. The story line is pretty boring and vague but it does make references towards past games in the series. There are lots of new weapons and vehicles at your disposal along with combo vehicles which is introduced in the game. There is also a whole new level system where there is different trees and perks in it. But overall the system remains the same co-op and what not. Although you have a week to escape and solve all the cases rather then 72 hours being the only change I have seen unless you are doing Nightmare mode you also don't have to escort survivors anywhere in this game they find safety on their own. The zombrex system is also removed along with the money system. Overall Dead Rising 3 was still an enjoyable game for me being I did play through it co-op with my girlfriend I recommend playing through it with a friend to really get the full enjoyment and experience out of it. Personally I don't think it's worth the $50 I'd wait till it goes on sale but I enjoyed the previous Dead Rising games rather then number 3."
,Recommended,265550,26027131,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Strawberry Milkshake,"I honestly had no problems. If you do and can look past them, then you won't regret it. You get your money's worth with the  DLC packaged in."
,Recommended,265550,23881495,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BOO!!-tsy,Most negative reviews seem to be problems with performance that this game was notorious for at launch. It seems as though they have patched most issues since then.My friend and I play this Co-op and so far it has performed just fine. Very fun game. Tons of upgrades amd weapons. Also it feels more like a sandbox with little to no pressure to complete missions within a time limit. You can go at your own pace and mess around with all the cool stuff.The only down side (for me) is you don't have to escort survivors to a safe house anymore.
,Recommended,265550,29707370,Posted: 4 February,all,hodgeworth,"Different from its previous titles, it has a more western feel to it. It is not as linear and enclosed as its predecessors. I personally enjoy the more open-world feel to it and the seamlessness of it."
,Recommended,265550,12019907,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,My name is not important,"Pros:Zombies en-masseMaking weaponsMaking vehiclesInteresting weapon combinationsNo superzombiesEndless slaughterZOMBIES DON'T SPRINTCons:Ridiculously overpowered weaponsGrinding zombie mobs can be exploited to reach Lv30 in a matter of hours, with the right combo weapons. (e.g. grim reaper, electric staff)Vehicle combos trivializes the zombie apocalypseBland and forgettable characters and story.All things considered, I never bought this game for the story (city destroyed, lotsa zombies around, military are the bad guys AGAIN) I just wanted a zombie game that didn't include random players sniping new players for a laugh.And when I heard that there wasn't a damn kid needing to be fed zombrex every 2 hours, I was simply delighted.Crafting new weapons, especially quirky, interesting weapons like these, has always had an appeal to me.Do you like this axe? Yes. Like it better with fire? No. How about a voice that says quirky videogame one-liners? Sure!Teddybear with a machinegun that you can put on a wheelchair to act as a mobile turret, lightning / ice / fire staff, blow up zombies with your voice...All in all, I think the game is fun, but not that engaging. I log in, kill my fill of zombies and quit the game. I think it would've been a lot better without the constant threat of time running out, but I guess otherwise, people would never play the boring storyline.Multiplayer suffers from no text chat and constantly on microphone. I had to go through a few hours of ""getting to know"" the family members of the guy that had joined my game randomly. They had a couple arguments, the baby cried a bit, there was a door being slammed, and the guy never stopped to wonder if his microphone was on or off.I don't regret buying it, but honestly, it wasn't worth its price. Give it some time, see if the price goes down."
,Recommended,265550,25953813,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Smurfson,"I really do not understand why people gave this game a bad rep. Maybe because mack then it was hard to play due to poor optimization, but even still this game was not that hard to play for me... Just had to bump down a few settings here and there and it was fine. Now, with my new 1070 I decided to replay the game again and see what i think. I am still working on the story, but I mean it is a fun game. Graphically, even with things on ultra, the game does not look that good, but like at the same time it is very beautiful. The gameplay feels liek any other Dead Rising, and this was the first Dead Rising I bought on PC so YAY!! I recommend it honestly, it's not that bad!!"
,Recommended,265550,12006818,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,"Bane, His Holyness","Great game, easily a 9/10, the gameplay is about as close to perfect as you can get, the kills still feel satisfying (22,00 zombie kills later), the crafting is simple yet balanced due to duration of the the crafted weapons, and the variety of craftable and weapons is really amazing. The vehicles handle fairly well but, takes some getting used to, to say the least, even after fimiliarity with this game, the physics seem a little strange but none the less the craftable vehilces is what the vehicles feature is all about in the first place and as long as you manage to not hit anything, crafted vehicles are even more satisfying experience than being on foot if a little clunky. Finally the graphics and controllers, played with a ps4 controller and everything worked great however the camera breifly at times, was a little finiky, and walking on narrow pathways such as scafolding and such was very difficult. and frustratingly prone to falling off said scafolding. The graphics were definatley better than i expected, game shudders at times however no worse than anyother pc port,have had very little issues maybe one major freeze up (3seconds or so) every 75 mins, but the number of zombies on screen more than makes up for it, sometimes it feels like there is almost an infinite amount of them to fight and the sheer number of them on screen is very impressive.Almost no techincal issues that some poeple have gotten in my playthrough so far my specs are, Sapphire 7970 amd 8350 and crossfire 16 gb of ddr3 ram, framte rate when unlocked hovered around mid to high 40s, however prefer the default of 30 for consitancy."
,Recommended,265550,12017367,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,SnowGecko,"With the brash Surge of zombieclype games out there the Genre has grown tired a boring as even a game concept now a days. Dead Rising does everything right. the experince the kick backs and witty remarks are a great mesh. and the sense of fear reminds me of a Romaro thrill ride. there is enough of the old Dead rising games here that makes it still feel familiar, but the new has changed it for the better. i highley suggest the title to anyone."
,Recommended,265550,12478738,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Candy Danii 💘,"WOO, i'm glad they finally brought this to PC because god damn I'm sick of waiting and there's no bloody way in hell i'm gonna waste 400 dollars on a piece of s*%t Xbone I'll touch one or two times and then probably sell it later on in life anyway.  Ok enough whining lets get on with it shall we?PROS:A much larger world: This city is pretty damn huge I must say, I still spend constant hours wondering around and looking at all of the shops that they have and even though I've gone through the whole city there are still areas that I haven't even noticed or seen and I was wondering what's in there.More combo weapons: There's a crapton of combo weapons now, around 100 or so if I remember correctly, that's a lot of combo weapons to make and blueprints to try and find, considering they are scattered throughout the entire god damn map.More interesting Characters: This kind of goes to most of the group, to be honest I felt a lot more connected to every character that was with Nick or had relations to Nick, cause when I played Dead Rising 2 I honestly didn't give a single almighty f%$k about any of the characters around Chuck or any relations he had with them, to me they were just another character.Dlck, you're partner(Considering D.I.C.K. is banned on reviews, every ""i"" is replaced with a lowercase L): Yup, if you play Co-op you get a partner named Dlck, and he's pretty freaking hilarious, they are both in cutscenes most of the time, except for like Pyschos and stuff, Dlck is mainly there in the main story cutscenes though, so at least he's actually got a part in the story now.A better story (I suppose, SPOILER WARNING!): This is capcom we are talking about so them making a good story is about as likely as a snowball lasting more than 10 seconds in HeII.  OK SPOILER TIME, you know the drill, scroll down or tear out your eyes for a little bit.  Apparently Isabela Keyes (That woman from the first Dead Rising game) caused a outbreak in Los Perdidos because she wanted to find Nick to make a cure for the disease altogether, considering Nick is immune to the virus fully, she wanted to find him so she could help cure everyone else who was sick, much better than the rest which is when they do it for money or some BS like that.The Seven Sin Psychopaths: Apparently, and I didn't realize this till today (the day this was made) each Psychopath is actually a Sin from the Seven Deadly Sins.  Even though I f%$king despise Catholics, christians and the like, I have to admit that's pretty damn neat they would include something like that, each Psycho is based off a sin apparently, and after I read up on them I puzzled them together and it made sense, that's a damn good job on that Capcom.Combo Vehicles: This was interesting, apparently there are vehicles you can combine together to mow down zombies, and it was pretty damn fun to run them all over in a motorcycle with a steamroller wheel attached to the front of it with flames you can shoot out.  Although some don't make sense, like the first one you make is a steamroller with a tiny car and you somehow get a armored Van with a gun on the roof with blades on the sides but whatever I suppose.Still crazy clothing options: Yup, more ridiculous clothing options, some actually look quite nice on Nick or Dlck, but of course there's always those few that look just outright stupid on them, or really femmy clothing, gotta give Capcom credit on their crazy minds I suppose.No crashes for me: I don't know why everyone is whining about it crashing for gods sake, I haven't had a single problem except for Optimization issues and that's called TURNING DOWN THE GRAPHICS, seriously, I've turned down the shadows and other stuff and it runs fine.  As for crashing, I don't have any, because i've played dead rising 2 and OTR and they both crashed a good bit, I haven't had one problem with this.  PLUS, they even admitted it was their fault for others crashing, that takes a lot of balls to do something like that, give em a f^%kin break.CONS:Optimization issues: Before anyone whines, I don't think graphics are better than story and such, but i'd also like a game to look decent at least, but, I have no clue if this is just me or whatever, but for some reason I can't run this game on high, well I can but most settings I have to turn down, it still looks really nice, just doesn't make sense why I turn down the sky and mirror effects with some shadows I somehow get no lag but the minute I turn on mirror or Sky effects it gets laggy as f%^k, yet I can run Serious Sam 3 on max with no problem, HOW DOES THIS WORK?!No Free Roam Mode?!: This is a nitpick I suppose but...There isn't a free roam mode without a time limit, NOW BEFORE ANYONE WHINES, I think there is enough time to do a lot of crap in the game, I get that.  But I don't like being on a time limit, why couldn't they just put in another mode where you have infinite time AFTER you beat the game's story?  Like you beat the storymode with a S rank and you get a free roam mode so you don't have a damn time limit.Some really stupid Combo Weapons: Some of the combo weapons are just totally useless, like the Pukes o Hazard, or the Pummel Blast, it's kind of like why even bother putting these in here if there is another 50 weapons that can be 3x better than those?Bosses can be really easy: Apparently Bosses can be the easiest thing to beat in the world if you get a Combo Assault rifle and just shoot him, I mean COME ON, that's no fun, the fun in the other games was trying to figure out the Pyscho's pattern and hit him when you could, now it's just stand back, shoot him a lot, dead, where's the fun?  It just seems way too easy now, even bosses that have a crapton of health are easy to take down with it.  There is one fight where you get all you're weapons swiped and you have to fend for yourself which was pretty neat, but it was only one time.Have to do story to unlock side activities: This was stupid, at least to me, you have to do the story to unlock the side missions and Pyscho's instead of, you know, waiting for the timer and then it popping up and then you go do it, most of the time when I beat the game I felt like I was just rushing through the story so I would be able to do the side activities, and in the other games you just had to wait till it hit a certain time and then it would pop up for you to do.Need blueprints to create Combo's: Well this is ridiculous, you can't just combine things together anymore, now you need the Blueprint to actually make it, no blueprint, means it's not even makeable, so now you can't just mash s%^t together and expect to get something out of it, which kind of sucks considering that's what I used to do in Dead Rising 2 a lot, just seems pointless to me.WHAT I THINK:I am glad this came out for PC cause there is no way in heII i'd get it for a piece of junk Xbone, and since I can play it with my friends and have a damn good time just screwing around and killing everyone then it's a great time waster, much better than Dead Rising 2 OTR which would f^&king crash at Uranus zone half the DAMN TIME.  Overall, I give it a 7/10, it's really fun don't get me wrong but all the problems and things my friends and myself hate kind of interfere with the game a little, get it when it's a little bit cheaper, maybe about 40 bucks or so."
,Not Recommended,265550,12182763,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Brody,"This game was clearly not ready to be released on PC. Its a mixture of FPS drops, crashes, and overall the main character feels so sub par compared to the previous protagonists in the series. There are fun parts here and there but when you back up to look at the game, some of the flaws really stand out. I really wonder how they brought the performance of the game down so much compared to the last one. My suggestion is buy this game on a sale and when its probably had a lot of the bugs patched out. My game crashed from simply trying to close it."
,Recommended,265550,16873216,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,WonderWaX,Really good game and no issues on highest settings. coop is a lot of fun with friend. there is kind of little amount of easy bosses (7).They Should make DeadRising movie or another game10/10
,Recommended,265550,12402329,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Genx,"GPU: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 680CPU: intel core i5-4460 3.20GHzRAM: 8GBMonitor resolution: 1920 x 1080, 60HzMy driver version: 344.11Operating system: Windows 7 Ultimate, 64-bitHard drive: over 50GB available space.These are almost the recomended specs needed for this game to run at high quality pretty fast with little/no lag while playing.DR3 works very smooth and fine at high settings in single player with other people that have the same specs as I have, but for me even at low settings gets bit lagy at the menu and then gets much more lagy while playing and becomes almost unplayable no matter what i change in the settings and I re-installed it 2 times still have the lag issues.I hope u guys fix this.Atleast tell me what to do to get rid of this lag."
,Not Recommended,265550,32830743,Posted: 26 June,all,aimlessnerd,"Decently fun game, what to expect from a DR game really.Any remaining preformance issues 3 years in are fairly easy to brute force so I never noticed that besides cutscenes and loading screens having horrible framerate jitters. Real problem is flickering the screen whenever you change clothing or get in and out of a vehicle, with no fix or apparent cause. Same with the loading screens."
,Not Recommended,265550,11990657,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Hatchet,crashes.
76561197978590698,Recommended,265550,12007373,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,B0rg,"The GOOD:Best zombie game, best game of 2014, and the best game on my list by far.  It's the only  titled i've purchased in my Steam Library that I paid anything above $22 and I don't regret the $45 preorder whatsoever.  Go buy, go buy!The BAD:***  UPDATE:  ignore the post below.  The new drivers 344.11 works perfectly and it provides better framerate.  Vertical sync needs to stay off if your PC can't handle newer titles.  Google search the means of unlocking the 30fps barrier if your PC is equal or better than mine (specs below).***  Some people have issues with nvidia graphics cards.  I was using beta drivers ~340.xx and the game crashed many times.  Anyhow, use 344.11.  Also, alt-tab unfriendly game.  FPS dips to 35fps randomly on an overclocked 4.5ghz i2500k/MSI GTX760 2GB/8Gigs of RAM/Vertex 3 SSD but that's life.Can't talk, still playing Dead Rising 3."
76561197967845877,Recommended,265550,13946470,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,[EF] Antipathy,"I was a little reluctant to buy this game after reading reviews of poor performance and an inadequate porting, but I took the plunge anyway. I'm no huge fan of the series, I had purchased and played dead rising 2 but found I didn't have enough time to carry out missions and explore as much as i'd like as  I was always on the clock. I played around 7 or 8 hours of dead rising 2 before moving on to something else - This didn't seem an issue this time round.So far I've played 20 hours and only just completed the main game (I didn't look for anything additional for trophies - not really my bag). I've just started the ""untold stories"" which will add another few hours game-time at least.I saw no noteable performance issues beyond the occasional framerate stutter when lots of zombies were around (but my machine is getting a little old now so I would largely expect that anyway).What was perhaps more interesting was that I encountered no bugs or crashes whatsoever.Would recommend this game to anyone - fun, light-hearted and full to bursting (sometimes literally) with zombies."
,Recommended,265550,34324351,Posted: 18 August,all,Nickalicious,"Worth getting now that it is on sale.Right now I have 7 hours in the game and I highly recommend it. I have played every Dead Rising but the 4th and so far this is my favorite. The only issue I see along with everyone else is of course the 30 fps lock which absolutely sucks. However, with a couple tweaks here and there with the graphic settings I was able to get the game to run suprisingly smooth. I really like how the timer is almost non-existent, like its slow enough to let you do all or most of the side missions and main quest and still give you time left over to kill some zooombies!!Pros:- Lots of weapon Blueprints- Somewhat Interesting Side Missions- Lot's of vehicles to run over zooombies- Crazy Bosses (literally)- Good selection and variety of weapons- Lots and lots of zombies!!!Cons:- 30 FPS lock (really capcom)- Dumb Bosses-Mediocre storyline"
,Not Recommended,265550,11989259,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Jason Voorhees,"PLEASE READ ENTIRE REVIEW!!!EDIT: i upgraded my computer to a MUCH BETTER RIG that can run the game at a half decent framerate, 30-60 depending on the action, however the game just isnt engaging, its not fun. at the time of writing, the game is on sale for about 30 dollars, get it now and maybe it wont be a complete dissapointmentok, my LAPTOP isnt great, it has an integrated graphics chipset thing and an I7 processor. however in the past, ive been able to run games like farcry 3 on higher settings just fine. i preordered this game a while back, excited for a PC release, but towards its release date i heard from people who got it already, such as people in japan, that it was a terrible port. because of this, i assume, even more beefy computers can have problems. i ran this on lowest settings, in a window, via alt+enter btw since theres no option in the menu to change it, and it ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was slow, and it lagged constantly. of an interesting note, the GUI stuff, like health bar, notifications, and markers for the food items in the beginning, all dont have any lag.because of this, the game is unplayable. now, if capcom decides to help its PC goers, and patch this up, optimize it, etc. to where its in a bit more working order, i may change this review, but as it stands, on a low end laptop, this game is unplayable, and so i can not recommend it unless you have a beefier rig.EDIT: after another update, which im sure didnt fix anything for me, i tried the game again, i noticed that really the only thing that freezes at all is the map, zombies, characters, etc...hitting escape during a freeze will still lead to a non-laggy, though a bit slowed down, pause menu. im not really sure what this means, but whatever it is, fix it capcom...please.good day."
76561198066401987,Not Recommended,265550,11990865,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Zeratul,"Going to be Honest, Killing Zombies is great everyone loves it, But game crashes are a nightmare, at least every 5-10 mins. If this was an Indie game it would be slated and not given the time of day, sadly I still want to kill some zombies, a fix would be nice.First impressions 6/10gameplay 3/10 *FIx crashes would be 8/10Zombies 10/10Again I want to stress it will be a good game.... just when it stops crashing"
,Recommended,265550,12032324,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Devil Dawwg,Addictive as ♥♥♥♥. Best zombie sandbox game by far!
,Recommended,265550,12034642,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Fungo,"As far as crashing goes, it's not that bad. I had some crashes at start-up, when quitting game, and when going to the survivor bulletin board. The game autosaves so chances are you won't lose much progress and by the time you read this, I'm sure these issues have been patched.As far as the game goes, it is definitely a fun open world zombie game. It's not as good as the past games mostly due to the less interesting story and characters and lack of challenge in story mode, but as far as gameplay is concerned is much more polished than the last games. The controls are perfect and are very responsive. Killing zombies have never been more fun with the plethora of weapons and unique combinations. You can combine vehicles now to get a huge variety of zombie killing machines. If the game didn't feel like a bunch of side-missions strung together to form a complete game, I'd give it a higher score.More than anything I have a problem with the color pallette and desaturation. The games were originally based off George Romero and his color films tend to be really bright and colorful, which explains why Dead Rising games have always been this way, but now with the lack of color and more serious tone, I find it hard to spot useful items and weapons from a distance. Speaking of which, it's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to pick up the item you want when there are multiple because you have to both face your character towards the item and center that item on the screen. I have juggled multiple items because of this.Otherwise good game and the crashing isn't that bad and can be fixed / tolerated by going through this troubleshooting guide:http://www.crashwiki.com/10-fixes-dead-rising-3-apocalypse-edition-crashes-lag-black-screen-d3d-dll-error-untold-stories-dlc/"
,Recommended,265550,12026647,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Dan,"Completed this game so this is my experience and my opinion, Everyone's complaining about crashes and frame rate drops and a load of other stuff like the game won't even start, That put me off from buying the game but then i just thought you know what i'll take the chance, I'm using an amd graphics card and I've had one crash and it made my pc turn off, i can start the game perfectly and it runs smoothly, but on one area of the game where there's the most amount of zombies i get a huge fps drop for a few seconds then it's fine, you can't quit this game it will just freeze so you have to end it by bringing task manager up.With that out the way, This is the most fun zombie killing game i've ever played, I love the dead rising series and they keep improving, This one is my favourite, the things i really like is the leveling and the attribute points you gain to spend on different skills to get unique upgrades and bonuses, There's 105 Weapon combinations and there's super combinations, there's tons more weapons and guns, There's vehicles everywhere to roam around in and you can can make combo vehicles and wow these are just incredible, there's a huge map to explore and you're always outside roaming in vehicles other than being stuck in a mall on foot like in dr2, The character customization on this game is huge and alot of fun drsssing up and finding clothing! There's colletables around the map to pick up, blueprints, and tragic endings which all give you pp (xp) I actually enjoyed the story quite alot and loved the characters, there's a big shocker on the last chapter what left me with my jaw dropped for a few minutes :O It's a great experience and you'll have alot of fun playing it, the dlc is very short which is upsetting and now i've completed it i can go back on chapters and play it again but keep my current level and i just wish there was an option to carry on from the end and just free roam and do every single side mission, or unlock a new game+ with extra bonuses the second time through so it would give me a reason to complete it again, For any dead rising fan this is a must buy i'm probably gunna go back on it and get all achievements so i have something to do and just have fun being on the game9/10, I'd give it a 10 if the story was longer, there wasn't a time limit in which you had to do missions, there was more stuff to do after completion such as new playable characters or even your own created one, different game modes other than story, Followers are useless because when i go back to chapter 0 after i completed the game i lost them all and don't see the point in them now, Sometimes i wonder if game developers even play their games because a hardcore gamer like many of us could easily make any game better than it already is if we were in charge.updated- Just had my second crash in the graveyard this time which froze the game and i had to end .exe using task manager.2nd update- Yet another crash, writing this good review has gave me bad luck."
,Recommended,265550,12017790,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Arteniis,"Well, I'm having a lot of fun with this game, If you have good Computer I will recommend you this game===== No issues yet, just FPS problems =====I will give it 8/10Gameplay  9/10 - It's fun to smash zombies with tons of weapons, but smash them with style? cmon 9/10 It's awesome!Graphic      7/10 - Some places are pretty good looking, but it does not have the best graphics so farSounds       7/10 - Those sound effects are good, like themStory          8/10 - Even the Lust is was good bossAnd here comes the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ partOptimalization 3/10 - This game is not doing so well with fpsLet me explainAMD FX-8320 Eight-Core = Processor (3.50-4.10GHz)8GB                                    = RAMAMD Radeon R9 200 Sr.    = Graphic C.==Maxed the game==In fight I had 20 fps - Looking on a lot of zombies had 30In room had 40        - Looking to the ground had 60The FPS's are the only thing that I don't like at the GameSo go, buy it!"
,Not Recommended,265550,11996519,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Twitch.tv.THEMAGGOT420,"I went into this game with high hopes, even with all the negative views, but I quickly learned they were correct, I have a pretty good pc, and can barely keep 30 fps, This is the ONLY game I've ever had problems with performance-wise, You really let me down Capcom, releasing a game that is FAR from optimised, My suggestion to anyone wanting this game, wait til they optimize the ♥♥♥♥ out of it, Because honestly, It is unplayable until then, and until I can enjoy playing it again, this will remain negative feedback."
,Not Recommended,265550,12124265,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Val,"This game needs a lot of work, there are optimisation issues all over the place, You will need quite a beefy computer just to play this at a stable framerate, it's more taxing than it should be.I've only had the game crash once but I've had tons and tons of issues ingame, I've had specific dialogue become muted such as my own characters voice, with everyone else and all other audio playing fine, I've had all audio cut out for 30+ seconds as well.I've also experienced a lot of very delayed pop in on textures, models and various other aspects of the game world, at one time the game wouldn't load in a part of the map I was in for a good minute, just showing a very low texture placeholder.Cutscenes have bugged out on me on several occasions forcing me to skip them and refer to elsewhere (youtube etc) to view them instead because I missed a fair bit of the ending.My game would also hang in place for usually over a minute at a time, this would always fix itself eventually but took me entirely out of the game, this happened at least a dozen times in my playthrough - sometimes minimising fixed this but it also made steam freeze until it sorted itself out.One of the bosses completely bugged physics wise on me and was jittering all over the place, I recorded this because it was so bizarre to me:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORuuuQVIRzAVisual spoilers for seeing a boss fight but no characters/plot elements are shown in the video.I have beaten the story of the game and when it worked I did have fun, I honestly enjoyed off the record more but the various glitches I've experienced have certainly tainted my view of this game.Glitches aside, the game is a fun continuation of dead rising with plenty to do and explore, various gameplay changes have been made arguably some better than others, for example being able to choose what to spend your level ups on is a very welcome change to me but the books have been reduced in amount and effect, limiting you to only having one stat boosting book on you at a time (until you hit level 50 and get an appropriate skill to enable all but there are still only 9 books)Weapons are fun to find and make, some combos seem much more useful than others for example the freedom bear now has about 6 or more variations to it which are all seperate combo blueprints which I only used once then went back to combining scythes and katanas because that was a better use of my time in almost every way, some weapons certainly outshine others balance wise, you'll find one you love and then keep making more or spawning a ton from a safe house weapon locker which is also a thing, you can now spawn in any weapon you've ever picked up at least once from any safe house locker which feels too easy.while still regarding difficulty the game introduces ""nightmare mode"" or rather it made easy mode then called the regular dead rising experience nightmare mode, nightmare is the difficulty players of previous games will be more used to while this games ""normal"" difficulty is made easier in several ways, my first play on normal I found myself just tanking most damage from bosses as we dps raced for a minute, it didn't feel like there was any threat and I beat the game with no deaths. If you're a fan of dead rising games I would suggest just jumping into nightmare right away and ignoring that normal even exists.Another change I found odd was the survivors, you'll find random survivors in the open world usually with the objective ""clear the zombies around X survivor"" and upon doing so they thank you then run behind a corner to disappear, again with most actual side missions you get calls for there is almost no escorting, instead you are mostly given fetch quests for bizarre reasons such as ""I lost my tarot cards, please find all 5 scattered around the town and then ill come with you"" it feels like busywork, making the game feel longer than it actually is, again half of these will run off and some will become followers which you can summon but the AI isn't fantastic, they sometimes have trouble pathfinding and there didnt seem to be a way to tell them to go to the safe house unless you got in a car without them and left them behind.In earlier dead rising games you had to do the story when it was available, as is the case in DR1 with: ""The next case will be available at 5pm"" etc, here however you have one big time limit to do the whole thing, in normal mode it felt very generous as I was barely over half my alloted time when I was finished and as far as I know I only missed one side mission when I got to the point of no return in the story.There is no infinite mode or free roam but you can exploit a section in the final level to get infinite time, look this up yourself as it may contain story related spoilers. You can however replay any story chapter you like but not everything is saved, you keep stats, kills, weapons etc, but all safehouses will need to be cleared again and doors unlocked from side missions will be locked again making it difficult to get all the collectibles if going for 100% as you will need to do the side mission again for that area to be available.my specs for reference:Windows 7 64bit, AMD FX-8350 CPU, 16gb DDR3 RAM 800mhz, two 2gb geforce GTX 760'sFINAL WORD:If the game worked at a better standard with less glitches and better optimisation, I would recommend it but as it stands I cannot, I'd advise against buying unless significant patching has been done since this review, but as always your mileage on the glitches will vary, you may have less/more/none of the issues I had, buy at your own risk."
76561198011965365,Recommended,265550,16436554,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"Ignore the negative feedback! This game runs perfect and just like the xbox one. No lag at all. Graphics are amazing!!! Big map, with craftable cars and weapons!! For those that get a crash trying to launch the game, Update your computer along with drivers, restart pc and you should be good to go!ProsCraftable items using weapons in inventoryGraphicsGameplay amazingLots of carsUpgrade what you like!!3 different endingsCoop + while on coop the person that finds hidden objects/collectibles you will collect them aswell.Many areas and secrets to explore!Conswhen you tab to look at map and go into game you cant move for like a sec or 2.Driving a car into a cone can make your car flip. Physics are bad1 save slotminor bugs ashes to ashes glitch and voce sound sometimes doesnt work"
,Recommended,265550,12081219,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,{TGC}Fr33,This game started on a rough port now the game plays like a fiddle really fun to play alone or with friends online slaughter and mayham as you guide yourself throught the infected while building customazing and dressing your character to your play style!!! Really the i would recommand getting a xbox controller for better gameplay experince to it just feels better then a keyboard on this title as always this game will deliver a very fun experince like no other on pc!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!works on wins 8/ 8.1
,Recommended,265550,21905836,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ONEgram,"The game is capped at 30 FPS but can be undone with a simple config file containing the phrasegmpcr_unlock_frame_rate=TrueThey say ""use at your own risk"" since the game was optimized for 30 FPS but I've got nothing but smooth sailing since.Everything else kicks♥♥♥♥♥ it's like dynasty warriors but with zombies and custom weapons, cars, and bikes.Co-op and multiplayer allows your friends(or lack there of) to play alongside or against you."
76561198000767598,Not Recommended,265550,11989966,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Mourneblade,"10 minutes in and the game is already crashing repeatedly. Load screens for multiplayer take forever, and if you choose matchmaking and the host boots you, be ready for a very long load screen back to the main menu, even if you're using an SSD.So far, I'm not impressed, and enjoyed the Xbox One version more. At least it was more stable than this...My rig is an Alienware Aurora R4 with Windows 8 64 bit, 16 GB RAM, 256 GB SSD, 1 TB HDD, i7 QC 3.7, and an OC Nvidia GTX 770 with updated driver. System is brand spanking new with almost no software bloat apps and nothing running in the background except Windows processes and Steam.Will update as I play more.-15 minutes in and watching a cutscene, game crashed.-20 minutes in, exploring the garage, game crashes without warningEdit: I decided to roll back my graphical driver to an older, stable version. It seems to have done the trick and fixed the constant crashing. So far, I have not encoutnered any other major issues or game breaking bugs other than companion AI and pathing problems. Once I have finished the game entirely I will update my review and evaluate the recommend status accordingly."
,Recommended,265550,12265413,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,irma,"After a pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ launch which rendered the game unplayable, I can now review the game as it is playable. This game is impressive, simply impressive. The graphics look realistic, the weapons are insanely fun to use, the level system is great, as is the combo system. Besides the lauch conflicts, I am yet to find many problems, but a few I have found are: no push to talk in multiplayer, anyone can connect to your game in multiplayer, and there is a bit of lag even on high end systems. Yet even with these problems, I found myself enjoying the game. This is not a game to take seriously, it has extremely crude humor and even some that could be called offensive. The audio is great, with all sounds filling their purpose in make Los Perdidos come alive. As I stated before, the graphics are pretty remarkable. I was able to run this game over 50 fps by removing the 30 fps cap. The combat though, is another strongpoint of the game, you can bash through zombies with a steamroller, chop them to bits with knives, axes, swords, and other combo'd weapons. The atmosphere is good, but will never come close to Bioshock tier. Combo'ing is remarkable, there are hundreds of weapons and vechicles that can be combined in a myriad of ways. You can make grenade launchers, Jack-in-the-box-bombs, fire scythes, hammer axes, machine gun highriders, etc. The DLC in this game is free, being that it comes with the game package. The DLC expierience has been phenomenal, just like the game. The DLC adds four new chapters, along with characters, weapons, and new automobiles. Overall, Capcom managed to redeem this games high quality by fixing practically every reported problem. This game is one to buy at the 35-40$ mark if you have a high end PC and could run great graphics, if not, 20$ is a good deal for this game that boasts unique features like no other."
76561198085464975,Not Recommended,265550,12001100,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,hohahehaha,i cant even get passed the main menu without it crashing
,Not Recommended,265550,11992635,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Finster,I can't recommend this to anyone until they fix some bugs. I'm currently getting CTD every 10 minutes. And I haven't even applied the frame unlocking yet...Forget it.
,Recommended,265550,20694052,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Hi im Thotd,"The game itself is very well made with a good variety of combo weapons and vehicles that you can use to kill zombies.People who have low-end laptops or PCs (including me) may find that the game will lag a bit (or alot). Your probably going to have to get a decent gaming laptop in order to run this game smoothly without lag.Generally don't buy it at full price, wait for it to be on sale if your considering trying this game out."
,Not Recommended,265550,12000267,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,-=OCB=- F-Holes,"As of now, the port is awful. Crashes on start up 9 times out of 10, then randomly crashes every 10-20 minutes in game. Cannot maintain even a solid 30fps. Tried downgrading drivers, verifying cache, and the new patch did nothing. DO NOT BUY until the issues are solved."
76561198142687168,Recommended,265550,14004513,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,andylaw281268,"Best Zombie killer game ever - period.I love the endless hordes of zombies, kinda keeps the pressure on 85% of the time.your forced to craft the heavy armoury weapons and vehicles to make your quests easier, the challenge is always set about the correct difficulty.The longer you play, the more gear you'll collect and the more fun the game becomes.Sitting on top of a riot van using a crossbow to fire fireworks into zombies bodies and watching them explode is a delight.The list of deadly deeds you can get involved in is endless, this game lets you free roam your darkest zombie killing fantasy's!!Enjoy! dont let the bad reviews put you off catching this hilarious goretrain of  zombie mayhem."
,Recommended,265550,13795289,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dean Dastardly,I just bought this game (December '14). I thought I would add a little input. I haven't run into any bugs. I have had this game less than a week. AND I LOVE IT!!! I am already 34.6 hours and 50k dead zombies deep. This is my favorites game at the moment... I highly recommend Dead Rising 3.
,Recommended,265550,29363020,Posted: 19 January,all,Cosmic Castaway ⎝👽⎠,"I don't know why this game gets the heat that it does. I loved it. It's excellent for achievement hunters too, I got them all. I think it's way better than DR2, I played right through the story of that one and didn't really enjoy doing much else. It obviously isn't better than DR1 but that's a classic now. Some people are complaining it takes too long to run around the Los Perdidos. Those people are stupid. There's no where in the game you can stand that you're not 30 seconds max from a vehicle, and once you understand how to navigate each area the world seems so much smaller.One thing though, if you aprreciated Dead Rising for the sctrict time mechanics and difficult psychopaths, this one might not be fore you. Even Nightmare mode is easier than DR1 & 2, and zombies aren't even an obstacle. There's like 10 times as many zombies but 100 times the killing power, you can litterally mow down thousands in less than a couple minutes with the right weapons, some of which are availabvle from the very beginning. Even completly unarmed you're pretty deadly at high levels.Definitly play with a friend if you can, it's way better. And if you're going for 100% achievements, make sure you do your research on the Ashes to Ashes achievement in untold story #4."
76561198277734635,Recommended,265550,34797436,Posted: 7 September,all,dragonshiner,Dead rising 2 is better than this but i still had a blast with my friend be careful tho this game has many problems.
76561198105076717,Recommended,265550,34365789,Posted: 19 August,all,Dissection,The fix for the locked framerate makes a huge difference. Fun game if you are into zombies
,Recommended,265550,24251322,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Demon27248,"If you're familiar with the Dead Rising series, you'll notice a few things about the third entry right off the bat.Firstly, the game now takes place in one 'large' open world city of approximately 1 squared mile with no loading zones between the various areas (woohoo). The size may sound small but it's actually very impressive considering you're able to enter most building in Dead Rising 3, with many being multi-storied.Secondly, you have 6 in game days now instead of 3 before the game ends, although the amount of content isn't much higher than the other Dead Rising games so you won't really be under any time pressure for this one. The story missions actually have no tmers anymore & can be completed entirely at your leisure.Lastly, the scavenging elements of the first, & to a lesser extent, second game, are now almost entirely gone. In Dead Rising 3, you'll find yourself armed to the teeth throughout the game, with good equipment always being only a few metres away. Blueprints for combo weapons are marked on your map, they will almost always come with the necessary components too, & any weapon you pick up or create in the game is saved & can be retrieved from weapon lockers at safe zones.The result of the latter 2 changes is a more casual, laid-back, action-focused approach to the game. While I'm a huge fan of the original Dead Rising's gameplay style, the new approach definitely works really well with the world Capcom has created in 3. It reminds be alot of the direction Volition took Saints Row in with the third instalment. A game mode called 'Nightmare Mode', which makes things a bit closer to the original style of play exists however.Zombie slaughter is as fun as ever in Dead Rising 3. Both the shooting & melee are very fluid, although using context sensitive commands is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Driving also isn't the best, but it could be worse. DIsmemberment was done very well, & the dead zombies will stay on the ground for a very impressive length of time. In short, Dead Rising 3 knows how killing zombies is done.The controversial 30fps lock may annoy people with higher-end hardware. I personally can only get 30fps at high settings on mine so I don't really mind. It can be removed by editing an ini file anyway. I'm personally more annoyed about the texture pop-ins. They happen way too frequently & way too noticeably. It's also worth noting that using the in-game V-sync option made things a little choppy so I opted for the option in the Nvidia control panel.This version includes 4 DLC missions where you play as various other characters. The main missions alone add a sizeable chunk of content, although in 3/4, there are simply way too many collectibles littered around the world. They seem to be included only for the sake of there being collectibles to pick up that do absolutely nothing.Dead Rising 3 may not be the best Dead Rising, but it's still a pretty good game & well worth the $20 I paid for it.7/10"
,Recommended,265550,25562719,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Alpha-Omega,"After blitzing through the game in only 19 hours i can say that this is a good evolution of the dead rising series.-if you wanted more dead rising 1 then you may be a tiny bit turned away since it evolves alot of the mechanics of dead rising 2 however does give several nods i feel towards the original especially if you know all the bosses.-vehichle combos are sorta meh considering i only was able to seriously get into them near the end, however weapon combos are pretty fun even sorta minmaxing as i was, while still leaving uses for individual non-combo weapons (fire extinguishers are cruical to horde fights alone i feel) blueprints are found everywhere and by the end of the game i nearly had them all first run-story was the usual dead rising, with a reason to shoot that ♥♥♥♥ing scientist at the very end, so dont expect something that takes itself incredible seriously but it was overall seamless with the previous stories and let the story sorta end-ish(?)-while the standard mode isnt balls-to-the-wall challanging that most people may be looking for i'd recommend going nightmare, fixes every complaint with it being too casual and truthfully my playthrough on casual was quite useful to find/figure out most of the game so i could go back and play and nightmare.-zhi did nothing wrong.- maybe i was lucky or something but i managed an S rank ending on my first ~19 hour run saving almost every survivor, ♥♥♥♥ that racing guy i think his name was gary or something...= OVER ALL would recommend w/ bundle perhaps when the price drops a bit as it is something like 80? but considering the DLC, DR2 w/DLC and DR1 i would totally recommend both this game and this bundle to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with, freinds only make the adventure twice as good considering two medival burger knights with laser swords just make everything...awesome..."
,Recommended,265550,16441243,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,suicidal.banana,"Great game, actually runs good too, if you dont try run it on a hairdryer like half of the people that reviewed the game here seemed to have done.+ More stuff to build then in previous parts+ 'super combo' weapons (combine multiple 'custom' weapons into one super powerfull)+ More zombies- No text chat for coop is a downsideGrade: 8/10"
,Recommended,265550,13900058,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,50percentjoe,"Basically its fun, its entirely too easy compared to 1 and 2, but its fun. I really enjoyed the customization and weapons and the cars are wonky."
,Recommended,265550,12324592,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,reign,I can finally get past the loading screen.11/10
76561198068983711,Recommended,265550,14533476,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,[XR]SwagalishusSloth,Great gameAmazing GraphicsFunTiny bit of lagBut still best game i played ever
,Not Recommended,265550,11993773,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,red her aelic,Crashes every 10 minutes unplayable due to not constantly being saved and I'm unable to get anywhere without losing progress and having to completely restart the story. 0/10 until it is fixed
76561198131010424,Not Recommended,265550,11994714,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,MaskedPretender,This game would be a lot of fun if I could play mre than 15 minutes of it without it crashing . The fact that there is no autosave also creates quite a problem coupled with the horrible crashing problem. Wait for a patch before buyiung. Other than that it is a great game.
76561198051024158,Not Recommended,265550,12010516,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,kiwi.brewer,"The gameplay is fun, but this os a terrible port, that's just not optimised for PC. It took Capcom 20 days to release a patch that allowed me to even get past the initial loading screen. You'd think the development team would have the common decency to test this port on a range of machines before releasing it. I mean it's not like this is from an indy developer, capcom really dropped the ball on what should have been an awesome game."
76561198014999250,Not Recommended,265550,21805815,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,DNA,i am truly sad that capcom is not working on dr3 problem. When i purchase this game just 2 days ago and was excited to know that they had a patch last august stating that they have fix the problem but until now it still crashes
76561197983219592,Not Recommended,265550,12010533,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Just Touch It,"Shocking PC release. Random crashes & crappy frames, would ask for a refund if I could get one. Worst pre-order in 2014 for me.  But hey, at least they looked after the console players, amirite?"
,Not Recommended,265550,12037171,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Britbong,"Runs like trash, looks like trash and belongs in the trash"
,Recommended,265550,12029119,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,GigoloSoldier,"After launching the game it goes straight to a black screen and cannot be closed by Alt+F4, Alt+Tab or Shift+Esc. You have to use Crtl+Alt+Del anf you will get a message saying Dead Rising 3 has stopped working. I pre-ordered this game on Steam during the summer sale an according to Capcoms FAQ I should not be having this problem.""Crash-onBootFor clarity’s sake, this issue affected a small subset of users who redeemed a Steam key that was purchased outside of Valve’s Steam store, from a boxed retail copy, or obtained via other means.""Windows 7 x64AMD Phenom II X6 1090TAMD (XFX) Radeon HD7870 Black Ed.16GB GSkill Ripjaws RAMOS Drive - 64GB OCZ Agility 3 SSDApp Drive - 4TB 4+0 Stripe/RAID 0EDIT: Capcom worked with me 1 on 1 to solve my problem and get a patch released to correct it. The issue was with my RAID 0 having diffrent sector sizes than my SSD.8/10 overall, still not as good as the first"
,Recommended,265550,12013104,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,♥Stephenson♥,"Once the 30FPS Limit is removedhttp://www.gamefront.com/dead-rising-3-how-to-remove-the-30-fps-cap-on-pc/This game is great! Even though I've played minimally but played alot on the One, this is a great port and you should give it a go if you've played the others or up for just a little Zombie unrealistic vehicles and weapon logic.♥♥♥♥in'. Mental. Mate."
,Recommended,265550,16429083,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MEME NAME,"Its ok so far, if you uncap the frame rate so that it runs at 60fps which hasn't caused me any errors or glitches at all then it looks ok, the game feels like a dead rising game and the map is better as it isn't like dead rising 2 where you were in a casino no matter where you went.The only problem is it is poorly optimized for a lot of people, so be ready to get a refund for the game if it isn't optimized  because I run crysis 2 and GTA V better than this game, and this game doesnt have good graphics"
76561197998320258,Recommended,265550,29468755,Posted: 24 January,all,SGT Pinchaloaf,Very big improvement ovet part 2 in every way. Game has a more serious horror tone where 2 was more campy. Not needing to jave to find a workbench to make wepons was also a huge improvememt.......having survivors with you and armed actually works good in this one. City is fairly good size and theres always something to explore....ive already played throufh this twice and will probably go againWhen playing on normal difficulty the time limits really arent much of a hassle as the time you get to complete tasks is very generous......the hard setting is another storyOverall great game.......i give it a 8.5
,Recommended,265550,12028951,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,𝑳𝒆𝒏,"Before I start this review I would like to say that I am a hardcore fan for the Dead Rising franchise.This game, WOW. I love this game, it has been getting bad reviews for the bad optimisation  and crashes, but I have had no crashed what so ever throughout playing 5 hour straight sessions on this game. With the optimisation (yes the game is capped at 30fps), I am OCD when it comes to FPS, I have to have it a 60+, when I first started playing the game I felt the 30fps and was like urrgh, but once you start getting into the game you can't even tell it's on 30.Okay, down to gameplay.Dead Rising 3 brings new custom weapons and an all new custom vehicles to the game. Capcom have really made a difference to the new Dead Rising, instead of adding a couple of customs, like Dead Rising OTR. The all new open world in los perdidos, is amazing. The diffrence between Fortune City and this City is huge. No more loading screens to enter a certain casino, you can just run and no loading screens will make you sit there waiting. I think this was a major let down for the other Dead Rising games which CapCom did a brill job of fixing.They have still got the old school customs, such as the knife gloves, electric rake, etc, but they have added many more, that much more that you will rarely find a custom which was in the previous games. They have also added all new collectables, such as the Frank West collectables, scattered across the map, when you find them you will be rewarded PP points. They have also added the tragic deaths. Which are bodies scattered around the map, which have a upsetting feeling once you find them. I get the goosebumps when the music and the message appear, I think this is one of the best features to Dead Rising 3 and I say well done to you guys at Capcom!They have also added the new survivor feature, back in Dead Rising 2, you helped survivors, then you take them to the safe house and that's it, you can't keep them to assist you in the zombie infested city, but in Dead Rising 3, once you help survivors, you can dismiss them and then get them back out again. This can be done at the safe houses which are scattered around the map. The have also added (again a safe house feature) where you can take out weapons from the storage which are weapons you have collected over time, you have a limit to how much you can take out, once you have ran out of your limit, it regens over time. In my opinion this is not the best idea, but it's a ok-ish feature. I wouldn't of put it in.Now down to the graphics, they are good. For big open world zombie game, where there are thousands of zombies you can see at once from certain points. They are not the best, granted, but they are good enough for me.Gameplay - 10/10Graphics - 9/10Sound/Music - 10/10Is this game worth it?Of course it is.Thanks Capcom for making an amazing game and bringing it to PC.PS: (If anyone wants to see my specs, check my info box on my profile.)"
76561197970739339,Recommended,265550,29363153,Posted: 19 January,all,Captain Chaos,"I fell off the Dead Rising series for a while, having played only the first one, but I picked up the third from a recent sale and was glad I did. Despite continued issues with clunky controls, especially the bizarre delay when attempting to sprint after a jump, and console-centric design sensibilities such as the 30fps framelock, Dead Rising 3 is the most convenient title in the series to play by far, I'm willing to bet. The time limit is far more generous, you can build combo weapons anywhere and experience and collectible progress persists across multiple playthroughs and into coop games.There's a lot to do and mess around with in Los Perdidos. Tons of weapons to use, solid vehicle controls, and collectibles to find, and of course, silly outfits. The tone of the story is far too serious for the sort of game Dead Rising is, almost like early Saints Row with zombies. The four story add-ons are included in this release but, oddly, not the ""Super Turbo"" DLC that added four-player coop to the console versions, limiting you to only two-player coop, and only in the main story, not in the addons. Still, its an excellent game for killing time with a friend- I found it more addicting then many games I've played in the past few years, and I had fun with it from start to finish."
76561198040455507,Recommended,265550,34846929,Posted: 9 September,all,DaveTheRave,This is a very fun game (note im not a zealous dead rising fan) but it keeps crashing in coop pls fix
,Recommended,265550,35059785,Posted: 19 September,all,Uno,"If your looking for paid , Open world , Third Person , Coop game. Then i'll suggest you guys to buy this game...I Recommend this game because it's super fun to play Coop , The Combo weapons are good.You know...it ain't that bad for Rp 240000 for this game."
,Recommended,265550,34362114,Posted: 19 August,all,TehNeo,"Not known with this franchise at all, only know Capcom from streetfighter and mega man in my child hood (yes I feel old...)Had great fun with my friend, you have to complete some stupid tutorial but smashing your friend with a flat screen, blowing him away with a lawn blower and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥him with a chainsaw, is totally worth it.Combination of Saints Row but a little bit more structured (side quests, and main mission)Don't play it for the story, play it for the absolute massacre and the carnage, 30FPS maxed, but the GFX are good, gameplay is a little ""get used to"".Again, I don't know nor played earlier games of this franchise, but my stomache hurst of laughing.Would buy again! ( got in a sale).Brilliant game!"
76561198053046224,Recommended,265550,12008112,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,leopunkhrcore,Muy buen juego veo que tiene muchos negativos por motivos de optimizacion o cuelges pero al parecer solo es con Nvidia Con Amd no ay ningun problema 9/10 muy buen juego :D no me arrepiento de comprarlo.
76561198072677509,Recommended,265550,12037851,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,gunncrazzy,"I don't know why people are complaining about crashes, my game doesn't crash at all.....otherwise, it is an enjoyable game to play, especially the co-op."
,Recommended,265550,15036685,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Stenton,"Hooray! A Xbox One Exclusive finally came to PC so I didn't have to spent money on a console that I don't see playing that much due to the fact that around 80% of Xbox One games are multiplatforms. I loved the Dead Rising series when I had my Xbox 360 and I did buy all three of them (Dead Rising, Dead Rising 2 and Dead Rising 2: Off the Record) including their DLC (Case: Zero and Case: West) but the problem with Dead Rising 3 that I had to buy the newest console to play it, which was a darn shame. But not anymore!I'm still playing the game so I haven't reached the ending just yet. But it's not making me stop playing the thing. There is a lot of things to do to keep me engaged. Collectibles, side quests and challenges that are scattered all around Los Perdidos. Let's talk about that darn city!Los Perdidos is huge. Definitely bigger than Willamette Mall and Fortune City and it includes no loading screens between these areas other than the loading screen when you first start up and small loading screens between cutscenes. There are four main areas (Districts) that you will be able to explore including small areas like labs and warehouses. Each connected by a freeway. These districts are quite filled. Stores, Garages, Clubs and more depending on which side of the city from the rich up-built homes of Sunset Hills to the Mills, Warehouses and strip clubs of South Almuda. Like I said before, looking around these places will reward you with collectibles and stranded survivors.I loved Dead Rising 2's way of finding weapons to combine to create a pretty lethal assistant. But in that game you had to find workbenches to create them. Never more, you can now have the parts and create them where you are standing. The problem is, that it doesn't get used that much. Basically, there isn't one main safe room like the other games. There are a few that you'll need to clean out and claim it. After claiming it, you will have access to a weapons locker which will spawn combo weapons and firearms which removes the point of searching around for the parts and creating new combo weapons. Yeah, ""Don't use them!"" is one excuse but what's the point of them being there then?The main story protagonist, Nick irritates me. He's very whiny and is always ""so terrified"" when wielding a sharp combo weapon and slicing around 13 zombies when he says those stupid lines. For example; Nick kills one of the biker leaders and he's breaking down that he ""Didn't kill anyone who wasn't a zombie before"" but he killed a Psychopath around 10 minutes before. I was pretty irritated about that line.. Some of the psychopaths start attacking him because of them saying something stupid to anger them.  If he didn't start blabbing, maybe those psychos won't be dead (But this game does need Psychopaths!). Nick is my least out of the three protagonist (Frank and Chuck) and he's pretty forgettable.  The other main story characters pretty much irritate me or are forgettable (Like Rhonda and♥♥♥♥♥♥(who is basically there to be Player Two). However, I did enjoy the lines of the not-so-important survivors and their quests. I love the neighbors bickering to each other and the meat dress lady's line.Love them or hate them, I love survivors in the Dead Rising series. There could be really helpful on assisting you or an absolute pain on getting them in that room! (Curse you Snowflake!) But they are quite different on DR3. Instead of DR and DR2, you don't escort them back to the main safe house anymore which I..   ..enjoyed doing (even the irritating ones!) instead, they're split into three groups. Stranded Survivors who always need help on clearing zombies out of their area and they will run off giving you extra PP. The Side Event Survivors who needs errands doing (for example; ""I need some guns"" ""I need to collect food"") when completed, you will get PP and you will leave them to their everyday lives (I guess?). The last group are Posse Survivors which will accompany you when you finish their task. Each survivor have a stat. One could have excellent running speed but lacks in ranged attacks. The problem with these people that they are pretty overpowered if you give them something good. I had one survivor completely murder a psychopath without me helping her (Christine, you will always be my side gal). I might as well talk about the Psychopaths here too. They are pretty easy challenges which is a shame because some of the previous Psychos were pretty hard. (The Convicts, Brandon). You could easily whack a 2x2 planks and run off when they start attacking and they will be defeated. But I love their style and personality. For example, Darlene who represent the sin Gluttony will still give me the chills and shivers.I read articles that this game is a bad PC port. I have mixed feelings about it. Yes, default settings is 30FPS which is horrible but I unlocked the Frame rate and I'll get around 60 - 90 Frames per second on my GTX 980/i7 4790k which is pretty fine for me. However, I have encountered random crashing and long startup times but this happened rarely. I still recommend that you unlock the 30 Frames-Per-Second lock. It looks horrible at 30FPS..Would I recommend this game? I don't know.. The overworld and gameplay is fantastic. The ability to create even custom vehicles to drive around the large place and mowing down thousands of zombies is brilliant. It makes me want to explore the world even more than I did with Willamette and Fortune City. Lots of collectibles to find. Lots of side quest to do. I will also recommend listening to the soundtrack if you have any free time. I mean, I would listen to it when I write this but I haven't listened to the Super Smash Bros for Wii U yet. Sorry DR3, maybe next time. I don't recommend the story though (So far as I'm still playing). It's pretty forgettable and I highly recommend you playing Dead Rising 1 (If you have a Xbox..), Dead Rising 2 and even Dead Rising 2: Off the records. That reminds me. I haven't got them on PC yet. Might check it out and play them again."
76561198091407072,Recommended,265550,12019207,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Mr Glass,"Bad release , someone even cant start the game , someone cant set the proper resolution , someone have fps drops . But this is still a good game with good graphics , awesome customization , tons of zombies , funny characters , hillarious moments , many weapons , simple crafting system , vehicles , blood and dismemberment , freeplay and again ZOMBIESmy rating to this game 8 | 10my rating to realease 4 | 10"
,Not Recommended,265550,12079117,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Cpt_Papercut,crashy mc-crash alot
,Recommended,265550,14644173,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Lord Buggington,"not as good as the previous 2, cant say why other than i think maybe they made it a little too easy? i mean i played the balls off it for a couple weeks then kind of lost interest. but ite pretty fun, worth the 40 bucks or whatever."
,Recommended,265550,14702353,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,matthew_mulkey98,"I'm sorry to report than in cutscenes, the game dips to slideshow FPS levels.  It never misses a beat when HUNDREDS of zombies are on screen, but god forbid we zoom in on a group of 5 or six!  Having played this on the Xbone prior to my PC, I really don't get why this is.  I have a 4 Ghz i7, a GeForce 960, and 8 gb of ddr3."
,Recommended,265550,32892418,Posted: 27 June,all,gws89,Is fun and entertaining but it also very chroppy.
,Recommended,265550,33028921,Posted: 30 June,all,Wasano_1988,Very good when play in Co-op mode
76561198130669472,Recommended,265550,32867955,Posted: 27 June,all,Ving,Ya good
,Recommended,265550,25066322,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Sparty,"This is a great game. Its kinda like how diablo 2 expanded upon the first diablo, its an expansion and does everything better from the last game. Except the FPS cap which is easy to fix. Only complaint is that its not the greatest port, so PC optimization is lacking leaving FPS drops and not very smooth gameplay, but its not terribly noticable so its okay."
,Recommended,265550,25039246,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Gallafayo,Great follow up to the first two. I love the huge world space!
76561198009519596,Recommended,265550,18289201,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Magus,"If you are looking for a jolly good time mowing through zombies, sometimes quite literally, then this game is for you. A further addition to the dead rising series, this game plays well and is fun. If you are looking for a true dead rising experience though you may wish to play dead rising 2 or if you have an xbox going back and playing the first one. The game feels like dead rising lite but that isn't always a bad thing. Definitly something any zombie fan should play."
76561198094043912,Recommended,265550,28326956,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Cringy Vape Lord,"VERY underated. Fun and silly, epic and badass. This game is great. Only bad thing is 30 frames cap and no sandbox mode, (But that seems to be only my problem)."
76561198081148423,Recommended,265550,31290994,Posted: 22 April,all,Mr. Dennis,"To put things in perspective.Story - 9/10Weapons - 10/10 -Main Story Characters - 9/10Side Story Characters - 7/10Vehicles - 10/10Overall, I think the game did a truly amazing job with the Spec Ops.Outfit - 10/10 ( one of the best i've ever seen in a game), so badass.Dialogue/Voices - 10/10Gadgets/Weapons - 10/10Vehicles - 8/10The things i didn't like.Time Limit - such a wonderful open world zombie game shouldn't have time limit. Although it is logically applied and contributes to the story's fullness.Lack of True Multiplayer - The idea of Co - Op is not that bad, but I personally think that there must be Multiplayer where 3 factions fight for control over Los Perdidos.First Faction - Spec OpsSecond Faction - Presidential Forces ( they first appear in Untold Story 1 )Third Faction - The SurvivorsAll of those 3 are unique and would be great if we could actually choose a team and fight the rest 2.P.S. I am looking for a buddy to play the game with me. Will be fun, I promise ))."
76561198121012655,Recommended,265550,15878043,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Primarch Fulgrim,Love It. I killed a zombie with a HD TV and a♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,265550,12059650,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Iris,No Problems Becides Random CrashesPort 8/10Graphics 8/10Story 8/10 Could Be LongerOverall 8/10Worth The Price
,Not Recommended,265550,12091086,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Verde smells of green,"As of now, I cannot recommend this game. Crashed on start-up, was unable to terminate via task manager. Had to reboot my PC.  Did a bit of poking around afterwards, seems to be a common issue. Patch did not help. Can't just ""re-download,"" don't have that much spare bandwidth lying around.EDIT: Today is the 30th of May, 2015. Over several days, I downloaded the 25-something gigabytes of this game, and tried to run it. After so long, surely they patched this buggy mess. right?NOPE. NOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPEGOD ♥♥♥♥ING DAMMIT STILL STUCK IN THE GAME, NOW I CAN'T EVEN LOAD UP TASK MANAGERHOW THE HELL DID THEY MANAGE TO MAKE THIS GAME EVEN MORE UNPLAYABLE!?!You know what? ♥♥♥♥ it. ♥♥♥♥ it. ♥♥♥♥ this company and ♥♥♥♥ this game.What a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of money and bandwidth."
,Recommended,265550,14255023,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Archiver13,"First and foremost, yes this a damn good port of the game.Secondly, yes it is a damn good game with plenty to do.The story itself does not take that long if you go for the completionist ending. The sheer amount of side quests collectibles and things to do is pretty nice. The weapons are nice and varied including the vehicle combos. By no means is this a difficult game. I played through the story and did not die once. Again, the content is damn well worth the price. There is additional multiplayer and even some bonus stories which I am playing through now. It also looks and sounds great. AI is not great but it is not terrible either. AI companions will follow you and attack zombies and or enemies there pathfinding is a little questionable though. Zombies are zombies they dont really need smart AI."
,Recommended,265550,20225925,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,diaboliic,Great improvement from DR2 imo. Has to be one of my favourite games ever.
76561197997832495,Not Recommended,265550,12755551,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lonvic,"I am a fan of the Dead Rising series, mostly for the personallity and heart this series has shown. Unfortunately, that heart is now gone. In the previous games you could interact with the people you saved and they would sometimes have missions for you, making it worthwhile to save them. Not so anymore, any followers you find will disappear once you get them to a safe house only to return when summoned. They have no personality, and any whepons you have given them are dropped when you switch companions, meaning you will have to arm them again when you call them back from the eather. Further, The map is no help at all, I went around a building three times trying to get to a safe zone that was clearly inside and could not for the life of me (or more acurately, the life of the survivor following me) find the entrance. This game has lost all the heart of the prevous games, and it is lesser for it."
,Not Recommended,265550,11994471,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Albinobob,"I got it to start up and play but it runs atrociously. 20 fps on average during gameplay on medium settings, and it crashes the whole machine when I hit ""quit game"", forcing me to hard restart. Save your money on this until SOMEONE makes a patch."
,Not Recommended,265550,12013626,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Lawie,"This game is a bad bad port. This game has currently way too many bugs and way too many issues to be actually released. That being said. The game is a solid game. If it werent for the bugs, the issues, the annoyances... this game would be a solid zombie hack&slash shoot-em-up Third person dead Island Zombie game. The killing is fun and absurd, shoot em, hack & slash em, drive over them, whatever your zombie slaying heart desire (with absurd amount of weaponary). However, I don't understand why Capcom ALWAYS put some idiotic ""end-bosses"" around their games. It's not fun for the average gamer. Especially if they are ""too easy"" to beat yet, and only if you know how to beat them. So If you are considering to buy this game right now (07 september 2014), don't. Come back in a few months, when they have sorted out all the issues and fixed all the bugs. It will deliver a better gaming experience. So i put the recommendation right now at NO."
76561198076654857,Not Recommended,265550,11994021,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Thranton,"Until there's a patch to optimize the graphics and rendering to this game I'm going to give you a full warning here:DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME FROM STEAMThis is such a waste of money, how can a vendor like steam sell a game that isn't even optimized for computers? My computer is no slouch when it comes to hardware yet I cant even walk forward at the very start of this game without the frames freaking out on me.  I'm boasting an impressive 2 frames per minute here and that's with all the graphics turned down completely. Steam, you ♥♥♥♥ed me hard on this purchase and I wish I could spit on the faces of the people who allowed it to be released in this current state."
76561198073202340,Not Recommended,265550,11994006,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Kooloo-Limpah!,"They're seriously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the bed so far on this release. Just about to be 10 hours since its release, and already there are 64 pages on its steam support thread, and a lot of it has to do with a similar problem I'm having, which is the game crashing upon start up every time.  If you've got some way of rectifying this♥♥♥♥♥♥ then feel free and buy. If not, don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,265550,12013668,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,E Huntington,"For the moment, Dead Rising 3 is unplayable for me. It crashes frequently, performs terribly, and is disappointing on a technical level. Maybe once a few patches come through Capcom can fix these issues, but until then, stay far away from Dead Rising 3."
,Recommended,265550,14986715,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,uglyEMOCHU,"Works just fine with lowest quality settings for me. I don't mind textures loading slower.This is my first time playing with computer. and I was kinda horrified when people says you need a super computer.I love the series, and I'm glad I was able to play it without xbox one."
76561198013055491,Recommended,265550,16107282,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Konscience,"This game is so under-rated, it works perfectly fine by me.Plus, this is a AAA game, larger thant Dead Rising 1 and 2Fisrt I was upset about the players review, but now I wonder if they reviewed the right game...Your PC need to meet the min requirement, but after that, it's only pleasure !"
76561198109276018,Not Recommended,265550,11995237,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Reagan.Lee,I can NOT load this game at the beginning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!F
76561198105362217,Not Recommended,265550,12006777,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,mangafield,"The game is fun and great when it is running smoothly but when the fps drops is a frustrating, so laggy and horrible. It is not a bad game but it is very limited and prone to crashes and Online CoOp is unplayable and that is 50% of this game. Bottom line yes is a good game but not worth it right now until it is fixed."
,Not Recommended,265550,12001826,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Sniper King,SO MUCH LAAAAAAAAAAAG!
76561198029184857,Recommended,265550,12008078,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Hermiter,Crash Simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,265550,11990482,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,WrathofSchwartz,Game crashes randomly and I can play for about 12 minutes before it crashes. For some it crasheds at the title screen. From what I have played before it crashes its a good game. But I do not recommend buying until crash issues have been fixed.
,Not Recommended,265550,11993716,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Cummie Kit {E621},"Gonna be totally honest, most of the reviews I saw when I looked down where thumbs down, but they were complaining about bugs and shuttery frame rates. I'm going to tell you why even if the game is working perfectly it's still awful.At it's core if you loved the first 2 dead risings like I did you won't find much here. The game feels totally differnent and in all the wrong ways. 6 hours in and...1. I've only fought 2 psychopaths and have no hints on how to find any others. Survivors escorts have been replaced with either fetch quests or eliminate small horde of zombies. In between each ""Chapter"" of the story you will get three calls from your radio, pointing you towards 3 survivors (and in 1 case one COUNT THEM one psychopath). That's where those fetch quests I mentioned come in.2. Los perdios compared to Fortune city and Willamete is a cluster♥♥♥♥ of confusion. Prepare to spend hours wandering around in circles. The map has a minimum of information, stores and buildings are not labeled and verticle pathfinding is a nightmare.3. Combat is totally shot, What made the pasts 2 games fun in combat was a certain scarcity of good weapons, your movements through were hopping between good spawns while occasionally making do with lesser weapons. In this game it is totally possible and not in anyway a challenge to just use ar 15's and m60's. In fact ranged combat seems to be the focus of the game, in the apocalypse edition once you unlock the weapons locker early on you'll have access to fire cannons, miniguns, smgs, rifles, lmgs, and shotguns. Not only do the do a crap ton of damage they by default have an aimbot which makes even the wildest of misses into a instakill headshot. In addition I've found in the first hour more grenades than I've found in the past 2 games combined, they come in big piles and now are 5 to an inventory slot. Another powerful addition to an already to easy game. Melee combat is awful, replacing the old single, chain, or special attack with a generic light and heavy attack with borish animations and realtivly low damage.4. The story is just bad. It seems like it was totally negelected. The past 2 have had you wandering around enjoying yourself with a dozen or two minutes of story and action to keep things going, pacing was good. The story here is just bland and awful. The characters in the past haven't know each other and have had introduced reasons to keep moving with each other, certain goals to accomplish and specific bad guys pushing back. The only ""villian"" so far is a random biker anarchist♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥guy and his gang. The main characters also already know each other in this one from the get go, think that would add emotional tension? No instead nobody talks about anything but what they're going to do and by that I mean you could compress every bit of convesation in the first half of the story into about 3 minutes and all the while never learn anything important about any of them. There is no characterization, no intimate, funny, or otherwise fun interactions between anyone. As someone who often gets deeply ingrained with the strugles of my allies in any video game I frankly couldn't care who lives or dies, everyone feels like a stranger including the main character Nick. The story itself is short and because you can complete it at your own pace I found I was just kinda going from mission to mission, and speaking of the actual plot...SPOILER ALERT allow me to summarize the first half of the story, I need to get out of the city! The city is blocked off! I'm back with my group (more on that later) We got to the safe house! We gotta get moving before they bomb the city! We're under attack by bikers! I'm bit, oh noes! Gotta find zombrex! Can't find zombrex but turns out I'm immune! END OF SPOILEROverall I give this game a 6.5 out of 10. While not a terrible game on it's own it carries the dead rising brand name and a certain level of quality is expected because of how good the last 2 games were. The combat combines the worst aspects of dead island mixed with state of decay.Pro's+Large zombie on screen count+Variety of weapons to kill with+Enchanced combo weapon system+New vehical system adds even more toysCon's-No survivor escort-EXTREMLY rare psychopaths-Bland story which doens't have much of a plot-Characters are horribly negelected-Combat is FAR too easy-Melee system is a train wreck compared to the tried and true-Guns are FAR too easy to obtain, do WAY to much damage, and auto aim for the head (What looks like a bloom reticlue is actually the zone where a headshot can be made)-Grenades are FAR too plentiful and now pack 5 to an inventory slot increasing the problem-FETCH QUESTS!!!!-Can be completed in several hours!-Free weapons availble at the safehouse, any kind in any amount.-Los Peridos is a confusing mess-Map is totally worthless as a navigation aid.At it's core this game isn't terribly frustrating like some other games on the market but many aspects of the game have been rail roaded. Also at it's asking price of 50 dollars I would laugh but NO, NOBODIES LAUGING! THIS IS SERIOUS! This game might be worth 10$ or 15$ at the max. A severe and thorough dissapointment a true fan. Would ask for refund if able!"
,Recommended,265550,12039501,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Halfazedninja,"I was holding off on the review for this till I hit the double digit mark. I think reports of this crashing are greatly exageratted. I have 12 hours clocked, the 60FPS ini file and have had not one crash.The Dead Rising series has always been fun and this is no exception. I'm enjoying every second of DR3. This was the only game I wanted for the XBone and I'm glad it finally came out on PC. I haven't tried co-op yet, I'm going to do that on my second playthrough or on Nightmare mode."
76561198079905759,Recommended,265550,12029717,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,ObamaTookMyKFCz,"I kinda feel bad for everyone having probelms w/ Dead Rising 3, becasue I'm not having any probelms at all with this game. The only probelm I had was the FPS cap, but I make a user.ini file and fixed it. This is probaly the best game I ever bought so far of 2014. I reccomend this to anyone that loves to ♥♥♥♥ up some zombies in their own creative way. 10/10"
76561198003888207,Recommended,265550,12002608,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Solid Tsuchinoko,"I don't know what people expected when they bought a game that was a console port. I buy games, and go in as open-minded as possible. Not every game, right out of the box, is gonna run as smooth as butter. Heck, most console ports become ""Loading Screen/CtD Simulator"". It's come to be expected. The game is fun, for what it is. I recommend a controller, on keyboard/mouse is the most awkward thing to me. I use an Nvidia GTX 660, and, unless my card is something else I don't know, I never had the ""10 min crashing bug"". But, stuttering abound, and occasional freezes (mostly first loading, and quiting), it is still a fun time. I wish the city was not plagued by road blocks on every major intersection, as it makes saving survivors a nightmare as I must drive all the way across town, and through zombies (praying to god they don't die) so that they can be ""used"" later. I appreciate the side-story dlcs a lot, but I also wish they gave us Chuck/Frank West outfits and weps too. I also notice the game tends to minimize itself when putting on most of the clothes in the game, which does get annoying.This is getting long, basically, I love the DR series. I thank whoever made the call to bring it to Steam. I will surely play through this, but there are bugs (many of which I can't confirm and haven't come across), and there are massive frame rate drops at seemingly random times. As well, I noticed that my pc doesn't seem as noisey, as if the game isn't using all my comp has to offer. At least compared to games like Warframe, XCOM, etc, my pc usually sounds like a leaf blower (5 fans 4 days), but my pc sounds like it usually does just idle. Thought that was interesting to share."
,Recommended,265550,12002260,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,daddu35,"This is a very fun game in my opinion, lots of weapons to use and vehicles to create to kill those zombies. Although there is crashes, i rolledback my driver to fix it."
76561198052277716,Not Recommended,265550,12109373,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Ghost with a Host,This is a buncha ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I can't even start the game I paid for because of Crapcom's refusal to properly test games with hardware. Never buying a game from them again.
76561198085599232,Recommended,265550,11995550,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Get Trippy,This is the best dead rising of them all
,Recommended,265550,12090942,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,mADdOG,It doesnt crash for me. Even though i have an annoying render distance issue it is still  really fun.
,Recommended,265550,12024684,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,JAGUARCD32X,"First off I would like to say that I haven't had a single issue with crashing or stability and I played for ten hours straight last night without a break.  So the game is enjoyable and is a more laid back Dead Rising compared to previous games that kept you on a strict time limit which is a blessing and a curse at the same time. See I loved the last Dead Rising games , I particuarly enjoyed exploring the area making new weapons to kill zombies and rescuing survivors but always felt like I was in a hurry due to the strict time limits. It felt like I had this themepark to explore but not enough time to see all the sites and sounds. So the new game doesn't have as strict a time limt  which means you can explore at your own pace which is great making weapons but it has lost the urgency . It seems like getting what you want isn't always a good thing as the last Dead Rising games could be infuriating because of the time limit but also fast paced and frantic.I found that killing zombies is fun but eventually it becomes a little meaningless so it looks like Capcom really knew what they were doing with the time limits as crafting stronger weapons ensures that you could go about your missions much faster .Dead Rising3 now feels like any other Zombie game although it's still a lot of fun.Also now survivors are able to take care of themselves and are able to follow you around without dying like in previous games.Now for some negatives.  The map is downright confusing , frequently you will find yourself traveling in the direction you need to go to start the next mission only to be stopped by areas that are completely blocked off from vehicles and people. Most open world games now have means of guiding the player to the next mission via  the road being lit up so you can follow it straight to the destination. Seeing as so many routes are blocked off compared to other open world games it's ironic not have an in game GPS system.Other routes require you to get onto roads with bridges  but when you look at the 2D map everything looks like it's on ground level and not high roads with bridges,People have called this out as a bare bones port to PC and it is, even the frame rate is locked to 30fps but Eurogamer has an article and the ini file to download to unlock the frame rate. Even though it's a bare bones port it's still able to run at 2.25x the resolution of XB1 without the frame rate dropping all the way down to the low teens like the XB1 version so if you fancied playing this game when it launched on XB1 a few months ago then I suggest you buy it as I am enjoying it despite it being a bare bones port as I would rather have a bare bones port than having to buy an XB1 just to play an inferior version"
,Recommended,265550,12035018,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,4u2nv,I didnt know fun until i found you baby.
,Recommended,265550,12100373,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Nafyo,"I have Gaming Laptop Asus Lamborghini i7, this game i am facing horrible lags and crashes, even if i lowered the graphics and resolutions still the same. please Capcom, fix this problem."
,Recommended,265550,12020207,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,YumaKirosaki,"What I liked:- Super glad this was put on PC to begin with -- let's not forget it was announced and advertised as a XBOXONE exclusive for the longest time.- Definitely an improvement over Dead Rising 2 in a lot of ways. If you even liked the last game a little bit, this game will likely be a lot of fun for you as well. The game keeps that odd mix of sillyness and seriousness that the other games had.- Playtime of about 21 hours (Did most side missions and beat the game with [S] rating within 3-4 days of the 7 day limit), with a lot of reasons to keep playing for additional fun (Bonus DLC missions, game reruns, Nightmare mode, etc). EDIT: An additional speed run-ish on nightmare mode (only did story and one or two psycho missions) granted an 8 hour playthrough. So, if you ignore everything, you can beat the game in about eight hours.- Despite complaints from others it ran relatively fine on my system, albeit not always at 60.What I didn't like:- About half as many psychopaths as the last game (ish).- Terrible issues with texture popping.- Half the time NPCs (especially the co-op character) are invisible.- Crashed several times in the middle of doing co-op for seemingly -no- reason. One particularly annoying crash pushed a friend of mine out of the game right as we were about to fight the final boss. I was not able to reinvite him.- 60 FPS came and went, which kinda isn't justified for a supposedly next-gen experience. Also, shadows would often mess up completely, but that could be anything.- A lot of people are having issues with optimization.- Anyone who plays this game is going to learn this: Blockades are ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. Someone tell the Dead Rising team to STOP DOING THEM.Overall, I'd recommend it, but you might want to wait to see if your computer can run it, or even just wait until it goes on sale. To me, 20h is a fine amount of first playthrough gameplay."
,Recommended,265550,12242790,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Jay,Only thing missing is the sandbox mode :c
76561197968693691,Recommended,265550,12063430,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,RazerTooth,"Well i guess im one of the luckier people who got to enjoy this great game right out of the starting gate,given that im using a geoforce gtx560 i wasnt sure how it was gonna run as its apparently below the minimum specs but to my suprise it runs really well actually with the view distance shoved quite far up and alot of the settings on high (Except things like mirrors and shadows which usually cripple games without supercomputers running them).So yea im loving it especially the sheer amount of zombies on screen as it really gives it that APPOCALYPSE feel to it and its what i hoped state of decay was gonna be like when i bought that.So dont listen to the nay sayers because if you can run it then you are in for one hell of a great game."
76561198080114872,Recommended,265550,13742191,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Hunting Horn,the fact that the full game is just a black screen makes this game next freaking gen!!!!best game ever 10/10 should be called black screen sim!
76561198038832225,Recommended,265550,11994505,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Skankhunt42,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing great, even at 30 fps. Just make sure that your computer is able to run it (I recommend at least an HIS Iceq X 7870 instead of a normal 7870 or a higher graphics card). So far the only problems i've had with it was one freeze when I entered the steamroller. Specs: HIS iceq X2 7870, AMD FX-8350, and 8 GB 1600 RAM."
76561197984849424,Recommended,265550,25110113,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,a.u.b.primdal,Simpel and fun. Good to take your mind of things.
,Recommended,265550,11994349,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,SuperToxicBeast,"Dead Rising 3 is AWESOME, dispite its glitches at the moment... (I was one of the lucky ones to not get a single glitch except for frame rate drop)-But nothing crashes- Nothing lags...-The port is perfectly fineI guess you can say i was pretty lucky... :)The game is clearly worth a buy, (in my opinion) if you can look past all the glitches. I do hope they add more fixes though! :P"
,Recommended,265550,12285692,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Matlas,"Despite everything, I don't regret buying this game. I've crashed at least once but that was after my first playthrough. I still haven't used all the weapons yet, as there are over 390 weapons/items to used against the zombies and psychos of Los Perdidos. Nick is a welcome new protagonist in my opinion, the youngest in the series and the most naive and good natured of the bunch yet arguably the most vicious and crafty of the lot. The map is massive and varied, the colors are a bit washed out however. The new progression system is a welcome change in my opinion and it really allows you to rollout the game how you want it too. The new Combo Vehicles are some of the most fun parts of the game to use and to navigate the world. (Rollerhawg for life.) On top of the long single/co-op campaign, we have 4 pretty lengthy DLC Episodes which round out the package and give you a greater understanding of exactly what happened to cause the outbreak. Over 40 hours put into and many more ahead of me."
76561198042357119,Recommended,265550,13982104,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,XXXhasho,"Great game, although it's very short.You can have so much fun just messing around in this."
,Recommended,265550,13997608,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Kusgras,"The only problem I have is framedrops, but that's my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AMD graphic cardI love this game, it's fun. Exploring, crafting, Fighting zombies with crazy weaponsDriving right through 500 zombies witha vehicle is so satisfying"
,Recommended,265550,11995003,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Devx-,♥♥♥♥ you capcom. You dispointed me. Laptop user can't even play. I wasted my money for pre purchase.
,Recommended,265550,12018571,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,a straight dragon,"AMAZING GAME!  The craftable weapons are incredable, costumes are kooky and strange vhiecle customization is insane, and plot is verry good only downside is the time limit wish there was a free mode where there is no time"
76561198028032411,Recommended,265550,11992005,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Claylex,"EDIT MY OPINION HAS NOW CHANGED DUE TO THE PATCH AND THE NVIDIA PATCH THANK YOU: Welp after 2 weeks of waiting Capcom has finally put forth a patch that fixes many of the crashes that were hindering Dead Rising 3, not only that but they collaborated with NVIDIA to fix issues for people using their graphic's cards (though AMD graphic card users are still suffering). In the end it worked personally, I have no crashes, am able to join peoples games, and enjoy it as it is. I personally wait till they patch this more or until this goes for sale for 30.00. I would give this game a 8/10."
76561198087002164,Not Recommended,265550,12197941,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Jessebigballs100,"This game on pc is laggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥and can barely be played i would not reccoment buying this unless your computer is one of the worlds best, thats $50 im not getting back"
,Recommended,265550,25669888,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,DupstepAlex078,Dead Rising 3 in my opinion is a awesome  game with you Nick Ramos stuck in a city for 6 days trying to escape it. With combo weapons returning some old some new but i have one grip the fact that you can buy combo catagories istead of looking for the right stuff for whatever you need or want. One of the other improvements is that you choose what upgrades you want from Life and Inventory to Ranged and Agility so pick what you want to suit you. The time limit has been greatly increased from about 3 and a half days to a whopping 6 days and the in-game time to real life has increased if you want the game to go back to it's base pick nightmare mode you can only save in toilets and the time till the game ends increases so i rate it a solid 9.5/11
76561198137168455,Recommended,265550,15942007,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,jontheoverlord,"I'm giving it a Recommend because I do like it, but it comes with this.Dead Rising 3 shows off the troubling attitude of Capcom in a big way just like Resident Evil 6 did, DR3 and RE6 were victims of “broader appeal”. But the trouble with that is, it doesn’t work. Players liked the previous games for the reason simply being, they liked the formula set out by the creators it’s as simple as that. Capcom, we know you’re terrified but arbitrarily adding mindless action and taking away the more unique elements from a game series is a great way of losing the core fan base.The first game, Dead Rising, was a relatively difficult survival experience with an amazing atmosphere with many memorable moments such as the very well set up bosses, Adam the clown anyone? It had a unique charm to it that got it a dedicated following, even if it had 1 or 2 technical problems (survivor AI being the biggest, which could be fixed in the HD remaster)The second game, Dead rising 2, was more concentrated on a bright, interactive environment with lots of comedy (the pink tricycle, waterslide etc.) and a good balance with the combo weapons by not making Chuck too overpowered with them. It continued some of that unique charm while adding to the game and the dedicated following grew.The third game, Dead Rising 3, was clearly trying far too hard to appeal to everyone but ended up hurting the core fan base as a result, it reduced the comedic value into just silly combo weapons and a few silly costumes to be the comedy and for me even worse, the survival horror aspect was reduced to practically zero, same as Resident Evil 6, now isn’t that strange? DR3 is far too easy because of the lenient, on-the-go crafting system and that weapons locker as well. even with nightmare mode!"
,Recommended,265550,11992958,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,zzzackk2468,"EDIT!~ I deleted the folder i put in the directory that uncapped the 30 fps cap, and it seemed to reduce the amount of crashes, but not by much, please capcom, make this game greatThe game... is a masterpiece, as a DR fan since day one (not literally day one, lol) I can truly say this is worth $50! Especially since it comes with $30 worth of DLC for FREE! It is so fun, the combo weapons never cease to amaze me and the new car combos made the game so much better. The only issue is that it keeps crashing, not rapidly, but signifigantly enough for it to be a burden. Please fix this capcom. I want this game to continue to blow me away11/10 would steamroll survivors again1/10 would see ""Dead Rising 3.exe has stopped working"" again, allday, everyday, for life, well, actually, i woudnt want to..."
,Recommended,265550,24187623,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Murf,"great game, the game did crash every 15 min but I fixed it, all you have to do it disable 3d touch keyboard, idk what its called for sure just look it up if your game is crashing every 15 min :D"
76561198116478019,Recommended,265550,13279799,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,samoth_zyklon,Didnt work until Oct 17th Patch - works & runs fine on my pretty average laptop now.HP Envy somethingIntel Core i7-4700mq cpu @ 2.4ghz16g RamNvidia Ge Force GT 740mI have kept the settings low & havent had many problems except a few crashes - maybe 4 or 5 over the course of the game.
76561197989204249,Not Recommended,265550,14791913,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Durbin,"Dead Rising 3 has qwircky humor, awesome weapon and vehicle recipes, and fun game play.  On the other hand I do not recommend the game.  The game is fun up to around chapter 5.  The side quest are timed and boring and the escort side quest are just plain awful.  The game really really have done without chapter 8 it tells you to go one place but it is actually somewhere else and the quest bar fills up and you loose.  The game is also still very very buggy as hell."
76561198023087281,Not Recommended,265550,14316296,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,harmony,worlds best crash simulator sure its fun if you want to walk through walls but.... after my dead rising 2 stopped working i was alone no dead rising until DEAD RISING 3!!!! i wait 10 hours and well...you need combo cards to make anything no great felling when getting a car but most of all the L.A.G loser anticipated goop why is this so bad WHY!!!!!
76561197989376895,Recommended,265550,12004371,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Flummoxed Lummox,"Let me start out by saying that I've been a big fan of the series since day one.  The intensity and excitement of navigating through overwhelming zombie hordes and narrowly escaping is unmatched by any game.  All three installments of the series succeed in making me feel like I'm in a movie.  Each game has improved upon it's predecessor, changing or removing features that were annoying or slowed the game down.  One example of this is escort missions. It used to be that every survivor had to be brought back to the safe house, which is fun to an extent, but could be terribly frustrating at times.  They made the game more stream-lined by having some of the survivors require only that you save them or help them in some way.  This means you can rescue them without having to go all the way back to a safe zone, then you can be on your way.  I also like how they made the survivors better able to defend themselves, and there are even talent points that can further improve their fighting skills.  Yes, now you can spend talent points as you level up, which allows you to customize your character to your play style.  Vehicles in DR3 are alot more usefull than in the first two Dead Rising games, as you are outside (instead of trapped in a mall) and have to travel long distances.  You can modify vehicles into killing machines too.  Lose your vehicle?  Well I had fun just jumping from car to car on their roofs.  Climbing and jumping have been drastically improved and the movement in general is a lot less stiff.  Finally, the boss fights I've done so far have been challenging, dynamic, and kick♥♥♥♥♥  All aspects of the game are substantially better.  Where the first two games were pretty similar to each other, this one stands out as the pinnacle...dare I say, the best zombie game ever?  So far, the answer is yes, prompting me to write my first review ever.Now, I will briefly address the elephant in the room.  People have been raging out that the game won't run on their computers.  Well, this is a truly next-gen game.  I built my rig to be competitive with consoles so that I can play games like this.  People that are trying to play on laptops and under-geared desktops shouldn't write bad reviews just because the game crashed at the title screen.  If you didn't get past the capcom logo when starting up the game, how can you say the game sucks?  Sounds to me like you didn't even play the game.  I played the game for hours non-stop on the day I got it, interupted only because the sun came up and indicated that I had lost track of reality.  Here's a list of my specs so you know what's required to play next-gen console games on pc:gpu: GeForce GTX 780 TiRAM: 16 gigsCPU: AMD FX-8350 Vishera 8-core (4.0 GHz)Motherboard: Asus Crosshair V"
76561198083632230,Recommended,265550,25868704,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,ragediver,"Ok I'm not gonna jump on the hate train this game seems to have created. First off, I bought it on Steam on sale with all the DLC so it was nice getting to the have the DLC weapons in my safehouses. That said, the bottom line up front is that this game is super fun to play but has a ton of issues with game saves. I am on my third restart of the game. This mind you after haviing done all the story missions, the lost missions, and collecting all the blueprints and the collectibles. When I loaded up this morning I lost my level ( i think I was in the upper 40s), lost my inventory size, and lost my crafting ability. This is the only game where I've ever had this much issue with the steam cloud.Pros- Huge Map, lots of guns, lots of combo weapons, plenty to do without having to stay with the storyline, great graphics with the exception of framerate. Lots of interesting bosses.Cons- Framerate is just abysmal. I'm running a GTX 970 with 24GB ram 3.5 GHz Cpu and plenty of hard drive space and sometimes the game would dip down below 20fps. The driving controls on PC will frustrate you and make you want to opt for the controller. That said, the aiming of weapons is much better on PC.All in all, great time playing this game, but really tired of losing my progress. It still kept my achievements however so I'm stilll going for 100% completion (71/88 right now)"
,Recommended,265550,16918027,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Snovicus,"Dead Rising 3 is a fun game with solid open world design, even if it's not quite as enjoyable as Dead Rising 2. This PC port is pretty mediocre, though."
76561198039282813,Not Recommended,265550,14508012,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,TheDashingHoodlum,Unless you've got the recommended settings to play this game you are going to have a hard time enjoying the game. Yes the story is great the characters are fantastic the ability to kick zombie♥♥♥♥♥is all there and the weapons that you can ccreate make it even more fun plus the ability to drive all over the place. But like I said before unless the recommendations are on your computer this game is gonna run horrible. In an opinion I love the Dead Rising series and Capcom but this port seemed to be a let down. Good game bad port
,Recommended,265550,11997446,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Kamchak Fisko,"Well, it's official. They took the best parts of DR2 and OTR and made it better. This new edition removes almost every annoying feature from the older games. They also ramped up the graphics and gameplay quality. Just make sure you have a rig that can run it and you'll have a blast. Looking forward to coop. (Not to mention to better framerates and quality on the pc version.)"
76561197971813181,Recommended,265550,23881693,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jon Bear,"I love the first two dead rising games but held off on playing this one because of various reasons. Now that I have time to try it, I'm pleasantly surprised. It does a lot of things different. It's more weighty, like every swing and movement has a realistic delay to it. Once you get used to it though, I found this game to be much more immersive than the previous ones. It gives you that desperate feeling of trying to avoid zombies, running through the streets looking for supplies. Wherever it can though, it doesn't sacrifice fun for realism.It's less colorful than its predecessors, but its got character. It controls better and you have a good dodge move from the get-go. Boss battles still come down to trading blows, and running away to eat food for health. Some gamers might not like that, and wonder why bosses survive an assault rifle to the head.All in all, its a unique sandbox zombie game and I wholly recommend it. I have not experienced any technical difficulties, and a youtube video shows you how to unlock the framerate."
76561198059364749,Recommended,265550,31226249,Posted: 18 April,all,Lobster Surgeon,"Every iteration of Dead Rising strays farther and farther away from the original game in difficulty and charm but DR3 hits a lot of nails on the head and really does a lot more right than it does wrong. I've spent more time with DR 1 and 2 than I'd like to admit and this one is going to keep me coming back based on fanservice, replayability, and co-op alone. It's much easier than it's predecessors, it encourages you to have a lot more fun with the game world although it has what feels like less of an attention to detail in the overworld. It's probably not worth 30$ at this point in the release cycle but if they shave 10$ off this is a strong recommendation. If you're a big fan of the series in general you won't be disappointed in the price tag however. about 8 hours in and I feel like I've gotten my money's worth."
76561197972483399,Recommended,265550,33356503,Posted: 7 July,all,Hamburger!,"I say this to everyone I know who enjoys the zombie genre like I do -- nobody captures hordes like the Dead Rising Series. Add the fact that it doesn't take itself too seriously (but you can keep it gritty or comical to your level of enjoyment for the most part) and I say 3 is a more than worthy addition to the series, especially considering ""Off the record"" was a big disappointment.This. Game. Rocks.The apocalypse addition also saves you the hassle of ""DLC weapons"" and other features allowing for a more immersive experience, I got it on sale and I am glad -- I don't like microtransactions in my game. Throw on top of the regular campaign FOUR separate scenarios ""Untold stories of the outbreak"" and things get really cool... you play as characters who would be your enemies and people who put the world as you find it in the campaign in a certain context enriching the depth of the game.All told, no regrets and it's all good. Fun, funny, and so overstimulating I even needed to take regular breaks! Not for the faint of heart!RECOMMENDED."
,Recommended,265550,12013409,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,[DeNo] The Wicked Viking,I really enjoy this game. No issues what so ever.  10/10
76561198087848849,Recommended,265550,21959662,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,BanannaSlamma,"If you like the dead rising series then you'll like this game, if youre a little ♥♥♥♥♥ that doesn't know whats up you'll write a stupid review complaining about your life"
76561198000453031,Recommended,265550,16931991,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,DarthAdios [RG#6],"This game runs silk smooth on my Phenom II processor, so I can say that all talk about bad PC-port is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ! This game runs and works much better on my PC than State of Decay.And there is no anymore those annoying timelimits so you can enjoy killing zombies and take your time.Only downside is that crafting system is dumbed down.Overall great game, if you liked State of decay or previous Dead rising-games you really should play this.**Update** Now with my new PC this runs perfectly with full setttings."
76561198016827670,Recommended,265550,12013389,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,LovelyPencils,great with co-op game! Endless ways to kill zombies!
,Not Recommended,265550,13647236,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Bitch Pudding,"The performance of this game is awful, even on powerful systems. Unless you have a supercomputer from space (that doesn't use SLI/Crossfire) it will be a stutterfest for you."
,Recommended,265550,15865643,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DNA,GTX765m+resolution1366*768(60HZ)+medium quality+unlocked frame rate=30~50fpsPS:GTX765m≈GTX650
,Recommended,265550,34355901,Posted: 19 August,all,Recklesce,It's been about 7 hours since I bought it and I have  6 hours played.
,Recommended,265550,12245462,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,EvilLord,The game is good but optimization is really bad =\
76561198009206733,Recommended,265550,12047974,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,☣-Sy-☣,"I dont know what the problem is but i can play the game just fine. It has not crashed once for me on medium settings and i have 2 year old computer with 650 gtx card, 8gig ram, AMD quad core cpu which i cant remeber what speed it is.Anyway i been really enjoying Dead rising 3, plenty of zombies to chop which is always fun , plenty of humor with the pyscho's bosses.The customs weapons and vehicles are great for the open world which is better than stuck inside a mall in the last 2 games. The story however is abit boring in my opinion, i think the Dev's should done better with creatively.There are bugs in the game i found which i hope be fixed soon, like the aiming cam bug can get really annoying, some textures gitching and vehicles bug which make you flip into air when drive through a ton of zombies.I give Dead Rising 3 , 7/10"
76561198006940245,Recommended,265550,12015047,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Jun Kasai,"A++++++ People complaining have bad computers, period. Runs better than XBOX one on my comp and looks beautiful with 800 zombies in a big mob with 0 lag, and I never bothered removing the FPS cap either. 100% people need to get better computers before complaining about a flawless game."
76561197972144560,Not Recommended,265550,12012203,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Elusive,this is harder to play then demon souls.. you have to get past the load screan boss.. then the FPS boss.. then the random crash mini boss.. god..
,Recommended,265550,13796551,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,vash4056,great gameplay funny story
76561198089958286,Recommended,265550,12202108,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Venom Snake,"Amazingly fun game, The amount of whacky things you can do in this game is UNREAL! Even tho combat gets repetitive but it is very enjoyable, I really recommend the game.Pros:-1- FUN FUN FUN2-Great for co-op with a friend3- Has alot of content so even if you beat the game you can still come back to it.4-A cool surprise in the end.Cons:-1-Bad optimization, I got a powerful rig myself but I sometimes have fps drops.2-Story was average.If you can deal with the cons I posted, you're in for a good time !"
76561197998829232,Not Recommended,265550,13680065,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TheScout,"Until Capcom decides to fix the launch problems of this port do not, I repeat DO NOT buy this game..."
,Recommended,265550,16467419,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,twitch.tv/dlauv🎃,A whole lot of fun.  Game goes full-musou.Just remember to enable triple buffering in your GPU's interface.
,Recommended,265550,13902485,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Beesnipes,"Dead Rising was not a let-down from its predecessors, more than anything, it was a step up. Many people are complaining about how the game runs, but I've learned depending on the parts in your build, even if it is powerful, may not react well with this game. I've put $1,200 total into my build with 16gb ram, gtx 760, and an fx8350. Game runs very well for me. I've just experienced the same problem with other games."
76561198323951845,Not Recommended,265550,25096174,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,MisterVictor,"As much as I want to, I just can't give this game a positive review. I should have done a quick Google search on the game, but my zombie game fanboyness got the best of me (ugh, impulse buys... game and all DLC less than $20. Didn't hesitate on the mouse for one second).The first time playing was a great experience. I got through the first chapter just fine and started to fall in love with the game, as I did with the previous Dead Rising titles I've played on consoles. Before I get into the aggrivating issues this game has, let me say that when it works, it is a joy to play. Love the gameplay. I'd absolutely reccomend this game to any Xbox One players.The second chapter is where it gets bad. The game kept crashing after about 10-15 minutes of gameplay. My PC more than meets the reccomended system requirements for this game, but i figured maybe something isnt performing correctly, so just to try it, I changed the visual setting to low (something I KNOW my PC will keep up with) and had the same result. Boom, crash. I did some Google searching and it seems that this was a major problem with many people's copies of the game. I read somewhere that if I rolled back my Nvidia driver, the issue would be resolved. I wasn't too happy about having outdated drivers, but hey, if I can play it's worth it, right? I rolled back the driver, rebooted, and fired up the game. ""Oh wow, there goes 20 minutes!"" I thought to myself. ""This is going to work. Awesome"".45 minutes into gameplay, and boom, crash again. With more research, I found out that some people may still experience crashes, just less frequently. ""Maybe they've patched this and it wasn't included in the install or updates for some reason."" Nope. The last patch was put out over a year ago, and it seems that the game has been completely abandoned, with no final fix.This game has single-handedly made me lose faith in Capcom, and I'll be very hesitant to purchase another game produced by them."
76561197970547009,Recommended,265550,13877930,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Crazy,So this is a great dead rising sequal lots of people say its really bad and crashes alot on the pc but it runs fine for me the only thing that is stupid is theres a 30 fps cap that you have to turn off
,Not Recommended,265550,32425858,Posted: 14 June,all,Nautical Soap,"Only reccomend if you get this on a sale like i didI loved this game for the weapons, killing zombies,making awesome cars.  ( story wasn't too bad, i wikied most of the first and second game, so i had some knowledge of  the lore)missions for the psychos were great, missed one but i will say some things:different missions (most of the main missions reached repetitive points, where i drove around town and the killed things)a freeroam at the end of the game ( so as to collect all the collectibles and names, trophies, even some of the side quests that remained DX )"
76561198082375816,Not Recommended,265550,14203684,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,DERPI,poorly optimised and gameplay is repetetive and boring.  The map is blocked off in many places making it very anooying to get around.
,Not Recommended,265550,11994018,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,WhippyLizard,Does not work at all on high end hardware and requires way to much horsepower to run at even 30FPS.This is a beta product by all accounts. Please read the forums and wait until the all clear is sounded (if ever)before spending your money on this product.
76561198138962678,Not Recommended,265550,11991316,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Hunter Senpia,OK This game is alot of things its bad and good but mostly bad but hear this its MANEGABLE but it crashes alot and lags like a SOM OF A ♥♥♥♥♥ but u can play it not with a friend cause co op SUCKS i was hopping this would be good cause im not getting XB1 for anther 3 monthes at this time but its♥♥♥♥♥♥i can manege it but not really IF U ARE READING THIS AND U HAVENT GOT THE GAME ♥♥♥♥ING DONT OK THIS IS YOUR WARNING WAST OF 45$ but if u got it like me and preordered it then u know it sucks dont get it get and XB1 it deosent crash NO LAG and co op is actully fun so get it thier. AND lastly I HAVE A ♥♥♥♥ING MAC THAT COST 700$ AND THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥STILL IS SLOW AND CRASHES PAC MAN I FUNNIER THEN THIS
76561198094498484,Not Recommended,265550,11990993,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,sevro au barca,Have sli 770's and cant run this on high. Noticed that my second card isnt even being used. SLI does not work with this game and there are people out there running titans who have frame rates drop to below 30. If sli doesnt work and a titan doesnt max everything out then there is nothing you can do to make this run better. This is complete robbery.
76561198081173619,Not Recommended,265550,11993634,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,*QUIT GAMING*,If you are going to get this game... remember to get bugspray first.
,Recommended,265550,12000053,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,macadamstreet,"this evaluation is at now (some things can evolute in futur). i give it a positive point due to the fun on it.this game is good fun and ultra bloody. build some crazy weapons and vehicules and jut kill them all zombis with it, of course it have a story, maybe some not like the chrono implented on this game (make this before chrono stop or its gone, mission fail, try next time..etc..) save survivors and kill boss..some good points , some bad, i give it a 5/10 for now. all points with an * can probably be fixed in futur+ zombis everywhere, lots lots of zombis+ crazy weapons+ crazy vehicules+ nice graphism- too many cliché from DR2 in the story (i not have finish it yet, but it already have alots)- optimised by milkshake * (need powerful pc for work correctly.. my is not powerful i turn it in medium setting and it still ok, but dont expect to run it full details at max on medium pc)- chronos- zombrexat final, this game is cool but bad optimisation make it bad, and it containt very too much similary situation than dead rising 2 , too much. not a big innovation on it and please devs, in futur dont put all the effort on the graphics and put some in an good story (a real new story)"
,Recommended,265550,13753924,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dr̀acu͜laf̸e͡t͏us̀,"An underrated open-world zombie murder-fest hindered by a shoddy PC port.This is basically Dead Rising 2, most if not all of the weapons are available and some costumes make a return. Overall if you like Dead Rising then this is worth looking in to. A few things have changed, but some have stayed the same. Pretty much a ""If it isn't broken don't fix it"" kinda thing.The biggest difference is the crafting, you can craft anywhere instead of running to a maintenance area. This I prefer over Dead Rising 2, it keeps everything moving forward instead of carrying 2/3 items you want to craft together. You can also save wherever too.Another difference is when you get grabbed by a zombie, you only need to press 1 button instead of borderline breaking your analog stick by shaking it. (This is still present in boss fights.)They also added vehicles, they're not that great. You might as well run through zombies, cars and trucks just grind to a halt if you drive through a group, and there are way more zombies than Dead Rising 2. I killed around 19,000 in 1 playthrough.The companions are meatshields, they don't really attack when given a weapon, they take forever to get in the car, the pathfinding is average and the only way to dismiss them is to get in a car and drive away from them. They're totally pointless and become a huge burden/borderline escort mission towards the end.The biggest negative are the psychopath boss fights. Basically every fight is in a pseudo-arena. You're pretty much caged into every fight, doors are locked, gates are shut etc. You're stuck in that fight until you win. All of these bosses are not fun to fight, they're annoying and tedious, they feel completely out of place from the rest of the game. The bosses seem to serve no purpose at all other than being the 7 deadly sins.The PC quality is pretty average, there are a lot of options but the game chugs in places, the LOD is ridiculously low and there are tonnes of texture AND model pop-ins. Tho Dead Rising 2 wasn't too great of a port either.Overall the majority of the game is great, I went into this thinking it was going to be a complete mess and that I could poke fun at it. It's a shame that the bosses are super mundane and that the port quality is pretty bad, but there's a lot of fun to be had if you can look past the flaws."
,Recommended,265550,14184162,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,-ikon- aerosucks,i play this on a dell inspiron 15r se laptop and it runs 10/10 and hasn't crashed at all lol
76561198042303682,Recommended,265550,11996929,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Basherzz,"I personally love this game and would recommend it to anyone I can. However, I seem to be one of the lucky ones without harware issues. After uncapping the FPS I get a solid 60+ with close to no dips. The gameplay, graphics and story are all great, but I can't guarantee you won't have any issues like I did. If you're willing to take a small risk, this game is a must have for anyone looking for a fun time :DScore : 9/10"
,Not Recommended,265550,14318180,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Archangel Ferrus,"Waste of money, Waste of time, and Capcom being stupid with PC, why? Cause the game has very difficult problems loading, and playing this game will be an absolute waste of time cause when you first do, it decides to crash cause Capcom is nothing but an Idiot when it comes to making PC games for Steam, so please, WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME, cause you will regret IT!"
,Not Recommended,265550,28806471,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Paracosm Jackikins,"I love the Dead Rising franchise. I'm sure this game is AMAZING, but it's so buggy it's not even fun to play... I'm sorry for giving a negative review, but it's just not running. My PC should be able to run it easilyCPU - AMD FX 8350GPU - GTX 970RAM - 32GB @ 2400Mhz"
,Recommended,265550,12025026,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Stripstroke,"Dead Rising 3Dead Rising 3 takes place in 2021, tens years after the events of the Fortune City outbreak. The story is about a mechanic named ""Nick Ramos"" and his attempt to survive a massive zombie outbreak in the city of Los Perdidos.The Pro's• Graphics Options.• Responsive Controls & Controller Support.• Collectables, Exploration & Free-roam.• Side Quests, Boss Fights, Co-op & Story.• Combo Weapons & Vehicles.• Animations, Voice Acting & Music.• Character Outfits, Leveling & Skill Unlocks.• “Untold Stories of Los Perdidos” (DLC)• Nightmare Mode.The Con's• Optimization.• Co-op partner does not appear in cut-scenes.• Untold Stories of Los Perdidos does not have co-op.""Dead Rising 3 is like Saints Row with it's emphasis highly on mass amounts of zombie carnage.""Score: 9.5"
,Not Recommended,265550,11978361,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Jekiru42,how come dead rising is not working with my PC.. Im stuck in the capcom logo
,Recommended,265550,12018699,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Krauser,"This game, When first release since it being from a console and ported to the PC, has a few issues with lag other than that i feel it really is an amazing game i've waited two years for this game and it finally being released on pc makes me so happy the game iteself the story the character development is by far my favorite and how much time you get in the game to run around and do whatever you want is a bonus there isn't so much worry about oh only 3 days man what a bummer now its like yeah apocalypse fun for everyone.Perks: Zombies, More zombies, Hey look more zombies!Killing ZombiesDriving over zombiesOwning zombies with a variety of different guns and melee weaponsAll those zombiesFlaws: At first it may be my rig but it has high expectations for a game with it not for someone with a casual gaming pceven on low there is minor lag with driving and killing zombies because of all the zombies spawning all over the placeother than that game is a fun solid piece of awesome."
,Not Recommended,265550,12029462,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,TheLegitSwissCheese,"Really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, devs apparently dont even test games anymore to make sure they function and actually run smoothly. About 90% of people who have bought this game have had all sorts of issues and they never managed to pick up on this when 'testing' and continued to release the game regardless. Have some ♥♥♥♥ing decency and make the game playable before sending it out to be purchased and robbing people of their money, it shouldn't be allowed to do this kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥to people at all. Congratulations on ruining a franchise by not thinking about other peoples perspectives of what their first experience of the game would be like."
,Not Recommended,265550,12000847,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,OLIVE,"im sure it would be great if it wanted to get past the loading screen, feeling like a wast of money right now.. but hopfully a patch will be released soon for every one having troubles with this game.. people who havent purchased this game yet and wanting to just wait untill you hear the game is running good, other wize you might just be out $50 with an unplayable game.."
,Recommended,265550,24144788,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,YOLOWE,"After playing DR3 on release on console I decided to take advantage of the Steam Summer Sale pricing and try it out on PC. I understand that many have had problems with the porting and the frame rate of this particular game, but I for one am not completely sure why I have not run into any of these problems. I have never run into any issues with this game let alone minor problems.That being said I would reccomend this game as I believe its a fun-arcade open world game that invites the player to explore aswell as decimate zombies in huge numbers. In comparison to DR1 and DR2 the psycho fights are easier, the weapons are more vast. A lot of people including me have an issue with the bomb timer within the Dead Rising series, however in DR3 its not really an issue as you can select a play style before starting a new game, declaring if you wanna speed through or explore every bit of detail the game has to offer. Its a real shame that so many have had trouble with the porting and fram rate as it really is an enjoyable title in my opinion.Looking forward to Dead Rising 4!"
76561197970558053,Recommended,265550,12228367,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Jakee,"love it! was concerned I would not be able to run it, I only meet 1/2 the min specs, with my 6+ year old hand built PC. It runs very well, I get a few hickups around night 6 when I have 100's of zombies in the streets all trying to eat me, but in no way is it a game breaker. Most  I notice are when unkown players are joining my game after they connect fully I don't get them anymore. Pros:The new modes are very cool! on the fly building of weapons and cars, ability to play with almost maxed settings, joining other players games and not loosing points or levels, able to reload my own game and retain skills learned in other players games, all very niceCon's: no advanced warning when a player is trying to enter your game other then a lagged game until they appear next to you, No in game text to other players if they aren't on your friends list and your speech impaired there is no communications.All in all great game multi-storied buildings alot are enterable the story is fun and wow thats a ton of zombies! would be nice if I had friends that played it, as is I have hosted start to finish 3 entire games and working on 4th. I did alot of alt tabbing one game and had my one and only crash since then I pause game before I bring up steam to chat! but the game engine reminds me of Saints row 3 and 4 in terms of camera and toon control. I just came to see what friends I had that want it or own it since I was away. Recomended yes very much so."
,Recommended,265550,12019618,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Echos Firebrand,"Capcom, the amount of Ire I have for you is boundless. first you cancel Megaman Legends 3, then megaman is gone forever, all you do is pathetic ports of wonderful games and you make other people make sequels of beloved franchises, you moneygrubbing worthless ♥♥♥♥s. I want a refund for this catastrophe.Note: This is as of a month ago i'm speaking about.My Ire for Capcom has not changed, but this game is different. they fixed the gamecrashing and save-deleting bugs (?) it seems. the game is phenomenal. very enjoyable through and through. the story was good, and it feels like they tied things up well in the end. This gets a recommended now. the game is good. the company is not. buy on sale."
76561197987003883,Not Recommended,265550,12278282,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Gip,Been over a month and still doest work what a piece of garbage.
76561198067561082,Recommended,265550,16433197,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mr. Dr. Professor Savage,"It's actually a realy fun game, but! DO NOT BUY IF YOUR COMPUTER ISNT A TOP OF THE LINE GAMING COMPUTER! The port is the furthest of being good and not every computer can handle ityou have been warned, purchase at your own risk"
,Recommended,265550,23950988,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,MTXIbuki,"Not a bad followup to one of the best games of 2010So I'm a huge Dead Rising fan, and I really need to get this off my chest. With Keiji and the original Dead Rising team gone, Capcom Vancouver has to develop the Dead Rising series themselves. So how did they do for the 4th installment? (I'm counting OTR and not CTYD) Oh god where to begin.It still feels like Dead Rising, the survival horror aspect is obviously there, killing zombies in the most craziest ways possible while wearing the silliest of outfits. The time limit is there, but it's almost pointless unless you're playing Nightmare mode. You have 6 days to escape the city and that just seems like way too much time to give considering how short the game is to begin with. Since I speedran for my first playthrough (I was spoiled 2 things in the game and wanted to beat it as soon as I got it) it only took me about 4-5 hours. If you don't speedrun it, it'll probably take you 7-8 hours at the most. Some stupid additions include a weapons locker at safe houses, which really kills the point of scavenging for weapons. Survivors that follow you are now considered followers, and can be summoned and dismissed at will ala Saints Row. Special moves have been replaced with a combo system, which gives you the ability to perform one after a certain amount of kills instead of performing specials at will. None of these changes feel right at all and they don't need to be in a Dead Rising game.Overall, I'd have to give Dead Rising 3 a6/10. While it's still hindered by stupid changes the devs decided to make, it's still a fun game. I recommend it, but you should play through Dead Rising 1 & 2 first. Then you'll understand how I feel about Dead Rising 3."
76561198098229578,Recommended,265550,13758267,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,BadlyDrawnFox,"You can put hats on zombies... 11/10There are a lot of negative reviews of this game purely on the basis that the game crashes and has bugs, however I have not experienced any of these so far and I am loving the game!So, the game:The game itself is right up my street. Lots of zombies, cool upgrades and a sense of humour. Some aspects of the game are slightly lacking compared to it's predecessors, but in a way this makes it it's own game. The previous two games were more cartoony, funny and light, and DR3 tries to be a more serious game, but manages to keep some of the charms of the previous games like combo weapons and being able to put hats on zombies. There is only one issue that I have with the game and that is that when you're running and stop to check your map, Nick seems to temporarily forget how to move forward. This really annoyed me to begin with, but is easily fixed by double tapping the UP arrow key. As I said, a little thing which can be very frustrating at times, but doesn't detract from my enjoyment of the game.I think that it's very unfair of people to review a game which crashes and that in some cases the reviewer hasn't even played! I understand how frustrating it would be to not be able to play a game, but I think the 'Mixed' review rating is unfair and definitely not reflective of the games quality, but more likely a reflection of the quality of machine people try to make the game run on. As other reviewers have said, this game is very resource hungry; it's a big game, with good graphics and a lot going on on screen. Before purchasing I used CanIRunIt to make sure that my system wasn't going to be an issue, and would advise anyone to do this for any new high spec game unless you have an absolute beast of a machine!"
,Recommended,265550,11990784,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Shadowlander5,Been wanting to play it for ages but when i get it i found out my amazing gaming pc isnt good enough to handle it.great game but only get it if you have an ultimate computer(Edit) the performance bug has been fixed so there is nothing stopping you from playing now.
,Recommended,265550,12004057,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Dawsen,Best Zombie Game so fare
,Recommended,265550,16651334,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Pennywise the dansing klawn,"I don't really know where to begin.You play as Nick Ramos, your mission is to get out of town as there is a massive zombie outbreak going on.literally every corner is FILLED with zombies. I have never seen that many zombies in my entire life!the story is very interesting, the only downside is that the story is about 5 hours of gameplay (main missions only)and when its over, you can't continue as long as you don't want to replay a chapter from earlier..other than that, POSITIVE!!Reason: You can find blueprints and craft AWESOME weapons and vehicles, if you get bored of the main story and want something different for a while, fight psychopaths! there are many psychopaths in dead rising 3 wich are all very different. From overweighted selfish women to a male stripper and so on..worth checking out!10/10"
76561198092635851,Recommended,265550,12098239,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,nero777,fix the steam tab would be great
,Recommended,265550,13348083,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Ghost Pickle,"I played mostly on mouse and keyboard, though an Xbox 360 gamepad is naturally supported. Controls are definitely usable - I did a little remapping from defaults - but there's some weirdness. Restrictions on how far you can move the camera to look up and a complete disconnect between which way the camera's facing and which way you're moving both caused some slight frustration - nothing I couldn't get used to, though."
,Recommended,265550,12005160,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Long names are stupid,Good time waster. Those giving it a negative review just have crap battle stations. Get on my level.Beat a live girl to death with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ then beat off the zombie eating her ovaries out. (beat off... get it?)10/10
76561198115075496,Recommended,265550,12005163,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Fentanest,Please don't buy this game since Capcom didn't fix the problem and Steam release the game also.... What a wasted
76561198039841181,Recommended,265550,11998205,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,-=0GAZ0=-,"I played for a couple fo hours so far, the only issue for me currently is that there are only 2 x resolutions available in the graphics options screen which are 1280x960 and 1600x1200. the means it doesnt sit well with my 1680x1050 native resolution monitor. i am running the game on a R9 270 and so far am not experiencing any crashes at all, the more i read the more it seems to be an NVIDIA problem for the users suffering crashes?definatley worth waiting for a fix to iron out the small amount of issues i have been having, hardly issues to be fair as i can play it, I cant remember any PC game release (and ive been pc gaming since Quake) that didnt need a few fixes here and there to get running properly. this is part of PC gaming, the fact you get to test and tweak along the way. so definatley a thumbs up here, unless having your panties in a bunch is a constant problem for you, like any potential game purchase, i would wait until the issues are fixed before you buy."
76561198043619055,Recommended,265550,12000126,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,DEADLIGHT,Love the game np as of yet 13 hours in.
,Recommended,265550,12000441,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,loki,i have no issus playing this game love the game the style and the grafix   and the zombie killing fun i dont know y others are rating badly but i give this a 10/10
,Recommended,265550,12000777,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,batitoh,game keep crashing
76561198092733232,Recommended,265550,12001104,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,The Emperor's Champion,bought the game played it for a bit got lost and decided to play cs go10/2 would lost again
76561198115526738,Recommended,265550,12001507,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,madclown,I was not expecting too much when I bought this and it surprised me. Great addition to the series. Co-op ability is awesome when you find the right partner.
76561198127714999,Recommended,265550,12002609,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,ArkhamxKnight6,ITS NOT WORKING!!!!
76561198140302482,Recommended,265550,12002638,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Dean Winchester,just re install it and it should work fine because it was the pre load that messed it up
,Recommended,265550,12002706,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Einlanzer,"Worthy port of a great game confirmed working on 3 of my systems with Intel and AMD hardware, Intel 4820k with crossfired  R9 290 GPU, a MSI GX60 A1C laptop running an A10 processor and 7970M GPU and an Intel 3820 running crossfired 7850 GPUs, all working with no errors, completed the game on Xbox One, the port is everything I hoped it would be, Hopefully they get the bugs fixed for other hardware combinations so everyone who paid for the game can enjoy it."
,Recommended,265550,12002883,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Philly Wonken,"Poor performance or not, this is the most fun I've had in a game in a LOOONG time."
,Recommended,265550,12002982,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,FarFromSerious (Kestel),"After having to roll back my Drivers to stop the crashes (It worked for me,here'sthe link to the troubleshooting post on steam) and dealing with the other issues of this shotty port, I was able to actually enjoy the game without all of the problems. There are so many things I like about the game, the attribute system (Skill Points), the new crafting mechanic (You won't have to wonder around the city looking for those annoying bright red maintenance doors anymore, you can craft things on the spot as long as you have the blueprints for them), and all of the new quirky weapons and combos you can use, which is probably the best part of the game. This is a huge improvement from Dead Rising 2, if you look past all of the PC issues. This review is somewhat biased though, considering I've always been a huge fan of the Dead Rising series ever since the first one came out. That being said, this is just my opinion on the game and should be taken with a grain of salt.TL;DRIf you don't mind having to fix some issues before you play, and enjoy killing thousands upon thousands of zombies in an open world, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,265550,12002986,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Sammy Mother Fucking Bananas,"Really fun game. Except for a few frame drops I havent had any real trouble with the game. (Apparently it crashes alot for some people)Did have an instance of a car hood knocking me into the f*cking sky. DR1- Kill Zombies with stuff DR2-Kill zombies with stuff attached to stuff DR3- Kill more zombies with stuff attached to stuff that is already attached to stuff, I'm actually cool with it. This game is awesome, weapons are awesome, the vehicles are awesome. The games ridiculous in a great way. Better played with a friend I bet."
,Recommended,265550,12003026,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,e6r6i6c,"Looking at the game it self, it is a pretty cool game, if you like bashing some zombies, and build all kinds of cool weapons and vehicles, then this is your game. The game looks nice, but nothing special, the gameplay is fast with a lot of gore as expected, but it is not a very difficult game. The bosses are very easy, and the vehicles you can build can run over hundreds of zombies without breaking a sweat. This is not a game that will really challenge you.At the moment a lot of people have problems running the game, game not starting, or random crashes, and performace is also pretty bad, and no SLI support. It is really a shame Capcom did not test this game some more, this is a pretty bad launch, and once again another bad port, a high end pc should run this game with 100+ fps.Why do I still recommend this game? I had some problems with the game crashing at random moments, but I solved it by installing older Nvidia drivers, and I installed the Directx that came with the game, and today I played like 6 hours with no problems what so ever, except for some performance issues. But overall the game runs good enough and I had a lot of fun.All things considered, you could wait for the first patch or driver updates, but if the game runs, it is a lot of fun."
76561198002471320,Recommended,265550,12004416,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,redy2rumbl,"Wow... first thoughts, They need to fix this game!!!  My system which plays the Crysis trilogy ~ 60fps can only maintain between 25 and 30 fps with 2 680's.  My second nvidia card is not even being used and the mouse is very screwy sometimes.  Not what I expected. WE NEED A PATCH!"
,Recommended,265550,12004437,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,BAWB.BAGET,Best PC port there is. Read PC requirements before buying. Don't recommend with Windows 8.
76561197978176608,Recommended,265550,12004674,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,WalkerTheBandit,"I've had no problems running or playing the game and have only found one glitch in the missions finding the body in the morgue. I can see the keys to the Morgue drawer containing her body but the keys aren't highlighted.Other than that what a brilliant game. This is the zombie game i've been waiting for. Forget State of Decay, this is a very playable zombie game and so funny.Use a steamroller to kill thousands of zombies, blow them up with grenades, cut them in half with a surgical saw...the list of things to do is endless and so much fun.Highly recommended."
76561198129720756,Recommended,265550,12004974,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,killerfc20,"Well for starters the game in the begining is real laggy it doesnt run smooth it needs to be updated really soon so i can play it and write a review for the game. The game seems to be really good if the lag would stop, just fix that and the game will be what you wanted it to be in the first place...an awesome game."
76561198094293054,Recommended,265550,12005039,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Dog3206,"o my god i love this game. i have no prob;ems with it, and it runs so smooth. i droped the quality to low and the cut scenes look fine. my only complaint might be the field of view is weird lol. any way, its a great zombie smasher that can definitly suck you in. i know people who have problems with it... i wonder at times if its just mearly there rig isnt up to spec? i dont know. its great. i love it"
76561198026069904,Recommended,265550,12005314,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,The Anti-Christ,I love this game! It's amazing! One of my Favorite Game titles.
76561198020035989,Recommended,265550,12007818,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,manishlimbu53,"Awsome Game, Nice Graphics And Fun Gameplay! Fully Optimised To Crash Your PC!"
,Recommended,265550,12008218,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Vonstra,"I'm pretty far into the game, and I'm impressed. I thought this was just going to be some console port that would be hella buggy but it runs like a dream. Don't listen to that 30fps cap♥♥♥♥♥♥because it doesnt really make itself visible when playing, the only time it does is when explosions go through the roof, and it doesnt affect the gameplay at all (I.e: it doesnt lag spike or anything, at least not on my pc), the only bugs I've experienced so far is something minimal like swapping weapons taking a while so you're still using the previous weapon because it hasn't loaded the next one, and there's a mission that I just did that doesn't complete for some reason (a side mission so not gamebreaking). this game is a pretty perfect port, so much that I would think this came out for PC as well in the first place. 10/10"
76561198077273150,Recommended,265550,12008287,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,The Filthmeister,"I am seeing a lot of reviews stating that this game is poorly optimized and crashes a lot.I am here to tell you that they may have experienced that, but I have not. I am running on windows 7 Pro 64-bit, quad core i7 intel processor, a Nvidia Geforce 660ti - 2 gb, and 32 gb of ram, and I have experienced no crashes, nor any optimization problems OTHER THAN CUTSCENES. By god, the majority of cutscenes are literally unwatchable. I don't understand. The cutscenes look relatively the same as when in-game. Why they run like sh*t is beyond me. Other than the cutscenes, the game is running beautifully. I don't know why, but it is. Maybe I'm lucky or something, who knows. But, overall, I am happy with my purchase. This game is extremely fun, and, looking past the poor optimization of the cutscenes, is a good buy. There are many, MANY weapons to choose from, the use of vehicles to move around Los Perdidos is a very nice feature (I hated walking everywhere in the other entries), the map of DR3 is at least 3 or 4 times bigger than DR1 & 2 combined (meaning many more places to explore), MUCH larger amounts of zombies (crazy amounts, as in to the point where driving a car through the hordes is extremely difficult, like driving through Louisiana muck), and, my favorite, the time is extended from the original 3 days, to 5 days (or was it 7?)...Hm...Whatever, it's more than 3 days, and that's what I wanted - More time to explore, finish quests, savor the story, and, of coarse, slaughter the undead hordes with beautiful weapons of blood-spraying destruction.Now for the juicy part:Graphics: 8/10Optimization: 4/10 ( Needs a lot of work - Those cutscenes are stress-inducing)Fun Factor: 10/10Replayability: Very HighOverall Rating: 9/10 in my book.(P.S - Make sure you fix the 30 FPS lock. This can be easily found via youtube and/or Google. It is relatively simple, you findC: Program Files (x86) \ Steam \ Steam Apps \ Common \ deadrising3 on your computer (thats normally where it is unless you have it saved on another drive), create a new text document and name it ""user.ini"". Once you've done that, open it (being the file that you've just created), and type in ""gmpcr_unlock_frame_rate = True"". Save, and you're good to go.)(P.S.S - I believe there is a Review somewhere below saying pretty much the same thing about the FPS lock, but with a little more detail, and providing a link.)"
,Recommended,265550,12008371,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,I'm Mr. Meeseeks!,Amazing and fun game. The Bad thing about it right now is the annoying characters and alot of fps drops. Funny thing is that while ingame it stays around 40-45fps and in cutscenes drops below 20. lulzPlus co-op is amazing with a friend! Would recommend 100%
,Recommended,265550,12008489,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Busta Crymes,I Killed Zombies will♥♥♥♥♥♥♥launcher10/10
76561198038294997,Recommended,265550,12008919,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,The Laggy Gamer,This game is some of the most fun ive had in a long time good graphics though my computer gets 10 fps still its really fun!
,Recommended,265550,12009047,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,jura179,"Very different from the previous dead rising games. bosses have the same type of crazy, story is easy enough to beat without having to restart the game 80 times to level up, but hard enough to make you concentrate. weapons are either completly stupid or good for killing 50-100 zombies, not counting turning a car into a death machine with the new car, bike and truck mods you can do. Finally the endless hordes of zombies over a small city which most people buy this game for wont disapoint.(i can recommend this game but there are a few bugs that need to be worked out, capcom tells you how to temp. fix the problem, and theres a resolution bug going around as well for some users)"
,Recommended,265550,12009468,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Tingcelery,Havent crashed once in the 5 hours ive already put into the game. Really fun and addicting. ty based god for making me immune to this crash epidemic
76561198069995284,Recommended,265550,12009521,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,markchristine1,"This is a Great Game its Gory, Beautiful, Stunning, Stupid, Funny and just simply AWSOME !!!!!!! ITS WORTH THE MONEY"
,Recommended,265550,12040478,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Schwifty Swisher,"Runs fine on my rig. As an avid Dead Rising fan I love this game even with it's streamlined approach to the Dead Rising formula. I probably poured about 200 hours into Dead Rising 1 on the 360 and many more on Dead Rising 2 on the console as well. I wasn't about to get an Xbone to play Dead Rising 3 (even though I almost broke down and got one) so i was estactic to find out that Dead Rising 3 was coming out on PC. I really don't like that the game is capped at 30fps but at least it is a smooth 30 fps (no drops on my rig) unlike the Xbone. I take what I can get and I am glad I can play the game. I plan on doing a run through without any combo weapons on Nightmare mode after I beat the game on Normal difficulty to bring back the Dead Rising 1 experience as much as I can. The fun part about these kind of games is that you have a wide range of gameplay styles. All firearms? Survivors that can follow you arround? Only melee? no combo weapons? It's reallly up to you how you want to play. The combo weapons turn you into a zombie killing god and makes the game somewhat easy at times. I've been really enjoying the game and I plan on putting a lot more time into it. Hopefully one day they can patch it to the point where we can play it at 60 fps without a ridiculous setup. I wouldn't hold my breath, but like I said before. I am an avid fan and I am taking whatever I can get for a PC port so my opinion maybe bias. Not the worst PC port. But surely not the best."
,Recommended,265550,12046985,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Supernintendoh,"So far, the Game Runs great on my PC. I have not experience any issues other than the standard pop up's and some flickering. Basically the XB1 issues. Running it at 60FPS with the .ini unlock file. Bought 2 copy's for my daughter and myself for Co-Op Fun. She has not ran into issue's either. We played the game and run's as smooth and so far it has been a lot of Fun. I have to say that it is a lot funner and easier than the first 2 DR. Never finshed DR2 or DR2 OtR. DR1 I have on XB360 and finished that around the same year it came out.Computer Setup :AMD FX(tm)-8350 Eight-Core Processor 4.11GHz16 GB Ram580 3GB GTXWindows 7 UltimateOther Computer Is a :i7 ( Do not remember type and frequency )12 GB Ram580 3GB GTXWindows 7 Ultimate"
,Recommended,265550,12047375,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Aubreyl1986,Perfection!! I am sooooo glad this finally came to The SUPREME PC Race!!!! It works Perfectly. The more you guys gripe about the promblems the more these developers will think twwice about porting another awesome game like this over to us! They know something is wrong just wait for the patches and be grateful.
,Recommended,265550,12058632,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Eddiember,"Really don't know why everyone keeps saying the game keeps crashing, working perfectly for me. Only issue I have is some items don't spawn until your right on top of them (I.E: Weapon schematics and Statues), but thankfully the game grants you a collectable finder almost right away (Upgrade Smarts by one point) Otherwise, thumbs up from me."
76561198065803952,Recommended,265550,12059019,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,el-nathan,"i hear this game is great, but i havent yet gotten to play it do to problems with loading. This game seems to crash when at the loading menu. hope they have a update comimg to patch this."
,Recommended,265550,12059677,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,tmlhalo,"Let me start off by saying this game isn't easy to run. It isn't because of amazing graphics either. It has performance issues. That is without a doubt. At the time of this posting the fps is locked to 30 but there is a edit you can do to uncap it. While uncapped holding 60 is almost impossible. It also has no SLI support currently.That being said. The game is fun. There is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of zombies on screen. I used an Xbox controller and found the responsiveness of input and action was great. There is plenty of odd crazy weapons for you to bash zombies with. Cars control well and running over zombies feels ""right"". It isn't a horror game for anyone looking for that. It is like budget movie turned into a game. If you're looking just to cause a mayhem this is for you. Hopefully you can run it though."
,Recommended,265550,12060965,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Misspoopspray,I enjoy this game.Alot of fun alone or with a friend.  Alot of funny moments in the story that will make you smile :Dppl say its unstable i have done the main story and all the side storys and only crashed 2 times and that can happen in every game for some random reason. It might be some hardware issues who knows?I find the controlls to be fine with  mouse and keyboard and with a xbox360 controllerTotal 24 houers played only 2 crashes.
,Recommended,265550,12063172,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Holy Jinji,amaizing game and i didnt even done him
76561197971948699,Recommended,265550,12064325,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,AdmiralJack,"I can't speak for anyone else, but i love this game."
76561197972290923,Recommended,265550,12064836,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Krod,"I can understand the frustrations of other gamers, but i have had no issues with crashing.  That said, the game has a LOT going on.  You need a good rig to play, there is a lot that is being constantly rendered.  Fortunatley, I have a very nice PC and have not had the crash bug issue.  I LOVE the game.  If you liked the last installments then I think you'll be pleasently surprised with this one.  The addition of vehicle combos is fantastic and i love the new super weapons.  I do miss being able to tinker around and figurer out your own combos though.  All in all, this is a solid game, and if your system can handle it, I would recommend it!"
,Recommended,265550,12071097,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,jonpmota,"The Good... A great video game version of those B-grade movies from yester-year. Not as polished as most games to date.. but addictive and HILARIOUS at times with colourful Japanese stereotypes. The Co-Op option is light and fun, although it would be great to play as someone other than both players as Nick. sure it's a great short-cut for the main story CG scenes with Nick... but honestly seeing a clone of yourself for the entire experience is kinda Meh.the bad...  The Port is pretty Meh. it's not optimized for PC, but then again all the major companies make bad ports all the time, but this one is enjoyable. It will require you to have a lot of patience. CRASHES plague this game. I have a pretty decent rig and it can run games that are demanding on the specs at great speeds.. but this has major lag, crashes and even random boot crashes.Final Verdict: Technical issues aside, the lack of inclusion of the final downloadable content, Super Ultra Dead Rising 3 Arcade Remix Hyper Edition EX Plus Alpha was a disappointment. But it doesn't matter, I'm sure we'll see it later this year.It's light, pick up & play and enjoyable."
,Recommended,265550,12103006,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Griffindor,"I am not far into the game, so this is in no way a full review. The cutscenes are rough around the edges, ""glitchy,"" and do not ruin fluidly. Once you get into the game this is far less noticeable. The gameplay is great, and the only time I have issues with fps is when in a car, and so far my game has not yet crashed. Other than that I have found few flaws and have enjoyed the game. If you want to know my build to cpompare to your own, message me through steam and I will gladly share my specs."
,Recommended,265550,11991533,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Diyos-_-,"Okay, seems like most bugs are fixed and under control. Having a blast with this one now.  Have to change from not recommended to recommend."
76561198111862599,Recommended,265550,11999364,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,munchleks,the game got terrible reviews so far but i really enjoy this game. there are some problems no doubt but still its a great game which demands a pretty high end pc. that's one of the cons but its also a bit of logic seeing this is a next gen game. people often forget graphics isnt everything in a game and how much this amount of zombies on screen at ones demand from your hardware. a big con is that the game only supports a minimal amount of screenresolutions. i have only had one bug so far when closing the game. but because im closing it anyway this is not a dealbreaker for me. the cutscenes have a bad framerate for some reason but if you have a good pc and you uncap the framerate this will get a bit better. if you can run it its a fun game with lots of weapons and of course tons of zombies. be sure to check out what you need for this game before you buy it. tip: via steam properties of the game you can force it to run at a lower resolution.
,Recommended,265550,12000209,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,killrade,"So I got the game working. It runs smooth until your driving in a car and press tab to veiw your map. The steam overlay pops up and the game locks down until I perss esc or my window button. After that the game will go into an unmovable window and be off the sceen a little bit. This really does hamper game play becouse there is no way of fixing this or moving the windowed game and i can't see the bottom and right 1/3 of the screen (mini map, hp, ammo...) but can still move and shoot. If I press tab again the steam overlay will come back up and it will be stuck there; then i have to alt+f4 the game and start back at my last save point.Other then this glitch above the game is pretty good. I hope they fix this error soon."
,Recommended,265550,12013318,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,[derp]goliathuSphex,"Best game ever made,Enjoying it so much there's just too much things to do and can't wait for the mods and dlcs thatwill come really worth every $ buy it guys you'll never reget =)"
76561198083651936,Recommended,265550,12013642,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,LtBenjamin,"At first I couldn't get it to even turn on. But I remembered some of the other ports and not very optimized games I have will not play on the E: drive. Even though I have steam on both drives. My C drive is a 128GB SSD just for a few games that need to be fast and for the OS. So I deleted assassins creed black flag (a Ubisoft game like most of their games is also unoptimized and only plays on C: drive) Made a backup of DR# and then deleted it from E and installed it to C:. NOw It finally works! and it is insanely Fun in single player. I heard multiplayer is random joins and cant join friends, i havent tried it yet. I uncapped it, and have crossfired 7970 ghz gpu's and in 1440p full res with high quality and smaa2 and anisotopic x16 I get 40-50 fps."
76561198102913085,Recommended,265550,12014755,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,MRFREEZE,make sure you have the right graphics card or your expereance will suck
,Recommended,265550,12014771,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Crimantis,Somebody buy this game so I may play co-op with someone who doesn't kick me for playing with them ... lol
,Recommended,265550,12016654,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,beep.,"Wait for the updates to buy. Game is great but crashing every 5 seconds isn't fun. Fix for nVidia is DOWNGRADING your drivers, so just wait for them to update....Otherwise awesome zombie slasher"
,Recommended,265550,12016714,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,PoMDizzl3,Can shoot zombies with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cannon 11/10
,Recommended,265550,12024122,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,craizedwayz,Fun! Fun! FUN!!!
,Recommended,265550,12024277,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Jacks_Gulch,"If you liked Dead Rising 2, you'll like this latest installment. Gameplay feels very similar. With all the new weapons you would expect."
76561198085341270,Recommended,265550,12024337,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Wellwhaterver,"Lots of zombies ( like Alot ) this is good or bad. Good if you have a good computer and it can handle it, it looks great, Fun and nice .Its bad if you have a computer that cant handle it, becuse it gona crash"
,Recommended,265550,12024606,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,RuroUnI,10\10Smashed zombie horde with microwave laser wearing a lego head and japanese schoolgirl costume.Pros:1) Nice graphics.2) Hordes of zombies.3) Interesting plot.4) Loads of stuff to craft5) Relaxing.6) Soundtrack.Cons:1) Easy boss fights.
,Recommended,265550,12025306,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Crazy1 gaming,get this game :)
,Recommended,265550,12071838,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,BigCatMatt,"Pros:Feels just like Dead Rising 2Killing zombies is still funTons of stuff to doCollecting for daysCons:Deez graphics settings are mad whack yoWhole lotta screen tearingTexture poppinI grew up in the age of nothin but polygons so 40 fps doesn't really bother me and I can't really tell the difference half the time anyway. That being said I enjoyed the heck outta this game like I have with the other two, and if your a dead rising fan you'll probably pick this up anyway. I'm here to tell you that its money well spent and if you can get over the graphics nonsense you'll certainly have fun. For those that can't I'd say wait until its around $20 or less than pick it up. Still a good game with tons of fun to be had."
76561198045659727,Recommended,265550,12072437,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Red X,"Anyone complaining about crashes needs to get a better PC. I've been playing this game on the highest settings and I've only crashed once when selecting people to follow you. Just lower your settings if you have a problem.The one problem I do have with this game is that sometimes I forget to save before I exit out. Autosaves have spoiled me. I once lost 3 hours of play time because of this. But once I picked it up again, I didn't care anymore.The combos, the vehicles, the combat, everything is awesome. I'll be right in the middle of a mission and will lose focus and just start killing until there is nothing left around me. I've owned every Dead Rising up to this point and hated them. I loved the concept but they just felt so sloppily made. On the first day I got this game I spent more time on it than I did on the 1st and 2nd combined. Co Op is fun too. Highly recommended if you want to beat the crap out of things. Not if you are looking for a well thought out story though. I would give it an 8.5/10"
,Recommended,265550,11990355,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Anton,It has a lot more to offer than the previous games. Like something that feels MORE like SANDBOX. There is some problems with the PC port - one of the major ones being the framerate limit set at 30. I would expect more from a game considering THIS IS 2014.So if you are okay with fun that has some bugs being major and minor; i would recommend this game!
76561198051814999,Recommended,265550,11990788,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Leon366,Lixo. Meu pc da xuxa não roda no maximo.10/10
,Recommended,265550,11991842,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,bjarko,Crashes every 10 minutes soooooo...... maybe its good not sure until i can play
,Recommended,265550,11991852,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,mewn,"Couldn't play DR2 as it was too clunky. This time DR3 is responsive, run well if you have the hardware for.Sorry too busy playing for doing a wall of text."
,Recommended,265550,11992027,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,tightcorpse,"Great game, not disapointed, runs great on amd 6 core 8gb ram and gtx 670"
76561198026998012,Recommended,265550,11992057,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Benjamin,Really like the game thus far.Shame that it keeps crashing every fifteen minutes.
,Recommended,265550,11993005,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,IronLeo78,"Very nice Hack n' Slash Zombie game, with a LOT of Zombies on-screen, a lot of Graphics option if your hardware struggle and a nice co-op mode (among others). Good and mindless fun."
,Recommended,265550,11993064,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,TheRantbox,"I absolutely love the Dead Rising franchise, I personally love the first one compared to the others, but this is actually a really really good game from what I've played and experienced before pc. I was so thrilled when I found it it was going to be on PC because I finally didn't have to spend tons of money on an xbox one which i wouldn't play at all except for dead rising 3. I do have a problem with this version, literally the picture on the screen except the life bar, and the item symbols freezes every second, especially in cutscenes except for a couple so far. Does anyone know how to fix that problem? Or do I just need to wait for a patch? Once it is fixed though, I definitely plan on doing a full Let's Play of it for Youtube on my channel TheRantbox."
76561198022618618,Recommended,265550,11993678,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Astray,i can't play it always stopped working
,Recommended,265550,11993859,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Mr Smidgens,"Beat the game on S ranking first playthrough, amazing game 11/10 however i have experienced a bug where the game freezes when you try to exit the game forcing me to end process. Hopefully a future patch will remedy this"
76561198116668298,Recommended,265550,11994908,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Ghost Panther Inc.,Really fun and creative. I reccomend waiting until Capcom fixes the crashes  if you have nvidia graphics cards. Game runs great on AMDs.
76561198061434751,Recommended,265550,11994978,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Mshadows2049,Game runs great on my pc no lag no crashes fun as hell dont know why everyone else have problems.. build better pc
76561198026412811,Recommended,265550,11995349,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,_Ninja-Nuggets_,BEST GAME IN MY LIBRARY~ I PLAYED DEAD RISING 1 OVER 500 HOURS AND 2ND WAS OK THIS GAME IS THE BEST I CANT BELIVE THEY TOPPED THE FIRST GAME I LOVE CAPCOM THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS PC PORT THANK YOU DEVS FOR SUCH AN AMAZING GAME LOVE YOU GUYS!
76561198022821988,Recommended,265550,11996130,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Ben Dovah,SO. MUCH. FUN!
76561197987683476,Recommended,265550,11996299,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Chumulet,I do recommend this game. It runs with no problems on my core i7 + r9 280 (all maxed). It's fun and much more interesting than some 'serious games'. You will enjoy playing this game.Game is very fun and does not stress you to 'work' - just enjoy gameplay. 8.5/10
,Recommended,265550,12028681,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,David  Bowie,awsome game go romus
,Recommended,265550,12028682,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,AwsomeInventor,"fix this game please, no sound and no cutseens otherwise its a good game"
76561198098687790,Recommended,265550,12028686,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Fluffy Kitler,Went to the strip club picked up a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and a leaf blower put it togther with duct tape and waaahlaa a gun that shoots ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at high speed........ hours of fun :)
,Recommended,265550,11991400,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Dawnbringer,Very fun
76561198123185458,Recommended,265550,11992446,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,walkerc,black screen with occasion sound and the possibility of freezing my laptop so i need to do a full manual restart....10/10 would be ♥♥♥♥ed again.
76561198054652209,Recommended,265550,11992761,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Poisonous,"Game is so good, the loading screen runs at 34952 FPS with 420p and then crashes before I play the game. 9/11 would recommend.But in all honesty, ♥♥♥♥ Capcom and their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port."
,Recommended,265550,11992801,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,dcassell1234,"The launch of Dead Rising 3 has been a mess, but the game itself is absolutely excellent. The world is gigantic, and filled with tons of stuff to explore. Being a fan of Dead Rising, I was extremely bummed when 3 was announced as Xbone exclusive, so this has been an awesome experience to finally play. Tech issues abound, however. I am getting ~45 FPS on my i5@4.2 GHZ and 750 ti 2 GB SC build when I unlock the framerate at 900p with shadows and zombie detail turned to medium. No AA, but the game looks great still. Just jittery at times. Definitely better than how DR3 looks on the Xbone, and it's surprisingly smooth for what the FPS is reading. Worth my money, although most should probably wait for a patch since there are reports of messy bugs causing a ton of crashes."
,Recommended,265550,11992812,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Pigeonman_666,"Laggy port, hope for patch to fix issues"
76561198044653335,Recommended,265550,11992887,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Freek_Bizo,"crashes on loading screen.  Task manager says DR3 not responding.windows 8.1 64-bit (6.3, build 9600)ASUSek COMPUTER INC.system model: Q550LFbios: Q550LF.212Processor: Intel(R) CORE(TM) i7-4500U CPU @ 1.80GHz (4 CPUs), ~2.4GHzmemory: 8192MB RAMDirectX Version: DirectX 11"
,Recommended,265550,11992905,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,rocket rider,It's interesting but by now it crashes annoyingly frequently
76561198062125928,Recommended,265550,11992941,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Abd3l4l,"I ****in love this game! Its just as good as DR2,but without the endless loading screens, and 100 times the fun.I would recommend it to all the people who love GtaV and saints row, and wanted the addition of zombies in these games.To all the people having problems with the game crashing, downgrade ur nvidia drivers, that worked for me. So stop the hate and appreciate. 9/10."
76561198117958331,Recommended,265550,11993158,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,SourPatch,"Nick is the only protagonist I know of in a zom-com sandbox crossdressing sim who can be a green as grass, wide eyed child one minute, and a horrifying, paddle-chainsaw-wielding, blood soaked casual killer the next. But that's why we love the series."
,Recommended,265550,11993197,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,justin_dot_jpg,Get to kill lots of things. 10/10
,Recommended,265550,11993199,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Hawkeye Drake,"Aside from a bit of a glitchy install, and a few stutters I've experienced in gameplay, it's a great sequel to the other two games, especially with all the new modes. I highly reccomend this to DR fans, it's one of the greatest games that came out in a while. 10/10"
76561198101953115,Recommended,265550,11993340,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,DeltaFox93,"so far the game is great, I mean; like everyone else I also only got about 30 minutes into the game before it randomly crashed, but besides that the game ran good, haven't ran into any other issues besides the 30fps cutscenes; however the game itself ran at around 60fps on max visuals for me which was pretty smooth in my opinion, controls are just like the other deadrising games; if using an xbox 360 wired controller.I do recommend it because I'm sure a fix will come for the random crashing but it's up to you if you want to purchase this game, honestly; I don't know what the other problems are such as getting stuck at the title screen, this hasn't happened to me but all I can say about that is to try redownloading the gameMy Specs:GPU: GeForce GTX 770CPU: intel core i7-3770k 3.50GHzRAM: 16GBOS: Windows 8.1"
,Recommended,265550,11993632,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Fablous_Derpy_Cow,lol it will not let me play
,Recommended,265550,11993635,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,rondudeperson001,YES AND NO..... Yes its a great fun game... But on the first day its not very fun at all! Every 5-30 minutes it crashes... you lose your progress and with so many angles you can take off in it is so frustrating. Wait till they have a couple updates....♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I pre ordered for this.
76561198023958883,Recommended,265550,11994010,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,js_bomb,Great game when it isnt crashing i dont recommend buying this until capcom fixes all the bugs. Constant crash every 30 mins but if you disregard the bugs it a great game.
76561197979855020,Recommended,265550,11994079,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Mancakes,"I combined an axe with a video game console and killed zombies while it talked♥♥♥♥♥♥ I combined a scythe with a katana to make a better scythe and killed even more zombies. I combined a dragon head thing with an umbrella to make a dragon helmet with wings and killed zombies by flying into them. Then I combined that with a katana to give my dragon costume katana hands.I can't not recommend this. Its too much fun. There are literally 100's of zombies on screen and you can jump in a car and run them all over. Its the first zombie game, hell just about the first GAME I've ever played where I won't even consider killing everything just because theres too damn many of them. It doesn't matter that the writing is dumb and the acting is always bad but not always intentionally so. Just go find a new fun way to kill zombies.Yeah, it has a 30 fps cap (the fix doesn't work for me) and plays best with a controller (even though it has full mouse/kb rebinding). That will turn people off, I know. If you can look past it, and like killing zombies, you will enjoy this.Rig - i5 4690, 8gb ram, radeon r9 290. Mostly max settings (I don't like depth of field) at 1080p.  Performance - doesnt go below 30, isn't allowed to go higher, so... good enough!"
,Recommended,265550,11994252,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,The Frog,http://guide4games.net/dead-rising-3-pc-crashes-fps-cap-crash-desktop-fixes/Read this and thank me later
76561197993360834,Recommended,265550,11994431,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Hugolin,"the game runs great on my ati 290, never crashed, and didnt noticed any bugs yet, so im pretty happy with it!.awesome game lot of stuff to do and zombies everywhere"
,Recommended,265550,11994732,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Frenchie,"As confused as I am how many bugs get through on ports, heres the pros and cons of ~hour of play.Pros:-It's fun as heck-Great zombie game feel-TON of quality of life improvements from the first one, faster weapon pick up, no maitenance closets, you can eat food while moving and more-will play more after a patch-controls are pretty similarCons:-its a console port-fps in cutscenes-fps in game is weird, times I'll run fine, other times it's awful, most the time when i do a 180 turn it tanks pretty hard-quiting to windows requires to ctrl alt delete to close it completelyAdditonal notes, I haven't found any bugs yet, but like I said, 1 hour of gameplay because of FPS issues.In it's current state I wouldn't recommend it, but after a QoL patch I think the game will be excellent, everyone should let Capcom/DeadRising know of the existing fps problems and hopefully we'll see a new patch in a day or two."
76561198114437184,Recommended,265550,11994924,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,cz96,awesome game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,265550,11994622,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,fersur3,works sweet on my machine. having more fun then my xb1 version much nicer with mouse and key.works fine no crash smooth on 2560x1080specs are 3570k oc to 4.5gtx780ti8gig ram
76561198003929456,Recommended,265550,11994855,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Tortug,Pretty laggy atm. scenes are laggy and in intense zombie waves it does lag somewhat. havent touched the settings yet to lower resolution so that may be a fix.
,Recommended,265550,11997035,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,tonyphanho,This is my first review i do recommend this game i dont know what crashes people are talking about i havent had it crash on me one time ( yet) still has some bugs but doesnt bother me i always been a dead rising fan even the first one hahaha ... anyways i love this game i been on it for 10 hours stright ;}
,Recommended,265550,11997307,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Vodor,"Only played a few hours but so far it's so amusing I actually don't want to play the story but just slaughter zombies, create funny weapons, vehicles and just generally see what mischief I can get up to!Provided you're not a media controlled zombie yourself, I.e you don't fall for their 'You must like this style, graphics, and nothing else matters' then you'll have a blast.One of the few games I'm actually not bothered that I paid full price for it, worth it you hobos!"
76561198045985008,Recommended,265550,11997362,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Plop,"It's unfortunate that so many people are having crashes and fps issues. I hope that gets fixed soon.Personally, I haven't had a single crash since playing yesterday. There was a decline in fps when I would look at weapons. I haven't changed any files (to increase fps) like other folks suggested.Thankfully I'm not having any serious issues with this game.This game is loads of fun, loving it so far and very excited to try out co-op. I can see myself playing this game for a long time. I don't have anything bad to say other than the slight drop in fps, which is a minor problem in my case.If you do want to buy, perhaps it's better to wait until the issues are fixed."
76561198048691325,Recommended,265550,11997457,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,UnluckyDuck,Fell through the map. 10/10
,Recommended,265550,11997717,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Dino,Am I the only one that haven't had any issues?
76561198077871647,Recommended,265550,12019195,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Casual Fascist,"I really liked the series of this game. its fun and can take the time away. i agree with everyone on here though. it needs to be fixed, crashes happen after only 10 minutes of game play. Co-op needs work too because of long loading screens and the potential of ruining the fun of this game. I have found a way to stop the crashing and skim off some of the loading time. Unfortunately the ways to make it work are time consuming and not really worth the time for this game. Rather just wait for a patch(if it gets one) basically your gonna have to go back in time and downgrade your NVIDIA drivers back down to 335.23. that tactfully stops it from crashing for some unknown reason. and for the Co-op well just make sure you have some extra computers laying around and some friends that are willing to drive 60 miles to play the game with you haha.but all in all, i would recommend this game on the terms it gets a patch to fix the crashing and some work done to make the loading screens shorter"
,Recommended,265550,12019367,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,R00sta,"I am not going to lie, I lost my cool when I learned about the 30 FPS cap that this game has. I almost demanded a refund. But after getting into the game and playing it for a while, I found that I can bear the 30 FPS cap, because the gameplay is hilariously good. I am not going to say that great gameplay is any excuse for bad opimization (and note that this game does not look all that graphically amazing), but I believe it is worth the purchase, at least if you can get the game running, because I know some people are having trouble with crashes (me not included). In the end, I would say wait until some optimization patches come out for the game, but definitely buy it then. The over the top rediculous hack and slash gameplay is worth your $50."
76561197993514505,Recommended,265550,12020645,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,jampy00,"After reading many of the reviews online and on Steam, I decided to gamble and try DR3AE and I'm not disappointed. To be honest the biggest gripes (that I noted) are the limit in FPS and controls. I use a controller and the graphics suit me and my PC just fine, while it looks like a ramped up 360 game, I still find the environments to be fine and the number of zombies on screen is pretty cool. Treating this title for what it is worth ( a funfilled game ) I would recommend it. As it stands for my short time playing I noted no issues, no freezes and no PC crashes. I have a mid range gaming PC so read the specs and buy wise.10/09/2014 UpdateCo-op is terrible and for me the worst part of the game, sadly from watching the console reviews this was the most fun part, I don;t think it ported over to PC well. While I still enjoy the single player game, it has now lost some of its shine with this lousy co-op.7.5 outta 10 <-single player4.0 outta 10 <-Co op"
76561198080995481,Recommended,265550,12037344,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,BeneathxSuicide,"I have completed this game and I loved it on xbox 1 but I love it more for PC. This game is loads of fun, this game gets better and tougher playing it through again. For those that are crashing and calling it Game Crash Simulator and say the frame rates drop well I guess get a better computer. I use a AMD tri-x R290 and this game is flawless. I highly recommend this game for hours of carnage."
,Recommended,265550,12038410,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Condoriano,"Very good game, the story is rather mediocre but has a few references to older Dead Rising games. Fans of older games will like this game, but they may notice a certain cheesy charm that the previous games had is missing.Perhaps the biggest reason the story is mediocre, is because it takes itself rather seriously. The other games storylines while not great or amazing by any means, knew how to have comical moments and were quite enjoyable to play through. Frank & Chuck were also better and more amusing characters, Nick feels like he's always serious and barely ever cracks jokes.The psychopaths are nowhere near as good as the older games, they are good but are missing the charm of the older ones. Though it did have some good ones here and there.The combo system is better than before, now you can make combo weapons directly from your inventory, as opposed to running to a work bench. Combo cards are removed completely and instead have been replaced with blueprints, unlike combo cards however, these are a REQUIREMENT to craft a combo weapon. This means, knowing the recipe of a combo weapon is useless, unless you have the blueprint.The regular story mode of the game, might as well be called CASUAL MODE. You can explore everything at your own pace, without much sense of urgency. You can also save via the pause menu, use chapter select and the overall difficulty of the game is easier. If you preferred the time limited gameplay of the older games, Dead Rising Veterans can rejoice, as Nightmare Mode is the way to play.The game holds a bunch of improvements on the formula seen in the previous games, however the interiors are underwhelming.Don't get me wrong, it has interiors, but they are small and you will probably spend only about 20 seconds at a time in them, before walking out the door back into the open city. It's probably because interiors take a back seat to the open city in Dead Rising 3, but you may find yourself missing those shopping mall, casino and theme park areas from the previous games.The DLC included in the Steam version of the game, is OK at best. Some backgrounds on expendable characters that didn't really need explaining anyway. By expendable, I mean all of them don't have much of an impact on the main story in which they die anyway. All except the final episode of the DLC which answers a few very simple questions and introduces a character who didn't die in the main story.They are a little something extra to do and waste a little time, I would have preferred to have got the Super Dead Rising 3 DLC though.Graphics Hardware Notes:Played this on an R9 280x, no crashes and no issues for me. A very good amount of other people are having issues at the time of this review and as such, your experience may differ. Most of the users having issues are using Nvidia cards, but there is a very small amount of AMD users with issues too.I would recommend this game, because it is a good, fun game. However, if you are a Nvidia user, you should probably steer clear until a patch.This game is also rather poorly optimised, as it requires quite TOO high specs, for a game of its magnitude. For me it was fine because i'm using a rather recent AMD card. Those with cards around 3 years or older, may have issues due to the poor optimization. I also recommend cards with at least 3GB of RAM, and crossfire or SLI will NOT help you out with this game, because it doesn't support it."
,Recommended,265550,12040306,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,The Sinatra of Spooks,Sure there's some bugs that need fixing ASAP but it beats buying an Xbox One.
,Recommended,265550,12044600,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,○♠Bailwy1♠○,"This is amazing, when i saw videos i thought it wasent the best but contaning all the entertainment and fun, this game isnt beatable."
,Recommended,265550,12096594,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Big Tea,"Good game good story, loved it, only problem is I got stuck in chapter 3 of nightmare mode because an objective was under the map, if anybody would be so kind as to drop me the x-buster id greatly appreciate it and give you some trading cards or somthing lol"
76561197961057439,Recommended,265550,12098164,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Murder Boner,"This game is just AWESOME...don't read the hater's reviews.  If you're a fan of the first 2, this game is awesome Zombie killing fun!"
76561197978282294,Recommended,265550,12018605,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,|EoS|Backlashed,"Spec'sI7-4770K @4.0GHzGTX 770 4GB OC8 GB RamI know a lot of people are having preformance issues I however haven't experienced any. This game is taxing on your computer so if you don't have a half decent machine don't write a review on it saying how bad it is. I run at 1920X1080 and maxed settings  and get 45+ fps (cap removed and with alot of zombies on screen).The gameplay itself is very fun, looking around and finding collectables and exploring the city figuring how to get on top of roofs to find that new blueprint is rewarding. Just like the other previous games you get to make your character dress up in a large collection of clothing and build♥♥♥♥♥♥♥flinging leaf blowers. The story isn't too bad and it's open world is fairly big for all the little shops and and smaller details every location has. If you're a fan of the series or just like open world zombie killing then this will good a addition to the collection!"
76561197996515704,Recommended,265550,12018808,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Mechanoise,"(Note: My rig just meets the ""recommended"" requirement for this game.)So far, so good.I must be one of the lucky ones, as performance has been exceptional so far, even with the 30fps cap removed, (which is very easy to do.)No crashes, No noticable stutters during high-zombie counts, and no game-breaks yet, and I'm 7 hours or so in, So if you meet the recommended requirements you could be lucky and not have any issues - but, clearly there are problems for some.To review the game itself.I've been a fan of the Dead Rising series since the beginning, and DR3 is a great step forward in gameplay. Don't expact a rocking story that'll blow your mind, a number of elements are typically predicatble; however, enjoy it for the zombie-slaying fun fest that it is. Countless combo weapons, the introduction of combo vehichles, great Psychopaths and a rediculous nature even Bruce Campbell would consider is enough.I hope you are lucky enough to have the game run as well for you as it does for me, because if you're a fan of the Dead Rising series you can't go wrong with this entry."
,Recommended,265550,12018951,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,THRASH DADDY,"While this game may not be optimized, I still enjoy the hell out of it! I can honestly say that I've experienced a steady 30 fps my whole playthrough, that may sound like a negative but it's not. The gameplay itself is extremely fun, I have not played a game this enjoyable in a long time. It constantly surprises me. From the weapons to the sheer amount of enemies on screen to the ridiculous humor, this is a great game. The only visual settings I changed was turning v-sync on to get rid of screen-tearing, everything else is on high and looks great. If you like the previous entries in the series or are looking for a fun game to play this is a winner."
,Recommended,265550,12019606,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,ShinNinth,The game is beautiful!  The controls are pretty good except some of the RC combo weapons are wonky or more of a lakc of instruction how to drive them.  As for all these people complaining about performance... I have to disagree ive got 16 gigs ram and a 780 GTX nvidia card with physx running on a 660GTX wich i believe this game is not even utilizing.  No crashes yet.
76561198048276897,Recommended,265550,12019615,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,NightDany,"[ENG/ESP]Awesome game, bad optimization.I had tons of fun with it. It's an awesome and fun game.The psychos are hard, almost like the previous 2... But at the same time fun to kill...The zombies are an actual challenge and on night, they truly get more aggresive and tough... Not like the past 2 games. They are not hard to kill, you need to aim to the head, if you cut one in half, he may be not dead until you hit him again... Again aim to the head.The AI improve a lot, companions aren't usless anymore! They actually fight with you!, I recommend giving them a gun. They'll no longer shot you, accurate like trained snipers.I wont recommend buying it right now... A lot of people is having a bad time trying to play the game, wait until capcom release the patch that will fix the crashes on loading screen... They are working on it, I don't know why nobody say this...TL;DR: Game is fun and awesome, but for some people may not work. Don't buy until then. It's worth your money tho.___________________________________________________________________________________Gran juego, muy mala optimización.Por fortuna fui de los pocos que, por alguna razón, puedo jugar el juego!... Muy divertido, el mejor de la serie, los combos se crean rapido, facil y sin interrupciones. Genial.Los psicopatas son casi tan dificiles como los 2 juegos anteriores... Sin embargo tambien divertidos de combatir, te da una satisfacción al matarlos.Los zombies tambien son un reto, claro son debiles como los anteriores juegos. Pero parecen mas fuertes y resistentes! El desmembramiento es genial, aveces no estas seguro si el hijo de♥♥♥♥♥♥esta muerto o no. Lo puedes partir a la mitad y aun no muere! Apunten a la cabeza.La IA es mucho mejor, en las anteriores entregas eran tan estupidos como una vaca con un sombrero... Ahora son personas! Se defienden si les das algo con que!... Recomiendo darles un arma de fuego, son muy buenos tiradores...No recomiendo comprarlo ahora, mucha gente esta teniendo problemas abriendo el juego... Capcom esta haciendo lo posible para arreglar todos los problemas, nadie lo dice, pero es cierto, ellos mismos publicaron en la pagina de DR... Esperen hasta que lo solucionen.TL;DR: El juego es MUY divertido, el mejor de la saga sin dudas. Tu pc tal vez no pueda abrir el juego. No comprar hasta que todos los errores se hayan arreglado. Vale tu dinero."
,Recommended,265550,12019660,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,TOTOGOINTER,"this game have alot ploblam , please wait to buy , let support fix T^T"
,Recommended,265550,12019898,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Greywolfcop,great game and got it as a pre - order. It was realy a fun game just like the 2nd one best 9/10
,Recommended,265550,12020211,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Dakre,"This game is so much better than 1 or 2, and the DLC is great as well.  Hope every Dead Rising fan buys this, so they make another great game."
76561198055595237,Recommended,265550,12020583,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Bigred54,"A LOT OF FUN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! some people are complaining about crashing , luckily this has yet to happen to me yet i am running a gtx 780 with a 4770K I7 , and 8GB of Ram , overal a great game with hours of playtime with the main quest alone , let alone all of the side missions. 9/10 easily. Hope this helps."
76561198009438682,Recommended,265550,12023138,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,xillion,awsome game
,Recommended,265550,12040609,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,NightOfTheLivingDave,"I've had basically no issues other than a tiny bit of lag when theres about 2000 zombie around. Hours of enjoyment, co-ops had me in stitches plenty of times."
76561198065402414,Recommended,265550,12040664,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,sketch,People are saying this game crashes and is buggy and other performance problems. I have not had one issue yet i play on ultra and it runs perfectly everything is on ultra or very high. If you have a cheap rig or laptop sure you might but if you have a mean machine you'll be fine.
,Recommended,265550,12040787,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Hellz Storm,"First off lt me say that it is a fantastic game despite the issues that other people may have had.It's exactly what you would expect from a dead rising game, killing zombies, creating weapons, good (funny) story, and the like. I have spent quite a lot of time on it already and have enjoyed it a ton. The only problems that I had with the game were framerates (easily fixed by doing a file edit), and SOME crashing, I have played it over 20 hours now and have experinced at least 3 or 4 crashes, and it defintly needs to be optimized more for the pc, but other than making sure that I saved often there was little in the way of me killing as many zombies that I possibly can. If your system can run it, I would recommend this game!(My pc isi5 processer8GB ramx2 660 SLIanything equal or greater than should run this game fine in high framerates (excluding when TONS of zombies are on display)"
,Recommended,265550,12041236,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,MindFapp,"Despite the single crash ive had so far, this game was worth every penny, There is tons of content with weapon/vehicle crafting to character costumes.The only con's with this game so far is the small world, alot of open road between too small of towns.The game does seem to hold your hand at times giving you the crafting components whenever you find a blueprint whice seems to take away from the experience of exploration.Plus there seems to be an abundance of weapons scattered around so you should never be empty handed."
,Recommended,265550,12045771,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,1daBread,"I love the Dead Rising series and this is a great improvement for the series.Likes:Seamless city = no loading screensRelaxed timerTons of combo weapons and crafting on the fly is so much better.Random Co-Op.Psychopaths are strange and a fun break.Untold Stories DLC is actually interesting.Dislikes:The blueprint screen is very hard to traverse.  They should have implemented a folder system or sorting.Quest system that purposefully makes you cross the entire map many, many times.Co-Op is only fun until you hit max level.Running with a group survivors is kind of frustrating (its like a constant escort quest).Addressing Technical Issues:Rolled back my Nvidia Drivers to 335.23 and have had only 1 crash in 10 hours.No frame rate issues (running HIGH with everything on max).My RigCPU:Intel i5-4440 @3.1GPU:GTX 760 3GB DDR3MEM:8GB"
76561197985721270,Recommended,265550,12073972,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Phloyd74,"This game is a mixed bag really, there's bits that work, bits that dont work so much. if you are a fan of the earlier games, this is prestty much the same deal gameplay wise, with the addition of vehicles that you can drive around and combine to make mad-max stle death machines. DR games have always been about zombie slaughter on a big scale and this one is no different in that respect, Kill zombies, get points, rank up to get get better ways to kill more zombies. there is a skill tree of sorts now, where you can spend point to customise your skills, though i am undecided if this improves the game or simply just isnt necesary. What the series is good at this game is also good at. In the normal mode, the story missions don't have the timer they had in previous games, and the survivors that you come across dont need to be escorted back to a safe house as before, so the tension that these two game devices brought to the earlier titles is missing, although i havent tried the nightmare mode yet.In terms of performance, a lot of people have complained. But i think it depends on your standards. If you are expecting 60 fps minimum at max settings, you are not going to get that on anything. But i have a 5 year old pc and have tweaked the settings so the game is perfecly playable with hardly any dropped frames and at a higher detail level than the xbone.  If thats not good enough for you, you might be disapointed.I would recommend this game for fans of the earlier games, probably not to anyone else."
76561198042149449,Recommended,265550,12192969,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Debilman275,"worked great for me, unfortunately not for everyone,*check if you're ar risk by looking into the forum*dead rising has the same sauce as always but with even more zombies, psycho gives nice fight, sound track is amezing still searching why i didnt send it with the apocalypse edition, character have a small developement sadly i miss the clever pun of chuck green but it still fit well with the feeling Dr3 try to give you,over all it's a great title, there is plenty of bug ( usual xbox problem, after couple hours object take their time to spawn but nothing serious.on sale a 30$ it would worth each and every penny of it,like i said before WATCH IF YOU CAN RUN IT, many and many crashed and could not play and are waiting for a eventual patch solving the issusforum visit is greatly recommended"
76561198092328739,Recommended,265550,12231282,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,dannysanders1974,dead rising 3 is awesome thanks to capcom for the steam update.10/10
76561198042149447,Recommended,265550,12232105,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Soviet Pepe ☭,a very fun and great game... but seriously capcom you need to step up your game.. well it was fun so i recommend it
,Recommended,265550,12243419,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,BEEPBEEPIMASHEEP,Great game love it. It does crash but I still recommend people to buy it cause itll be patched so theres no problem cause the game is epic
,Recommended,265550,12070033,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Ðel,"its quite fun, gore tones of gore..... lots of it haha"
,Recommended,265550,12089301,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Zengineer,"Wait before buying this game.I have a PC that could handle this terrible port most of the time. That said, I still experienced plenty of bugs that at best slowed the game and at worse crashed it. I enjoyed the game but there are many issues with this port and it has not been optimized for PC.The game is basically what you would come to expect from the Dead Rising series. There are lots of zombies to kill and weapons to use. Crafting has been streamlined. Any item can be created at any time if the blueprints for it have been found and the items in the player's inventory. It is important to note that when leveling the character, Nick Ramos, any point put into unlocking crafting options does not unlock blueprints. Instead investing points in a crafting category will let the player use any item of a particular type to craft an item. For example, the ""Laser Sword"" is a combination of a flashlight (electronic item) and gems (thrown item). If the player invests in the ""electronic item"" category then they can use any electronic item and gems to make a laser sword. The game also features combination vehicles that can be made anywhere.Survivors are no longer useless like they were in the previous games. Now survivors have half decent A.I., aren't restricted to escort/babysitting missions, and can be used to create a ""posse"" that can be given basic orders (attack/follow/scavenge).I recommend not using any DLC weapons or vehicles during normal gameplay as it can unbalance the game quickly.Hours played: 66Final score: 7/10"
,Recommended,265550,12091090,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Gunhand,Port/Graphical and resolution issues aside this is a reasonable game in itself. However it is a watered down Dead Rising experience. For those who enjoy the series this will probably comes as a bit of a let down.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLv95p5dndc
,Recommended,265550,12145396,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,GoatNippleMilk,Flippin' hilarious game with friends
76561197967798308,Recommended,265550,12215718,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Dubs Checkem,"This is great! I need ot get a controller though, the mouse and keyboard combo seems deficient in a way thats hard to explain. I like it so far."
76561197971211878,Recommended,265550,12222636,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Argonaut_Dunlop,HAHAHAHAA!!
,Recommended,265550,12227854,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,alexhalo1995,Okay now I'll give give this a thumbs up. Good job on the crashes and making the game playable guys!! I haven't really played the story yet but at least it works so I can. The graphics aren't bad but at times the framerate is a little low but I'm satisfied.
76561197971188871,Recommended,265550,12242907,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Bishop_Bane,game is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,265550,12251584,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Amnesty (w/o pants),"Dead Rising 3 is a worthy follow up to the second one.  While it feels a little rushed at times, the amount of ridiculousness and the absurd amount of undead onscreen at once combine forces to make a game I played through and then turned right around and ran it back on nightmare.If you loathe the undead and don't need anything that takes itself seriously, this is a game for you."
,Recommended,265550,12252287,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,[TiC]Bazanga,Ok Guys listen why do u guys hate this game THIS GAME IS WAY BETTER THAN THE SECOND AND THE 1ST 1.Bosses are a lot easy 2.make combo weapons when u want i want some people that really LIKE DEAD RISING SERIES THIS GAME IS FUN WAY BETTER THAN DR2
,Recommended,265550,12258344,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Kradingmaew #Dab,i like this game
,Recommended,265550,12264923,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Cherry Licking Boy,"This game is the BEST! It maybe one of the best games I've played in YEARS, I mean, compared to GTA 5, this is WAY more enjoyable, best $50 I've ever spent, still needs a few bugs fixed, but other than that, this game is a solid 9/10."
,Recommended,265550,12283996,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Ibuki,"Soo I see a lot of people moaning that it doesnt run on their machine. My specs:i7 950Asus PX58 MoBo18gb RamGTX 770 2.0gb ramRuns great. Multiplayer. Single Player. So I'm not sure if you guys are trying to run it on a hand-me-down work computer built for MS Office, but this game clearly states what it sort of system is required. So giving an awesome game a low score because you couldnt be bothered to read, is dumb."
76561198002915322,Recommended,265550,12286702,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,systemFX,I been waiting for a REALLY great genre leader to emerge and DeadRising 3 is it for some time to come. Great Game and quite vast. The graphics are amazing as is the world.  Truly great game.
,Recommended,265550,12289603,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Idiocynical,"Good Game, Abusymal port.Capcom."
76561198097060893,Recommended,265550,11974760,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Mr.Jack,This game was first crashy and not playable but capcom fixed it now its one of the best games recommendedd
,Recommended,265550,12079616,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,TheMarc102,Dead Framerate 3 Crash Edition 12/10 Would bang again
,Recommended,265550,12079638,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,JohnRammus,This is the best zombie game I have ever played. Everyone says it crashes but I have not had it crash once.
,Recommended,265550,12293388,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,necrobard,"Great coop experience just like Dead Rising 2. The graphical step up and minor improvements to gameplay like not needing a bench to craft things and no load points to lose survivors in is great. Overall playing solo it's a pretty medicore action game, but with a friend it's both lots of fun and generally hilarous.Side note on Technical issues, I think at the time of posting this I have ~15 hours and I only had 1 crash which was prior to either of the released patches."
76561197967120033,Recommended,265550,11992976,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,WekThor,"As of the 6th September 2014 this game ran moderatly smooth with my GTX 680.The problem I have though is that it runs for about 20~30 min and then crashes to desktop.At first I thought it a fluke yet it happend repeatedly. The proposed solution: downgrade Nvidia drivers (mine was 340.52).I can verify that this ""solution"" get's rid of the CTD in my case but in my opinion this cannot be seriously considered a solution in this day and age.These crashes (among the FPS issue reported by other users) must be adressed via patch as soon as possible.Until this happens I am most likely not starting this game anymore.Update (20th September):Finally, I can play the game without the obnoxious CTDs after 20mins. It would be nice to be able to say this is thanks to devs from Capcom. Sadly it's only due to a newdriver patch arriving from NVidia that my problem has now been resolved.I was able to play a couple of hours now and I must say, it is very entertaining so I can recommend it.I will further update my review after my first playthrough."
76561197960939300,Recommended,265550,11994102,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Ozzie_Warrior,"Bought this a day before release - nervous around quality as always with pre-releases, but bought as it was a Capcom title.I'd check the specs required before going ahead, but running 64 bit win 8.1, with 32Gb RAM, and NVidia 780ti runs perfectly no tweaking.Enjoyable zombie game with a sense of humor glad I bought it."
,Recommended,265550,11998341,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Greased Lizard,"Updated 19/09/14 - Battered a biker to death with a pink d1ldo (even though they call it a ""massager"", yeah, right).  Pure win.Other notable things occurred on this day:  Nvidia released the 344.11 driver, which has fixed the constant crashing issues for me :-).I don't have the worlds greatest setup, got an old i7, 16 GB RAM and a GTX 760, none of which seem particularly taxed even when there is a shed load of zombies on the screen.I'm finally getting in to the game now, and thoroughly enjoying it.  Graphically it's good, although not AAA good, not experiencing any stuttering or significant frame drop.My only real gripe about the game is that the protagonist is a bit of a ♥♥♥♥♥, but the combo vehicles more than make up his manliness.Now that the crashing issues are fixed, I would definitely recommend this game"
,Recommended,265550,12001627,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,There Is A,bashing zombles with everything you got its amazing!
,Recommended,265550,12001742,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Meme Sauce,A really good game id reccomend it it works with a geforce graphic card and i am aware it crashes on other ones that being said: get a better graphic card
76561198100049014,Recommended,265550,12001933,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,pepe le pew,needs to be updated it does not start it just shows dr3 title screen needs to be fixed asap
76561198035374093,Recommended,265550,12002269,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Yotam,I like It
,Recommended,265550,12002629,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,twitchhero,AWESOME GAME!
,Not Recommended,265550,12004142,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Trexies,"this is my second update, My game loads and does not crash FOR ME, my game lags to absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥you can barly play. I really wish the game was optimizedThis Unless you have a Titan computer DO NOT BUY THIS GAME I have a 1200$ gaming computer and if I try to play this game theres about 20 frames per second on the lowest settings. I have made it to the 5th chapter and to get there was painstaking, If you finish a chapter about 4 to 5 mins later an achievement wil appear. This is by far the laggiest game I have ever played"
76561198135069005,Recommended,265550,12005338,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,cyruswindsong,"i have an Product name: HP ENVY dv7 Notebook PC, Product number: C2H71UA#ABA, Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-3630QM CPU @ 2.40GHz, Intel(R) HD Graphics 4000, system memory 8GB, graphecs device Intel(R) HD Graphics 4000.........dead rising 3 freezes after the dead rising 3 logo"
76561198008935658,Recommended,265550,12005506,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,cxfAtheus,"I haven't had any issues with the game. I'm playing it on a laptop that has nVidia graphics and that is a few years old (still an i7). No crashes, runs fairly smoothly (I have the graphics all of the way up and am stubbornly refusing to turn them down). I guess I've been lucky on that, seeing all of the others who have had problems.Since I've only played for about an hour, I can't speak to the story, but I like how it plays, so far. Looks a bit more gritty than previous games."
76561198075235611,Recommended,265550,12005601,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,shadowinfinity,"fun game, i hadnt experience any crashing with latest nvidia drivers,performance could be better( some fps drops to 26 -25 on high settings)overall great game"
,Recommended,265550,12005682,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Based Fieri,"I don't know what everyone's talking about with their games crashing luckily I haven't had this problem so i'm actually able to provide you all with a gameplay review.This game is amazing. period.Pros:- the loading is extremely fluid. no longer are the days where in the old deadrisings you had to load the map when entering a new part. No lag or nothing- The combat is SO smooth. The only thing i didn't like about the past DR's was the combat felt clunky. NOT HERE!- The weapons are insane, out of this world, brutal, destructive, and everywhere across the map.- The exploration is FANTASTIC in this game. I typically don't like exploring in games, just never feels too worth it too me. But here you will find yourself exploring for hours on end- Graphics are beautiful (if you have the video card to run this game of course)- CRAZY AMOUNTS OF ZOMBIES. SEAS OF ZOMBIES. THE APOCALYPSE IS HERE- The city of Los Pedidos is beautiful, and just the right size; not CRAZY big but by no means small- Side missions are surprisingly not repetitive, even though most times you're helping survivors retrieve stuff, it's never the same and it's not time consuming enough to take you away from the story- LONG AMOUNTS OF TIME FOR EXPLORING. THIS IS CRUCIAL FOR ALL DR GAMES- A F*CKING BULLDOZER MOTERCYCLE. WHAT?! All of the vehicles in this game are ♥♥♥♥ing great- Zombie AI is brilliant- Voice acting is pretty f*cking good. I love itCONS:- The system requirements for this game are disgusting. I should mention i'm running a Radeon 6990 graphics card and i still need to turn on gamebooster and can only run on semi medium graphics. I get a steady 30 fps, nothing to complain about, smooth, but i can imagine a vast majority of people won't be able to run this beast of a game.- the file size is pretty big. not a big complaint but 25-30 GB is a pretty large file- Not many psychopathic bosses in the game. I've been playing for 8 hours and i've only come across two . And i've been doing about 80-90% of all the side missions. I'm sure there's plenty more, since i've seen youtube videos of them, but in past DR's i feel like you'd encounter one every 1-2 hours.BOTTOMLINE:The game is FANTASTIC. Easily the best DR. It is EVERYTHING a zombie game should be. The cons are few and more so related to hardware issues. If you have a powerful computer then you should have no problem.I'd highly recommend this game though. Probably my favorite steam game ever.Rode a bulldozer motercycle shooting flamethrowers across a post apocalyptic city 11/10"
,Recommended,265550,12006156,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Marto,Awesome
,Recommended,265550,12006201,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Bitwise,I killed a morbidly obese woman on a hoverround chair with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥launcher10/10
76561198125062744,Recommended,265550,12006290,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Babymusher,"Hey guys i cant seem to make my game start up do to a resolution issue my computer is on 1980 by 1080 i dont understand. all my other games work expcet this oe it wont even open just a black screen that say resolution misplaced, change resolution."
76561197979920717,Recommended,265550,12006717,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,blaqhawk2003,"Fun, enteraining and addictive couldn't put my controller down did a 17 hr play session in the first day and I'm still not done with the game. All DLC is included with the Apocalypse Edition. Suggest a playthru alone then play with other players in co-op so your not a complete noob when you jump in."
76561198130454281,Recommended,265550,12068169,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,DoomStrider,"This game neither worked on my old cpu or my new laptop. Horrible framerate drops in-game while the cutsceens sputter by barely, making the first level impossible to get through. Unless they fix this game don't get. Don't even think about trying to get it. Really, is there anyway to get my money back cause this is awful.Edit: In the last update everything was fixed. This is one of the funnest games I've played."
76561197992519743,Recommended,265550,12201082,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,jmu,"I've only played the first Dead Rising, several years ago, and picked this up for some co-op with a friend.  Right now my impression have been mostly positive.  There is a lot going on however and I sort of wish the game would slow down or make evident when you're getting ready to advance chapters.  I'm going to have to reload the first chapter already to explore some more.I was also kind of irritated to find how much the DLC included just unlocked without much thought to the effect that would have on a new player.  Similar to how Diablo Auction House short circuited the game mechanics by giving you a cheap way to buy gear (rather than find it) when I first opened a weapon locker and discovered over 70 weapons ready for my taking I was kinda like ""WTF""."
,Recommended,265550,12211867,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sin~Ceer,not bad but the zombie hordes are a bit over done and way to big to be realistic
76561198074778377,Recommended,265550,12213239,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,HD Road Glide,This game is a lot of fun
76561198144390610,Recommended,265550,11996921,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Sitong Liu,i have buyed the game but why is it that every time i try to play the game its not working its just a black screen if anyone has the same and yous have fixed it pls tell me how
,Recommended,265550,12006622,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,EVERYDAY PSYCHO,been playing for a day now and like the game but  be warned that having a big surviver party and picking up items with them next to you will be hassel
76561197977468053,Recommended,265550,12007658,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Napparobie,"By far the best of all the game's. Everything you hated about deadrising 2 has either been fix and removed or redone and made fun of for a short time. Theres nothing like see 50,000 zombies on your screen at 1 time. The game is too much fun from all the weapons you can use or make to special interactions that this game does."
76561198124944262,Recommended,265550,12010967,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Nintandog,"PC Specs -i5 4670R9 270  2GB (Gigabyte OC edition)8GB RAMPC performance -Turned every thing on high apart from the anti-aliasing and all that♥♥♥♥♥♥ it ran at 30 FPS  solidily until I found myself looking/running through massive amounts of zombies, then it would drop into the low 20s. (I've had no bugs or anything whatsoever though apart from this lag which was fixed by just turned down the graphics to medium-high, now it only dips rarely.)+ vs - :+ Looks great (if you can run it properly)+ Heaps of zombies+ Much more freedom in terms of movement and exploration+ More weapons+ More variety+ Less Backtracking-  Optimized badly (still playable)-  Loading times can take awhile-  Few minor bugs here and there (nothing major)"
,Recommended,265550,12012910,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,benatssu,"Heaps of fun with a near fully open world, hundreds of weapons and stuff to do.. Satisfying zombie destroying game :)Personally I haven't run into any frame rate or lag issues although I am running a fairly new machine.  As of writing I'm about 10 hours into gameplay and hasn't crashed once..i7 47904gb GTX77016gb RAMpretty good mouse"
,Recommended,265550,12012958,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Dark - shark,♥♥♥♥ing fun game runs good love it :-D
,Recommended,265550,12012989,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Ohanko,"Due to the poor optimization of the game I have most of the setting set to low. I personally have not experience any crashes yet and I am using the uncapped fps fix.I played the game using a keyboard with mouse and a controller and found the controller has a better feel with the game.I do fine the game very enjoyable in its game play, humor, and story line so far. If you can deal with the technical issues of the game then I recommend the game. If not, wait for a few patches until they iron out the problems."
76561198003614135,Recommended,265550,12013019,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,koling3,This game is awsome ever awsomer when you play whit friends =) BUY IT NOW
76561198067278158,Recommended,265550,12018000,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Satan,I lag a♥♥♥♥♥♥load =(
76561198054214794,Recommended,265550,12018009,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,tpe4ever,"I don't write reviews often, but with this game getting so many negative reviews due to crashing and bugs, I thought I'd weigh in.Both our systems (we have a LAN) run the game without issues.  The lower specced system is a little bit choppy, while the graphics don't seem to warrant the choppiness.  It looks pretty good.  No complaints about the graphics.  It is clearly only minimally optomized for performance, but it is decently optomized to give extra graphical quality tweaks.  If they are not going to spend much time on the game, I'd rather they did what they did here and make it look good and run so-so.  I have fast systems, so not that big a deal.The gameplay is fun but starts out irritating.  Lots of zombies, no decent moves or weapons to fight them with.  While figuring out controls, prepare to be swamped by zombies that won't kill you but it may irritate you.Soon it gets fun, wacky or effective weapons, boss fights, good stuff.  Heavy on the stereotypes but I like it.  Westerners are obsessed with being politically correct, and the developers clearly never got the memo to be so freaking PC and boring.  Nice.  I like it.  Shallow characters?  Sure, stereotypes are similar to archetypes which are an easy storytelling device with little depth.  They are cute/funny though.8/10 so far, I expect it to get more fun the farther we get.  $100 well spent for me and my wife to have some good co-op gaming fun.Co-op is tricky to figure out.  One player loads the game, the other player starts with the game not loaded and clicks on ""friends"" in steam and selects ""join game"".  There is no ""how to"" in the game, or on google yet.  Lucky we found that.  It should not have been this hard to do/find, but now that we know it is simple enough."
76561198038752967,Recommended,265550,12022210,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Crimson Reaper,"Ok 1st off I have zero problems but these 2.1) Cant co-op with friend cause it keeps freezing in co-op on him2}the only other problem I got is it freezes when ever i exit game to desk top but thats no big deal rather that then in load screens or mid game like other people seem to be having.other then those 2 there I have 0 problems with the game but it annoying cause would like to play with my friend, which was my reson of getting the game in the 1st place.my specs for my pc are far past what is needed an can run the game at 1080 an max with no problems.specs-ic7 3770kvideo card is radeon 6gb single card 999032gb rammotherboard asus maxsius 5"
76561198099485518,Recommended,265550,12022329,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,abs_pr0,"Recommomended.WIth a fair bit of research, The maximum framerate i've got to in the gameplay is 13.THATS UNPLAYABLE.the lowest i've been to is easily 0, but that was only the scene with all of the zombies in the cage.That gameplay is excellent, but we(or i) need to be able to atleast experience it for what it is, AWESOME!I won't be playing the game untill there is atleast a optimisations patch."
76561198049462388,Recommended,265550,12022381,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Frieza,BEST ZOMBIE GAME EVER!!!!
,Recommended,265550,12022565,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Maniaqz,WOW SO BAD PC PORT I CAN'T RUN THIS ON MY 2006 TOP PC USING MAX TEXTURE SETTINGS AND SO ON
,Recommended,265550,12025452,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Mad Magpie,"Let me start by saying it sucks that people have been having so much trouble with the stability of this game. Personally, I haven't had any problems with it crashing (knock on wood), but I have experienced some of the graphical hiccups with low frame rates and screen tearing.Those problems aside, it is a blast to play. I've always liked the Dead Rising series and zombie games in general, but the constant time limit in the other games took away some of the enjoyment for me. I'm a completionist, and I felt like I couldn't see everything and save everyone in the other games. I know the point was probably to teach you that you can't save everybody, but I'm stubborn. I want to explore everything and take in the sights. I feel like I can do that in this game. You're still on the clock, but it's less pressing. I can seek out collectibles and screw around in Los Perdidos and still find time to do the story and side missions. Call me a filthy casual if you must, but when I come home after a stressful day at work, I play games like this for catharsis. I don't need more stressful deadlines to meet.The gameplay is familiar to anyone who has played the other Dead Rising games. Both leveling up and the menu interface are a little different, but it's easy to get used to them. It recommends using a controller, but I did fine with a mouse and keyboard.As I mentioned earlier, it has a few visual bugs. Hopefully, those will get patched in future updates. It's definitely an improvement over Dead Rising 1 and 2. The amount of zombies they can cram on screen is staggering. There's nothing more satisfying than plowing through hordes of the undead with your crazy weapon or vehicle of choice.I won't say much about the story because I'm not that far into it yet (I've restarted a few times to keep leveling up). From what I've experienced, the tone switches from dark and depressing (it is a zombie apocalypse after all) to quirky weirdness. I personally like its style, though it could be oddly jarring to a newcomer. The plot seems pretty standard, though I'll see if that changes if I can break away from just slaughtering everything that shambles.If you're fortunate enough to get through it without crashing and the few visual bugs don't bother you too much, Dead Rising 3 is a fun addition to anyone's zombie game library.8/10"
,Recommended,265550,12025791,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,beardedpig,"12 hours in, why is everyone complaining????? it's actually not bad. sure there were a few game crashed. but they actually stopped for me. 8/10"
76561198014977332,Recommended,265550,12026150,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Emopanda420,Granted this game has crashed on my... 3 times in the past hour...BUT...This game verges on epic. and i reccomend it For all who Exist. Epic Epic Epic. <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
76561198096377604,Recommended,265550,12033754,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,tauren85,"This was a good buy. If you like killing zombies then there is a lot to do. This game is a lot of fun. Some people are saying the game crashes but knock on wood I have not had any, it has been running just fine."
76561198078800660,Recommended,265550,12034535,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Stoner Dad,"Game is amazing hack and slash zombie hilarious fun!  I think the new ""hip"" thing for gamers to do is hate all over stuff...well..whatever as a ""mature"" gamer, crap happens, things get worked out and life goes on, in the meantime, remember ""fun""? well this game is FUN...my friend and I have been nonstop slashing and laughing our asses off for days...you will too!"
,Recommended,265550,11994400,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,B1GDU3,"Early Adopter Issues Aside, This is a solid and fun game.Capcom has been eager to address issues."
76561198022918160,Recommended,265550,12012702,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,CrazyMeee,"Great game, definetly  the best dead rising game so far. I haven't had any problems with performance, runs smoothly on my pc. A must buy for zombie fans!"
76561198010835403,Recommended,265550,12013870,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,GrimlockPrimus,Had no problems on my computer runs great love it good game buy it if you can
76561197965093983,Recommended,265550,12014218,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,☭ MARPATdroid ☭,"I was very annoyed until I tried jbneoh's suggestion and removed the FPS cap.  This helped reduce the crashes as well as make the game run at a playable FPS.    The game is fun, like the older ones, but definitely needs to be optimized and stabilized.  I'm on the fence of recomend not recomend.  Pre adding the INI file I would say Definitely Not, but after the fix to get rid of of the FPS limit I would say it is stable enough to recomend.  Hopefully Capcom makes some more adjustments soon.Here are the instructions from jbneoh on how to remove the FPS cap:Guide to remove 30fps cap>Go to your deadrising3 folder. Default should be (C: Program Files (x86) \ Steam \ Steam Apps \ Common \ deadrising3)>create new text file in the folder>name it ""user.ini"" (make sure you change the file type from txt to ini)>open the new text file and type in “gmpcr_unlock_frame_rate = True”>save the document>start the game>enjoy!!"
,Recommended,265550,12015621,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Joeker579,its fun i like how you can outfit your group with mgs and auto shotguns and just walk around the city lol and i have no graphic issues infact these next gen games dont give me problems like i read about they actually run better for me right from the start rather than the older ports..
,Recommended,265550,12015678,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,AlanMichel,"ATM 09/07/2014 just completly unplayable. Just too choppy and laggy and crashes of course, Worst game on my laptop. I've been able to play skyrim with the best graphics ever and it doesnt lag or be choppy at all. This game should have been tested before being released on PC. Come on...."
76561198009085167,Recommended,265550,12016061,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Joshua |UKCS|,"Would i recommend this game? Yes.Due to the lack of positive reviews this game has received, i've decided to throw my opinion out into the mix.This game is great, while it may not be optimized for most systems, it works flawlessly on mine with only one complaint, the mouse acceleration, even with my mouse sensitivity set as low as possible, it's still faster than i'm used too, but it's manageable. I've had no crashes that seem to flood the forum, so i can only assume I'm either lucky, or the people complaining are running it on a dated system.I don't see the reasoning for complaints regarding the 30 fps cap, the game is playable, it doesn't affect the gameplay in the slightest (for me), thus it's not a problem, It would be nice if the game could run uncapped, but again, it's not a problem, gameplay over graphics, right? So yes, if you know your system can run this game without a hitch, i would say buy it, otherwise, wait for the sale.My computer specs are as follows to give a bit of a ""benchmark"" to base your opinion off.Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-4670K CPU @ 3.40GHzVideo Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760Memory: 8.1 GBOperating System: Microsoft Windows 7 Professional Edition Service Pack 1 (build 7601), 64-bit"
,Recommended,265550,12017545,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,zwei,"Dead Rising 3 features plenty of action, and it allows for a great deal of customization. You'll find a ton of items simply laying around, and you can pick up all of them. As you level up your character by chaining zombie kills, you'll gain new crafting abilities and perks. Building weapons in segments as you collect more pieces makes Dead Rising feel almost like an action-oriented role-playing game .and DR3 also features a remarkable number of vehicles as well as different ways to customize them to make them your own, giving you that extra touch of pride as you run down every zombie that crosses your path. This is hardly just mindless fun; zombies come in many classes, some more powerful than others. If your custom vehicle isn't strong enough to deal with the types you're up again, you won't be able to simply plow through an area.As you level up, it becomes easier to deal with  but  for those that  prefer a meatier challenge, DR3 offers Nightmare Mode, which brings the experience more in line with Dead Rising 2. You can't save at any point you like in Nightmare Mode, and the zombies become much harder to deal with.Negative RatingsThe graphics don't provide as much of a next-generation Youd hoped for, but the atmosphere and huge number of zombies more than make up for it + The Nightmare Mode,,And Thx to the Missing files For some ppl the game Crash Regularly if they dont Downlod them or Try to Re Download the game and see if they get them Next atempt,,"
,Recommended,265550,12021581,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,hard_caliber,Its fun - having a total blast.
,Recommended,265550,12029053,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Glacier Shake,"Dispite suffering framerate drops and only crashed to blackscreen once, I gotta say I enjoyed this game alot! All those weapon combos, car combos and funny as heck crazy psychos, made all this very enjoyable to play.Greatful for the Apocolypse extra they threw in with the game, now i hope that the new one that hits the consoles comes to us too.Only thing that annoyed me the most were those damn late spawning explosive barrels that appear out of nowhere! I must have lost 10+ steamroller hogs because of those."
76561198039252858,Recommended,265550,12031555,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Lee Atlas Anderson,"Great game though it occasionaly crashes due to my nvedia graphics card,though I presume this will be patched.It is also poorly optimizedfor the pc so expect mid setting at best."
,Recommended,265550,16546770,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Chug,"While playing this game, i discovered my new favorite thing in life and that is the Rollerhawg"
76561198055564620,Recommended,265550,12027973,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Just Call Me Daddy,"I will start off by saying that I have been waiting for this game since its release nearly a year ago, and I will continue by saying this would have been the only real game I would have bought an Xbox One for. Now with that said here is my take on the game.I am one of the unlucky ones since I use a laptop which uses Nvidia, so I crash, though I am one of the lucky crashers; I can get past the main menu and play for 2 minutes - 2 hours without crashing. All you must do is save often, cannot be stressed enough.Now, I will get into the elements that make this game. If you are familiar with the Dead Rising series, then you know that the exploration, the psychos, and the endless amount of free running and events made the game what it was.The problems I see with this game starting is the massive lack of psychos in the game. DR1 had 16, and DR2 had 22, give or take since you fought main bosses’ multiple times every once and awhile. Now, with all my time played (20 hrs as of now, chapter 6 (I did the untold stories first since they crashed less)) I have fought 6 or 7 psychos in the main story. Though they seemed more thought out; since they are all based off of the 7 deadly sins, that does not make them hard, but that also does not make them fun. By this I mean, I enjoyed fighting them, but they were so easy, you have to hit them 2X or 3X, then roll and you would never get hit, though if you were there were generally 5+ heal items nearby in the fighting area.Next, the lack of Survivors, now I don’t know off the top of my head, but in DR1 & DR2 there were over 50 since there were achievements for saving 50 in both. Well DR3 has 25, but you can call them to come help from any safe house which is cool I guess, though whenever I saved 1 I always instantly got rid of them, afraid their AI might bug out like my game.Moving forward, there are little to no events in DR3, mainly because there are no psychos or survivors, so, because of this, there is no reason to inform the player over anything happening. Now, in DR1 and DR2 there were so many events, you could just run them forever, then do the story missions after, then if you had time you could free run on the sidelines. Since there is nothing ever going on in DR3 you can free run all the time and do events whenever the game wants to give you some. The most events I have had at a time was when the game dumped 3 events to help people, and 1 psycho, and this was only because the main story mission’s objective was ""wait for so and so to do this or that"".Another thing is, you can't really connect to characters as well as in other DR's. In 1 the story was good, the character development was great, the malls progress throughout the game was fun and enjoyable. Same with 2, you felt connected to the people around you, you needed to save your daughter, and the progression on Chuck made sense. In 3 the only real characters you connect to is Nick, the main character; you don’t really get to know much about anyone else, and all I know so far is h is pretty handy for what he used to do post-zombie outbreak.The last thing I dislike but still like is the lockers. In the game, when you pick up an item it will get placed in a locker in a safehouse so whenever you visit you can grab a new version literally whenever. This is cool yes, but it gets rid of fun at times; for example, I raced an owner of a gun store (or so I think, he had the key at least) when I won he mumbled something that didn't affect the story, then unlocked the door to this giant gun store. Now in other DR's I would have been happy and the fun would have begun, but in this game, it doesn’t matter, there were no combos or collectables in there at all, and I already had all the weapons in my locker, I could have let the guy die for all I cared, he had nothing of value to me, I guess the PP was nice but you get that like crazy for doing anything, even killing a couple zombies equals a couple thousand. Now going along with the locker, it could literally not be there, there are so many damn items on the ground at all times that it does not matter, it's like the army care packaged the city with all their arms and any items they thought might kill something.Now the map is massive, and it is broken into 4 parts, and there are no load screens besides animated ones involving plot or a psycho. Sure it is a pain to go from point A at one section of the city and then point B at the complete other end where you needed to go through at least 1 other part to get to your destination, but it made things interesting, something new might happen every time you enter the place you have been 50 other times.Now I have not played in co-op yet, since the game crashes so much I feel trying might not matter, but along the forums I have also seen that people have trouble joining and inviting friends so hell if I know if it even works to begin with. But if it does work I guess that might help since the Dead Risings are known for letting you mess around.Now, I am not hating on the dead risings, I have done basically everything DR1 had to offer, even survive 7 ingame days without dyeing in survival (14 hrs nonstop) and I have done the same with DR2, hell I even did all the arcade standalone titles because Dead rising is my 2nd favorite series (I doubt you would guess the first).Lastly, do I like the game? -Yes, I do, I think it is fun, though it has its fair share of bugs here and there, but what games don’t start off running strong these days? I find the game fun, and that is all that matters to me. In the end, I give it a 7/7.5-10 because I know at some point it might get better. I am going to finish by saying, if you are from the dead rising series you might feel a sense of loss, but you might still enjoy it like me (if your copy works), and if you are new you will probably like it more than us.I might update this as time goes on, or leave it as a reminder of what use to be, who knows now, only time can tell. P.S I never talked about graphics because: Game Play > Graphics. - though they are good once you uncap the FPS.(After some years they fixed some things but there are still bugs. The game is still fun to a point, but doesn't live up to the last 2, but at least it's better than DR4)"
76561198026453664,Recommended,265550,24029917,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,manganick82,"Great openworld Zombie game, like all previous installments a must have"
,Recommended,265550,33135527,Posted: 2 July,all,Drifter,I love the ability to pick up anything to use as a weapon as well as crafting items for a better weapon. lol not to mention being able to Bash all the Zombies I want. lol
,Recommended,265550,30709831,Posted: 24 March,all,Assassins creed,Steven en Niels pls val dood tnx!
76561198042149113,Recommended,265550,13095842,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Michael Phelps,"Lag and black screen as the ♥♥♥♥en terminator known as Nick. Seriously, this guy can take a ♥♥♥♥en grenade to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and walk that♥♥♥♥♥♥off like some kid just punched him in the gooch."
,Recommended,265550,12039934,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Prospero666,I have played DR 1 (8/10) and DR 2 (6/10) and this is the best. It's a little darker and had THE BEST story of the three.The difficulty has been turned down just a notch. I was fighting for my life in each boss fight but I didn't have to repeat any. I felt the last 2 were just a bit too hard. The balance is just right here.Graphics are stunning.9/10
,Recommended,265550,12026979,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Edu27,Best Game Ever
,Not Recommended,265550,12175584,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,robotman5,"The Game runs fine for me, i don't mind the 30 FPS Cap and i am only on 720p so that might be why. the only compliant i have is glitchy shadows i noticed when playing and no text chat when playing co-op not all of us wanna use mic! and it is really fun to play co-op with a friend!Still i would wait for a sale or when they release more patches before buying this."
,Recommended,265550,12204154,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Toasty,Works for me. heh
76561198049448206,Recommended,265550,12002472,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Isplicewithadam,"Fantastic game, great graphics, alot of fun and short loading times!"
76561198008149534,Recommended,265550,12074517,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,SlacK CaT,"Out of all the zombie games out there, Dead Rising 3 is probablly the best.The graphics are very real looking and its so much fun to just bash and shoothordes of undead. Gameplay and controls are nicely done and its very satisfyingto play.Awesome game-spend the ca$h for this one-its worth every penny."
,Recommended,265550,12076370,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Gastrodon,"Well, here was my first impressionThis is pretty cool, I'm thrown in, slow control introduction, let's just walk to the end of this tunnel, AND OOOOH GOOODDDDDDD ZOMBIES. RUN RUN RUN. TO THE DINER, BUT OH WAIT, A PLANE IS CRASHING, GREAT, GOTTA RUN THROUGH THE DEBRIS, I MAKE IT, COOL, ZOMBREX, ILLEGAL ALIENS, WHAT IS GOING ON, LET'S MAKE A CAR, I BET THIS CAR IS CRAP COMPARED TO THE OTHER CARS I CAN MAKEI used that car the entire game, nothing comparedAfter beating itAlright, that was actually a lot of fun. Tons of goofy stuff, a pretty cool story, I might just be easily entertained, but I truly enjoyed it. I could hardly play anything else, because I was dying to see what happened next. The twists and turns of the story at times were predictable, but there's always a group of people that can predict those kinds of things in any given game.Overall I'd give this game an 8/10."
76561198055029544,Recommended,265550,12265595,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Mei Yushu,Saints row + Zombies = Dead rising 3
,Recommended,265550,11990570,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Nerevar117,Try adding another monitor or hooking to a TV via HDMI cord!!!
,Recommended,265550,11995871,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Santa,"lol I don't know about all these crashes everyone is complaining about. I've been completely fine with a little lag. The game has been alot of fun 3 hours in. Story appears to be short, but with a mostly free roam set up, I don't see total game time being too short. Replay value is available, as it is with all DR games. Also, keep in mind, Dead Rising 3 is much different from its predecesors. No escorting survivors to the safe room (although there are still plenty of side missions), collectible/free roam based, and a much more open world. Be aware of what you're buying."
76561198039252913,Recommended,265550,12007439,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,341's RIp P.O.P hold it down,"This game is great. My co-op buddy and I played this game 10 hours straight with no ""dc from host"" or anything. The gameplay is fast,fun, and satisfying. We both play with the 30 fps uncapped and works great. Howerver there is one spot in the game,if you are near or in that area it does drop frames to about 10 fps regardless of how many zombies theree are. Other than that its greatcheck out my short gameplay montage on it's release datehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JUrJTj1yTw&list=UUS7aSNK8aRUIrLaPQKoH3lQ"
,Recommended,265550,13046563,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Boner,"the thrid game i nthe dead rice sereys , chuck greene is ♥♥♥♥ing dead and frank west is guilty of7.5/10"
,Recommended,265550,16254293,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Смерть,Fun game i suggest to only buy and play this game with only a beefy computer I learnedthat the hard way :(
76561197971707003,Not Recommended,265550,12018521,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Sami (UK),"I'm writing this review (my first ever review) solely for the purpose of letting anyone considering the game that it crashes in 10 minutes or less whenever I play, I have a computer that cost £2800 from Cyberpower so I know its not my system's specs - pretty devastated about this as I had been looking forward to this game."
76561198011223494,Recommended,265550,12201958,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Big boyy Daquan,Had no technical problems on launch and with the new Nvidia driver the performance is just perfectly fine. Killing massive hordes of zombies is at least in the first 10 hours one of the funniest things i ever experienced in a game.
,Recommended,265550,28007522,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Captain-Fish,"Great game if you love endless killing, whether it be you being killed or the crazy katana man who performed a great magic trick and lost his head...unfortunate.Anyone else instantly make the huge teddy lmg weapon right when they found it? Or at least beat zombies brains in with the bear? Best weapon by far. It squeaks."
,Recommended,265550,24089790,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SangoKun,"Its a good co-op game, want to have fun with a friend?Get this game.i didn't have any problems with the game and i don't know if capcom fixed itps: you can unlock the 60fps, look it up :D"
76561198022873467,Not Recommended,265550,12131576,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,A Real Dumb Bird {LUG},you would be hard pressed to find a worse port
,Recommended,265550,20693048,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,GonnaBeDramatic,"The electric hammer is so damn cool ROFL, I think I need to recommend it to some creators, in this game you can create lots of things that you can't imagine.XD"
76561198071766452,Recommended,265550,23933511,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Anri,"Doesn't feel to me (personally) as if it's very replayable; yes I enjoyed the base game, very much so, and yes I will be finishing the DLCs and getting the good old Dead Rising 'S' Ending. However, unless partnered with a friend I feel as if the game may feel repetitive after a while.The Primary Questline, without spoiling to much, is the good cliche Dead Rising story that most people came for. However, I feel as if the base Questline was lacking bosses, 'psychopaths' and the characters within the questline were all boring and mundane..:Gary Finkel - Not seen much, but is slightly crucial to the story? No... Not really, but being honest he was one of the only interesting characters aroundRhonda Kreske - The moaning, nagging, annoying person nobody wants to be around, and unfortunately... You have to, not all the time but even seeing her in a cutscene made me want to skip it. (Which I did)Richard Baker - (Changed from original name to avoid censorship), described as a 'wise-cracker' who I think I saw about, three times? Yet he's part of the 'main group' ...His jokes were so bad... He was the epitome of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stereotype.As for the side quests, they were so....sobad compared to the Dead Rising 2 and 'Off The Record' (I played both on my old console).  Most quests consisting of, move here, then here... Then over there, then back here, then there, now here, 'Thanks I'll follow you until you abandon me, (Or I die)'Aids.As for problems with the Port to PC, my game ran perfectely and I believe I had no errors, other than one minor framerate drop at the starting area. I'm unsure if that's due to Capcom patches or the computer on my end, but hey-ho.I recommended this as I still managed to get ten hours, and will likely get another ten at least. (I spent over 100 on the two Dead Rising 2s). And for the sale price, it was good to get nostalgic and focus on a game I used to love, being revived, and made into... Half the game it was once before.It's a good pick if it's on sale (Which it is) if I paid £39.99, Full Price, I may be a little sad... (Very sad maybe)"
,Recommended,265550,13645507,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ricky Ricardo,"Yeah this game has some problems, yeah sometimes it can be annoying, but if you can pick this game up on sale its totally worth it! The story is alot better than the last two games and it feels really open. If you need a game just to have fun with when taking a break from a rpg or something lengthy this is the game for you!"
76561198044581694,Recommended,265550,23914436,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,some dude,"Okay, first things first, this game runs fine on my PC. I get a constant 30 frames, with only a couple of crashes during my whole campaine. But it would seem everybody else is having massive problems with their games. I would recomend however that you turn on V-sync, because there is A LOT of screen tearing. So just in case your game does not work, buy this game on sale ONLY.Pros:TONS of zombeis to kill!AWESOME coop (so bring a freind if possible)Lots, and lots of hilarios costumes to wearRealy good combat system, with realy cool finishing attacks after killing enough zombeis as wellVery interesting, and very powerfull combo weapons and vehiclesIn my opinion Nick is a very good main characterAnd the story is OK at best, but you will be to buisy killing hordes and hordes of zombeis to careCons:The game is locked to 30 frames ;(I did have some minor issues with my friend dropping out of coop with me because of the game disconeting him from meI also had some crashes, but only like 3So to recap, the game is AMAZINGLY FUN IN EVERY WAY, but only if you can get it to work. So make sure you have a beast of a machine, and a freind to play with if you can. PS, to any gramar buffs reading this that spot mistakes........... GET OF MY CASE ENGLISH IS MY MOST HATED CLASS IN SCHOOL........ *recomposes self* And i hope this helped you decide wheather or not to purchase Dead Rising 3 Apocalypse Edition, HAVE FUN KILLIN ZAMBEIS!!!!"
76561198162826375,Recommended,265550,26738017,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Thatoneguy,"I love this game its just i wish that once you finish the game you can unlock free play where every combo and super combos are unlocked and you can use them but other then that this game is awesome its open world, online, and awesome i liked the car adition to the game aswell"
,Recommended,265550,12007391,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,BnSwiss,this game runs fine dont listen to idiots who have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rigs. Its really fun really fun.
,Recommended,265550,12285122,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Proscoo,this game has been fixed and dont deserve all these negative reviewsmy only negative thing about this game was the crashes now that they fixed it i find it a enjoyable game.
76561198165662204,Recommended,265550,13775761,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The Lonely God,I never liked Dead Rising until now. Buy it! It is the best game I played this week.
,Not Recommended,265550,18285217,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Smiley,Piece of crap port. Cant get this to run on my i5/R9 390. ♥♥♥♥ing hell
76561198039760320,Recommended,265550,20175363,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Imrileth,Bought this from christmas sale for 16 euros and it was totally worth the money and i was really pleasantly surprised of how good and fun the game was both gameplay  and performance wise especially after hearing a lot about how bad the pc port was after it was released so i think it's decent port right now after all the patches.After unlocking the framerate the game runs at maxed settings on 3570k 4.4 ghz and R 390 really well considering it's pretty impressive looking game with all the zombies that are on the screen at the same time i don't recall any other game even try anything like this yet. It mostly runs at 60 fps and dropping to 40-50 when huge amounts of things are happening on screen.Story wise i like the game it has funny moments and serious moments in good balance so it's not too over the top and not too serious either imo a good balance.I definately like this game a lot and i usually don't even care about zombie games cause most of them are too boring or take themselves too seriously  i totally recommend this if you like fun gameplay and story that has some serious moments and also funny moments.
76561197997061990,Recommended,265550,21990142,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,naetharu,"I've had a lot of fun with this game. It's a great installment in the series and offers some neat new ideas and twists on the previous games. Here are my key points in a nice short list:(1) Technically the game seems to be very solid. I read quite a few worries about the PC build but I have not had any issues.  Of particular note, there are loads of options for tuning the game to your PC so its easy to strike the balance you want between FPS and visual fidelity. I managed to get a solid 60fps with custom settings that to my eye looked really nice.(2) The sheet number of zombies on screen at once is stunning. I would guess there can be upward of five-hundred (500) of them at once in some of the larger areas. This is the first zombie game where you really feel like you are wading thought the creatures as they swarm after you.(3) The combat is simple yet good fun. Its a basic light/heavy attack button masher. But its the weapons that make the game really fun. There is lots of variety ranging from the awesome to the daft. There is also a greatly expanded customization system which allows the creation of some really powerful and crazy means of destruction.(4) The story is dumb but passable. Its a cheesey account of a few folks trying to escape the outbreak in a given city with some ham-fisted nonsense about goverment conspiracies tossed in for good measure. The characters are better than those in previous games but its still far from the highlight of the game. At best its a tacked on to give you an excuse to run around the city and deal with the zombies.(5) As with the previous games there are some really off mysogynistic characters. In some ways they feel even more off the mark in this game where other characters are handled better. I guess at least not all the women are treated as freakish sexual objects but there are still some. I find it tasteless and pretty pathetic but I enjoy the rest of the game enough to overlook these issues.All in all I enjoy the game a lot. At its best it is daft, fun, cool and mad all at once. It dips to some really pathetic lows with a few of the female characters which is a shame, yet not all that surprising coming from Capcom. However, aside from these few miss-steps its a pretty good game and well worth playing.Oh, and its worth adding that it works perfeclty with the Xbox One controller via the wireless adapter. I mention this since the previous game did not work with a controller despite saying otherwise on the store page."
,Recommended,265550,22147788,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,JC Denton,"Don't let the Steam user reviews fool you!Sure, the game does not run very smoothly, and you need to make an .ini file configuration to unlock the framerate, however the game itself is definitely worth the time, of someone who loves the zombie genre/culture in general. In hindsight, if the game didn't have the optimization and performance that it did have during launch, I'm pretty certain that this game would be rated FAR higher, than it is right now.Game is about roaming inside a city sandbox filled with zombies (and I really mean FILLED). Building weapons and vehicles of carnage and destruction to eviscerate, shred, slice and bludgeon the zombies to a pulp. If you enjoy violent and gory video games, this will most definitely tickle your fancy. Story is a mixed bag, but has some great cameos, that surprise you, if you were playing the previous games at some point, and still remember some of the characters. Psychopath enemies are just as crazy (maybe even more so in this game) as they were in all of the Dead Rising games, and some of them were downright disturbing. The inital cover and the ""look"" of the game might be deceiving at first, implying that it's a ""realistic"" zombie survival game, but I'm really glad that it isn't.PROS:- An insanely expansive selection of different weapons, combos, super combos, firearms, explosives... ET CETERA. If at any point of your life have you wondered what would be like shooting zombies with a high-powered dil...ahem ""massager"" cannon - this game might answer your question.- No escort missions. They were extremely repetative, but necessary for proper completion, in previous games. Here the survivors can use any weapons you give them, and the AI is actually pretty good, since they will follow your lead ANYWHERE and even up obsticles, jumping to buildings.- A generous time limit. If you're a bit salty over getting a whole week, in-game time, to complete the game, consider starting the game immediately on ""Nightmare mode"", since from my personal experience, I can tell that it was made for more experienced Dead Rising players. You have less time, and it starts counting down the second you get control of your character in the tutorial. You get 5 days, not 7.- Proper learning curve. You no longer feel limited by the controls of the game, which previous games had. You have additional buttons for melee attacks and you can finally SPRINT SPRINT SPRINT. Who knew that a zombie game with a time-sensitive direction would benefit from a sprinting mechanic?- Comfortable controls (played with a gamepad)- Decent performance on an AMD GPU (R9 280X). Played the game on ""High"", 1080p with SMAA, and had no real issues. Yes the game sometimes dipped to high 30's, but that wasn't frequent. Most of the time, game stayed at high 40, low 50's and 60fps, when I was running is less crowded areas.- Almost no loading screens. Dead Rising 2 had an abyssmal amount of loading screens and a lot of areas with loading screens. However, this time around there are very few load screens, and most of them occur when switching from cutscenes into gameplay. World is seamless, across all 4 ""islands"".MIXED:- Progression feels generic. More health, faster combination, more damage. etc.- Not very many useful combo weapons. A good chunk of them you'll probably craft once, and never use again.- Controls aren't fluid enough, but it's still a huge improvement over the older games.- Story is B movie quality at best, but if you enjoy the cheesy popcorn, it's probably one of the best in the zombie genre.CONS:- You can't combine weapons without blueprints. This is probably the biggest issue with the current combo system, since it discourages personal experimentation, while Dead Rising 2 encouraged it. You know for a fact that those components will mix, but you can't without a blueprint.- Overall an easy experience. Bosses are not challenging, because the combo weapons (especially the Elemental Staff) just melt the bosses away like they're boogers under a water faucet. Solving the control and ease of use issues made the game too accessible for older players of the series.- You are never required to combine weapons again, since you can cherry pick them out of the ""Safe Zone"" lockers. Sure, you can't just pick 10 Elemental Staffs, but you can pick 2, which still sort of makes the combo mechanic redundant during the later stages of the game, since you can just pick up a freshly made weapon, without any crafting.- Not enough vehicle combos. There's only 10 of them, and some of them don't feel too much different from the other.- Bad VSYNC. If you remove the framerate cap, whenever the game goes down by at LEAST two or three frames, it instantly locks it to 30fps. Unless you have a really poweful setup, that will NEVER dip your framerate, consider disabling in-game VSYNC, and using an alternative way to remove screen tearing.Stuff that I did not cover in this review:- Co-op, since I still haven't properly played it. People to my knowledge can HARM your survivors, but you can also instantly kick them, so there's no real problem here. VOIP seems to be working fine, with what little experience I had with it.- DLC, aside from the extra outfits, vehicles, weapons you get. Outfits are sort of disappointing, but some of the weapons   are really kick♥♥♥♥♥In conclusion:Dead Rising 3 is a good game. Shocker, huh? It does have performance issues and framerate locks, but there are ways around it. The hate is definitely deserved for the quality the game had during the launch, and it deserves the hit in reputation that it received, however I see no reason to ignore a fun game like this. It can be played with a friend or solo, it has lots of bloodshed, it's not frustratingly difficult (which made some people turn away from Dead Rising in the past) and it also manages to create an interesting world to wreck some zombies in. Cannot recommend this game enough, if you enjoy the zombie genre."
76561198041844214,Recommended,265550,12505353,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,NGamer,"Intro:Dead Rising 3 might have the same formula of Dead Rising series, but 3 is rewarding. Safe to say this is the only game in which story doesn't matter.Graphics:Environment looks greatZombies are better detailedEye stress during the night part of the game.Gameplay:It all depends on your custom weaponoverall easy (alot of reaction button smahers)smoothThe Bad:Alot of Item materilizing just like in Xbox One and PS4Conclusion:If you need a game full of comedy with a storyline that you don't have do.Maybe you just love shooting dead things that walkorYou love graphicsDead Rsing 3 is for you..."
76561198163011278,Recommended,265550,34383188,Posted: 20 August,all,strainsthename,kool
,Recommended,265550,34342556,Posted: 18 August,all,Outrider,"10/10, would vomit on zombies again"
,Not Recommended,265550,15927095,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ScrubLord69,the multiplayer is not working
76561198164419892,Recommended,265550,34966696,Posted: 15 September,all,VampHammer,"This is an incredible game. I had so much fun playing Dead Rising 3, in fact I can't seem to stop playing it. I really like going back and replaying chapters and looking for more collectables. Totally worth the purchase. Gotta go kill zombies !!"
,Recommended,265550,35192683,Posted: 24 September,all,c o s m o s,"It's actually not that bad but jfc get Flawless Widescreen to cap the fps at 60It has some dumb decisions like the infinite weapon locker I ♥♥♥♥ing hated making crafting weapons useless, or some of the max level upgrades, but it's still fairly fun especially in coopNot my favourite in the series (DR1 is bae) but at least it's pretty good compared to DR4 which I refuse to believe that it exists"
76561198159856872,Recommended,265550,32052074,Posted: 29 May,all,Mister Sniper (broken pc),"I do like playing zombie games especialy this one but just to let some players know that if you have a windows 10 computer, the game will crash in 15 minutes or so and to prevent that open up ""Task Manager"" and scroll down until you find ""Keyboard and Handwriting"" or something like that and click that and click ""End Task"" but you will have to keep doing everytime when you turn on your computer if you wanna play this game so just a little heads up if you have a windows 10 and it keeps crashing every 15 minutes and you don't know why well by reading this, you'll fix the problem so have fun!"
,Recommended,265550,34272833,Posted: 16 August,all,Jarazz,"I love the Dead Rising Series and i must say the main character ""Nick"" was in fact in my favorite so far. Nick being the most realistic character in dead rising series in my opinion. The series has always been fun, with the villians, survivors and cast all being diverse. Of Course the amazing feeling of wanting to save a survivor but them wanting you to do something completely stupid because their life means less to them than their own personal gain. That will always be a loved and hated sequence i hope the dead rising franchise keeps."
,Recommended,265550,11995546,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Uncle Kaz,"***UPDATED***(1.10.2016)After four LOOOONG years of waiting this game is finally out for PC.As big fan of DR series im really happy to see it.I have really much too say,but one of the most important things is the game is advanced in almost everything from previous games,but sadly ALMOST.I'm gonna say some pros and cons,also there will be neutral features (for some one its con,for someone its pros).Let's startPROS:+Absolutely new setting in the city (yeah i know DR2 was in the city too,but it was casino-like city and honestly it was kinda like mall from DR1)+Super combos (they first was introduced in DR2,but there was a few (Blietzkrieg,Laser gun and etc).Third part provides many super combos with ability to upgrade them (for example Mecha Dragon,which will become Ultimate mecha dragon,after adding 2-3 new items,in DR2 there was only 3 weapons combo))+Different heroes in COOP (i know in the DR2:CW was also different heroes,but it was addon for  the main game,they are also was in DR2:OTR,but Chuck wasn't story related)+More complex customisation (finally in the third game you can wear different pants and etc)+Open World+Challenges (they've returned from OTR,it's really epic)+Vehicle combos (there was some basic in DR2 like a Bunny Bike,Chainsaw bike,Machine gun bike,but in third game there is a really big amount of combos)+ALL clothes now stored in locker (not dlc and achievement only)+Combo gauge+Survivors board (now you can recruit them after rescuing)+Nice rewards after game completion+Great Overtime Sequence+Great BossesCONS:-No camera-Bad optimization-Second hero ♥♥♥♥♥♥ customisation is not showing in cutscenes (thats a huge let down,because in DR2:CW they did it just fine,i hope mods will change that)-You can't craft weapons without blueprints-New side quests and random survivors only appear when you progressing story (i saw this in 6 days mode (Story mode) maybe in nightmare mode there is no such thing.In previous games new survivors and quests appears when the time progresses (even if you failed main quest (story)))-Less skill moves-Challenges not so various (almost all of them about killing things,maybe after you progress story there will be more)-Challenges VERY easy (really,capcom?In OTR they at least had some difficulty)-Nightmare Mode is not challenging at all-It's really easy to level up-Amount of Bosses decreased comparing to other DR gamesNEUTRAL:+-Weapon locker+-There is no need to escort survivors to safehouse anymore+-Two game modes (6 days and 3 days)+-Some DLC costumes isn't in PC version (like a Chuck,Frank etc)+-NO COOP in Untold Stories (for me it's really bad)+-Your character can't call his parther when he dies (that was epic and funny in DR2),also he can't call for survivors,but he can give them commands at least.+-Money system was completely removed (this system was only in DR2 and DR2:OTR)+-Stat books no longer appear as a physical thing after you picked them upIt's all major pros and cons,i did complete a main story and it was good.I won't give it a score i just say....FANTASTIC!Also sorry for my ENGLISH and i hope you like that review and it will help you decide to buy this game.I recomend this for both fans and newcomers.SEE YA,GUYS!!!"
,Recommended,265550,12099757,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,[T2 <3]Bodo,FUN sanboxish zombie slaying game. Laughed so many times must buy :>
,Recommended,265550,28654287,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Willfang,"A good game overall, slighty held back by the easier than normal difficulty. Leveling up gets a bit too easy by the end, basically having you be overpowered to a ridiculous degree. Psychopaths can be a bit too easy as well. Nightmare mode somewhat remedies this, however some of the underlying problems are still there. I somewhat found myself missing the mall srtting, but you quickly grow to like Los Perdidos.Great gameplay, improved from the last few games, dlc is a decent distraction as well."
,Recommended,265550,12060374,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,GenMarshmallow,Is good stuf
,Recommended,265550,12079354,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Cream <3,Pretty fun
,Recommended,265550,23893542,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SILVESTRO,"Unlock the FPS and it's a better Dead Rising 2,For me the game actually ran smoother after unlocking the games FPS limit (well of course, 30 FPS just makes my eyes hurt) and activating V-sync. Runs smooth, for anyone wondering what specs I played withi7 6700kMSI GTX 1070 G X7200RPM HDD (yeah not an SSD)"
,Recommended,265550,13804936,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Drebin,"Great game! Loved the earlier games on Xbox 360, just didn't want to bother getting an Xbox One.I almost held off buying this because of the other negative reviews about the PC conversion. But I'm glad I ignored them. I have played through the entire single-player game, and all the DLC missions too, and haven't had a single crash at all. Not one. I also got all the collectibles and side-missions too (I failed a couple of the collectible DLC ones that don't allow you to restart, I suck). So I definitely got to see every nook and cranny of the game.Note that ""single-player"" may be key here. I don't like co-op mode for Dead Rising, I enjoy it solo. So possibly multiplayer has stability issues - but I wouldn't know. If you just want to play single-player, it's perfectly fine.Performance: It's a game targetted at a console, running at 30fps. Given it's a launch XBone title, it's probably 720p on that platform too. I have an i7-4790 (3.6ghz) and a GTX 750 Ti and it ran fine at 1900x1200. I didn't notice it dropping below 30fps even when there's hundreds of zombies on screen. It's not getting first-person shooter framerates, but it's solid enough for a console conversion in my opinion.Don't listen to the naysayers - go buy it! :)"
,Recommended,265550,12085433,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ZONEcold,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,265550,12302582,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Punx,"So much fun! Yet so many crashes as well! Well not that many, but still quite a lot!Anyways, this game is in keeping with the spirit of Dead RIsing and the new additions work wonders. I love the combo vehicles, the leveling up is better, and you just feel more freedom. Then it crashes, so save! Somehow still worth it to me, but definately can use some fixes."
,Recommended,265550,12203322,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,strychnine,"After the new nvidia drivers released last week, I've had no more issues with this game and crashing. I will state alot of people blamed Capcom for this and it was a nvidia driver issue. Do not let people influence your opinion on a game right after a release on technical issues, it's never a fair assessment of a game.That said this is an incredibly fun game and I've enjoyed it thoroughly. I was never a fan of the first one, and haven't played 2 just yet. But 3 has been well worth the money so far!I can dress like a mexican wrestler sporting an afro and kill zombies with a vibrator.11/10  -  would violate zombies again."
,Recommended,265550,15945161,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,ZIGGY5214,"I love this game, Actually i love all the Dead Rising Series especially the Original Dead Rising and Dead Rising 2 which are in Malls but Dead Rising 3 is in the city Good Game I recommend it :)"
,Recommended,265550,12086916,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Bear Baron,"I'm going to start off by saying that this game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't have a high-end PC and that probably doesn't help, but I was mostly running the game at low frames my entire time playing it.That being said, this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing blast to play, and I don't regret my purchase. Having played the previous two titles a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton i couldn't resist picking this up and man it's just as fun as the previous games. The controls have been improved, making combat and movement feel a lot smoother then how it was in DR2, and every feels improved overall. Driving feels better overall, crafting on the fly was a vast improvment to having to find a bench, and things such as having multiple explosives, better guns, and a revamped way of leveling really makes the game feel like an upgrade.On the downside, I'm kind of sad that weapon combos have been completely restricted to Blueprints unlike in the first game, where weapon combos would just net less PP when you didn't have the card. It made Nick feel less like a creative survivor in a dying world and that kind of upset me. Next I think the lack of being able to have multiple playthroughs active at once really hurt my experience, having want to play with friends who were Level 1 and being completely broken at the max level. Finally I feel like the supply closets are ridicously broken and kind of hurt the experience as a whole, unless you choose not to use them. They are kind of balanced out by having a limited number of recharging uses but I think they could of been better off not being there or having a much bigger cost to using them.Overall if you liked the previous games Dead Rising 3 is more of the same, but improved experience. If you like a silly story with insane characters that doesn't really try to take itself too seriously most of the time, then pick up this title. It's great zombie killing fun, and I can't bring myself away from it since I bought it."
,Recommended,265550,17062317,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Jimmy Nutrin,Best DR game in terms of world
,Recommended,265550,28930784,Posted: 1 January,all,Brother Fezel,Killed a monk with a park bench 10/10 - IGN
,Recommended,265550,27906217,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,lame,its ok
,Recommended,265550,28294966,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Shh'Paghetti,"Diego:Nick we need you you can fix things right,right man?Nick:...Me:I wish he was able to fix the game frame rate and overall the pc port.But still Dead Rising 3 is great game:Pros:-Good story-Great charaters-Much easier bosses(You can easily defeat them even if you're lvl 2 or 3 or higher)-A lot more zombies-All dlc bundled-More stuff to explore,more cool ways to combine weapons-The game also focuses more on vechile combat-The leveling up system is much more worked on since the previous games-And great game mecanicsCons:-Bad PC port(well is not that bad i haven't experienced any crashes yet but a lot of frame drops and I had to rebind some keys to make the gameplay come more in handy to my style of playing)-Bad frame rate(only 30 fps)As a fan of the Dead Rising series I recommend this game to everybody who enjoy zombie open-world games.8/10"
,Recommended,265550,21959401,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Williamtx900,dead rising 3 is really fun to play i have no problems on my pc and plays better with a xbox 360 controller.
,Recommended,265550,23867060,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sorroh,"Another amazing game in the franchise. I loved 1 and 2, and this game has much better improvments, such as better AI for survivors, and better and more Weapon combinations, and even combine cars! The story and bosses weren't bad. And it brings back Co-op with friends or random people. I did get this game during the sale for only $15 and it was well worth it. Im not sure if its worth the $50, but it's worth checking out if its onsale."
,Recommended,265550,13916614,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Wait! Don't Shoot!,awesome gameone of the best zombie games out there
76561197986039265,Recommended,265550,12094401,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Raku,"Not sure why everyone else is having issues with this game, it works fine for me. I have yet to experience any issues at all with this game, not even minor frame rate issues or anything of that nature. I was worried from the reviews that I would have a terrible time so I held off buying it, but I am so happy with my purchase.I have an AMD FX 8350 4.00 GHz CPU,16.0 GB of RAM,an Nvidia GTX 770,and I am running 64 bit windows.Hopefully everyone is able to enjoy the game, but one important thing to understand as I see a lot of negative reviews with system specs below the recommended and barely at the minimum requirements, you do need a good PC to run this."
,Recommended,265550,12107002,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Raixin,Great game to play bugs and stuff but still great game 8.5/10
,Recommended,265550,12138660,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Fran,"Game needs an unholy amount of optimizing, but as for the game itself, it's a great game that knows it's a video game and that's wonderful. That being said Capcom still really really needs to work on optimizing the port, all the crashes and issues everyone including myself (Can play 2-30 minutes at a time until I crash) are having is unacceptable. Recommend the game for the game's sake, but wouldn't recommend buying it until you see that it's been updated a bit."
,Recommended,265550,13726889,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,dragonscale92,"This review, like any other review I write, is based on my opinions. I also do my best not to be bias towards certain games or developers. That being said, I may use other games as comparisons. Also, portions of this may lead to spoilers but I will do my best not to ruin the game for anyone. Anyway, on to the review :pDead Rising 3 has brought forth a whole new world full of action, adventure, and fast paced missions; but with it comes terror, new gruesome combo weapons, newly implemented combo vehicles, and more difficult zombies. Capcom's newest installment of the Dead Rising series had me begging for an Xbox One upon release, and when I found it on Steam I jumped at the chance. Does the game meet my expectations? First, let me list what I feel are the Pros and Cons of Dead Rising 3.Pros:Open World - The world of Dead Rising 3 is completely open with the exception of buildings locked for future missions/bosses. It consists of 4 city sections connected by a highway system that gains roadblocks as the game progresses. The open world makes a seamless transition when traveling from place to place as it eliminates most loading screens.New Combo Recipes - Dead Rising 3 has a ton of new combo weapon recipes as well as a few from Dead Rising 2. It also has a new combo recipe type as it allows players to combine certain vehicles together. I do not want to overstate the awesomeness of the vehicle combo recipes however, as there are not very many. I feel that Capcom will probably come up with more in time but will make it a DLC and will most likely charge for it.Safe Houses - Unlike Dead Rising 2, Dead Rising 3 has more than 1 safe house. The safe houses are unlocked by killing all the zombies inside the rooms that are strategically placed to keep other zombies from entering. Having safe houses in each region makes saving easier. (Especially in Nightmare Mode)Weapon Lockers - These are located inside unlocked safe houses, as well as 1 combo vehicle, and allow the player to take a certain amount of weapons he or she has picked up since he or she began playing the game. There is an amount limit on withdrawls but it replinishes over time.Nightmare Mode - If you finish the game and thought it was too easy, Dead Rising 3 has brought forth a game mode that will test your character even further by lowering the time you have to complete the game, increasing the difficulty of zombies, and lowering the amount of items you can get from weapon lockers. If you want a challenge at all in this game, Nightmare Mode will be where it is most likely going to be found. (Outside the challenges listed in Con 1)Zombie Kill Count - I remember in Dead Rising 2 trying my hardest to get the achievement for killing a huge amount of zombies with the hummer. I also remember if I didn't make the amount of zombies by the time the game ended, I had to start over, which was torture. Well that wont happen in Dead Rising 3 as the zombie kill count does not reset over multiple playthroughs. This makes getting the achievement for killing 100,004 zombies possible.Cons:PC Requirements - Like many other reviews, I am including the issue many people will face with this game. (Me included partially) This game requires a lot from a PC, and if your pc cannot take it, you will face an assortment of issues. My computer runs the game in slow motion sometimes, sometimes its FPS deminishes until I see still pictures that update every 2-5 seconds, and sometimes it plays just fine. Maybe it is the open world full of complex mechanics and extremely detailed zombies, but if your PC doesn't meet the recommended system requirements you will most likely have issues with FPS or control lag.Lack of Psycopaths - I will be comparing Dead Rising 3 to Dead Rising 2 in this portion, as I feel the best game to compare Dead Rising 3 to would be its predecessor. Dead Rising 3 disappointed me with the amount of psycopath bosses you encounter through the storyline. Dead Rising 2 had multiple psycopath bosses to fight between the main storyline missions, my favorites include Slappy, the Chef, the Bathroom Psyco, and the Marine Commander. Dead Rising 3 brings forward far less psycopths bosses, which is a real disappointment.Overtime - Overtime makes its return in Dead Rising 3, but it is extremely disappointing. Without giving details, the cutscene before the final boss fight shows a mechanism that was never used throughout the Overtime mission, but should have been. Overtime is extremely easy in Dead Rising 3 as you can clear each section by standing in the correct spot, aiming at one spot with an rifle, and shooting everything at once... Then move to the next section, rinse, and repeat... Capcom could have done much better with the Overtime portion of Dead Rising 3.The Final Boss - Once again, I will be comparing Dead Rising 3 to Dead Rising 2 in this section. In Dead Rising 2, you had to run around and gather items and then fight TK in a difficult boss battle. It required you to keep the girls from dropping to low while attacking TK and avoiding his attacks or traps. The final boss in Dead Rising 3 only requires a chain gun... You can literally stand in the beginning spot and constantly shoot him until a zombie hits you or he hits you with a rare grenade shot. Or better yet, you can easily climb onto the platform he is on, shoot hime with the chain gun as he puts his fists up and slowly inches towards you. Then simply moving to the other side of the platform when he gets to close. This boss, like the other bosses in this game, with the exception of a couple, is too easy to kill and is a terrible finish to Dead Rising 3.Attribute Points - Like Dead Rising 2, Dead Rising 3 has attribute points that you invest in skills and perks. This sounds great, right? Why is this on the Con side of your list? Well let me begin by describing Dead Rising 2's attribute system. As you leveled up your character would automatically increase in certain perks or health/inventory spaces. How can this be improved? Dead Rising 3 does this by making it free to choose the order you unlock the perks/slots. Once again, why is this bad? Well in Dead Rising 2, at level 50 you would have all your possible perks/slots unlocked. In Dead Rising 3, when you reach level 50 there are still many attribute points required to max everything and unlock the combo perks. (Depending on how quickly you level up compared to completeing the missions) So how do you get the remaining attribute points? You will notice your PP bar will continue to grow after you reach level 50. Once it reaches the end, you gain attribute points but stay level 50. This irritates me in 2 ways. The first is because it makes the whole leveling system seem pointless. The second, once you max everything you still gain attribute points that cannot be spent. So now I constantly have a symbol telling me to push the Tab button to spend attribute points. I have heard of some people saying Capcom will come up with things in the future that you can spend the remaining attribute points in, but until then it is a great source of annoyance to me.Alright, the two lists above show the things I like the most in Dead Rising 3 as well as the things I dislike the most. So the question of recommendation has arrived. I feel this game has great potential and can be made into an amazing game if Capcom handles it right. However, I have a feeling they will ruin it with DLCs that cost money. In its current state, I would say this game is worth buying at a discounted rate. It brings forth hours and hours of fun if your computer can play it, and if your computer is like mine, it just doubles or triples the time :p I would recommend this game to those who have powerful PCs but only if they purchase it when it is on sale."
76561198145809015,Recommended,265550,17264746,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,phoenix fighter,fun game
76561198067118388,Recommended,265550,12104510,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Peter Stinklage,"I didn't listen, I thought ""I won't get any of these problems everyone is posting about!""BAM, Crash. 10/10"
,Recommended,265550,12122950,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,El_Maldito_Tato,"YES. juegazo, estoy muy satisfecho.Una sola cosa me jodio DEMASIADO. No puede ser que hagan la traducción en ESPAÑOL de ESPAÑA. Todo el mundo sabe que España es un pais minusculo, teniendo a LATINOAMÉRICA que abarca casi todo un continente.Yo igual siempre juego los juegos en inglés, voces y textos, costumbre de niñez. Pero no puede ser que sigan con la misma ♥♥♥♥♥♥ siempre de hacer una traducción de voces unico para un pais."
76561198054062443,Recommended,265550,12213950,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,jwrath,"THE NEW NVIDIA CARD DRIVER UPDATE FIXED ALL CRASHES FOR ME! After waiting for so long, the fix is finally out! I just played 6 concurrent hours at max graphics with no lag or crashing! THIS GAME IS A MUST BUY NOW!"
,Recommended,265550,14990863,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Kezmar,"So given the fact that the page itself says it's got mixed reviews I would like to give you my fair and honest opinion. My computer is running fx8350 black edition with an R9 280 3gb with 8gb or ram. Given that, my experience thus far has been a very enjoyable one. I haven't had the insane lag issues or frame drops that others have, but I picked this up on the Dead Rising 2 steamworks sale. Game itself is a solid Dead Rising title. For new people it will be quite the experience. It's got a similar to Dead Rising 2 crafting system with a few new changes which really spruce the game up. They've severely weakened the psychos in the game in comparison to the first 3 games. The game features a new engine that also allows for large amounts of on screen enemies which makes it quite fun to rampage around. Overall I would give it an 8.5/10. It's worth the $50 price tag, but I would consider waiting for it to hit a sale again. Wishlist it up until then."
76561198068291813,Not Recommended,265550,28962797,Posted: 2 January,all,coreybrakke,game uses 98% of my CPU and is unplayably laggy. My system is able to play fallout 4 on the highest settings with no issues. I should atleast be able to play this game at all.
76561198061363997,Recommended,265550,33419976,Posted: 9 July,all,Squeaky_83,"Compleated twice in 63 hours  but loads of content left to explore. intergration with steam really made this title stand out with the option to allow steam to playstle based matchmaking allowing other steam members to jump in and join you but this is not forced so i was free to play single player however the people that i met playing this where well matched and really enrished the gaming experance. as for the actual game i look at content,graphics,gliches/bugs.story,immerstion and most inportant to me is gameplay.   Content : the main story was fairly genaric zombie outbreak,corrupt govnment...ect performance asmuch as chices do effect and change the story  for eg.. someone dies they are dead they wont pop up in the next cutscene and there are multiple ending to unlock. side quest are optional,num,arous and have a good sense of humour and variaty to keep you in a ""just let me do this one last.."" mindset. the map is disapointng though. it looks buitiful and is well planned but its cut into 4 main areas thats needlessley time consuming and just feels like an excuse to slow you down.Graphics:  iv seen better but to be honest even with a screen full of enities,items an destructable environments anymore detal would have just hurt my computer as it stands the graphics at max settings are more than acceptable without suffering from the over textered look thats plage's all games since the hd revolution and kills artistic licence. if im driving at 100+ miles an hour i really dont need to see every pieace of gravel move with exacting levels of phisics. this game offerd a nice balance of performance and looks.Bugs ...other than a little bit of clipping everything just worked and did so without lagg. ya..really a game that has been releced that doesnt need 2 years worth of bugfixing before its playable.. Developers really need to take note, i wont be even trying the next elderscrools until the goty edition comes out afew years later such is my faith in a rushed finish from those guys  :OGameplay,  Unashamadly Hack an Slash. streets of rage/golden axe in a well renderd 3D open world much more indepth charicter building than the prototype seres and cobo recipies for weapons,cars,truck,bikes even food will have you hunting blueprints and going that extra mile for ages you can even build and eqip a custom posse to help you giving you just a little more reason so saving people that really you couldnt care less for. but on the whole the characters thoughout even in side quest where full of charicter and all felt unique and indervidual... well done scripters an voiuce actors :DConclution :   If openworld massicure appiels to you then this may be one of the best of the hack an slash genre and you never quite reach the dreaded godhood, that horrid cheatmode feel to endgame that leves you so bored you never whant to see a simler title again. play alone or with a friend or even a stranger. i had fun with this game and for me thats all i ever ask :)    happy gaming to all you masacistic master-race mouseclickers :p"
,Recommended,265550,13689436,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,MoodyInfinity,"Best Zombie Survial Open-World Game Ive Ever Played! Becasue of the Ability to Combine Two Cars to Get an APC or an Ultimate Death Bike With Buzzsaws All Over It, and to Craft Plenty of Weapons to Rip Your Enimies in Half With a Buzzsaw/Hammer! Plus You Could Enjoy All of This With Friends.My RatingsPlayability: 9/10Grapics: 9/10Content: 9/10Map: 8/10Amount of Fun: 9/10Unique: 8/10Online: 7/10Non-Powerful Machine Required: 4/10Clean From bugs: 8/10Accurate Trailers: 4/5Accurate Tags: 5/5My Total: 80/100"
,Recommended,265550,32943824,Posted: 28 June,all,PurpleHeart,this was one of many gifts from a friend along with dead rising 2 and the dlc i like this game i havent played alot of but played enough to know ill enjoy it i highly recommend
,Recommended,265550,28655095,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kick me after Hug me,Excellent zombie survival game. It's got a large open world to explore and just bash zombies.
76561198002612320,Recommended,265550,12070524,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,UkkotheIrish,"This is great addition to already crackin' series. Whilst it's clear that the PC port isn't perfect with a framecap at 30fps (although it's easily fixed), it's a joy to play. There's some tonal dissonance in some of the material and presentation, but it's an absolute blast to play. Silly, OTT and gore-filled. It's Saints Row with legions and legions of the undead. Some of the writing is stellar, particularly with the whacky bosses dialogue. Sometimes I go to the psycho-boss events just to hear what looney sh*t they're going to come off with before I dispatch them.The real stand-out merit, in my opinion, has to be the soundtrack: it's almost entirely synth-work in the style of early John Carpenter movies. There's definitely a touch of brooding Goblin-esque there too.Haven't tried the multiplayer yet, although I suspect that where this game will really shine. Would definitely recommend this."
,Recommended,265550,13736952,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DaftBasterd,BUY IT. Absolutely nothing wrong with this game system wise... 4790k 4.0GHz and GTX 770 and it runs like a dream with none of the problems that other people said. I barely do the missions because it's fun just running around killing♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,265550,11994996,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Remmah,"Had high hopes for this game, but I am very disappointed with the almost unbearably low quality and performance of the game. Cutscenes are laggy and jerky, and the game runs like your driving with square wheels. (Not smooth at all)"
,Not Recommended,265550,11991895,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Professional loli inseminator,"I love the Dead Rising series. I pre-ordered DR3 on the first day it was available even before Capcom added the free DLC to the pre-order. Too bad the PC port for DR3 is complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is probably the second worst PC port in history only second to GTA IV. This is ridiculous. The game crashes after changing the graphics to low, and quitting, and it can barely play up to 30 fps at all on any machine. Go buy the console version, unless you want an unstable ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port.EDIT: Even after more frustration, I've run into MORE BUGS. Crashes to desktop, freezes to my PC, indefinitely stuck on the logo screen for eternity. This game needs a patch FAST. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It is still too buggy, ESPECIALLY FOR NVIDIA users! Wait until you hear more about this because you waste your money. Expect less than 30 fps for only a couple zombies, and once again crashes every 5 minutes. Screw you Crapcom. Just screw you. Welcome to LOS CRASHNOSNow that's only the technical issues. The game suffers from design issues at its very core. What I loved about DR2 was its map, it was a mall, and exploring it was fun and never each area never felt a pain to run through. The same cannot be said about DR3's map. The vehicle♥♥♥♥♥♥is fun for a bit but there's really no point to it since you can spawn vehicles at a garage without having to craft♥♥♥♥♥♥ The map is huge but leaves the player being annoyed with all the backtracking and large stretches of map that are generic and not fun to run through over and over. For a game centered around vehicles, who the ♥♥♥♥ thought it was a good idea to have broken bridges between multiple areas in the game?Pros-lots of zombies, impressive how they can all be present in the game without any issues-vehicles-different modes and difficulties-co-opCons-♥♥♥♥♥♥ launch with a myriad of issues-big map that is a pain to travel through-backtracking-no 60 fps without modsMy reccomendation: pirate the game."
76561198016640428,Recommended,265550,12013478,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Night Fiend,"This game is much better than the previous games in the series, aside from all of the performance issues. The world feels a lot bigger since it is one big map. There's lots of things to collect and tons of weapons to kill zombies with. This game is much more forgiving when it comes to combat. I've had no problems fighting any of the psycopaths yet just using common weapons that are lying around, like lead pipes and assault rifles.At the time of writing this, the game does have a lot of performance issues. It seems to become more stable the farther you get into the story, but that might just be me getting used to it. Overall, I would recommend this game for what it is, but I would also suggest waiting for a patch to fix these issues. It was definitely worth paying full price."
76561198091590268,Not Recommended,265550,11994932,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Alex,This game runs but runs like crap wait till a further date so that the framrate and other bugs are fixed
76561198010917929,Not Recommended,265550,11995097,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Donald Jong Un,The game is fun and im not having crash problem but only for online session. I keep losing connection to the host so its pretty annoying. They need to fix that
76561198094371269,Not Recommended,265550,12005505,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Azrael Ventage,"Do not buy, 24 hrs game will was relased and it will still not load, 12 hrs now no info from steam , or relavent fix.Over all have to say I should have spent my preorder money on steak or a movie, total waste. After 2 days i stumbled on a way to get it to load, on lowest setting possible, still studder lags from time to time, might have been a great game, but after the issues no thanks. Finally laged my way threw it due to poor optimization, and well even after finishing the game , its still bad. Cut sceens that  lag even thought the game dosn't no mulit gpu support = fail on capcoms behalf. Cs's that I could watch are still where bland and typical normal content for any dead rising game cars where ok but end up useless later on. Still have to say DO NOT BUY!!!!!! till its a 10$ game the storyline and playablity is about the same."
76561197994154607,Recommended,265550,12014242,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Legolaz,<3
76561198039425988,Recommended,265550,25099310,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Deep Cove,"First Impressions 7.8/10 -Pretty fun Co-op Zombie bashing (Keyword Co-op)Well after completing Dying Light and it's expansion about 2 months ago, my trusty gaming partner Thulgar and I were in the market for a new zombie basher. Enter Dead Rising 3. Always on the lookout for a good deal, Capcom's recent 50% off sale nudged us into buying this, so we loaded it up this afternoon for a preliminary look.First off I had read some reviews that this game didn't play well with AMD cards, so when I first entered the game and saw I was getting 24- 30 FPS (Mostly 30) I was a little surprised as I am running a decent rig with an i7 4790k and a r9 280 GPU. After a quick google this was resolved by unlocking the FPS with an INI file and I now get an avg of 57-65 FPS with all settings maxed at 1080p.The Good:The graphics are decent if not quite as good as dying light. The game play itself is also decent with a standard tutorial type opening that walks you through the basics. You cannot play coop until you have played for about 15 mins and made it to the garage, but this was little inconvenience. I really like the story so far, though we have heard it all before. For me, thus far, the two boss battles we have fought have been the highlight. That and just the zany weird ways you can take out a swarm of undead. When compared with Dying Light, killing zombies in this game is a cakewalk, and the game itself seems more geared to having fun with your co-op partner while creating havoc amongst the walking dead. There are tons of weapons and food lying around, so we didn't have any problem replenishing our weapons once the ones we were using were broken.The bad:Thulgar and I both had the game lock up on us (Thank God I had just saved when it happened to me. Thulgar actually lost 3 levels upon his reboot and went from level 10 back down to level 7) thus separating us in the leveling department. This was frustrating to say the least. The other thing we were both struggling with was the keyboard and controller shortcuts. Thulgar uses a keyboard and I use a controller. I heard him cursing several times as he looked for a button to perform a specific action. This also went along with my thoughts as some of the controller setup felt awkward  such as the standard right trigger did not attack as you would expect from so many other games. This was just a minor complaint though and as we play it more I am sure we will get used to the setup.Final Thoughts:Buckle down for a fun ride. If you can grab this game for under $20 and you have a coop partner you like to play with, then I think this game is definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,265550,13897466,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Agent,"in the third game of the Dead Rising series,you play as Latino MacGyver fighting hordes of zombies in a brown and grey color palette. instead that this time instead of a shopping mall,your playground is now a city,if you enjoy killing zombies with ridiculous weapons and vehicles then this is the game for you,IF you got the hardware to run it"
76561198014861480,Recommended,265550,12016935,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Klipparen,"I think DR3 is one of the best zombie games out there. Seriously you can hack and slash zombies for hours and it still is just as fun and it has an interesting story that is connected to the other Dead rising games. People complaining about this game crashing and just having horrible performance, I dont think you can blame the game on that and saying its a horrible game because they are not playing on the best computers since this is a big game and requires good computers. I did not have any problems with this game it hasnt crashed a single time and this far i have played the game for 14.6 hours so yeah...I really like this game. From being a fan of the series im not dissapointed at this game. So if you are not sure your computer can handle it maybe wait out until you get a better computer or maybe they will patch this game so it can play out a little better on other computers.i would give this game 8/10 because the story isnt incredibly long though you can play this game over again and try to do things you didnt have time to do(since this game goes on a timer). this game feels great to play but i dont know how it is to play through the game with mouse and keyboard since i played with a controller. And graphics are pretty good though i have seen better."
76561198040098557,Recommended,265550,12200125,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Haybale64,This game is great  and i played it with no problems i just think that they should of spend more time on optmising it for pc and to make so it can run on most pc machines before releasing it also i hope there will be a dlc with more drive able vechiles and maybe a new city to explore 8.5/10
,Recommended,265550,12214107,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,TrainedBiscuit,"The game is amazing! Every game is amazing. You just gotta be open minded about what you are playing. Its a video game,  a mother F***ing video game! Deep down it has feelings too, just like those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ zombies that you can kill in this amazing game. 8/10 would play again. Only Downside is it needs more missions and objectives and it would be worth its price tag."
76561198151934989,Recommended,265550,12242189,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,BritishAvenger,"This game is awesome , had it 2 days and have become totaly addicted to it , i read alot of bad comments about it freezeing ect. but not for me works really well and the graphics are amazeing,i am running it one a i7 Acer Predator with a navidia  770 graphics card ."
,Recommended,265550,13757905,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,暧昧1w1其实都没有,人少啊
76561198112654332,Recommended,265550,12031265,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,TheAlmighty1,"I've played this over 90 hours & although it DOES have issues with the frame rate a LOT of the time especially when there's a lot of action on screen, though even in the FMV it runs slowly, I put that down to me not having a big enough graphics card.I DO recommend this game but ONLY if your computer has a card that has no issuses with such a big game.It's LOTS of fun & lots of replayabilty (if ya like killing zombies in inventive ways)Definitely a thumbs up."
76561198151171732,Recommended,265550,34374004,Posted: 20 August,all,doomguy,bought for zombie slaughter stayed to slaughter zombies
,Recommended,265550,28070927,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Arsonist,"This game was great when I first got in on Xbox one, it seems even better now with uncapped fps and with a friend this game is extremely fun."
,Recommended,265550,30476142,Posted: 12 March,all,♰Noxah✨Nukem♰,"Sequel/dlc or not this game is awesome. Open world with zombies that you can slaughter in many different ways. It's so brutal its fun. Lots of different weapons, combos, skills etc. Story is pretty short, as you run trough it in a few hours but you will have fun for hundreds of hours with the open world to gather achievements, mess around with your own buildings etc. I recommend the game for the massive amount of fun + the open world. Dead rising 3 costs 30 dollars so it's an okey price aswell. 8/10"
,Recommended,265550,34317928,Posted: 17 August,all,Fluffy Haired NEET,"It only took the disappointment of Dead Rising 4 to appreciate this game. Originally I saw this game as a major departure compared to the prior games in the series, and while that's still true going back to it I've discovered this is a fun, but very flawed game.ProsEven for what was a 2013 Xbone launch title, it still looks really nice despite the grey brown color palette.Movement is so much faster and smoother than it was in DR2, making combat much more enjoyable due to how satisfying the guns and weapons are to use2 different story modes to appeal to fans who love either to be able to do everything or who love the crippling time management.More zombie variety, and there are lots of them on screen at any one time.Throwable items. Chucking a chainsaw at a zombie is never not satisfying.Psychopaths unlike their botched version in DR4 are in here and there are some creative fights.Has easily the most amount of content in the series, there are lots of sidequests, challenges, collectables, and once you're done with the main game you also have the DLCs to do (which carry your level from the main game and actually tie nicely to main story.) When it goes on sale, you get a lot of bang for your buck.ConsYou really need a good PC to run this game at a consistent framerate, or on higher graphical settingsLockers and car stations remove a lot of the challenge since you can easily spawn powerful weapons/combo cars which make zombies feel like cannon fodder.The world is annoying to navigate due to the amount of roadblocks there are.Main story doesn't go anywhere as interesting as prior titles and only really picks up by the very end. It also felt like it tried to end the story of the first two games very abruptly.Though the it's nice there are two story mode options, the main mode gives you too much time to do everything, and Nightmare Mode gives you too little time to do everything due to how much faster time goes by. Psychopaths also feel too much like damage sponges in nightmare mode while are complete cake walks in the regular story mode.Ultimately the changes made in this game influenced Dead Rising 4 for the worst.I would still recommend playing the first two titles considering the amount of callbacks there are in this game and since I had more enjoyment with them, but if you want a fun zombie game and you see this on sale, definitely give it a look."
,Recommended,265550,35388029,Posted: 1 October,all,Darkeyes,zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies human interactionzombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies zombies
,Recommended,265550,14475947,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,I waited so long for this game to be ported from Xbone and it satisfied my Dead Rising needs. Third person zombie game. Wacky and visually impressive.
,Recommended,265550,32939597,Posted: 28 June,all,KingPineapple,"Dead Rising 3 is a open world survival horror beat 'em up video game. It is developed by Capcom Vancouver and published by Microsoft Studios.Graphics- The graphics are very good in this game but can be turned down so a decent computer should be able to run it. The graphics have also aged very well which is not the case for most games.Controls- I have only played on controller and the controls are very basic and easy to learn. I looked up the controls for the keyboard and mouse and they also seem to be very simple and easy to pick upCombat- the combat has not been changed at all from the other games in the series but don't fix what isn't broke. The combat has always been really good with Dead Rising and that is still the case for Dead Rising 3Story- If I am being honest the story for this game is decent but when you compare it to the other games in the series it is terrible. You do not care about any of the characters and the events that happen to them. I struggled to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥throughout the whole game and only completed the story for the blueprint!Weapons- The weapons in this game are awesome! I personally love the super crazy unrealistic combo weps and do not mind them! I love the destruction you can cause and the creativity behind the blueprints. I also love the new combo vehicles. These are once again so creative and destructive and kept me entertained even through the sleeping pill this game calls a storyPsychopaths- the psychopaths in this game are terrible. I like the idea of them being based on the seven deadly sins but the characters themselves are terrible and boring. They are just not interesting at all. Plus seven psychopaths is not enough in my opinion. There are other psychopaths in the story but like I said before the story is♥♥♥♥♥♥Survivors and side quests- I hate how survivors work in this game. You clear zombies around them and then they run away. Done, collect your xp and go home for some toast and jam (or in my case toast and butter because I hate jam). Some special survivors get their own side quest which is revealed by the classic phone call.  These quest usually amount to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fetch quest. It is obvious that no effort was put into these missions. Some survivors will follow you but most will not. The survivors do not need to be escorted to a safe zone anymore. The survivors now work as companions and can be assigned to figh alongside you. Why anybody would use them or want them I have no clue!Difficulty- This is one of the main problems with the game. It is just plain too easy! You can kill bosses with the amazingly overpowered weapons within seconds! I do love being powerful and playing an easy game but this is just too much. I was nearly never scared of dying due to the difficulty.Overall, there are lots of problems with this game and it is not one too take seriously but at the end of the day it is pretty fun and I do love the series so there is some bias here. I have to give it a 5.8/10"
,Recommended,265550,12019947,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Lord Maximus,"Great game, horrible port... but it's capcom, so what did you expect?"
76561198083016608,Recommended,265550,34071137,Posted: 6 August,all,Sterling Archer,We all thought this was bad.....then 4 happened
76561198090785454,Recommended,265550,32787874,Posted: 25 June,all,GᗩᖇᖴYᑌᑎEᒪ,"To anyone having trouble with the game such as their FPS being locked at 30 or it crashing and such etc... There are solutions to all these problems as I had them when I first launched it and eventually fixed them all so it ran perfectly.Now, back to the review.I stuck the front of a steam roller onto a motorbike. 11/10.Nah but it all seriousness, this is a real fun game to play and♥♥♥♥♥♥about in. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll strap a motor engine onto boxing gloves and hadouken zombies. VV nice graphics. It's a good balance of keeping you immersed in the story while also being completely riddiculous. Sounds crazy doesn't it? Well thats cause it's supposed to be. I'm not gonna judge the game and nitpick it for every little teeny tiny detail. It's a real ♥♥♥♥ing fun game to play and thats all I'll say.Edit: 12/09/2017I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game.Some people say they don't like the story but I loved it.Addicting as all hell.Literally one of my favourite games."
76561198093855264,Recommended,265550,25962407,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Lasseleinonen,"I played through the game with a friend, it was a very fun zombie slaughtering experience, with kinda dissapointing bosses and story. Weapons and cars were the best part of the game. I recommend to play it!"
,Recommended,265550,12022762,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Kawasaki Teriyaki Anarchy,"Nick (The main character) was crying about how he'd never killed a man before while wearing an afro in a dress and next thing you know he was slaughting zombies with a dil-do then eventually a dil-do launcher... Yeah thats a thing in this game. Anyway besides the crappy port its a pretty fun game, its never crashed on me but the framrate is all over the place. Once you get over that you'll be slaughtering mindless zombies with dil-dos in no time! I r8 8/8 m8 its g8 m8 dont be l8 - IGN"
,Recommended,265550,27342515,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Anton Colicos,"This game is great for several reasons:1) Tons of achievements and in-game ""PP Trials"" to challenge you2) Tons of optional side content that doesn't feel extraneous but can also be skipped3) Cathartic hack-and-slash capability4) Decent storyline (however, there is no emotional investment)"
,Not Recommended,265550,12278427,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,SPoOoVE,It's one of the best zombies games I've ever played but it crash a lot.don't buy it untill they fix everythig on it !!
,Recommended,265550,12150388,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Amorphis,"Runs perfectly fine for me and I have not had a single issue with this game.Dead Rising 3 is the next latest installment in the Dead Rising franchise. It has everything from the older games and has some much needed improvments.However much to my disapointment the story in this Dead Rising is terrible. Everything was very predictable, the main character is essentially a blank slate in contrats to the older games where Chuck was a pun making badass who wishes to clear his name and take care of his daughter, and Frank who is a reporter and will do anything to uncover the truth. But the character Nick in this game is just terrible. There is no badassery here and he seems only interested in the girl in the story dispite the fact the city is going to be blown up within 7 days. The love story was entirely pointless and it didnt even add anything. It was just there. Some of the characters were pretty good though such as♥♥♥♥♥♥whom the player gets to play in coop mode but sadly he is rarely in cutscenes and doesnt comment on the situation much.Again with the Psychopaths in this game there was some disapointment. In the previous game the psychopaths in the main story had at least some sense of dignity and were all a big part of the story however that is not the case in DR3. One of them just constantly grabs her boobs and makes sex jokes....and shes the commander of some military squad...it made no sense at all. Now were she a side quest psychopath it would be understandable but having an over the top psychopath as part of the main story was quite upsetting.It feels like the strayed from what their main stories were about. There was some well written humor in the main story which was quite believable but there was also terrible humor aswell.Side quest psychopaths were done extremely well and each one has their own weakness however this is made pointless as the character can level up to becoming overpowered so fast that it just ruins the boss battle. You can literally kill the first psychopath within 1 minute....All that aside the game is a lot of fun! and the improvement to level up your own stats when and how you want was awesome. If you level up certain stats and ignore others you can make the game much harder on yourself and thus turn it into a real dead rising game where the bosses are hard and the military is actually a threat (just like in the previous games)Nightmare mode is pointless. It makes the game a tiny bit harder and gives you less time. Nightmare is supposed to make the game feel more like a dead rising game however it felt it did the opposite for me. You have less time sure but by less time they really mean that time has been sped up a great deal leaving you not able to complete all the side quests before the story ends unlike in the previous games where this was possible but with some effoty.All in all a great game. Tons of fun but if you are looking for a challenege (and I mean even a tiny challenge) either stay away from the game or only level up stats that do not make your character overpowered."
,Not Recommended,265550,15542809,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Barron Trump,i couldn't get past the first loading screen not the one in game but the one to get to the main menu before the game i want my money back ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198099436608,Recommended,265550,12104615,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,AdriftElf140,I am lucky enough that i don't have any problems with this game besides bad optimazation i really like this game i can just sit around all day not even doing the story but just killing zombies in the most creative ways while still rocking my daisy duke's and my big puffy Fro i did unlock the fps and i saw a improvment in proformence i get around 40fps on med with full level of detail and no AA or Fx aa with textures and zombies on med and it is very playable i would like to see a patch for better optimazation so i can stay above 60 overall i say get it you will not be wasting your money and sooner or later they will bring a patch to fix the problems everyone else is having
76561198117324691,Not Recommended,265550,12132837,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,puglife,"This game is a complete waste of time and money, the graphical errors throughout are dire. At one stage in the game I stood next to a building and saw through the map itself. This game should have been properly tested before it was ported to PC.The gameplay is completely repetitive and the last 5 missions of the story mode are literally you travelling from one side of the city to then go and travel back to where you were orignally. Zombies constantly grabbing you becomes incredibly frustrating and makes the back half of the game (once more difficult zombies are introduced) completely unenjoyable.Save your hard earned money and buy something else, because I can honestly say I have found a game I truly hate."
76561198142815510,Recommended,265550,14198276,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Inept Persona,"Best Dead Rising in my opinion. feels like they finally got the controls down in a way that feels the best and is most accessible for everyone. the vehicle modding is cool and makes the game more fun to get around since this time the map is significantly larger than the previous games. ill toss some cons and pros down there:PROS:+faster,easier weapon crafting+Larger map+vehicles+vehicle modding+expansive amounts of collectables and weapon blueprints scattered everywhere that after 25 hours of gameplay im still not done finding crazy new weapons+creative psychos+some old charcter make a returnCONS-the map is a maze until you play it enough to memorize it, can make driving weird and stressful having to pop in and out of the map-graphics pop ins happen often like games made with unreal engine.-main character is just as boring as Chuck greene in dead rising 2. not as fun as Frank West in the first game."
,Recommended,265550,12006380,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Stymie,"The game itself is very fun. There are lot's of customizations such as costumes and weapons as there are plenty of zombies to be killed, as well as some added humor in some situations. Co-op play is also an option for optimal fun.The game is capped at 30fps, but it can be uncapped easily with a simple search around the forum or internet, if you want to know how. Not the best optimized pc port, but the game stills runs decently fine and smooth."
76561198017663146,Recommended,265550,28232917,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,"This is the co-op title Ive been waiting for!I dont think Ive played any of this series before, or if I had it was console and more than 5 years ago. In other words, Im fresh meat here.The game is basically the happy middle ground of the zany 'Saints Row' meets the serious 'Dying Light'.Im only a bit into the game as of writing this, the story has been done to death, but it just doesnt matter! The game is simply fun to play. It is a console port, and I would recommend having a controller.Just 2 things so far on the negative side. 1) The game is capped at 30FPS!! You can easily unlock this tho, by creating an ini file with the following line ""gmpcr_unlock_frame_rate=True"" (not including the quotes) saved to the games base directory. Its believed this may cause crashing, but a few hours of play and nothing bad for me so far. And 2) No friends-only setting. In order to play with a friend, you start your game which is open and then invite a friend via Steam.On a related positive note, if you are solo and want to play with randoms, the game does offer different play style options, so you hopefully get paired up with others wanting the same out of the game. So casual, hardcore, achievement hunting, etc. Which is nice."
,Not Recommended,265550,24489477,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,"Yes, this is Dave",">Microsoft exclusive.>Triple AAA game.>Previous titles in series have great PC ports.>Turns out to be one of the most disappointing PC ports in recent memory.It doesn't end there, I am a huge fan of the Dead Rising series, owning all the console versions and pouring hundreds of hours into Dead Rising 1 and 2 cumulatively. This game is incredibly westernized and loses most of the depth and imagination of the first two, and is mind-numbingly easy.Even the psychos are easy. This isn't Dead Rising if the psychos are easy.The corny acting and story is no longer safeguarded by the fact that it's a Japanese pseudo-western game (a la Metal Gear Solid), it takes itself far too seriously and the narrative falls flat on its face at every oppurtunity. I know I sound like a weeaboo when I say this, but westernization hit Dead Rising 3 in all the wrong places.If you want to kill zombies, this game's great for that.If you want to play Dead Rising, this isn't it.Don't buy at full price, kids."
76561197993590500,Not Recommended,265550,15848908,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Shake The Baby,"You want to play this game but don't do it, don't send your money on it.  It is a bad port, super laggy it is unplayable."
,Not Recommended,265550,15903390,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,dab daddy,"Very bad port, with technical issues and horrible controls to boot. I liked the Dead Rising series too much as a whole to pass this up, but now I'm just wanting to beat the game so I can forget about it.PROS:+Massive combo weapon system (over 100 combo weapons this time through)+Combo vehicles are pretty enjoyable for the short time you can use them (more on that in the cons section)+Expanded Dead Rising gameplay, using a whole city area rather than a particular small setting+Story is okayCONS:-Major technical issues (freezing, item pop-in, crashes, horribly optimized)-Controls are horribly clunky with keyboard and mouse-Vehicles control like wheeled fridges with no power steering, aboslutely frustrating-Vehicles don't last very long at all (gets rather annoying, especially when 80% of the damage comes from hitting walls and other immovable objects)If you're a big Dead Rising fan, catch this game on a sale. Otherwise, don't even bother with full price."
76561198017706303,Not Recommended,265550,15842107,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Rankalee,dont buy this game worst port game ever lots of bugged not fixed yet no patch since october its a real shame
,Recommended,265550,25033441,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Oh Snap,a little broken BUT SO MUCH FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197970073554,Recommended,265550,24895932,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ramp,"A fast paced fun game. Nothing new, just silly fun. Very worth it with all the sales they have been having. I haven't had any major bugs or glitches so far. The things U can use as weapons lol. Ahhh... good times. Just dont let your sig other see you playing those weapons it as they may want to have a ""talk""."
76561198036662065,Recommended,265550,25444063,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Hashash,"A mass zombie killing Master piece, just like its prequels."
,Recommended,265550,20100648,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Elorh,"¡Este juego es impresionante!¿Por qué tiene tantos negativos?¡Hay buenas razones para ello!+Llegó años tarde a PC.+El precio de salida era muy alto.+Caparon las opciones gráficas.+Llegó con numerosos errores que hacían el juego injugable para muchos jugadores.Entonces, ¿es un buen juego?La respuesta es si. Es un juego excelente.Los errores gráficos se pueden solucionar con un parche. Si crees que es caro, espera a rebajas. Yo lo compré por 15 euros y creo que es de los mejores juegos que tengo en mi biblioteca (y creedme, tengo muchos para comparar).Se puede mejorar el ratio de fps aqui:http://xombitgames.com/2014/09/dead-rising-3-60-fps¡No hay más pegas para decir que el juego es malo!¿Por qué considero bueno el juego?+Tiene una historia interesante.+Los DLC que vienen con el juego en esta única edición, son excelentes. Amplian la historia y la jugabilidad.+La ciudad es enorme y está increíblemente bien detallada.+La libertad que ofrece es sensacional.+La música y el sonido son estupendos (Aunque posiblemente tengas que tocar las opciones de Windows, se escucha bajo).+Tiene varios modos de juego y dificultad variable.+La creación de objetos es muy divertida.+Las bromas son geniales, alterna muy bien momentos tensos con momentos de risa.+Está perfectamente doblado al español (España).+Es muy rejugable.+Tiene una cantidad de coleccionables como nunca había visto. Tardarás decenas de horas en completarlos.+Gran cantidad de logros de Steam.+Enorme cantidad de movimientos especiales para matar a los zombies (cuerpo a cuerpo y con armas).Como punto negativo diré que echo en falta más ropa, en algunos casos se ha reutilizado la del 2 (en cuanto a los modelos, muchos son muy parecidos) y me habría gustado una variedad más extensa, ya que es parte del reclamo del juego. También me parece vergonzoso que los jugadores de PC no pudiésemos disfrutar de la Super Ultra Dead Rising 3 Arcade Remix Hyper Edition EX plus alpha. Es algo que me cabrea personalmente.Conclusión.Creo que es un juego frenético, siempre tienes que hacer algo y es imposible aburrirse. Algunos dicen que Dead Rising 2 es mejor, pero a pesar de ser un juego muy bueno, Dead Rising 3 es ampliamente mejor en todos los sentidos. IA, supervivientes, enemigos, mapa, bromas, etcSe lo recomiendo a aquellos jugadores que disfruten de los mundos abiertos, coleccionar cosas y los juegos de zombies.Si lo veis por 20 euros o menos, creo que merece muchísimo la pena, no creo que decepcione a nadie por ese precio. Posee un contenido excelente y ciertamente lo vale.¡Disfrutad del juego!"
,Not Recommended,265550,12003894,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Romeo Knight,"18 hours into the game, crashes, cant load my savefile. Thx CAPCOM 11/10."
,Recommended,265550,32866703,Posted: 27 June,all,AZA,Awesome!
,Recommended,265550,12009684,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Wildcard777,"The game runs perfectly for me and my friend and this is easily the best Dead Rising title on the market. Aside from making a small notepad file to uncap the FPS, you don't need to do anything special to make it run well.Graphics: 10/10Gameplay: 8/10Co-op: 10/10 (SO FUN!)Game Optimization: 10/10 (for a port, I am REALLY impressed. Runs flawlessly on max settings in 2025p resolution.)Highly reccomended game!"
76561198045709787,Recommended,265550,24062826,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Gunner356,Good game love just running through hordes mashing my attack key.better with friendsbut still fun solo6.7/10
,Recommended,265550,13900987,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Metal as F&#K,"Crashing issues are mostly fixed for my rig, fx8350/290x along with 8 GB of ram, newest drivers. Killing zombies with crazy weapons and a friend is as great as it always was. Story tries too hard to be serious. 7/10, would recommend if you have friends to play with."
76561198010864832,Recommended,265550,20572638,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Metro,"Across the board improvement over prior entries in the series.  Bigger area, better graphics, more weapons, more fluid physics, and no annoying escort requirements.  If you're looking for depth, look elsewhere.  Dead Rising games are about killing zombies.  Lots of them.Whatever technical issues might have been present at PC launch weren't obviously apparent to me now on a 770 with an i5 processor.  60 fps most of the time dipping to mid 40's in open areas populated by dozens (if not over a hundred) zombies.  Only had one crash the entire time but AMD users might tell a different story.Doing all the side quests and a decent amount of exploration took me over twenty hours.  Skipping side quests I'm sure it's possible to finish the game in under five or so hours but that misses the point.  The main questline isn't particularly compelling it's there to shuttle you from one location to another... killing zombies."
,Recommended,265550,12131726,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,being gay is bad thing,"i dunno whats wrong with everybody's computers... ppl cant start this game... it breakes sometimes... BUT IM THE LUCKY ONE! SO, I DONT GIVE A♥♥♥♥♥♥ABOUT OTHER PPL! IT WORKS 4 ME! SO, IM SATISFIEDi'd like to recommend this game BUT:1)u NEED A FRIEND to play with2)u NEED A GAMEPAD 4 comfortable controls3)u NEED A GOOD COMPUTER, dont cry like a little baby if it doesnt work on ur computer cuz yr computer is♥♥♥♥♥♥4)u NEED TO UNDERSTAND it is dead rising, THERE ISNT A GOOD PLOT5)u NEED TO HAVE FUN, enjoy!)"
76561198139398698,Not Recommended,265550,11995717,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Drunk Pigeon,Can't go anywhere far without it crashing every 10 mins! Great poo-poo port capcom!
45345775434665647,Not Recommended,265550,12000254,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,powerX21 v2,"Dead Rising 3 has stopped working!the game is very good, to bad its very bad port"
,Not Recommended,265550,12000965,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Coffee,Dead Rising 3 has stopped working.
,Not Recommended,265550,11998320,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,zector,"This is the worst game I've played in the last couple of years.Graphics are bad, performance is mind-blowingly bad, and the control over your character is so bad that I wish it was laughable.The character controls are actually so bad that the game starts controlling the character, i.e. the game thinks movement and/or action buttons are pressed and until you have figured out what button(s) the game has decided are being held down and pressed them a couple of times you can forget about staying alive. (Not a hardware or driver issue, just a bad programming/porting issue)I spent the first few hours playing the game with an issue where the game kept going into windowed mode and placing ~40% of the actual game outside of the viewable area of the monitor while becoming “unfocused” so you couldn’t pause or control the game.Alt+Enter etc had no effect on the game, you basically had to lure the game back to full screen by Alt+Tabing like crazy and clicking the game window.From reports on the forum, making sure that TeamViewer wasn't running or even installed seems to have helped many people with this issue.Current status is that I've played the game on two occasions, both occasions have left med with a headache and so much pent up aggravation from the games constant issues that I've started thinking about maybe taking up boxing.Score?[1/10] – Only because it might actually make me take up boxing.Edit: Oh and I almost forgot, I have restarted the game over 20 times now, it has not shut itself down without crashing once."
76561197968596876,Not Recommended,265550,12002158,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,nello_ j,"loading screen then 1 fps .. save your money, this is junk"
76561198101608701,Not Recommended,265550,12008190,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,cedricfan,"I dont know what happen with this game, I pre-ordere it after I saw the xbox version. However, it is differnt story after I download it, the ""LOADING"" with the ""DeadEising 3"" is like loading forever. I thought maybe the game is very big before, but after loading for a day, it still loading, what can I say? if the game is not ready for most pc, please dont release it that early.I can only wait for it to fix the issue, because I really want to play this game. Please, dont let me down, Capcom, I like most of your games, like Street Fighter, Monster Hunter and Resident Evil, so please, dont let me start to hate Capcom."
,Recommended,265550,16456009,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Hyperchaotic,"This game is awesome. Gameplay is like in previous DR games but much more interesting. Graphics and physics are so cool and beautiful, I really like it. Highly recommended for all sandbox-lovers."
76561198030249771,Not Recommended,265550,11991597,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Skanderani,This game is not finished....DEAD RISING HAS STOPPED WORKINGDEAD RISING HAS STOPPED WORKINGDEAD RISING HAS STOPPED WORKINGDEAD RISING HAS STOPPED WORKINGDEAD RISING HAS STOPPED WORKINGDEAD RISING HAS STOPPED WORKINGDEAD RISING HAS STOPPED WORKINGDEAD RISING HAS STOPPED WORKINGDEAD RISING HAS STOPPED WORKINGDEAD RISING HAS STOPPED WORKING
,Not Recommended,265550,11995542,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Poisontiped,"Typical bloody port to PC.  Mouse and Keyboard suck♥♥♥♥♥.. I will be wanting a refund until I hear that it is fixed.Not to mention all the other bugs, crashes and buginess"
76561198119029208,Not Recommended,265550,11995791,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,lllHiko,"Geez... Got an MSI GT70, GTX 880M, waited for several months for this game, paid 50 euros, downloaded it 5 hours and now it doesn't even start ??? Capcom better do something to fix it... and quickly !"
76561198101300676,Not Recommended,265550,11995982,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,brillo.rs,pre ordored this game and it wont even load just crashes my screen from the start thanks for nothing capcaom
76561198051002480,Not Recommended,265550,34334760,Posted: 18 August,all,Pandy_Bear,"it crashes after 15 minutes of playing. iv tried so many ""fixes"" that i found online and still crashes every 15 minutes. i hate that because i love this game alot and i really hope capcom fixes this problem SOON"
,Not Recommended,265550,15791060,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,LunarLazuli,"Turns a truly fun and unique series into a generic open world ""Drive here, do this"" snoozefest. It seems like every other mission had you driving literally across the entire map and navigating annoying blockades on road in order to artificially extend the game. The PC port job is also♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. The previous games had better locations, psychos, characters, and gameplay that didn't require you to be in a car every five seconds.As a die hard fan of the series, this game disgusts me."
76561197982073151,Not Recommended,265550,13644651,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mr. Squishy,"I would really like to play this game, as I don't but gaming consoles I preordered this as soon as I had a chance. Then it doesn't load, I start it, black screen, crash, rinse, and repeat...I can only assume that this game is the harrowing tale of someone who survived the apocalypse by hiding in a closet, only to be asphyxiated and die due to their poor choice. Maybe that's why dead rising 3 stops working, I'm playing as one of the people unfit to survive the apocalypse and Capcom just decided to save me the misery of listening to my character spout one liners and puns about the closet, the characters wardrobe, and the underwhelming excitement of asphyxiation.Either that or it's just broke. I like my story line better though, it makes me feel like less of a chump for spending so much on a non working game."
,Not Recommended,265550,11990584,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,The Classy Hippo,Wait for the frame rate drops to be fixed. it is also unfinished and clearly untested on normal towers and laptops
76561198116150929,Not Recommended,265550,11993676,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Potassium Grenade (TSG),this game has the worst lag issues and crashes so much
,Recommended,265550,13800328,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Splartski,Loved this game. I had no issues with crashes or anything... I'd suggest reading the hardware specifications before getting the game to ensure it'll run smoothly.If you enjoy the Dead Rising series then this should be an instant buy.
,Not Recommended,265550,13707309,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ike the Radiant Hero,"After finally getting it to start... the lag made it impossible to play. Please fix!!! I have the computer specs to run it at high quality and it was unplayable at low!!! Maybe someday, DR3, maybe someday..."
,Recommended,265550,22669875,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,TriHard,I only have a 750 gtx 1gb but it runs at a constant 30 fps 98% of the time
,Recommended,265550,25040356,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,MrSmudgins,"I purchased this game 2 years ago when it originally launched on steam, and for the last 2 years the game was completely unplayable on my system. Every couple months I would reinstall the game to see if it had finally been patched enough to work, and as of yesterday it finally has. Its not pretty, or smooth, but it is playable, and if I would have gotten this version of the game closer to its launch I would have been completely satisfied with my $50 purchase, because I knew my system was under even the minimum recommended specifications. I am still disappointed with Capcom Vancouver for taking this long to fix their product.That being said, this game is amazing. It is everything that was good about Dead Rising 1 and 2, but perfected. The map is enormous, but each individual area is intricate, detailed, and dimensional, giving the player plenty of options for exploration, and tons of vantage points from which to unleash carnage upon the zombie horde. And that horde has become larger, more diverse, and more dangerous than ever before in a Dead Rising game.Crafting is an absolute joy now that you can do it on the move without needing a workbench to do so. The selection of craftable weapons is phenomenal, and I was particularly impressed with how many crafted weapons can be further improved after they have been created.Cinematically, Dead Rising 3 is lightyears beyond either of its predecessors. The serious parts feel more desperate and somber, while the irreverant parts feel every bit as ridiculous and funny. The story has followed a similar formula to the first 2 games, but with enough plot twists to keep me guessing so far.I will easily get 100 hours of gameplay out this game, and with all the bonus content and alternate stories I'm sure it will be much more. This is the kind of game that other zombie sims are trying to be. But like I said at the start of this review, it would have been nice if this game had actually worked 2 years ago when someone might have actually cared."
,Not Recommended,265550,11993617,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Big Ass Truck To Go Muddin,http://emojipedia.org/reversed-hand-with-middle-finger-extended/
76561198071509861,Not Recommended,265550,11989862,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,The Forgotten,Garbage cant even see the game screen buyer beware on this♥♥♥♥♥♥PC SpecsIntel Core i5 4690 @ 3.50GRAM8.00GBMotherboardMSI Z97 GAMING 74095MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 770 (MSI)
,Not Recommended,265550,11990298,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Tulio,Game crashes as it starts up.such sadMuch disappointFIX NOW!5 days has past and still i have not even been able to get past the damn starting screen.Troubles me why they would release this when it is not even up to standards for most of the people who brought this game.Such upsetMuch cry
,Not Recommended,265550,11992078,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,AshleyWolf,"I spent £36...waited 4 Months on Release...AND waited 30 Hours for it to download.It shows the Capcom logo, then, stops working. WTF Capcom?! WTF?!!I'd rather give £36 to sick children then to Capcom!!"
,Not Recommended,265550,11989336,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Adolf Snitzel,very dissapointed. it was very laggy and i just wasted a punch off money for nothing but if they fix the lagging stuff and all that so i can play on my laptop i will be very happy.and i waited for this game to come out in almost a yeari am so dissapointed :(
76561197986973618,Recommended,265550,12068675,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Jarate Master,"Buy it on sale, but steam/capcom does not seem to put the dead risings on sale much (since ive been waiting for a good sale on DR2:off the record FOREVER). Im on vista with a GTX 760 and my framerate was good if i turned everything down, but at reccomended settings the cutscenes were obtrusively choppy. I didnt crash unless i tried to do Co-op sometimes, made playing with a friend a pain in the neck sometimes. The game was fun for days for me, The main quest could have been more challenging with contrived scenarios/situations to challenge, but mostly the main quest was ""go here/ go there""On the upside there is much less escort missions, and you have enough game time to fool around, and there are LOTS of zombies if you're into that sort of thing."
,Recommended,265550,12965241,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Noveranz,Nice story fun gameplayİt sometimes crashes but with saves its goodDont buy it unless you have a gaming PC
,Not Recommended,265550,12201634,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,DANG3R,no
,Recommended,265550,22495271,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,mezzy,california with zombies is slightly redundant
,Recommended,265550,12031121,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Snoogans,"Performance issues aside, this is a great game. It feels a lot more grown up than its predecessors in terms of narrative making the scale of story more global, but the gameplay is as silly as it ever was! There's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥guns, flamethrower looking like male genitalia, tons of weird clothes to wear and extremely funny psychos. All in all, I loved everything about this game - it managed to bring something new to the table while staying true to its roots. I wish Capcom good luck on fixing crashing/performance in DR3 so everyone would be able to enjoy it."
76561198037264997,Not Recommended,265550,12559790,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,AlphaMikeFox,I have had this game since the day before it released and have not Played it once. Why? BECAUSE IT STILL DOESN'T WORK ON A PC THAT METS THE REQUIREMENTS!!!! I have tried everything that was posted and have even done a clean install of Nividia and still nothing. Four patches have come out and even though everyone promised to fix the boot-crash issue not one has done a thing. I would not have bought if I had known there was so many issues and now I just wish that Steam would give me my money back.
76561198026985251,Not Recommended,265550,12090797,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Forklift,Cant even get past the first loading screen.... PIECE OF JUNK GAME
,Not Recommended,265550,12107133,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,KIRA,the real name of the game is ( CRASH Rising 3 Crash edition )and the only thing you will enjoy about the game is looking at it on you're library
,Recommended,265550,12022365,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,childish gambero,I ♥♥♥♥ing love the Dead Rising 3 but ♥♥♥♥ sakes it crashes all the ♥♥♥♥ing time 0/10
76561198089980926,Not Recommended,265550,12279643,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Jackal,"Runs like a truck with aids, but once heavily modded (for me) its actually a fun game. But I can't recommend a game that doesn't work for 80% of all buyers, (just get DR2)."
76561198049436580,Not Recommended,265550,12114232,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,FullMetal Badger,"when i hit ""play"" in the steam library, it takes me to a black screen"
,Recommended,265550,12284349,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,SeinRuhe,"Not a single crash ever, awesome game."
76561198056096151,Recommended,265550,14854563,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Your Tovarisch Uncle Joey,"TL:DR A Serviceable DR game with none of the charm or colour of its predecessors, only for someone fanatically inclined to the DR series or if you have a desperate need to downsize your amounts of fun that DR2 cursed you withThe first thing I noticed about this game is how brown it is (No racial undertones meant) Every sodding part of the city is drenched in either Brown or dark grey, I don't know what Triple A's Fetish is with Brown, Maybe it was his Highschool Girlfriend or something.The Next Gen Transition seemed to have cost DR alot of its vibrancy, very few of the Bosses are ""wacky"" as opposed to just being disgusting and much too easy, the combo weapons have increased in number but are much more poorly implemented (I'll get to that)Tangent aside, The visuals have that classic ""LOOK HOW NEXT GEN WE ARE, DO YOU LOVE US NOW?!"" Feeling of trying to show of the visuals as opposed to letting the visuals show off the game, When I am mowing through a horde of Zombies With a cone on my head, I am nto stopping to look at the visuals, Maybe I would have in DR2 where the casino's had life and vibrancy, as opposed to this rehashed Liberty City ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ we have here. The story is also a nice juicy target, in the second Game it had a feeling of retro camp with a grizzled one liner touting Chuck Greene, Who was not only adept at killing Zombies but also enjoyed it.Nick Ramos on the other hand is a cookie cutter pretty boy who ""jus wants ta help"" (which is very inconsistent at the least) When I killed my first psychopath, Nick Ramos freaks out like he was caught in the girls locker room, in DR2 Chuck Green made a sassy and slightly Dark joke about my enemies Untimely Love Making with a chainsaw, The tone of DR3 is much too inconsistent as well, Capcom Writes Story the way a Child writes awkward fanfiction. That is to say very badly, If you have ever played a DR game before you will not be shocked to find out the zombie virus was started by some very short sighted villain (which I spoil with no remorse, as only a lobtomized chimpanzee couldn't see that coming if you have played a DR or any capcom game before) So the story is very flat, theres a big thing about people getting chipped or outlawed if they are bitten, but the characters are so stereotyped and over reliant on you for help, that any and all interest fades fast.But no one comes to DR for a story in the same way no one solicits a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for an ethical debate. The gameplay of DR3 can be summed up as: It is DR2, but watered down and made insultingly easy. The combo weapons of DR2 were a brilliant method of providing countless experimentation attempts to combine weapons organically to create new and easy ways to break up the monoty of killing zombies, which worked very well. But in DR3 you cannot make any Weapon without blueprints as Nick is unsure of how taping knives to a pair of boxing gloves is in anyway an effective zombie killing tool. This terrible mistake means I have to scavenge out for blueprints scattered around the city as opposed to the fun of testing out which combinations work to create new weapons and a sense of satisfaction as you see what the game lets you get away with, makes me feel like I'm stealing someone elses creative dieas, not making them myself. In addition you can get a skill very early on to allow any weapon of any one category to subsitute as a replacement in a combo weapon, so two pistols can give you a combat shotgun/rifle Weapon which is already massively overpowered, and is now handed to you like candy.Even worse is that now guns can be found in lockers, so you aren't enjoying a scavenger hunt to find the correct components to make your guilty pleasure Auto Turret Teddy bear or Twin MG Mounted Arm Chair, Nope instead you go to the Locker in a safehouse and it will just plop the bloody things out like a disinterested clerk at lost and found. Speaking of safehouses, the AI for humans is hilariously bad, Fighting AI soldiers makes me feel bad because I am worried I shot someones travelling Monkey Circus, The AI that ""helps"" is awful, inaccurately firing shotguns whenever the planets align or flailing a melee weapon like a weedy anime child, which is made worse by the fact that you now have to escort them over a much larger city to safehouses so they stop following you, because Boss battles and Story missions are blocked when you have companions, so they are only useful in Free Roam, and in Free Roam they are a pain and pointless if you have a friend or Dog that can pull Co-op duty for you, so the irritating escort mission that were survivors has made no improvements (Don't even get me started on trying to get them into cars).There is one big improvement however: That is the ♥♥♥♥ing awesome Combo Vehicles, Having a steam roller taped to the edge of a Harley while my co-op partner throws molotovs off the back is defintely one way to make it enjoyable trekking round the city. BUT NO they ♥♥♥♥ that up too! everywhere you go, there are blockades, Rubble and barriers blocking your way down roads, so you end up building a vehicle in one area, and only being able to use it in that area, theres no way to get a good pace going in a vehicle so they only serve to make us feel nothing but contempt for this City and praise the Zombies for livening up the place.The game is also buggier than a Mating Session between Watchdogs and Unity (Ok maybe not THAT bad) The Pc version was awkwardly capped at 30fps at release even on PC, and anything too long the game gets frightened and pisses itself, that is to say it crashes, Alot, I'm sure these things can and will be patched at sometime but when DR3 charges a full £40 then to have such glaring problems does show, especially now that there is no colour and vibrancy to allay the annoying niggles that plague DR games, like having to pick up an item under pressure or the irritating fetch quests.So does DR3 do a few things better? Yes, the vehicles are tons of fun, I don't have to worry about running all the way back to Katie every time she needs her vitamins, and the customization is more varied (despite the fact dressing up Nick like a schoolgirl is no where near the levels of hilarity it was to put someone who was actually cool, like chuck greene into the costume.) It doesn't do anything to dynamically change the DR formula and as a DR experience,  you can get DR2 for cheaper and have more fun with it.DR3 gets a 7.6 out of 10I do not reccomend it as a DR game, but as a game on its own, it still manages to be a small cut above the rest (If only barely)"
,Not Recommended,265550,12157564,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,BooBlaster,I can`t play the game !What the ♥♥♥♥ is the problem with the dead rising 3 loading screen ???FU*K THIS GAME !!!!!
76561198086103957,Recommended,265550,27756816,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mackeym10,I had a hard time getting it to work on my computer at first but I got it down
,Not Recommended,265550,12003477,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,brownjor10,"Once again, just like with watch dogs, AAA devs have lied and intentionallly not optimized the game well.  It's so bad that there are hundreds of buyers who can't even get the game to reach tha main menu.  Funny, the devs never once mentioned it wouldn't run on some computers while they were selling the hell out of pre-orders.  This game demands outragous specs and the game won't start at all, and still won't after trying several community found fixes.  Thanks Capcom."
,Recommended,265550,20004018,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Shadoray,"This game is amazing. Don't pay too much attention to the non recommended reviews because they're just about how their  game breaks because of how crap their pc's are. I'm running this game on a laptop on high graphics 720p and get a solid 30 FPS while playing.The only time I see the FPS drop is when im in a few cutscenes but they're not dramatically dropping.. It only goes down to 20 FPS not any lower..Overall, this game is very good, very detailed.. The gameplay is amazing. I love the weapon designs, some of them are awesome and some of them are really funny XDI haven't played online with anyone else yet so i can't really give a review on that but from what I've seen.. It seems really cool ;)I give this game a  9/10 zombies       ;)"
76561198115413064,Recommended,265550,25042251,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Rage Doctor,On sale it is a great game. Otherwise it's not as bad as people say it is. Just try it out for yourself.
,Recommended,265550,12035220,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Tiяit chan,Its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥that it crashes...
,Not Recommended,265550,12090667,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Asim | Selling Asylum 100k-2.5$,The game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,265550,11991353,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Jack_M,Killed a zombie with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sexual!!!
,Recommended,265550,21067326,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Dayman,"The negative reviews for this game seem to be because the game is more ""casual"" then the previous in the series.  The Dead Rising series is my favorite group of zombie games, and I think the only thing I didn't like about Dead Rising 2 was how ridiculously hard it is to actually complete the campaign.  I like that this one gives you so much freedom to just do whatever.  There's hardly any time constraint, the combo weapons are even better than before, and there's a lot of little features they added to make it more of a playground of zombie murder than ever before.  I love it.  Best in the series if you ask me, and it had big shoes to fill."
,Recommended,265550,11992253,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Medical Pizza,its ok
76561198162325156,Recommended,265550,19925272,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,MidsizeSiren,Killing zombies in many different ways.  Very fun!
76561198131130554,Recommended,265550,12311083,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Your_Mom,"I like it, doesn't really crash on me, only about once or twice but love this game!!"
,Recommended,265550,12331570,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,PYROMANT|C,"Dead Rising 3 is another solid instalment in the series, one which is unfortunately marred by performance problems and lacklustre story elements. The essence of what made this franchise good is still there, like the ridiculous combat and comedic game elements, however it just falls short of the “must have” status that the original had. It’s still a blast to play, especially when you unlock some of the more overpowered combos, however there’s probably not enough in there to keep me coming back for untold hours at a time. I'm sure long time fans of the series will find a lot to like in Dead Rising 3 but don’t be fooled into thinking it’s flawless.Read my full review here:http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2014/10/03/dead-rising-3-oh-this-is-bad/"
,Recommended,265550,28727446,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Toni,"Bought on the Steam Winter Sale. The game dropped frames for me once in the Jailhouse but that was about it, it was smooth sailing from there. A FREAKING FLAMING SWORD."
,Recommended,265550,20326169,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,air,"pretty fun game, good port."
,Recommended,265550,12010986,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Spooky Little BOOy,"This is a bit of a gamble to be honest. I was one of the lucky ones in that it runs very well on my computer, but I read that some people who have more powerful computers than  can barely run it.The gameplay is a blast, it's so much fun. The combining and saving mechanics have been changed from DR2 so that you can combine items and save everywhere. It does include a ""Nightmare"" mode which supposedly changes it back like it was in DR2.I wouldn't recommend buying this now, because of the optimization issues, but if they get fixed at some point, then it'd be a definite ""buy"" from me."
,Recommended,265550,21597225,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Boolin,"This game is pretty great with or without a friend, if you want to decimate zombies in a gimp suit with a personal massager launcher then get this game"
,Recommended,265550,12021731,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Dueler666,Really serious yet funny game but none the less good but it has really detailed graphics so u may need a really good graphics card
,Recommended,265550,12002650,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Moose,"Don't worry guys, everything works great on my iMac :)"
,Recommended,265550,12101103,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Mr.Fox,very good game ever
76561198014043568,Not Recommended,265550,12002812,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Lwood262,"I would love to try and advance in the game but it crashes after only 10-15 minutes of me playing leaving me stuck at the starting missions. Don't even get me started with the co-op, joined three rooms, in all three the host crashed after 10ish minutes of lag-tastic game play booting me back to the main menu. I would love to get my money back from this♥♥♥♥♥♥poor investment on my part, but that'll never happen, never buying a capcom product again. The responce from the DEV's to the people having all these issues? Roll back your drivers, sorry cap-con but I'm not rolling back my drivers (preventing me from playing many other of my steam games) just because you were to lazy to make a working port.Update 9/8/14 : After two days of no comments from the DEV's the review still stands, also upon looking at the game stat's only 58% of players have finished the starter mission (takes less then 10 minutes),what's that tell you about the game's stablility?Update 9/11/14 - Patch one was rolled out yesterday, it didn't address any crashing issues, only fixed the broken cloud save function. Tried playing again and my performance was WORSE than prior to the patch, prior to the patch I could ran the game at high settings with no visual glitches. After the patch I set everything to the lowest possible settings and doors, cars, buildings, roadways, barricades, every entity spare for the infected were fading in and out. I got in a car a proceeded to go 50 feet down the road before the road vanished from under me and I was caught stuck, under the map, oh and then the game crashed, but I managed to snap a quick pic before that happened. This game as a release is a joke, if it was an alpha maybe I could excuse it, but of all the alpha's I have, I've yet to experience half the issues in them as I have in this port."
76561197984308345,Recommended,265550,12059008,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,MidnightCry,Well its not a Bad Game....wait for it to go on sale...for a lot less..
76561198084832125,Not Recommended,265550,11991250,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Stitch,it does knot work i dont know why but ♥♥♥♥ you steam i wai all this time for this ♥♥♥♥! you.
,Recommended,265550,11991395,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Tobias,"I've seen TB's video, but the game runs very smoothly at maxed out settings for me on uncapped frame rate setting, feels like 60+fps 95% of the time, even while driving down a street filled with hundreds of zombies. My hardware consists of a gtx 680, i7 3770k, 12gb ram, and playing the game from a standard HDD.Game itself is goddamn amazing and everything a Dead Rising fan could want. Numerous improvements over Dead Rising 2 like character progression and vehicle crafting make this an incredible sequel."
76561198101961888,Recommended,265550,12162634,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,eat chicken,"After Nvidia updated driver i can finally move the game. DR3 is a good game which has diverse combination from weapon and transportation. Its also a open world game, you have no rules and limit in that."
,Recommended,265550,11995981,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,YT/ JamingoFlamingo,im seriously annoyed with this games peformance halve the people who bought this game cant play
,Recommended,265550,21367287,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,oof,+1
,Recommended,265550,24182664,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Munch,I liek this game 10/10
,Recommended,265550,14073422,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Spiderfork,THE ONLY TRUE NATURE OF THIS GAME IS TO FIGURE OUT WHY YOUR CHARACTER CANT BECOME INFECTED WITH THE PANDAMIC OF THE HERPES VIRUS♥♥♥♥ WHY DON'T THEY JUST LET HIM NOT DIE TO BULLETS
76561198069468941,Not Recommended,265550,12076940,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Mcjunkie,Loading screen simulator 2014.11/10 would load again.
,Recommended,265550,23970104,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,MrAttacos,Is this a bad port?Probably was. not now.
76561198028102637,Recommended,265550,24378551,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ShadyBiznis,"I was very much enjoying playing this game with my friend. We had completed both the normal story and nightmare mode and had started an achievement run. Today I went to start the 4th Untold Story and suddenly realised that my character level was at 1 and I only had 4 inventory slots. I tried chapter select and all of the chapters were locked. So now I have to do all the PP trials again to get the achievement, max out my character again and get 100,004 kills starting from zero.I'm not trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥on the game. I really did enjoy it. I'm just ever so slightly completely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that I wasted 51 hours of my life just to lose all my progress."
,Recommended,265550,15844531,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Brostoevsky,CAPCOM logo simulator 201510-10 would crash again
76561198119601834,Recommended,265550,12019340,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,ExplodingTurtle,I like all of the other Dead Rising games but this is just really laggy hope they fix it
,Recommended,265550,14582334,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Kasser,"While not as perfect as I imagined, it was fun to play and it fully support co-op partner in story mode.Things to hate on this game:- Motion blur (turn it off).- Reptitive of going the same places over and over and over. You're gonna hate the city design after spending 5 hours in it.- Plot isn't that interesting.Things to like:+ Big number of zombies.+ Night time gets challenging.+ You get to make ridiculous vehicles.+ some boss fights are awkwardly funny and over the top.+ CO OP."
,Not Recommended,265550,30643091,Posted: 20 March,all,gpj252,"what to say about it? i really like the game and the dead rising franchise, i used to play this title on a ""ok"" pc and i had a lot of fps drops and crashes, i just got a new top of the line pc and decided to give this game a go again, and i sure had no fps drops... until the game crashed after 40 minutes of gameplay... i cant recommend this game, the crashes and bad optimization are reason enough to not buy it, at least not on pc"
,Recommended,265550,12073075,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Fate (-{SoH}-),"First the positive.The graphics are nice.The zombie count is insane with sometimes up to 1,000 being on screen.The Mutant zombie variety is nice there is about 7-9 of them tho they could use some more skins as each only has 1-2 skins.There is alot of variety and i do mean ALOT to be exact.100 pieces of clothing giving you your own personal look.10 full clotheing sets ""excluding dlc"".104 combo weapons.about 12 combo cars/trucks.24 normal cars/trucks ect. ""excluding dlc""394 items you can use as weapons.The game has added features that fix alot of things from the second game.Such as the ability to combine items without having to go to predefined locations.Having better ways to tell when drinks are about to run out.The fact you can drive around the world instead of having to run everywhere.Finaly no more looking for zombrex thankfully.Ok now that the positive is out of the way let's get onto the negative.First you will spend 80% this game traveling location to location as there is no fast travel system.Second there is no sandbox mode your always on a time limit ""even if that time limit is 16 hours""About half of the combo weapons are infact worthless even agienst zombies such as a exploding wheel chair that only kills 1 zombie at a time.A handful of the combo weapons are too useful and you will use them for EVERYTHING.Online is match making only & a joke in finding games.The story is rather short some of the chapters only taking 10-30 mins to complete.You are only able to have a single character.Once you hit level 50 you are a god.If your veteran looking for a challenge then this could fill your desire if you don't spend points.If your a casual that just wants to blow zombies up the game works  really well.About 10 weapon controls don't work or the controls need you to spam them for it to notice such as the bomber helicopter that only fires a missle with  t or y    and the skull blade where left/right click throws it yet t is melee attack.There are alot of bugs in this game  i do mean alot tho most seem small like bandit textures swapping with eachother and fire sometimes not loading til you walk onto it.Finaly the games badly optimized so you need a moderate or better pc to run it.All up it's a ok zombie game experience i'd recommand getting it on sale for $10-15.That's about all i got to say  the choice is yours i hope this information helped."
76561198028975005,Recommended,265550,20501215,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Cken23,"This game is awesome and i give it 9 out of 10 but i hate the fps drops and the horrible slow textures loading wow just crazy horrible, you literally have to wait like 2 to 5 mins for the game to run smooth how its suppose to run and then there is more frame drops from there on but just a little! im running this game with a r9 390 8 gb of VRAM, i tried crossfire but its not optimized for even one card so it was running like one card lol. had to go back to one card but the game is fun overrall, just not worth 50 dollars thats why i got it for 14.99 when it was on sale."
76561198088627634,Recommended,265550,16950758,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Higher Primate,"its worth the £13.59 on sale, i got this on release and have fully enjoyed the game !"
08758080464805252,Recommended,265550,11997603,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,ZomB.EwoK,"Zombies, zombies everywhere. 92/100"
,Recommended,265550,21935444,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Salmonella Sam,"i haven't had a single issue with this game so far, as long as you have a well working computer with an nvidia gpu you should be fine, even the 30fps lock can be disabled with a little file working"
76561197979943032,Recommended,265550,21955805,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,RickyRockFish,On sale this game is a slam dunk.
,Recommended,265550,33108124,Posted: 1 July,all,✦The Future ✦,This Game Is Out Right Fun
,Recommended,265550,12061086,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Jmess,still cant play after the update.
76561198063173235,Recommended,265550,12078717,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Horsekill,"The game is fun, with an entertaining plot that doesn't obstruct the gameplay at all. Other than one or two times that the window has minimized for no apparent reason I haven't had any issues at all with 77.9 hours played so far."
76561198053328506,Recommended,265550,14060870,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,khzmk,"I am not sure why there are so many negative reviews for this game.  Installation was smooth, and the game runs just fine on High settings on a GTX670MX.The game itself is just plain fun!  I am a big fan of State of Decay, so this seemed like an obvious choice, but I have never seen so many simultaneous on-screen zombies before as are in Dead Rising 3, and the ludicrous numbers do pose a great challenge.  The game is open ended enough to explore the world, you just may have to do quite a bit of running (away) from all of the walking dead.  One con to exploration however is that the game is timed, both quests themselves, and the main story have a limited amount of time.There is an excellent crafting system that is easy to grasp, ludicrous weapons, outfits and vehicles, and.. oh yeah did I mention zombies.. everywhere!!!The drop in drop out of the co-op multiplayer is great, and I've seen no issues with it thus far.I definitely recommend this Steam purchase.  Capcom have done a great job with this port, and if you are a fan of the zombie survival/hack-n-slash genre you will definitely enjoy Dead Rising 3!"
,Recommended,265550,33560912,Posted: 15 July,all,oh shit im feeling it,"even though its a bad port, The good outweighs the bad."
,Recommended,265550,27753884,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ultra Scrubcake Lord,+Killing zombies+Crafting system+Open World+Coop Campaign-30fps lock-Cheesy story-No Frank West
76561198000441635,Recommended,265550,12150304,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Stratajim,"Game is pretty epic, and the latest Nvidia driver fixed most of or all of the crashing issues!"
,Recommended,265550,16280744,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,MeanSpeed,"Dead Rising 3 is an incredible game, provided you can run it. If you have a good gaming PC and enjoy zombie slaughtering then you're good to go.The only negative thing I can say is more of a personal issue, which is that I didn't really like the map in this one as much as the previous Dead Rising games."
76561198074162800,Recommended,265550,16846762,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Ryman,"I found the game very fun for what I played of it. It has great comedic value and is definetly fun to play with other people. The amount of zombies in this game will blow your mind when you see it, quite impressive actually. However, do make sure your PC can handle the game first. It doesn't seem to be to badly optimized, but on the downside textures constantly dont load in or are just really blurry until you get like 5 feet away. Of course there is occasional FPS drops when you quickly turn your camera to face large groups of zombies, though the game quickly recovers and doesn't continue stuttering. My overall verdict is: Good game, could be better in terms of performance."
,Recommended,265550,12115880,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,l3lue,Great Game 8/10 :)
,Recommended,265550,12118429,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Samurai Jacques,"There are some annoying issues.After i fixed them ALL, its the greatest zombie game i ever played"
,Recommended,265550,12118475,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Chrismall,best game ever !!! but i wnated better graphics :(
76561198059315258,Recommended,265550,12131517,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,typical hater,it wass a good game i didnt get any crashes but i have a gaming computer
76561198086551659,Recommended,265550,12153274,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,✪Batterywar ✪,"its not good that we can only play 2 in co-op mode, have been fine if we can play up to 4 players. but its a awsome game doh."
,Recommended,265550,12159374,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,YesItsBurla,"I dont know what everyone ♥♥♥♥♥es about, the game works fine, no crashes no black screens no lags no delays, no spikes....and it is fun to play. dont try to find any story, this game is just made for fun and casual gameplay, which it fullfills. Hour or two per day is enough for the joy.to all haters with crashes and lags: get a better PC"
76561198076403246,Recommended,265550,12161502,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,DragonOverLord,Good old zombie bashing fun puts most other Zombie games to shame
76561198084269812,Recommended,265550,12166950,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Snow:Y*CSGO,"Extremely fun game worth checking out! a bunch of crashes and bugs tho, if we are pulling up downsites too.."
76561197982798561,Recommended,265550,12168380,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,$nakeam,"First of all, I have never played any Dead Rising game before, Always saw it, never got it. not on Xbox not on 360, not even on Xbone or PC as it was locked for my region (god knows why).Always heard it was a great game, so I took my chance and bought this one. and am really glad I did!.At the beginning, the game started crashing every 10 - 30 mins of gameplay, it was a mistake from nvidia drivers for my case as i rolled back to 335.xx and worked fine till they released their fix on 344.xx. after that its smooth sailing (at least for me).When I first started the game, I didnt expect much, as I bought it for the co op with my friends. but soon I got hooked up pretty bad. the game had its own charm of sucking you in, and you just want to keep  on playing, finding weapons/vehicles blueprints, making them and smash zombies with them. its so satisfying to no end. I beat the story with alot of time being spent with my friend co oping. now we are on our second play through to level up our characters and finding all weapons/vehicle blueprints as well as collecting the various statues etc.Gameplay:-The gameplay is very much unique at least for me. I loved how you are free to roam around do whatever you want and just Keep on killing zombies with whatever you can find. from a hammer to kitchen knife. anything you can find.. it can be used!. Free roaming got us really hooked that we forget about the story. luckily they put a timer for you to remind you of the story. Its not a type of timer that gets you worried as you have enough time to roam around,, do side quests, extra missions and complete the story with at least 24 hours left on the clock (we have done that).. Best thing about that. you can do all that while wearing your BEST outfit!. you can combine whatever you want, or just have fun with pre made. from disco dancing cloths to megaman costume ( you get that once you complete the story). and you can wear women cloths if thats your cup of tea ;). Fun to  no end!. all the combination of combos with different weapons. its just very fun to roam around the zombies and just combo their asses.Graphics/Animation:-Deadrising 3 has pretty much good graphics. the amount of zombies being rendered around you is ridiculous. soo many you just want to stop in the middle. and just Keep on KILLING. never saw that much NPC roaming around you in one scene in a game before.Story:-Story was fine. as I did not play the first nor the second one, I felt missed out. but they did some explaining toward the end. didnt really catch it as my friend was talking over the  mic and I didnt hear anything :P. but It was fine. It got my hooked up till the end. thats rare...Complaints:-The game has 30fps locked. even though thats not really an issue for some, but it is for me, I hate 30 fps. I spent so much time and money on this PC to get me 60+ fps solid on all games no matter what. but thats just how they ported it. however, this game makes me laugh and have fun to no end that I forgot the 30fps lock business. (Yes I know I can unlock it. but doing that made my game crash like before). Also the controls are kinda fuzzy. when I press the W key to make nick move forward, he takes his sweet time building his momentum to move. that is real yeah, but Its a problem when million zombies are around you.Overall, the game is great. I loved it and am going to replay till I get max statues on everything, then finish up untold stories. Worth the money, Not disappointed, enjoyed every second of it. Totally recommend it!"
76561198078803888,Recommended,265550,12182079,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,James,best kill all the zombies in  japanese school outfit simulator ever
,Recommended,265550,16400307,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Wren Mikita,"As a whole, this game is very demanding on the system, but with the right hardware, it is a thing of beauty. Destroying zombies, and having a good laugh at some very twisted things that happen are enough, but running around and crafting new weapons and vehicles is where the fun truly lies in this title.I recommend having awesome specs for this one to run flawlessly, but if your system is up to snuff, this is hours of great entertainment. Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,265550,16612821,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PatsDark,"To be fair, the only reason i bought this during the summer sale is because of the refund system. Reviews and feedbacks are so horrible that i would have not taken the risk otherwise. Well, i am glad to report i did, and have had none of the issues that people mention. Game runs like a charm. Then again, i have a pretty decent rig.As for the game itself, it is what it is... a zombie beat em up. Lots of carnage. Story is very cheesy but the action is cool with a lot of things to do. If you are on a short budget, i would recomend you buy Dying light. A way superior game. But if like me you are fairly at ease with finance, give this one a shot. You might find some very interesting moments."
,Recommended,265550,16954593,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,𝖀𝖒𝖇𝖎𝖑𝖎𝖈𝖆𝖑𝕮𝖔𝖗𝖕𝖘𝖊,All the negative reviews about the optimization being poor and such are wrong. I did have to add one user.ini file that I found by using google to figure out how to unlock the frame rate. I get 120 fps on ultra with a Gtx 970 and it looks and runs great! Buy 2 copies of this while it's on sale because it's great fun with a friend!
,Recommended,265550,16845581,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Theusmellthis,Fun Game it feels a lot darker than the other games in the series until you make the roaring thunder which gives some infamous powers
,Recommended,265550,16980804,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,TheLastBearBender,"I browsed the reviews of this game (like i do with any game im considering obtaining) and saw all of the negative comments mentioning performance issues, frame drops, stutters, etc. I run this game at full ultra settings and havent had any problems so far. But, granted my gtx 980m has easily handled everything I've thrown at it so far(:Overall, good, fun game. Like I previously mentioned, I had no issues with performance with this game on my gtx 980m so that can quite possibly give anyone considering purchasing this game a start of an idea of what sort of components are needed to run this game with no issues."
,Recommended,265550,12109046,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,80s Stallone,"This game is awesome. If your a fan of the series you won't be disapointed. This plays much more open world than the previous games. It almost feels like GTA with zombies. I really enjoyed the co-op.I like how they removed the time limit with the main mission. You still have X number of days to leave the city before a bomb drops and ends the game but it's really liberal. There isn't a ticking clock like the first two games. I felt rushed playing them and would always skip the side quest. Not the case with Dead Rising 3, you have time to explor the city and find all the hidden items and quests. I have enjoyed finding all the costumes. My favorite is the Blanka head.Just make sure you PC is somewhat decent. Im playing on a Core i7 2600k with an Asus Titan 6gb and I have zero problems. I heard there are issues with some AMD cards but it is possible they have fixed this by now with driver updates.8.5/10"
,Recommended,265550,12156926,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,A Satirical Dalek,"A patch was pushed out yesterday which fixed the crashing issues for a majority of nvidia owners (seems to still affect laptops)The performance in this title isn't great, there's a lot of screen tearing, and framerates can vary between 40-70 FPS unlocked. However, if you can get past all that, this is an amazingly enjoyable game which lacks depth but is amazing satisfying. I recommend picking this game up when it gets a pretty good discount, you won't be dissapointed. 50 dollars is a bit high, considering the bulk of the enjoyment comes from killing zombies over and over again and the performance is ""meh"" at best, but any lower than that and this is a worthy purchase, I've had a lot of fun despite my greivences with the port."
76561198002049420,Recommended,265550,12146773,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,humpstain,"after the latest Nvidia patch 344.11 i can finally play the game!!!the game itself is fun and will suck you in for many hourswhile optimaztion is still needed in some area  its at least in a working state. ii kept the FPS lock on and everything went smoothly, it never dipped in FPS and stayed at 30 constantly.  Unlocking the FPS can cause weird issues with shadows, syncing with sound, and other graphics glitches ....you can unlock it but for me personnaly the optimized 30 FPS was just fine."
76561198042706060,Recommended,265550,12162044,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,The Otherside,Hope you got a powerful computer...
,Recommended,265550,12170452,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Sash,"Lots of fun! Running around finding things to essentially duct-tape together weapons is a great mechanic, and executed quite well. Extend this to the creation of new vehicles, ala rollerhog; a motorcycle with a steamroller drum on the front.. oh and some flamethrowers to boot.. and you've got a recipie for a lot of zomb-hem. Zomb..saster? Zombtato?There are a few things that bug me, the worst probably being the occasional inability to pick up what you actually want despite looking directly at it. Turn your stance a bit and the item highlights.. but hey, your character wants to do a full 90 degree turn, not just 45 degrees, so again you lose the highlight and can't pick up the item.. or worse yet you pick up a cardboard box instead of an assault rifle.Some of the travel missions are a pain in the butt, sending you to all four corners of the city,. On the upside, big missions tend to have bigger rewards, but a few times I felt like I'd wasted a heap of effort. There was also a single boss mechanic which just didnt seem to work well, though I had no trouble getting through it; I still felt like it hadnt been played out the way the designers intended. Hmm.. I might watch the video on that one to see how it was meant to go down.I see a lot of potential in the co-op system, though ended up turning it off myself as the first person who jumped in was an internet-tard and decided to start swearing because I wasnt on a mic. Thankfully you can change the co-op mode at any time. I would probably play through this with a friend in co-op mode.I rate this at least three potatoes out of an unknown amount, it was very playable and had so many sweet combos and a decent player upgrade system. I rarely got stuck on missions and smaller simpler missions didnt make you work too hard, with the components for completion reasonably easy to find. Do keep in mind that some areas will be locked until further down the track, so don't try for too long to get a blueprint or collectable if it seems like you shouldn't be in the area just yet.I have seen a bunch of stuff on the net about people who couldnt play this with nvidia graphics - i'm running a radeon so I guess not much problem there for me, though might be worth researching just in case."
,Recommended,265550,12115869,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Vox Koshka,"Dead Rising 3 is a departure from the other games, but one that I actually ended up enjoying more in many ways. Full disclosure before we begin. I always enjoyed the Dead Rising series in concept, but struggled with some of the gameplay systems. I think the second hit it off with me far better that the first, but the interesting things about the game for me were unpolished, and the parts that frustrated me were a focal point. Extremely difficult boss battles, cool weapons being very restricted, no mode that wasn’t time restricted to let me mess around in the world, and the game feeling like it was always encouraging me to grind and restart rather than just play through - all problems I had while playing. I think the timer was the bit that I did understand though. It was what the game was all about, and not just a tacked on idea. I just wished I could run around in the world and explore freely without the restrictions. There was always a strange innate anxiety that I wanted a break from while playing the game.Dead Rising 3 making the decision to essentially cut the player loose from the time restrictions by slowing it down to essentially 1/10th the speed should sound like a great idea to me then right? The answer is that I’m not so sure. I really love having the open world and side missions to play in, but I feel like, in this case, that should be a mode apart from the story. If you are a player who still wants that pure experience there’s still “nightmare mode” which feels much closer to the older games in difficulty and restriction. It brings the timer back to an urgent level and increases the damage done by enemies. I ended up only giving the game a playthrough on Nightmare mode after I completed the game. This essentially meant I was almost max level, and it still felt very difficult. I recommend it to anyone who enjoyed the series prior.When speaking in terms of scale Dead Rising 3 is bigger than Dead Rising 2, but not as much as I initially thought. There are almost always more zombies on screen at one time by an order of magnitude, but the environments play a few tricks. It feels like the environments are bigger to allow for more room for driving, traversal, and open platform. However, most of the buildings are completely closed. As I was running down streets, through always, and through storefronts out the backdoor I realized that while there might not actually be that many more buildings to run through than the second game, I felt more exhilarated dealing with the large hords of zombies. At least until I started unlocking weapon blueprints, to which there are many extraordinarily powerful ones. Honestly though, that’s what this game really feels about.Weapon blueprints are found in the environment, normally after a bit of platforming. The “supercombo” blueprints always spawn in the same places, but sometimes don’t spawn. This slows the power creep down a little bit, but even some of the basic combo weapons are extremely proficient at killing hundreds of zombies before breaking. The weapon power coupled with the ability to craft weapons using part categories after investing just a few skillpoints means that the player has ready access in the field to some of the most powerful weapons in the game half way through a story run. There’s also lockers at safehouses that you can pull any item you’ve picked up, or any weapon you’ve crafted out of. It is restricted a bit so you can only pull four combo weapons out, or two supercombo weapons. After making a few supercombo weapons and visiting a safehouse it felt like any mission in the game was relatively easy, especially boss battles. I ended up having more fun collecting all the blueprints and collectibles than I did playing through the missions usually.Killing zombies is extremely fun for me and didn’t get old until most of the way into my second playthrough for me. The gore is impressive. The sounds design often put me on edge when difficulty couldn’t. My only issue with the visuals was the overall artstyle. I don’t think I’ve seen a more brown game in recent times. When put up against its predecessors the color scheme of this game is something that’s really easy to start cringing at. The weapon effects including ice, fire, lighting, and fireworks all help bring the tone up enough that it doesn’t get too depressing to just run around. The weapons are fun to use and some are far more satisfying than others to use. Melee combat is the focus, but some of the ranged weapons are absolutely overpowered for bosses. It ends up leading to an interesting balance in how weapons are used, but because of how powerful everything ends up being the differences are less important later in the game.Difficulty, at least in the normal mode, ended up being extremely low. I did die a few times, but in almost all cases that was because I purposefully underpowered myself to test the my limits traversing the streets. Boss patters were easy to learn and there are several simple blueprints that I got early on that made the boss battles all absolutely trivial, and in some cases unintentionally funny. I rarely felt like I was having much of hard fight in boss battles. I think I would have had more of a fun challenge if there were more human combative enemies, but that weren’t complete bullet sponges. Men with guns are few and far between, and every single one of them can take quite a few hits before going down. Combat is straight forward and awkward with them more often than not though.The missions find themselves in favor of a more traditional openworld game. There are clearly marked miniboss battle objectives. Quite a few people can be found who won’t budge until you go fetch something for them. There are a few creative and fun side missions that were very clearly given a lot more though and love. These sidemissions end up normally giving survivors that can tag along even in missions. The survivors actually hold up pretty well against zombies in the day, and Nick ends up capable of running with a posse of half a dozen survivors all armed to the teeth with unlimited ammo combo guns. The story missions are fun to play generally, but the story really doesn’t hold up too well.The protagonist Nick is bland at best. He is a really ‘nice guy’ and actually has a story reason for being important in this game, but as the game progresses he started grating on my nerves more and more. Some of the support characters made me downright fist pump sometimes though, while others left me rubbing my eyes and forehead. The story has a lot of parts that feel like they should have never made it past the idea stage, but they would have made it into most Hollywood action movies. Overall the story wasn’t for me, but the voice acting, character emotional expression, and cutscene camera work all ended up making it a very enjoyable ride. Just don’t expect to be blown away by any twists or presented with any profound questions.While it has a lot of problems, they often feel like it was a choice between “challenge” and “wacky fun” and that’s a compromise I’m willing to go along with for the ride. It might have been easy, but I haven’t had as much fun killing zombies in a long time."
76561198017229123,Recommended,265550,12134432,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,dildo shwaggins,super awsome game  tons of wepons zombies very long campane .but this was the first game ive goten in years that wouldent run on pc but i got a cheap new video card under 100 bux and it runs very well on lower settings dosent lag or crash at all which seems to be what all the bad reviews are about.not capcoms fault that people think next gen concole games will run on there old video cards.
,Recommended,265550,12137111,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,JrallXS,ZOMBIES!!! CRAFTING!!! SURVIVAL!!! EXPLOSIONS!!! HOTC CHICKS!!! BLOOD!!!
76561197970749812,Recommended,265550,12137890,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,.:BJG:.,*zombie tongue* ruuaaaburrr wippphhhul blaaaghssth naaaaaghnul blipppplal ATI BRAINS! - NVIDIA *vomit* 9/10
76561198019905292,Recommended,265550,12163274,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,BlazinJesus,"Just finished campaign, pretty fun game all around. Might be a tad too easy, only died once on the very first psycho side mission. Did not experience any of the game breaking bugs others seemed to have. Ran pretty well with the frame rate uncapped, only dropped below 30fps during cut scenes which was odd. Graphics settings  were @ 1080p somewhere between medium and high."
76561198094805003,Recommended,265550,16971148,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Bill,"My computer has a dual core CPU and I can run the game just fine on high graphics settings, don't see what all the hate is for. Had almost no problems. Game is really fun too. I reccommend this game.Specs are: Geoforce GTX 750 graphics card, 8 GB ram and a Intel Pentium G3260 3.3Ghz CPU."
,Recommended,265550,12108456,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Ltskitzo,"As an AMD user I haven't seen any of the crashing or other complications this game has brought, so for me it's been excellent.I have really been enjoying my time playing this game and I have no intention of stopping.The weapons are really creative, the challenges are good fun and the mood is a strange blend of serious and funny. It's odd but it works.I realize a lot of people are downvoting this because of the crashes. But keep in mind the game has only just come out and this happens a lot to new games. (it shouldn't, but it does)My machine is happy to run this at a pretty constant 60 FPS,  I had to VSync it due to so much screen tearing. Maybe I'm a lucky one?The game itself is great fun, and that's what really counts."
76561198039825589,Recommended,265550,12138119,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Canadian Haven,I don't know what all these whiners are talking about!!! Great Game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,265550,12272886,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,[BODG] Deathsrainbow,Looking at alot of the reviews for this game currently theres alot that say its crashing etc etc etc i have been playing this game since it came out and have not had a single issue there are alot of performance changes that could be added to boost the experience however if you have a high spec pc you should be able to play this game perfectly fine
76561198014979613,Recommended,265550,12115098,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,{AK}Bully,"Doesn't work simple as that and I have to wait until bugs are fixed before I can play it. Here's a thought make sure it works properly before releasing it. This is exactly like other games COD, BF etc big release date and then comes the bug fixes. Don't get me wrong I realize nothing is perfect but when you spend money on a gaming system and have the latest tech you would hope that a game like this would work. Not happy but hope it gets fixed soon otherwise I'll delete it and won't bother downloading from steam again as this has happened too many times for it to be a joke anymore. I can't even post a recommendation on this game because I can even start to load it BOO."
,Recommended,265550,12116333,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Nithlus,"Bit of a rough launch but the game itself once working was amazing, love every minute of it. cant wait for the next installment. Some things i miss though are the zombie walk, unlimited mode, zombie crawl"
,Recommended,265550,12122128,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,SonsOfLiberty86,"Foreword: For those saying this game crashes for everyone, this game does not crash for me. For me it runs fine. I am not sure what issue most people are having but I am here to say the game works for me. Worst problems I had: frame stuttering/drops (mainly when there are thousands of zombies on screen). Put over 30-40 hours into the game so far and I have not had 1 single crash. I have even streamed the game and used background programs running which would increase CPU usage. I already played through it and beat the game, got S ending and am already level 50! Would recommend to all Dead Rising fans.Gameplay review: Gameplay is standard Dead Rising fare. They have improved on the movement, animations, driving, crafting, skillsets and almost everything else in the game. Graphics seem to be a slight improvement as well. Some of the main differences between the past two DR games, some survivors are saved by you and then leave the area to go on their own. The survivor mechanic is also changed, whereas the first two games you would save people and take them back to a safe zone, this one you save people and they join your team, either staying till they die or they are dismissed back to your safehouse. The game is also more openworld than the last two games, the first game being in a mall and the second being in a Las Vegas type strip. Dead Rising 3 is in an open city where you can drive around and travel from area to area (i.e. downtown, down by a marina area, the industrial area, the hills where people live in mansions and, and more). The zombie count has also been significantly increased, there are many more zombies in the game than the first two. It was easy to get 10,000 zombie kills within a weekend of playing the game. The new fighting moves are awesome, and you now have special kills with most all weapons, for example running up and cutting a zombies head off with a big knife, or sticking a chainsaw attached to an AA-12 shotgun into a zombie, revving the chainsaw and then blasting them to bits with the auto-shotgun. Moves like that are pretty cool. The minibosses are still there, and the overall feel feels the same. There is also a twist at the ending which is pretty cool. Overall I'd say this is a hit for Dead Rising fans.Bottom line: If you like Dead Rising, get this! It rocks. Make sure you got a good PC too. If you aren't a Dead Rising fan, or not a fan of Capcom, or if you don't have a good PC and/or aren't well-versed with tinkering on your PC to get the game to work, or you refuse to contact Capcom for support if your game doesn't work, I would not recommend this game for you. The game does seem to suffer some minor technical issues, but the 30 framerate cap can be easily overridden with a text file created in the games main directory, and I have not been suffering the crashing problems that many others seem to be suffering.Everyone else though, I would recommend!"
,Recommended,265550,12128550,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Horror,"It's fun. That is the most important thing. Yes there are some issues with running it, and if you use Nvidia you might want to do some extra research.. but when it comes down to it, it's fun.As good as DR2? Well, no. I still feel like I got my moneys worth of enjoyment, and will most likely run through it again sometime soon."
76561198069843778,Recommended,265550,12138766,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Tony,"Great game, But i crashes on me every 7 minutes ): still no fix"
,Recommended,265550,12153377,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Bloopel,"Where to begin?When this game was first was realeased, I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ It didn't work on my laptop that can handle crysis on ultra specs.Now that it's fixed...I feel complacent. Yeah this is a good game. But the hype is gone. The whole Capcom ordeal killed all hope I had for this game, and even though now I can play it, I don't think I'll spend as much time with it as I would if it had realesed fully functional.If this whole thing taught me anything, it's that developers might not care, or take into consideration the wide variety of rigs out there.I don't think I'll ever preorder a Capcom game on PC ever again. I don't think I'll even buy one if it goes on sale, if this is what I can expect from customer service.It works..Barely, the cutscenes run worse than if you encountered a horde.  And it is fun. But the service, the lack of care, really didn't help. I think I'll start looking into the Legend of Korra game. At least I know what to expect from Platinum, because they actually make decent ports."
76561198141607567,Recommended,265550,16587122,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ragingcactus,"Great game,it worked well on my laptop"
76561197993402955,Recommended,265550,16642925,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bring back Psychic Force,"Pretty disappointing if you're a Dead Rising fan, but it's a fairly fun game on it's own. Creating and using combo weapons is fun and exploring is enjoyable enough. The story is basically a terrible fan fiction but doesn't really detract from the game any. The art is drab to the point that the environments all start to blend together, and the game is baby easy. The game can also be pretty finicky about how well it wants to run, but wasn't especially difficult to get a good framerate after tampering with the settings a bit.I'd recommend it if you can get it on sale for at least 50% off."
,Recommended,265550,27464731,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,raymanexe,Best zombie game ever! Kill as much zombies as you can!
,Recommended,265550,22838701,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Justin J (PuNk),"this game is pretty cool, definitely worth playing.idk what it is, everything that made dead rising 2 and off the record great are still present here, random over powered weapon combos, co-op, butt-loads of zombies, great graphics, the same-ish missions, saving people, killing crazies, etc....but this game still feels somewhat less fun than dr2. perhaps later on it feels somewhat repetative?this game is a open-worldish zombie apoc survival horror game (minus the horror). grab random sh*t to use as a weapon, combine some of that random sh*t to create even more f**k'd up random sh*t! use this random sh*t to get through hordes of zombies faster and more easily, rescue helpless civilians, give them weapons (melee or guns) so they can help you out. play through the main game co-op with a friend!PROS:lots and lots of zombies on screen at the same time without lag (assuming you meet the req)great graphicsco-opcrazy over powered weapon combossave civiliansbring saved civilians to fight with youopen worlddrive vehicledcreate modded vehiclesetcCONS:maybe a little repetative, but don't take that the wrong way, still a very good game.if you are a zombie fan at all, i recommend this, or if you enjoyed dead rising 2, and perhaps 1 (i never played 1 cause im not an xbox fan so ill never play it, wont ever touch xbox, EVER!) 8.5/10"
,Recommended,265550,33065564,Posted: 30 June,all,ryolazlo,"IMO it's better than the previous version, with bigger city, more comedy, and faster crafting, will play it more."
76561198039585522,Recommended,265550,12928766,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Captain_Waffle11,"I think I must have downloaded a different game than everyone else, or I have a magic computer, because I was able to enjoy this game in its full glory right from day one.  And months after day one, I'm still enjoying it.  Every weapon feels great.  The combo system is perfectly balanced.  The dizzying scale of the beat-em-up gameplay is enthralling.  This game succeeds at everything it promises to do, then consistently one-ups itself.  Actually more ridiculous than Just Cause 2.  Don thy gogo boots and knight armor, are yourselve with your semi-auto♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gun, and kill every zombie."
76561198301577052,Not Recommended,265550,28953432,Posted: 2 January,all,user1mitch,IT IS SH*T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,265550,24770382,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Cows Are People Too You Know,"this game is amazing. it is one, if not my favorite game."
,Not Recommended,265550,28766029,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jambers,My level reset from around 30 to 0 in the 6 months I didn't play - Had to start the game again to even have a chance.0/10♥♥♥♥♥♥PC Port with game breaking bugs.Also the FOV makes me (and many others) feel ill.
,Recommended,265550,13660809,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,GODDAMN ISLANDER!,"Helped a man collect ""studs"" to make a Gay 3-way zombie porno....10/10.....But game crashed right after...3/10"
,Not Recommended,265550,12266274,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Canuck.,"Nothing beats the feeling of spending money on a brand new game (full price) and finding out that it's the laggiest thing you've ever played.. I have quite a powerful PC that has never struggled with other games, and exceeds many System Requirements.. but DR3 does NOT play at all.. They better fix it soon, because with people paying as much money as they have and not being able to play it, Capcom have got some serious work to do."
76561198087802967,Recommended,265550,23652951,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ESCAPE_DEATH,Once you fix the fps issue the game is fantastic!
,Recommended,265550,25517851,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ノア,Badass!!
76561197994782785,Not Recommended,265550,29137256,Posted: 9 January,all,Pope Francis,"very enjoyable very similar to  Dead Rising 1 and 2 and a lot of fun But ultimately my experience was soured Buy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ NPCs , dumb glitches, and repetetive quests . the nail in the coffin tho is that after completing the last chapter all my key/ data were un acessable or deleted trying to play the game again making it impossible to get all the collectables."
,Recommended,265550,16466768,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ƞ_★,"Is this game worth it? Hell to the ♥♥♥♥ing yeah. Grab a friend and get the game. There is NO problems with this game at all. Anyone who complains about the frame cap at 30 doesn't understand that it makes the game stable.Now I went to Can I run It to see if I could run this game and it told me no.Lowest settings game still looks amazing AND I can run it with no lag.Get the game, you know you want to."
76561198165929126,Recommended,265550,18971922,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,nikeyboombox,"This game is awesome just like all the other dead Rising franchise, so much fun especially if you play online. Lots and lots of fun."
,Not Recommended,265550,15891356,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,CooperTeam,"First off, even though I say NO, I am mostly concerned about the major slow down that happens a LOT in the game. Sometimes it will be 25-30 frames... other times, it can get as bad as 10 frames. It's totally random (Or it could be how it's cached into the system) I have even gone so far as to stop programs I am not using from my ""Task Manager"" (Flash, Adobe, Itunes, firefox, etc.) And even after that, I still get MAJOR slowdown. Most of the time, it's during the cinematics (No, it's not video, it's the 3D Engine being used during the cinematic moment)What's also weird is if you try to turn to look back and then look towards your goal, the slowdown will also happen. I am curious how much ""graphics"" they put into the game that it uses so much to slow down the game. The game is playable, but man, the lag/speed/ will really frustrate you. I have a LOT of newer games and I have never had a slowdown issue ever."
76561198070954168,Not Recommended,265550,11994802,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Biodeamon,"I know some pc ports of console games can be rough but this was really either a catastophic error or a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor effort.I hope whover did the coding for port has their butt to the grinder and soon, otherwise they will be receiving a lot more angry letters from disgruntled fans who dropped near $50 bucks on a pre-order just just to play blackscreen simulator 2014It was really rude of them to upgrade the regular edition to apocalpyse edition just after the pre-order expired, becase that basically sodomized everybody who paid the extra cash for bonus content THAT WAS ONLY SUPPOSED TO BE AVAILABLE TO THEM ONLY"
76561198141680588,Recommended,265550,12275142,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Daddy Dungar,Finally it works... for me anyway. Many people still don't have access to Dead Rising 3 according to the internet. But you cannot deny that this game IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AWESOME!!!
76561198105529248,Not Recommended,265550,11994832,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,markssvtcobra,"Dead Rising 3 stopped working, need i say more."
,Not Recommended,265550,11995535,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,JayyDean,"Horrible Optimazation is all I have to say.Until they release a patch to fix it up, theres no way this game is worth 50 bucks out of your wallet, its a laggy pile of mess unless you have an extremely high end PC."
76561198086162694,Not Recommended,265550,12006992,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,ATSgeoff,"I was eventually able to load the game and after a 5 minutes long nail biting wait for the ""Dead Rising 3"" opening splash screen to finish loading.  The game opened :D I went into my settings and messed around with them.  Started the game and the cut scene was sooooo jumpy and kept freezing......what the hell.  So I go back to main menu, Put all the settings down to the lowest they will go, start up the game again and it is exactly the same! poor show, this needs to be fixedI have a high performance Alienware laptop and can run a lot of demanding games on it with no problems so there should not be a problem running this game, especially on the lowest settings.I want my money back"
,Not Recommended,265550,11994881,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Creed,"honestly was looking forward to playing this for a while nowand what Loading Screen Simulator 2014 brings to the table definatley does not dissapoint""Wow. Much Loading. Very Excite. Wow. Load Baby Load"" - IGN, 11/10"
,Not Recommended,265550,12009281,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,wild turbo,"Crashes every 10 minutes, GG! 50$"
76561198100696334,Not Recommended,265550,12015158,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Montty,"Horrible Port To many issues. HAd to start my file over about 5 times. The game has to many random crashes, and it might just decide to erased your max level character for no reason. This was just on my computer though.."
76561198111745836,Not Recommended,265550,11994687,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,protoss95,"i can't believe i actually thought i could play this the day it comes out, little alone, the first week its out.  way to #$@% the bed and roll around in it lol. seriously, why ever release the game?!"
,Not Recommended,265550,11995333,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,(unknown),THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER -10 OUT OF 10. THE HARDEST PART WAS WAS GETTING PASSED THE LOADING SCREEN. GET READY TO RAGE OVER  AND OVER AGAIN ON A GAME YOU PAID FOR AND DONT EVEN GET TO PLAY.OUTFU#KENSTANDING  CAPCOM
76561198086780083,Recommended,265550,12013894,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Unknow````,this game every time i play a few min it crash it self n stop me to play . auto stop pls fix it
76561198104243993,Not Recommended,265550,12015311,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,epicpanda,"I love Deadrising, but this game is just unplayable, it takes me five minutes to wait during the loading screen, and when I play it's like watching one of those books where when you flip it fast enough you see a moving picture, it's just like that but 1000 times slower.  I was really looking foward to it, but Capcom just decided to be dumbs**ts and screw everything over.  It's a waste of $70, and I reccomend you don't buy it unless you have a god computer or something.  I just wish we could get a refund on it or something, because it's just sitting there in my library being a useless piece of s**t."
76561198018009413,Not Recommended,265550,11994869,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Vanessa,"This game is nowhere near optimized for co-op play... Was really looking forward to playing but will have to wait for patch releases.  Will hopefully change to a ""thumbs up"" in the future."
,Not Recommended,265550,14190777,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Darkshield,"No patch since last October, still no patch for optimization or crashes. gg Capcom. gg."
,Recommended,265550,32208891,Posted: 5 June,all,Raymond,"Dead Rising 3 Review Raymond KTSummary: Available exclusively for Xbox One, Dead Rising 3 marks the return of one of the most popular zombie video game franchises. Set 10 years after the events of Fortune City in Dead Rising 2, players are introduced to Nick Ramos, a young mechanic with a strange tattoo and a mysterious past, who must find a way to escape a city full of zombies before an impending military strike wipes the city of Los Perdidos, California, and everyone in it, off the map. Nick cant do it alone - he must join up with other survivors to stay alive. They must fight their way out before its too late.With an immersive open-world experience, intense action, and unmatched level of weapon and character customization, a new generation of zombie-slaying fun has arrived with Dead Rising 3.Dead Rising for me, I think will always be my favoite game. I was a little disappointed with Dead Rising 2 with no Frank; and now no Frank in Dead Rising 3.Having played Dead Rising 2 on PC, I knew what to expect from this title. Being stuck in a chaotic environment chock-full of flesh eating zombies with nothing but your wits and will to survive is just what one needs to kick the gear in motion. Speaking of gears, the protagonist this time is a bona-fide mechanic with experience in “fixing stuff.” Nick Ramos worked with his boss in a garage when the disaster struck, and with his practical experience and a bit of help from conveniently scattered blueprints, he can combine any two seemingly mundane and inoffensive objects into a deadly arsenal worthy of any action hero; yes, it’s time to bring back all those sweet weapon combos. But what sets this guy apart from Frank West and Chuck Greene? Why, vehicle combos!In Dead Rising 3, players can expect every mechanic from the previous games to return. Some of them, in my opinion, have improved. The newest and best addition is the ability to combine two vehicles into a new mass-murdering gas-guzzling hunk-‘o-junk. Is your motorcycling around Los Perdidos lack that magical amount of oomph? No more! Welding torch in hand, trusty ‘ol Nick will attach a tremendous looking steam roller to your bike, and even give it a sweet patriotic paint job to boot. Did you ever wish to have fire exhausts in front of your bike too? He’ll tack ‘em on too! Now get going, sweet flaming gore doesn’t make itself.I liked how simplified this iteration of the franchise turned out to be. Nick, having tools on hand and the experience, can produce weapon combinations on the spot without the aid of a work bench, provided he isn’t killed by the rampant crowds of enemies while doing so. He can also clean out Safe Houses which can later be visited to organize his crusades around Lost Perdidos with a lot less running around the clock. Each Safe House provides you with a Clothes Locker that lets you customize your appearance instantly (even keeping track of completed outfits!), Weapon Lockers that contain every kind of weapon you’ve picked up at least once (including combos!), and a bulletin board that lets you manage your survivor passé! Gone are the days of painstakingly watching over a ticking clock while carefully managing the resources to make your favorite weapons and test them against the horde. By unlocking a single Safe House, the hours of fun will not be cut short because you spent too many hours scrounging around for that pair of gloves that simply refuses to appear.Further on, leveling up is now directly controlled by the player. Attribute points are acquired per PP level (with bigger earnings as you reach certain milestones) and by clearing chapters. They can be applied to any one of the character attributes or combo proficiency. To elaborate further, not only are you personally involved in the growth of your character, but you can also purchase proficiencies for certain types of combos (like slash weapons, firearms, or even food combos), allowing you to use more types of materials to create the same combos in the proficiency sheet. This still requires you to know the blueprints to make it work, but with enough proficiency, you can literally combine anything with everything."
,Recommended,265550,26368182,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Digboom,"As a huge fan of the entire dead rising series, I have played every single game of the series and can say that this is a great addition to the series. Not to say that this game is perfect (no game is really perfect) but much like its flawed predecessors the game is so much fun to play that you barely notice the flaws at all.This game is significantly easier than the first two games in the series, it is much more relaxed on the time limit (6 days versus the usual 3), you can spawn weapons from the safe house (it is limited by a meter so you can't go overboard) and you can now craft combo weapons witout a crafting table.A lot of people believe that these are negatives but I believe that these all play together really well with the co-op feature. Co-op has been one of my favorite things added to the series (in fact I recently picked up the remastered edition of dead rising 2 on ps4 so I could play it with one of my good pals).  The controls in Dead Rising 3 are improved significantly, instead of scrolling through all your weapons they have now included a weapon wheel which is very helpful when you are surrounded by zombies.Speaking of zombies this game has a ton of them, I was shocked when I saw just how many zombies they crammed into the streets of Los Perdidos. The series has always been known for the staggering amount of zombies they manage to have in the games, but this one takes the cake. It feels like you are in a movie.Thankfully the developers also added vehicles (and super powerful combo vehicles) to allow you get through these hordes. Smashing through zombies is very fufilling and is an easy way to rack up kills. And I cannot stress enough how thankful I am that they added a sprint button.The game looks fantastic, even at its 720p native resolution it still blows me away and this game has great controller support which is refreshing.This game gets a lot of crap for being different than the first two games, and I'm going to be honest here there are some changes that I do not care for, I wish the story still had some deadline requirements instead of just needing to be completed before the last day and that the outside borders of the map weren't so obviously borders (the first two games took place in circularish shaped malls that for the most part did a really good job masking that there was even an out of bounds area, unlike the new map that takes place in a city). However if you let the few negative aspects of the game deter you from playing it, you are going to miss out on all the great things that are there. (Also in my experience I  never have had problems running this game, but I have been running it at its 720p resolution and I have heard that people have been experiencing problems running it at the 1080p resolution.)"
76561198067026015,Not Recommended,265550,12744321,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,thinkfloyddude,this game is not worth buying until they fix the resolution issues. plays poorly. im trying to get a refund.
,Recommended,265550,11995052,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Dr.Wild Card,"This game is great, love single player work fine and look really nice did not lag much at all but when i play with a friend there are a few bugs. if  you are wanting to kill stuff alone and go throu the story without a freind it works great but if you are doing this with a freind i would say wait for a patch."
,Recommended,265550,19448495,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Saph,"I have to admit, when I bought this game I was expecting to be annoyed by some glaring issue that would have made it almost unplayable. Thankfully I was wrong and was treated to another solid entry in the Dead Rising franchise. If you're a fan the series or just want to blow off some steam killing thousands upon thousands of zombies then I can't recommend it enough. Just make sure your potato can run it mind you!Dead Rising 3 is set in the post zombie outbreak city of Los Perdidos (Which I am convinced is just Los Angeles.) where we assume the control of one Nick Ramos. Nick is then presented with a tutorial and a couple of token introductory tasks that do a good job of teaching the player how to play in a relatively short time. After the tutorial you are given access to the city in all its destroyed, flaming, ruined, zombie-filled glory to explore as you see fit.Some neckbeard guy gives our Nick little tips and leads on side missions over the radio, but really it's up to you as the player to decide how to use the six days you have before the city is nuked to oblivion. This is where you get to the meat and potatoes of the game, the environment and the range of tools at your disposal. Want to grab a gun and use it to kill some zombies? Sure, why not. How about a Katana or Machete? Great. How about duct taping those two blades together to make a twinblade style weapon with an awesome moveset, more damage and more durability? Oh yeah, combo weapons are back and better than ever. I could write a freaking bible on just how awesome most of them are, but you should really discover the joys of crafting these implements of death for yourself.Unlike Chuck/Frank from DR2/OTR our boy Nick can craft combo weapons on the fly, no workbenches here! Another neat little addition to the crafting system is the combo vehicles. Combo. Vehicles. The first one is a motorcycle... WITH A STEAMROLLER AS ITS FRONT WHEEL! Not only that but it has a couple flamethrowers tacked onto the sides because why not? The combo vehicles are a great addition and really add another layer of depth to the game, especially in co-op mode.Grab a buddy and you can double the fun. You can share your gear, mount vehicle turrets while your buddy drives, hit them in the face with what can only me described as Mjollnir... The possibilities are (almost) ENDLESS! Whats more is that any collectables found by one player will also unlock for the other no matter how far apart you are.As a whole the game has plenty to offer and has enough replayability to have you come back from time to time. Be it leveling up, gathering collectables or just stress relief there's something for everyone... Who has some psychopathic tendancies.Come for the zombies, stay for the... Well, zombies. I know I did!"
76561198003066842,Recommended,265550,18906438,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,SuperSpesh,"I just love this game, Its sometimes hard to find online games to join. But otherwise optimization is much better then before. They have improved on this game alot."
,Recommended,265550,18625137,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,thor32123,"if you're a fan of the series then this will make a fine addition to your collection but if you still feel presured by time well this game is no different, if you play to do all the missions (even the side quests) then most of the time you'll just be hunting down missions and not free roaming the map to see what there is in the game like more blueprints, collectibles, and the random funny things that the game has to offer."
,Recommended,265550,11999260,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,musigh,10 hour spree on the first day alone.breddy gud
,Recommended,265550,25527354,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,シロ・ネコ,VERY NICE GAME.BTW I M LOOKING FOR FRND TO PLAY THIS GAME WITH ME ADD ME ANY ONE WILLING TO PLAY.
76561198148236251,Recommended,265550,31749485,Posted: 14 May,all,Comrade Red_Fox,"Sweet! During the time i hit a zombie in the nuts, killed a random dude. Destroyed a Ying yang guy. And i judo kicked someone"
,Not Recommended,265550,33271511,Posted: 5 July,all,Treewalrus,"I was hoping that I would be able to enjoy this game despite the multiple reports of horrible optimization. I love Dead Rising, and I don't even mind 30fps if it *feels* smooth and the framepacing is good. Unfortunately, this game is a choppy mess, and no amount of tweaking could get it to run smoothly on my i7/gtx1080-powered rig.  I refunded the game, since I'm not expecting much in terms of further improvement almost three years after release. :/"
76561198125561203,Not Recommended,265550,33204355,Posted: 3 July,all,DR PROCTOR,"Just joining in on the rest of the reviews that say the same thing. THIS GAME IS UNPLAYABLE. Loading screens for 10+ mins at MINIMUM graphics settings. I took every single setting down to the minimum and I do have decent specs on my pc. I have about in between the minimum and recommended specs listed in the game info. Don't waste your money even if it is still on sale for 10 bucks or whatever, this is worthless."
,Recommended,265550,30679021,Posted: 22 March,all,Wayfall,Great game!I'm running a monster rig of a i7 6800K 6-core 12-thread CPU overclocked from 3.4ghz to 4.0ghz across all cores. I have MSI GTX 1080 8GB displaying to a Gsync Dell 1440p 144hz TN panel.First off i uncapped the game by making a user.ini file and put this in it 'gmpcr_unlock_frame_rate=True' then put it in the game folder that the game .exe is in. I loaded up the game and set my resolution and Hz then went into the visuals to put everything to max (disabled motion blur.. it's horrible) put the resolution calibration from 720p to full (console port stuff...)I usually got around 85-120fps averaging 90 but dips to 65 when squishing hundreds of zombies in that roller bike vehicle which is understandable. Didn't realise thou due to Gsync.But here is the main thing to know thou. If you do uncap and your frames go about 90-100+ your inventory will keep closing on you when you try to open it. It's a bug in the code due to the uncapped framerate. Simple fix really is either look at something that dips yours frames down a bit so ye inventory stop playing up or just cap your framerate to 90fps with a third party program then everything's fine.A few things to fiddle with to get it to work but it's worth it.I mostly just kill zombies with the insane amount of combo weapons and then do an odd side quest. Prob get distracted and go skill some more zombies. What i love is that there are so many things you can pick up and use to fight of the horde in monsterous and or funny fashion... The outfits are a laugh as usual too.Brill game....LOVE IT
76561198173297090,Recommended,265550,27806610,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Despawns,Simply a one of a kind game :0
76561198083622653,Recommended,265550,12146439,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Button Mashta Leo,"at first the game worked flawlesly besides the every 20 min crash.....i downgraded my nvidia drivers like some other players suggested but.....that made it worse to 7-10 min crashes. Then i said F**K it and updated my drivers to GeForce GTX 9 for my Windows 8.1(which i hate by the way) 64-bit. After that....i have played for 3 hours without a single crash.....there was a bit of lag at the beggining but then it subsided. Note, this is a new released game ESPECIALLY ported from console to PC, so obviously it aint gonna be perfect right on the Get-Go....it does need some patches. Besides that The game in general is really good. It provides me with my hack'n'slash, zombie horde, weapon combining, Carnage needs all in one. The story can be humorous. There is a selection of new combined weapons and older ones from the first 2 dead rising games that were tweaked a bit. haven't been able to test out the multiplayer mode yet. im just currently♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥......ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY LOCK THE DOORS TO THE STRIP CLUB AND NOT ALLOW ACCESS TO ME >:(     If your PC can handle this or you are capable of withstanding the crashes till an update comes.....then by all means join us in this awesomness of a game, ONE OF US ONE OF US"
,Recommended,265550,14568212,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"In the end, there were many performance issues that this game started with, that I didn't have a lot of problems with. The game is the worst of the series that's for sure, and the combo weapons were a bunch of fun. The vehicle emphasis wasn't the greatest either. The psychopaths were awesome, but there were too little of them.It's a game to pick up on sale. Big Sale.For some more in-depth look:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVIdv1bFfhA"
76561198065810661,Recommended,265550,13810875,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Daisukin,okay i fixed it finnaly good game but its very laggy
,Not Recommended,265550,12023653,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Lt.Col. Anon XerØ,"fun until you want to play co op, and spend hours ripping your hair out on bugs that lead to even more freezes and black screens than in singleplayer."
,Recommended,265550,12059462,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Existenstial  Nihilism,"I crafted a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥launcher, and proceeded to lodge ♥♥♥♥♥♥ into a crowd of zombies skulls."
,Not Recommended,265550,15863983,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,A Bad Username (I'm an idiot),"i have 8 gigs of ram, and it still lags like hell... 10/10 IGNno but i'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,265550,34715660,Posted: 3 September,all,Pancake,This game makes me want to steal a Steam Roller in real life and go to my nearest shopping mall and run over as many people as I can... c:
76561198100021762,Not Recommended,265550,24966500,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,CannonFodder,"My copy played just fine, so I'm going to ignore the performance issues and address the game and gameplay.I've played the other Dead Rising games, and I found this to be a distant 3rd place. The problem, largely, is the setting. It may sound cool to play in an ENTIRE CITY - but unfortunately, the execution was lacking. In DR3, the city is relentlessly dark and grungy. Rather than the light, slightly offbeat tone of the last two games, this one feels very much more like every other zombie game ever made.On paper, the environment sounds like it offers good variety - there's an outdoor amphetheatre, a school, a museum, police station, and various shops. But there's little incentive to actually visit these places. You spend far too much of the game in a vehicle, simply driving from one mission point to another. The mazelike streets add additional frustration - you'll spend half the game checking your map.TL;DR: Tone of the game is too dark for a DR game, you spend too much time and effort moving around the massive map."
,Recommended,265550,15892973,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Wolfie,"Fun and Classic game if you can look past the bugs...The dead rising 3 is a fun game with joke aspects to it, the developers clearly have a sense of humor with all the small jokes they put into the game making it ton of fun to play, but they still managed to make a solid story for the game that lives up to the quality of the past Dead Rising titles.Good,Bad and the ugly:Good:Solid StoryNot too serious with ton of fun jokesCoOpSolid controls (Controller)Leveling,Exp and Skill systemBad:Short (The game can be completed relatively fast)Too easy (Wont take long to max out your level)Map/Area too smallUgly:Insane power hogOccasionally slow FPS and jaggy gameplayKeyboard controls are badIf you can look past the bugs and have a powerful machine to run this game, i highly recommend it and if your a fan of Dead Rising series it will live up to its name, i myself enjoyed the game to the very end."
,Recommended,265550,12115277,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Vulpix,Pretty much this is my favorite Dead rising
,Recommended,265550,12934201,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,TenboBlack,"Heres a few things to know if you havent gotten a clue already after reading the 3000+ reviews.First and foremore, As of now, most of the problems associated with crashes or game not loading have now been fixed, and you may now disregard the negative reviews about crashes.+The game is good. Not great, but good. If you have played the previous DR's then you will feel right at home here- the mechanics are the same except for a few minor changes.+Now, I'll be honest here, this game plays the same way the previous iterations did. You have your psychopaths, your side missions, all that fun stuff. If your a fan of zombies and blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up with a nuke you can make (I kid you not, you can blow up your entire screen with a weapon you can make) then welcome back my friend.+Survivors are much less stupid. They still have priority problems, but it's not as bad as the previous games. By priority, I mean shooting a zombie farther away when there is one literally breathing down their neck. Also, recruitable survivors have statistics, which I feel doesn't really matter anyways since they all literally act the same when they follow you.-The game gets stupid easy, which is a disappointment, because as games progress, shouldnt it be a little harder? I've played nightmare mode, level one and I had a few hiccups but playing smart always keeps you alive. Also, the game rewards you well.... um... too well perhaps. I'll tell you why:RANGE is overpowered. I said it, Range makes this game stupid easy. I get that CapCom tried to make firearms relevent in a melee like genre, but I feel like they did too much to range. Don't believe me? Build a split shot and come back to me.The ability to create Combo items anywhere. Sure, it's a nice feature, unique one at best, but makes the game too easy. I can literally find good combo weapons in any city cause it's materials arent hard to find which is a shame because it would then mean I wouldnt be using the other ten thousand combo weapons in existence. I mean cmon, you can create combo FOODS on the go ffs. Thats too much."
76561197968126090,Not Recommended,265550,12005955,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,skd_mrk,Buggy as can be.  Needs a lot of work..this should not have been released!Actually caused my computer to crash outright when I finally got to a point it would let me quit.
76561198158480061,Recommended,265550,21939261,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Skull Mc Curly,"A lot of people are complaing how terrible of a pc port this is, will I'll tell you what, the game was always running above 40 fps (with the exeptional lag spikes), and it never crashed through my roughly 24 hour gameplay once, ONCE! it was the smoothest next-gen game I've run on my pc yet. Although the game had rendering isuses, and some minor bugs/glitches, this game is about a 9/10 in my eyes, great game, worth it even at full price, buy it now."
,Not Recommended,265550,12069939,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,OhHeyImKayleigh,"cant even play this game, it's stupid... I wasted £39.99 :/ thanks alot"
,Recommended,265550,12253520,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,nurfed,I will be honest I was quite dissapointed that they decided to limit the game to that of the xbox one experiance. But its still a really fun game
,Recommended,265550,23900851,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Swhkiller,"Since this game has major work onit and the 60fps on it now, i think i can safely safe i can spend plenty of time on this now. all the zombies doesn't lag and plays really smoothly nice quite enjoyable! i can recommened others to buy this and get the same enjoyment out of it, I have Nivida and works perfect. Also there is alot more Weapon combinations and cars etc, to cause blood shed and endless blood shed to the undead! as being in the sale id take this chance to get this game :) 10/10"
76561198069786301,Not Recommended,265550,12131775,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Spooky Mikolai,"Welcome to Lag Rising 3 the game that has you lagging,crashing and any other problem that valve or gaben himself is taking too long to fix. until that time arrives please enjoy the fact you've wasted money buying the Lag simulator that was supposed to be Dead Rising 3."
76561198063992031,Recommended,265550,27077279,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Orange,Good game. Fun with all the dlc stories too
76561198071607131,Recommended,265550,22038669,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,SLAMT1LT,"Reading the reviews for this game nearly put me off.  But I'm smart enough to realise that not all PCs behave in the same way.  So I went for it and I'm blown away by how good this game is.Firstly, it runs like a charm on my AMD CPU/ nVidia GPU combo.  Some minor technical issues do exit - the near-sighted object pop in being the most obvious, but nothing ruins the fun of playing the game.  And it's an absolute blast!  So much better than DR1 and DR2 in my opinion.In fact, this game is so good, I'm actually considering buying an XBONE just to play this on my 50 inch living room telly.Buy it, try it and, if it runs ok on your system, keep it and enjoy it.A zombie flesh eating 8.5/10 from me."
,Not Recommended,265550,21936208,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Danny,game was released in 2014. still has combatibality issues in 2016 with amd cards. Purely the devs fualt.... don't buy if you have windows 10 and amd card... rip
,Recommended,265550,12076489,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Darkhowler,"i was ify about buying this game, with all the negative reviews for the PC version about it CTD, not functioning properly, blah blah blah.I installed it today and its been running fine (knock on wood). I am up to chapter 2 or 3 i think and have not had 1 even minor glitch of the game, so if some kind of patch was released since yesterday then awesome, thank you to the devs who fixed the issue, if not then its just bad luck, or you were trying to modify one of the files to unlock FPS or something. Either way, im running max graphics with V-sync off and have not encountered any sort of issue.is it worth buying? so far im going to say yes! this game is fun, the graphics are beautiful, and controlling is great. ( I use xbox 360 after glow.) so as far as i can tell its a great game."
,Not Recommended,265550,12732442,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Oodsigma,i bet this would be a great game but....... ya know ...... really F***ed up port for the game and the fps sucks so much!!! donr reccomend until its fixed!
76561197971877162,Recommended,265550,12019282,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Asses of Fire,"DR3 is a tough game to review.  If you were a fan of 1 and 2 then you'll probably like 3.  It has the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ no sense characters and paper thin plot that got the first 2 installments by.  If you're looking for immersion in a zombie apocalypse game then this isn't it.  You go around a map and mash the mouse buttons to kill zombies without any sense of aim.I was a fan of DR1 but hated 2.  I almost didn't want to buy DR3 but needed a new zombie game fix.  Take a look at the minimum requirements first before throwing down 50 bucks.  Alot of Nvidia users are having issues, me not being one of them.  But you do need a decent rig to handle this game.  I havea  660 with 8Gigs of ram and i struggle to play it at high settings at 720p.  If i go to 1080 the frames get cut literally in half.  Even with a Nvidia Titan you would struggle to get 60 fps.  The port simply isn't optimized for nvidia cards and so plays fairly poorly on even the best PC's.  On average I hold 45 fps with alot of zombies on screen but bare in mind that is 720p at medium settings."
76561197970198173,Not Recommended,265550,23520100,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Cannon Fodder,"Dead Rising 2 was overall better experience than this one.DR3 has too sluggish performance, which is around 30fps or less."
,Recommended,265550,12574240,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Souper,Gub gaen
,Not Recommended,265550,33122476,Posted: 2 July,all,PITTY,"would be great if they updated it to run smoothly and decently with less bugs, better yet get it to launch properly for windows 10"
,Recommended,265550,23910995,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nihil Reich,fun game meh port
53025230953253253,Recommended,265550,28634959,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Crasherbasher,"Despite being pretty laggy, and not that much to talk about in it, I still enjoy it.It's pretty fun to play and mess around in a while."
,Recommended,265550,30477894,Posted: 12 March,all,sleepy as,I think it's good. Over the top weapons though.
,Not Recommended,265550,12003516,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,@VicesAdulation,"I am running this on 12 core haswell, with x2 780m's in SLI 32GB RAM.  I am at level 50.Gameplay: Mostly hacking up/shooting or driving over zombies. Objective driven with blueprints. You will be running back and forwards alot! Gets boring very quickly. Story drives the game which wasn't impressive.The graphics are not as good as WatFrame (free to play).VERDICT: Wait until its on sale if you reallly want it. Plenty of other zombie killers out there.www.vicesandadulation.com"
,Not Recommended,265550,33328769,Posted: 6 July,all,Devil_Shad0w,"So much travel without fast travelit's over travelling and most of the time without any reasonliterally you will take main mission from begging of the map and the fight will be the end of the mapafter you finshed fighting , you know what to do .fun but  ,  definitely will waste your time more than money"
76561198131467069,Recommended,265550,13267478,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,xxxklingtacion,"This game works so good, no problems , no lagging!I dunno why peopole complain about this. Buy a better computer.9/10"
76561198081709320,Not Recommended,265550,13916727,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,CommiKazi,"Bought this game after looking at the requirements and didn't bother to read the reviews.This game worked fine from the start. Played a few missions then went to bed.Next day, start playing it, crash.Start up pc, game works, play a little, crash.Start up pc, start game, get pass the start screen, crash.start up pc, start game, continue, loading screen, crash.^^^^^ Repeat last action = story of my life when it comes to this game.My reccomendation, don't buy until you read the patch notes and they say they've worked on optimization. I can run DayZ, Arma 3, Battlefield 4 fine so this game shouldn't be a problem. But it is. And the devs don't seem to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥either."
,Not Recommended,265550,13646069,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Dumle,Awful port. Technical problems everywhere and terribly optimized.
76561197993592687,Not Recommended,265550,13650786,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,{FITH}™ DaxxonFord {FA},its like zombies ate the brain of who ever ported this thingdoesn't workbut it on consoleor maybe just watch somebodies lets play I guessthe last patch was months ago and it fixed a minor problem that nobody cared aboutIm just so dissappointed
76561198131170236,Not Recommended,265550,13670191,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,s4M,Doesnt ♥♥♥♥ing work
76561198050813592,Not Recommended,265550,13665993,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,graveyard.stoner,This is the most terrible port i have ever payed for
76561198140410274,Not Recommended,265550,13664357,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Monk Wisdom,my fault for not reading the reveiws. bought the game and made it past the first mission before i had to quit. way to much lag.
76561198055555262,Not Recommended,265550,14906154,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Terickle,"a lot of potential...but bad graphics optimizations........BSOD,crashes,flickering and more"
,Not Recommended,265550,14944571,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,Let's be clear: it's not Dead Rising anymore. This highly ambitious and at the same time pathetic attempt at imitating what once was a strong and promising franchise is not worth any attention.
76561198130722438,Not Recommended,265550,14941401,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,RikuDrakeYven,my problem with it is the fraps issue i cant play when it moves so slow that i would have to give up playing this
,Recommended,265550,16579409,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sprocketfix,"This is not a review of the game but a message to ppl who dont buy this cuz of ""this is a bad port""-guys. Do NOT listen to them guys, they got stone pc. Cuz this game runs great. ""this is a bad port"" <-- NOPE. This game is not a bad port. I have this game on my Xbox One aswell, and this game is BETTER on the pc. The Xbox One is locked at 720p and 30fps, bad as hell. In the PC versjon you can get 1080p AND you can get rid of the 30fps cap - like HyPn0o wrote in he's review, and it worked! ty man :)Now i will play this on my PC (with better graphics) rather than my Xbox One♥♥♥♥♥♥that i cant fix fps on :)"
,Recommended,265550,11990522,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Forden,I reccomend this game certainly to those who have computers which can run high graphics.Problems:People with not very good graphic cards are unable to play.For some strange reason it doesn't have text chat.
,Not Recommended,265550,12023313,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Hollowlord,"Warning to Laptop users with Nvidia graphics.  Currently, this game does not work with laptops using Optimus.  Capcom says that there is a patch incoming.  I would wait on confirmation before buying"
76561198271816638,Recommended,265550,30156469,Posted: 24 February,all,MANAZ_AMK,Nah Yeah she's good
76561198095815823,Recommended,265550,18314701,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,StormMaster,"despite the mixed reviews I find this game very fun, the sheer amount of zombies that  can be on your screen at the same  time is great, the 100s of weapon combos are great. just running through the zombies with your 2 chainsaw swords cutting them to pieces is a very fun experience. there are issues with the fps as some people have probably already stated, its locked at 30 unless you tweak it yourself. overall a great zombie experience that has a few issues. buy on sale8/10"
76561198046238971,Recommended,265550,21896478,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Captain Cutler,"Great, but better with friends"
,Recommended,265550,12061827,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,emercom,such zombieswowawesome co-opI like it
,Not Recommended,265550,21289975,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Bushdoctah,♥♥♥♥ THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥BUGGY CRASH HAPPY GAME!  WASTE OF MONEY!
76561198106200106,Recommended,265550,27702117,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AlexSupers,"""are you...calling me....FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
76561198048530892,Recommended,265550,29299036,Posted: 16 January,all,Nelson,i like this game !  but its dunt support to my video card form up corssfire be able to !  the graphic is very well ! i  were setting  of highest!
76561198009458556,Not Recommended,265550,12063975,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,sirchogalog,"Best £40 I ever spent. The gameplay is a little too simplistic, so lost a point for that; however I'm currently super stuck on the the first boss {spoilers} ""dead rising 3 has stopped working"".9/10 - Top banana./sarcasm"
76561198065477910,Not Recommended,265550,12500674,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Cove,"It started out fine and it does have a fun combat system. The voice acting and graphics are also great. Although near halfway through, the story just plummeted. I couldn't care about the characters in the story. They just seemed hollow and incoherent. At this point I started seeing a lot the game ""progression"" turning into filler and busy work. All the back and forth over the bridge becomes old fast. Even under the influence of alcohol the last half still bored the hell out of me. That's pretty hard to do... If it were free I'd recommend it. Too much money for what  it has to offer."
76561198122399851,Recommended,265550,19909273,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Mumble,"This game DOES  have a bad port, I didn't notice it that badly at first, but then I realised there was a 30fps limit. I found a way to fix this just by a simple google search.If I payed anymore than $15 I could not reccomend this game, but it was on sale during the holidays. This game is lots offun, I really enjoy the idea.Think of Dying Light but it's in a GTA V style. This is what you will buy.8/10"
76561198041960967,Not Recommended,265550,21889542,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,UmbreonGSC,"I like how it doesn't work, me and my friend played about 20 minutes and the rest was us trying to fix the game. Good Port/2"
,Not Recommended,265550,12485190,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,KingM,"Dead Rising 3The sequel to Dead Rising 2.StoryYou play as Nick Ramos, some casual mechanic who is somehow immune to the zombie infection.As you traverse the Zombie Apocalyptic Los Perididos, you meet some of the most unsavory, forgettable characters of the entire Dead Rising Franchise, each of them making their problems yours.GameplayA good majority of the gameplay and objectives result in fetch quests, rescue survivor x, defeat psychopath y.If you played any of the previous dead rising games, this should sound familiar and almost reassuring, right?Wrong, the obnoxious easy difficulty of the game is a insult to any fan of the series or any newcomer.The item combinations of the game are uninspiring and the weapon locker in the game completely ruins the challenge.Final VerdictI absolutelycan't recommendthis game to anyone, whether its a fan of the Dead Rising series, Zombie addict, Day Z player, Walking Dead fan or someone who just likes video games.I believe the easy difficulity ruins the gameplay and forces you to be godlike at very early levels.+The game is even easier in coop+The only good merit about this game is how they fit a lot of zombies on the screen at once.That being said, If you want to purchase this game, I'd probably wait until the game goes on sale."
,Recommended,265550,12358290,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,NH | Carnage,"Please note that for this review, I will be purely reviewing the game itself and not how it performs on PC. However, if you would like to know, it had very bad performance issues and bugs which were fixed after 1-2 weeks after it was released. The game is pretty stable now and should work fine for most users. The game has a 30 FPS cap which can be disabled. However, disabling it causes some bugs (for me, anyway) and most of you will not be able to get a steady 60 fps. The zombie animations are also coded at 30 fps so the game might seem a little fast. Please note that you need a very strong PC to run this game and you need an even stronger PC to run it at a stable 60 FPS as it is poorly optimized but is slightly better now.Dead Rising 3 is a fun zombie killing games. It isn't a serious zombie killing game and has many absurd and weird combo weapons which can be created and outfits which are equally as funny and weird. The campaign, however, is pretty serious but don't let that stop you from buying this game. I completed it within 2-3 days (around 6-8 hours each day) and there still was a lot of things left to unlock and a lot of combo weapons left to find. If you do not know what combo weapons are, Dead Rising 3 allows you to combine weapons anywhere unlike the previous Dead Rising games and they are stronger than the usual weapons. You can also combine food and vehicles now. The city in Dead Rising 3 is huge and you will definitely miss certain areas of the city after completing the campaign for the first time. The graphics in Dead Rising 3 are okay and they definitely look better than the previous games. Dead Rising 3 also allows a HUGE amount of zombies on screen which increases the fun. Survivors and day and night cycles are still in Dead Rising 3 and survivors now have much more health and won't die as easily. They also do a pretty good job of following you. As for night, zombies still turn stronger and more dangerous when it is night. The timer in Dead Rising 3 is drastically increased and you have PLENTY of time to do the main missions and side missions. For those who would like the old stressful timer back, they can play nightmare mode which decreases the timer by a lot and make the zombies tougher, making you choose wisely on what you should do.  There is a new skills menu in Dead Rising 3 which allows you to unlock special abilities by using attribute points. Attribute points are earned when you level up which requres PP. PP can be earned by killing zombies (especially with combo weapons), doing missions, fighting psychopaths, saving survivors and more. There are many opportunities to earn PP in this game so do not worry about that. However, most of the time, you will not be able to max out all your skills in one playthrough, making you do another. There are seven psychopaths in Dead Rising 3, each one more challenging than the other. Overall, this game is the best Dead Rising game in the series in my opinion and if you are looking for a fun, not serious, zombie killing game, then this is the game for you. Just ensure you meet the minimum specs at least and you should be fine. Dead Rising 3 will keep bringing you back to play more due to its fun experience and many unlockables. I have completed it 2 times on Story Mode, doing my third time now on Nightmare Mode and I think it will be an enjoyable experience for most of you aside from the performance issues which are not as bad now.Score:9/10"
,Not Recommended,265550,17731103,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,In The Sand,I was really excited to play this game when I first got it because it looked like something different. It is fun for a bit but soon enough the game just becomes bland. For me the characters even the main character were not very enjoyable. Combat was very bland and was the same thing over and over. I just can not reccomend anyone getting this game because I regret getting it.
,Recommended,265550,12012322,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Tie-Wearing Sheep,"I honestly enjoyed this game, but I made a mistake by getting it for PC. I recommend you to buy this game for your Xbox One if you have one."
,Not Recommended,265550,21933526,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,☣LegendarySpartan*☭,Great game but crashes every 5 minutes. Bummer -_-
76561198052668440,Recommended,265550,12873752,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Myapocalypse,"Great game if you can get working.Not for low end computers.BUUUT BE WARNED, it may not work on some computers. I think compatibility issues.2/3 computers that I own that it has worked on with reccomended system requirements but im sure Patches will fix this."
76561197979795578,Not Recommended,265550,18008985,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Wojtek,Cons-poorly ported-annoying map hard to move around-non zombie enamies way to hard to killtakes a full LMG  to kill one guy of 12-dlc + hideout = god weapons make game to cheap-story is not great kind of the same as always-game was ment to be played with controller-way to many guns gernades and ranged weapons in the map losesfun and survival factor-zombies climb moving vehicles makes it hard to drive ya i know that is the pointbut people cant mount a car going 30-50km i dont think a zombie couldand it happens every few secs- more stuff im probly forgetting right nowpros- ........ they tried- graphics-vehicle mods intersting and cool- new blue printsResolution ----- DONT BUYsecound was better .... well till the stupid green zombies which im sure will come back in this one
76561198046038184,Not Recommended,265550,17516154,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Big Boss,♥♥♥♥
76561198035713009,Not Recommended,265550,25412462,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Vanaja,"Just lost my entire game progress, so play at your own peril. 30 hours of gameplay gone, with all the weapons, blueprints etc.Otherwise I had fun playing it but can't really give this a thumbs up, this is inexcusable.I'm not alone on this, so disable steam cloud and keep a backup of your save game, at least that seems to be the general info out there."
,Not Recommended,265550,23900349,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Jason,30fps cap.
76561198281960704,Recommended,265550,31220096,Posted: 18 April,all,BreTTzz,Story 10/10Zombies 10/10Weapons 10/10Buildings u can go inside 9/10Cars 9/10One of the best zombies game i have every played the story is just so good
,Recommended,265550,11994372,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ToxicFox,Game Is Great loveing it the zombie killing fun with combo wepons and more the boss are great two9/10for still no twinkies
,Recommended,265550,12003052,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,[TAVOG] 武士道 Stevo,"First up: Try playing the game without the damn 60fps ""fix"". I can run it maxed out without the uncap smoothly besides cutscenes which seem to lag whatever the case.Besides that this game is god damn epic!Coming from DR1 and DR2 which was trying to force the zombie survival on you DR3 feels like they've combined the Saints Row franchise with a zombie apocalypse where you go all out nuts and have a blast swinging giant weapons of mass carnage to driving things that look like they're out of a Mad Max movie.At the moment if you can handle the 30fps you're going to have a ball but anyone else who really wants to run it at 60fps will need to wait for patches and driver support of some kind."
76561198014242216,Recommended,265550,12065162,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Murder Toys,"First off I had no problems with this game ( no crashe's ) the game plays great at 30 fps most the people saying the game is unstable is because they have edited the .ini file to allow uncapped fps. the story is pretty good and the zombie killing is great fun the only problem i have with the game is how broke the ElectroIce Staff + fire staff , its a item that u can get pretty much at the start of the game and if u hunt around the safe home your find the super combo version once you have it sadly it only took me on day 3 in game to hit l50 and fully maxxed out. one of the best things about this game ( zombie count) is one of itsbiggest down falls with this supercombo weapon u can farm or run around the map and get l50 in 2 hours tops...fun game and worth the money i feel i loved the other dead rising and this one is really super"
76561198151598425,Recommended,265550,16685167,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,PcAddict,its fun to play but you get bored with it quite fast.
,Not Recommended,265550,13665548,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Shoguth,Don't buy this picked it up on the Christmas sale. Multiple Crashes / reboots / now it crashes to a black screen when I am trying to load. Waste of money
76561198074172073,Recommended,265550,15574063,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,N'DEEEEE(got tattoo'ed),I actually have fun with this game and idk why ppl gave a bad review
,Recommended,265550,12067879,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Jacksu,"This game is just ♥♥♥♥ing great (Despite all the crashing and fps drops, because it was just released *for pc*) the story is great and the most important thing,you can craft a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shooteryou can craft awesome weapons to kill dem zombieeesss."
,Recommended,265550,11998037,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,swedders,"Ahhhh Dead Rising. Well, Dead Rising is one of my favorite series just to muck about and have lots of fun in, and this game is definitely no exception. Dead Rising 3 is full of fun toys and trinkets to maim and mutilate with, and the map itself is pretty dense. There's lots of enterable buildings, and it feels like you're really in a city. The main character is a pretty goofy young guy, but he's pretty likeable, moreso than the other protagonists of Dead Rising. The story itself is a bit wobbly and isn't that great, but it's pretty alright.The most fun however is being able to slaughter all the zombies on the streets of Los Perdidos, and it's even better than before. The gameplay has been upped tremendously from Dead Rising 2, where picking up weapons and eating food are much more fluent and everything just flows nicely. There's tons of zombies on screen which is pretty impressive considering none of them look alike. Also there's a sprint button finally so you don't have to leisurely stroll away from your death.Now all of this is good fun, but there is one giant glaring issue with this game and that's the optimization of this port. I have a stable rig that can run games that are more graphically intense than Dead Rising 3 without a problem, yet I seem to be having tons of framerate and rendering issues. There's lots of pop-up and framerate loss, and sometimes some models don't even show up, so it looks like I'm driving and invisible steam roller. Plus the FOV is horrendous. Hopefully, Capcom will fix this or a modder will come along and make something that will fix these problems (i.e. Dark Souls, Saints Row 2). I would give this port a 9/10 simply because of the fun and bloodshed that this game allows me to have, but sadly because of the terrible optimization and such, It gets a 7/10. Hopefully, if a patch is released that makes the game stable on PC, then it'll bump right back up to a 9."
,Not Recommended,265550,30373103,Posted: 7 March,all,Robin-169,Crashes too often. Seems Capcom doesn't care since it's been about 3 years since Dead Rising 3 was released. Also the game being locked at 30fps is stupid.
76561197979521051,Not Recommended,265550,12734404,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,MarketPlacePanic!,awful port...buyer beware.
,Recommended,265550,12167525,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,SPACE RAPTOR,"Dead Rising 3 is the third in a series of games that pretty much lowered the value of a zombie as a horrirfying enemy. No longer are zombies scary, but instead cannon fodder that even a casual little kid can destroy in the thousands. Since I beat the game 100% along with all achievements, I think my opinion matters more than most. Ignore all the fools who rank this game low because their rig was not powerful enough to handle it on max settings. I ran the game just fine maxed out. Yes, I had the game locked at 30 FPS, but big deal. If that is their complaint, they must have terrible eyesight, because I see everything just fine. Stop being a nitpicking crybaby and learn to play. Dead Rising 3 is a good game, but nowhere near as good as the amazing Dead Rising 1 and Dead Rising 2. They severely dumbed it down to make it accessible for the casuals, non gamers, and new gamers. It's main problem is that it has absolutely no challenge. They turned the standard mode from the past DR games into ""Nightmare mode"", which is no nightmare. It's a joke. All it is, is story mode with a timer. That timer combined with the escorting of survivors is what gave the classic DR games their challenge. There is no escorting survivors back to the safe room like in the old DR games. Very horrible idea. One of my favorite parts in the old DR games was gathering up survivors and managing a group to get them back to the safe room within the time limit. It gave the game challenge and replayability. It always felt different each time I played. On DR3 everything feels too static and linear. You get a posse of survivors to follow you, but they act more like AI teammates than survivors. AI teammates are not needed anyways since the game is so easy you can do it without them. I didn't once bother getting a AI team set up. All they would do is slow you down anyways. At least having to escort survivors would give a legitimate challenge and stay true to the original. The game is not bad just because it is simplified compared to the last DR games, it's just lacking the gameplay features that made me love the series to begin with. Graphically, the game is great looking with realistic looking characters. They are not quite next gen, but with the amount of zombies on screen at once, it is obvious why this game was not possible on the last generation of consoles. If you thought there were tons of zombies on screen at once on DR1 and 2, you have not seen anything yet. In the early chapters, the amount of zombies is on par with the last two DR games, but when you get to the later chapters, the city is practically a sea of zombies. The map design is alright. Not as great as DR1's Willamette Mall and DR2's Fortune City, but it gets the job done. The amount of weapons are awesome. I especially liked how you could craft stuff out of anything. If they would have kept crafting tables instead of crafting stuff out of thin air, it would have gave the game some much needed challenge. The music is terrible. I didn't really care for the soundtrack. Sounded bland and cheesy. The last 2 DR games had good soundtracks, especially DR1. Controls are fine, and feel pretty much the same as the past two DR games. One major problem though, is that there are barely any unarmed moves. Frank West and Chuck Greene had a bigger variety of moves to use on zombies. This is a good game, just not a classic, which is disappointing to me since DR1 and DR2 are two of the few games from last gen that I would put up there with some of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,265550,20340032,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Senopati,"The hate review was originally from HIGH LEVEL hardware user that cannot maintain maximal satisfaction.For me?One lenghty word :AAAAAAAAAAAMMAAAAAAAAAAAAAZZZIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!30 FPS LOCK was no big deal for me :)The graphic options was really generousThe game was spot onGameplay was funSeriously, BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,265550,20362410,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Starstrike,"Okay. No doubt this game here is a pretty bad port. I can say that it has many MANY problems but it's still a lot of fun.So the story: The story starts with Nick. The main protagonist of the game. And that's pretty much all you need to know. It's the typical Dead Rising kind of thing. Zombies, Backstabs and general mysteries one must find to get the true ending.Here's the kicker though. I finished my first playthorough and got the S ending. Soooo... I got the best ending in the game on my first try. At least with the other games, It was a LITTLE harder. At least the game lasts though. Lots of content and lots of things to do with lots of fun even though the last standoff is annoying.Gameplay!: So... This game is significantly easier than the other Dead Rising games. Now you'll most likely need to level up a lot to beat the game with the true ending but side missions pop up a lot, some zombies get you lots of points and going on a massive killing spree gets you TONS of points. Leveling up is pretty easy and if played right, getting to the true ending should be pretty easy.The survivors in the game are a lot easier to manage and there aren't as many in the game as previous. Only 25 to be found. So easy easy all around. I myself have only died like... 3 times in the entire game.So if you want a fun time creating wapon combos and killing zombies in fun ways, this game is for you.Graphics!: So no doubt this game looks pretty nice. Characters look good, enviroments look good, weapon models look nice. Overall, not much wrong in the visual department.I did have some problems though. Popin. There's a lot of it. Textures, items and zombies themselves have problems loading up sometimes. Other than that, everything looks nice. Especially the gore.Overall: This game is alright. I think it's worth a sale price. Bought this for about 15 bucks and got more than my money's worth. It was a lot of fun and I'll be playing this game quite a bit more.Just keep in mind, This is a pretty bad port and you'll need to do some messing around to get the game's 30 FPS cap off. Yyyyyep. 30 FPS cap. Not that I mind it myself but I know people like smoother framerates."
,Recommended,265550,15598621,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,pedr0 [PT],helloso here we are dead rising 3 apocalypsewhat i have tought about this gamegreat game if you like to kill zombiesthe variation of weapons is amazinggraphics are awesomethe only thing i didnt like was the multiplayer mode they could have simplified it more but the vocal idea is awesomeIF i recomend this game i would say its a must ^^enjoy it fellas
,Not Recommended,265550,17949275,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Level1noob,30 Lock !
76561197973524378,Not Recommended,265550,15835020,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Caliburn,"Don't buy, even if your computer is top of the line.Despite the terrible reviews regarding this game's graphic performance, there were a number of reviews stating that the game runs well on a good computer, so I decided to pick it up during a %50 off sale. I purchased a new computer from ""Goodest"" Buy (I don't like to name companies in reviews for other products, so you figure out what Goodest means) just 3 weeks ago. I got one of their top of the line set ups. The only thing lacking is the RAM is only 12 gb. Still, the recommended RAM for this game is only 8 and the minimum is 6. I'm way over the recommended specs across the board. Still, this game runs terribly. The load times are long, the cut scenes are choppy, when I stop moving forward my character always takes an extra step, combat is a mess. It's a shame, because I love the Dead Rising series, but at this point I've spent more time trying to optimize the graphics than actually playing the game. I was planning on upgrading my RAM anyways, and hopefully that helps, but it's so bad I honestly doubt it. I probably won't be able to play this game until I buy another new computer some years from now.Bottom line: Understand you're gambling with your money if you buy this game.Update: I found a low specs patch that loads through a program called Ragnos1997 Client. It plays the game through a windowed screen, so I changed my desktop background to black, put all my desktop icons behind the window, and hid my taskbar. I'm playing on a 32 inch TV screen, so the window is actually a little bigger then my old laptop's screen. The quality of graphics is obviously downgraded, and pick up items and some objects literally materialize (think Star Trek teleportation) when you get within about 25 in game feet. The load times are just as long, the cut scenes are a lot better, but most importantly I can actually play. I still wouldn't recommend the game, but if you already have it I highly recommend the low specs patch."
,Recommended,265550,23878465,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,zose,after uncapping the 30fps limit and actaully being able to experience the game it is really fun. if you like killing zombies in brutal ways this is for you
,Not Recommended,265550,12737713,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,narcoleptic_rage,"Would be a good game if it didn't crash so much!If you get the game I reccomend that you save at every opportunity you get because it will crash sooner or later, guaranteed, it's not a matter of if but when!"
76561198128853187,Not Recommended,265550,14295769,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,TEH SLORDGE,why i only have 4 gb of ram instead of 6  the game is trash for me why i got it to avoide buying x box 1 well bad mistake!!!!!WARNING IF 6 GB OG RAM NOT IN YOUR PC DONT BUY WARNING!!!!!
,Not Recommended,265550,13678194,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,LittleRedLegend,"See, I beat loading simulator and crash simulator. NOW I leveled up to lag simulator. You have obstacles such as running, jumping, and don't get me started on that boss ""Beat a Level"". You all thought Goat Sim was great? Buy this and get a bunch of sims in one! Right now if you buy it you also get ""tear out my hair"" simulator and ""rise of the blood pressure"" as an added bonus. Seriously. ♥♥♥♥. This. Lag. I have a brand new Asus and feel like this thing would make some $4000 laptop out there slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥too. Why. Just why."
,Not Recommended,265550,12323447,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,The Bubblegum Squirts,This game is THE REASON capcom is dying. terrible port. terrible gameplay. terrible graphics.STILL FUNNY HOW FAILBOX ONE COULDNT HOLD THIS AS AN EXCLUSIVE!3/10 AT ITS BESTCYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198113217963,Not Recommended,265550,21445389,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Nipa:],doesnt even work and i dont know can i get ma money even back:(
76561198185972143,Not Recommended,265550,19747469,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,cloudmanwalkeris,"Looks good and there is some fun to be had for a few hours. At the end of the day its a gore fest, no point to it at all but it should keep someone who just likes to rip apart zombies happy. If you like a decent story and a game with some goals in it then this will totally dissapoint. Expensive and plain pointless."
,Recommended,265550,11996713,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Remix Dave,"Might not have much hours but from playing it so far the game is awesome, awesome campaign and co op. One of the most fun I have had in a long time. Did not think I was going to have this much fun but I strongly recomend the game to everyone out there. It is a must have."
76561198143288039,Not Recommended,265550,13022909,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,stiven35,do not get this game till they patch it fully i bought the game and a when i played it the start up said capcop then to dr3 and stayed that way with out loading under it someone pls help
,Recommended,265550,12893111,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,JMask IVsP,"Haven't played much, but from what I've experienced thus far - it's awesome. I've always been a fan of the franchise and this game is even more fun whenever you play coop. My only complaint is that, at first, the game was extremely laggy and had a low FPS rate. But since the updates  I haven't encountered too much lag; but my friend (who I play coop with) has been experiencing an issue where he gets kicked out of the game (to his desktop screen) every hour or so. This had made it somewhat frustrating to us, but it's tolerable I suppose."
,Recommended,265550,23632024,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,NACHOOOOOO,"if you like a zombie game, that you can mess about and think of stupid stuff to do, then you wanna buy this game, comes with everything that you can think of, to make items out of....... don't ask me like what... just don'tBUTthis game is mint just like the over games it's fun, it'll be more fun if you have a friend to join along with you in this game"
,Not Recommended,265550,22006532,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Danny12343,"Pros- Killing zombies-Driving is pretty coolCons♥♥♥♥♥♥poor port-30 FPS CAP unless you edit system files...-controls feel clunky-horrible attempt at a port-graphics seem downgraded from Dead Rising 2..Stay away from this if you have a high end PC like me, it will just give you issues."
,Recommended,265550,22012914,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,MrFudgee,gud game
,Recommended,265550,11999647,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,TheBigBoss666,"*Before I start this review I need to say that my computer is a pretty powerful one, so I am not sure about preformance issues on average pcs*I really wanted this game, ever since it was annnounced for the Xbox One, but it was one of the only games I wanted to play on that console so I skipped getting it...anyways, I am a big fan of the dead rising series and really wanted to play this game.I will say this, a lot of people are having  tons of issues with the game, and there is this dumb 30 fps cap.people say that it's a bug filled mess, but I have yet to experiance any issue and thanks to jbneoh's guide to remove the 30fps cap, I enjoyed a solid 60fps experiance.So, issues aside, how is the game?In my opinion it's a pretty good game, the game is bizzare and crazy as ever, the world is fun to explore, and there are a ton of zombies to kill!But I must say the the mini-map isn't very well designed, it doesn't show you if items of interest are under  you, above you, of on your level, which is pretty annoying at times, also, the follower AI is one of the worst AI I've seen in a while, they try to shoot through cars, they get stuck on stuff and so I just rather go alone.I haven't tried the co-op yet, but I'm guessing it's the same as in dead rising 2 and if that is the case, then it is a great fun.at the end of day, I'd recommend this game if you have a powerful pc, even though it's a hassle fixing a lot of thing by yourself,but if you have the option to get it on the Xbox One, get that version, because it doesn't have all the issues.Score:7.1/10, and if they fix the issues for everyone then an 8.3/10."
76561198067487538,Recommended,265550,23771383,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,PISTASHIO,"Its a good experience,but it would be all the way greater with a friend"
,Recommended,265550,12009398,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,rawdogmeat4,"Felt I should add my input since a bunch of people are negatively reviewing DR3 for the wrong reasons. When a game comes out, it'll have bugs; You have no right to negatively review it Day 1 just because it had some minor and a couple game-breaking bugs that were clearly all fixed the exact same night, which is when I started playing and I'm having zero problems so far. The game IS playable, so I request that all the nay-sayers update their reviews so there's no blatant lies being told about the game because it'll turn people away from a so far great game.Will update as I go:Graphics - 8/10 - May not be Ultra maxed out Crysis 3 settings, but they're as good as I expect from the Dead Rising Franchise.Sound - 7/10 - I only put 7 until I find out if the character voice echoing is coming from the game itself or just from my headset; Otherwise everything else sounds fine.Gameplay - 9/10 (So far) - Same basic fighting mechanics of Dead Rising, but upgraded with a few minor welcomed tweaks (Magazines no longer taking up inventory space, performing awesome-looking kill streak combo moves, survivors don't need to be babysat constantly and are actually more useful in combat ((Thank you, Capcom!)))Co-op - No comment so far as I'm doing my first playthrough Singleplayer only.Complaints - My only real complaint so far is the changed saving mechanic. You can now save anytime [in Normal Story Mode], and to me it feels like the game is much easier than it needs to be since I can save, quit, and feel like I don't have any pressure of surviving like I did from the previous games.In conclusion, I recommend Dead Rising 3 with credibility as a Day 1 participant and I hope other people will enjoy it as much as I am so far."
,Recommended,265550,12354508,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Alt-Right,"Roses are red, and violetes are blue and my♥♥♥♥♥♥is hard."
,Not Recommended,265550,11994877,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,HelixTGFA,"Welcome to Los Lagos, where the city would not stop lagging! Only for a price that should be 99% off, $49.99! Wow! What a steal! What a TOTAL WASTE OF MY MONEY"
,Recommended,265550,12009762,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Crow,"Chaotic fun at it's best!!I also had the ""Dead Rising 3 has stopped working"" Crash , but after downgrading my nvidia drivers to 337.xx it plays smooth , Yeah the 30FPS cap sucks , but it never dips below even when there is 1000's of zombies on screen, in one or 2 cutsences it drops to like 20fps ,but hey it's a cut scene right?Graphics are great and gameplay is a blast. 10 hours in and enjoying every moment.I hope the devs will fix the crashing and frame caps at a later stage.Gameplay : 8/10Graphics : 9/10Sound : 8/10Fun factor : 11/10overall : 7/10 (took off a point for the current problems)"
,Recommended,265550,12011303,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Hydrode,CANT EVEN ♥♥♥♥IN PLAY IT NOW?  I LOAD THE GAME THEN IT CRASHES WHETHER IT'S SINGLE PLAYER OR MULTI.
76561198070405078,Not Recommended,265550,15840843,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Darth Rhinox,"After 17 hours of loading time on my gaming computer (which can run skyrim perfectly on highest graphics with no lag) i give up. I was extremely excited for this game and i do not play xbox, so i am deeply annoyed. Thank you Capcom for completely F*****g me over. Last game i EVER buy from you guys i dont care what the game is! Learn to properly put games on a PC!!!!"
,Not Recommended,265550,15849579,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Admiral Durgon,"This game, is made by capcom, enough reason for me not to buy it with all their new content. But I thought ""I'd give them a chance again."" Cause zombies == win. but again, sad to say I was disappointed...I mean the immersion was really broken when a girl told me she had to finish her spray paint...really, there is so many zombies and you gotta finish a painting, and my guy is all ""yea sure I'll go get the cans."" No, save your money for something a little more worth it.Also, I have to say the gaming mechanics are cheesy, that rapid click style play to do so many combo's lacking actual skill or complications. And the story, so far as I've played it, was laughable, and I was unable to take it seriously.1/10 dead island was better."
,Recommended,265550,12002089,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,dropthembeats,love it :D 10/10
,Not Recommended,265550,22055324,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,MashYourFace,"This is probably the best Dead Rising game in the series but it's held back by a terrible port. Technically the game is a total mess. I haven't had it crash on me yet but the frame rate has dropped as low as 1fps (on minimum possible settings) on many occasions (especially during cut scenes), objects pop-in even with LOD maxed, shadows glitch, random low-res textures are everywhere and the physics glitch alot too. Playing this you really get the feel that they were trying to make the best zombie smashing game ever but didn't give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about how well it would perform. And, from what I've read, this isn't a pc only problem either. The shaved-down monkeys in Capcom's quality control must have been drunk on fermented bananas when they approved this."
,Recommended,265550,11995393,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,chaoszan,"pros-Runs pretty good on the Nvidia Geforce GTX 750 Ti- an amazingly fun game with loads of zombies- tons of customization ( mainly with weapons / vehicles )- lots of perks each time you level / gain a skill point- plently of replayabilitycons- could use some better optimization- needs removal of the accelerated mouse movement when aiming with a gun- needs more frames during cutscenes , the fps goes way down- everyonce in awhile it will crash ( in 6 hours of gameplay it crashed twice ) but its not too badoverall i would give this a must play :)"
,Recommended,265550,12009662,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Twerkinator,"So, the game has a lot of technical issues that needs to be worked out. So far I haven't had any crashing others seem to get, but I often get huge FPS sinks and I can run pretty much anything on here with max quality without a hiccup.This is a thumbs up for the game as a whole because I feel these technical issues shouldn't change my judgment on the game itself. If you have an XBO, buy it. Obviously if you're getting it for PC, wait or find a way to be sure it will work for you, otherwise I say wait. I thought at first it might have been due to too many zombies on screen at once, but even though that seems to drop it a tad, the game sinks for seemingly no reason even in empty areas.Anyway, besides that and a few personal issues with the game (like trying to open the weapon locker only to keep picking up♥♥♥♥♥♥that piled up around it) it's a great zombie game and the best in the series imo.The graphics are alright, not spectacular but it does set the atmosphere in some of the buildings quite nicely. It's definitely a step up from the previous games in every way, especially with the amount of zombies on screen now. The gameplay is fun especially with all the things you get to beat the zombies (and others) with. If you've played previous DR games, you'll know how it plays. The ragdoll is pretty amusing, uppercutting a zombie with a sledgehammer and sending them flying is pretty hilarious. The costumes this time around are your usual mixture of WTF and coolness. The combo weapons are great as usual and some of the additions are fun to toy with (Super Messager anyone?). I even love the combo vehicles; they bring a nice addition to the zombie slaughter. The story is interesting, nothing to write home about but it does make you want to get to the end when you're not mindlessly killing everything.  The characters are great; some you will love, while others not so much. Hell, I even liked most of the psychos I came across...except for one but due to possible spoilers (some people may not want the psychos to be spoiled) I won't say who/why.All in all it's a great game; definitely a nice addition to the series. Though, I do hope these technical issues get worked out. It's sad to see such a good game become tainted with such tedious issues. The worst part for me is I need to beat the game again on nightmare mode, but the last chapter and onward seems to have caused the game to run even worse. I'll give it time and play some more, but I got a good 20+ hours out of it so I'm satisfied overall. But still, I hope in the near future I can play with little to no performance issues caused by poor optimization. Good luck to anyone willing to give the game a go."
,Not Recommended,265550,11994657,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Ariel,"I only recommend it if you have a good computer set up, even then it is still going to run like you are playing on a toaster. It is a horrible port and capped at 30fps. Other than how bad it runs, it's a good game. If you don't have a GTX Titanexaggeration, then you should probably wait for a sale."
76561198272587643,Not Recommended,265550,21946788,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,WatIsReelLife,"Not recommended, it laggs way too much and it crashes alot"
76561198079758573,Not Recommended,265550,23898385,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,J4YYDOTT,"Do not buy this game unless you have a stupidly good computer. I have a fairly new, pretty good laptop and yet it still struggles to handle it. It was a bad port when it came out and it has improved but it is still hard to run. It could be a good game but I wouldn't know because I haven't been given the chance to play it"
76561198001913613,Not Recommended,265550,12006259,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,PC_LOAD_LETTER,Slow and choppy frame rate. Even after dropping my resolution and graphics settings down. I have a 4ghz cpu and SLI and it's running horribly.
,Not Recommended,265550,12008444,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Mordibe,"Cant play the game have tryed on two pc and niether will load one always saies ""unknown error"""
76561197988265452,Not Recommended,265550,12007840,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Hello Im John,"Game always crash . cant progress , id ask for a refund but the world isnt a place where u can get money back when some thief scammed yougameplay 10/10but always crash and unable to play for more than 5 minsso a big 0/10 , waste of money , when they will fix it , it will be 20$ so just wait"
76561198039405406,Not Recommended,265550,12007880,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,xingwang_355,do not waste money on it. till they solve the crash boot and the graphic card. for high end computer or laptop do not buy this game as its a waste of money.
76561198024161117,Not Recommended,265550,12008880,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,motav99,I would say this game is worth it on console right now. But for a desktop/laptop owner i'd say skip it until they actually give a fix for all the crashing. I know the game is fun as I have it on XBOX One but i can't lug my XBOX everywhere I go. My laptop is plenty powerful to play a game like this but when you can't get past a loading screen it doesn't make it worth it. No real fixes so far.
76561198023088082,Not Recommended,265550,12005368,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Cobex,buggy mess impossible to play...DONT GET IT!
76561197992337514,Not Recommended,265550,12008199,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Krunomo,This game is barely playable. Money well spent...
,Not Recommended,265550,11994500,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,DeadaXiz,More like my stress is rising 3 desktop edition.....
,Recommended,265550,26449645,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,shinzo abe,BEST IDEAL WEAPON AWARDS 2016
76561198021757575,Recommended,265550,12164893,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,So Much Better Than..The Last Two..Very Addictive!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,265550,30580407,Posted: 17 March,all,Phishing Master's Taco Box,"To be honest, it is not a bad game.But there is one thing which has ruined the game in my opinion:Friendly fire.You may say, friendly fire? Then just don't hit friendlies.But you will probably not say that after playing this game.Because, the AI in this game is just, dumb.Everytime I swung my weapon, friendly NPC / companion rushed in my attacking range, intentionally.And then, the friendly NPC got angry, turned into enemy and started attacking me.Seriously?Like, only developers with underdeveloped intelligence or trolls would design a game in this way and p-i-ss on players.Too bad I have been owning this for too long so I cannot refund this game.If you do not like always-on friendly fire, then do not buy this game."
76561198120253797,Not Recommended,265550,21896162,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Death2starz,Doesn't even work crashes after second time loading and gives the infinite loading screen of death. Don't spend money unless u can find the patch to fix it since capcom obviously doesn't care if their game isn't optimized for pc
,Not Recommended,265550,18952080,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,MrKizu,Even Warner Bros. Announced a refund to their game but CapCom...Money Milking
76561197984584328,Not Recommended,265550,22742176,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Krevex,"Do not buy this game, it is a bad port.It consistantly fails on my laptop and no amount of possible solutions has allowed me to play further in the main story.There has not been any new updates or solutions found to the Nvidia Graphics card problem since 2014.My laptop is well above the minimum requirements and spec-wise should have no issue playing the game. However, my game consistantly crashes at one point in the game which prevents e from going further. It has been a waste of my money and time. I am severely disappointed because this game has been very enjoyable from what parts I have played."
,Recommended,265550,12616880,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,MrC9000,If you love DeadRising 2 play this game on hard mode. no pre levling.
,Recommended,265550,12515285,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,ǁᴿᴬǁ That Ninja,"So, after a month and change, I can finally play this game and I have to say I'm enjoying the hell out of it. I can't safely recommend the game just yet, especailly given the ammount of patches the game has required (and probably still requires). But, if you are willing to take the risk and really loved the other two games in the series, then you'll love this one too (provided it works for you, that is)."
,Not Recommended,265550,22386845,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,waffleman,PC version is crap
76561198068458298,Recommended,265550,23630164,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,drakenguard,its a great blood filled game i've allways been a fan of dead rising and this takes it up notch also dead rising 4 is coming out this year #frankisback
76561197980755902,Not Recommended,265550,19921679,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,void,"Unbearable stuttering. I can't even see where I am driving the stupid car because the game freezes every few seconds. Even for 70% off, it's not worth it. I love deadrising 1+2. I'd probably like this one too, if I was not warping through the game or stuck in endless black screens.Don't buy it. Just don't."
76561198167399501,Not Recommended,265550,19700333,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,bgjenkinson,rubish it doesnt work for windows 10 they should update the game for windows 10 pls can they
,Recommended,265550,21923586,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,IcyNekoinabox,"Amazing game! is just like the first two! but alot easier to make items! and now m ake super cars! and bikes! This game made me smile, anyone who says its ""not working"" there is an easy fix to the issue, people ♥♥♥♥♥ before trying everything, Just alt enter the game to make it fullscreen! so if you have any issues simply ask before you ♥♥♥♥♥!"
76561198134656191,Not Recommended,265550,20069338,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ego-P,"I was really excited about this game.How I was wrong.Th game had a great base to work off and the gameplay and story are great. But, the FOV and FPS are...a disaster. After a point where you can't stand the game anymore. Glad I got this on sale so I only lost some of my money."
76561198078075458,Not Recommended,265550,24392925,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,dj_tyrant,this game is unplayable due to the low fps rate have a i5 4690k r9 390 8G 8G of gddr 5 ramand with everything on low specs the fps tanks below 25fps such a bad port
,Not Recommended,265550,12029143,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,*TaKamoto ;),"srly wtf capcom.....the game had a lot of potential but it SEEMS that u guys didnt test it out before releasing it....random crashes everywhere, INSANE lag, fps drops, objects disappearing, low performance even with the recomended settings....its a good game but it needs a FIX ASAP!, so anyone thats reading this, DONT buy the game YET!"
,Recommended,265550,19291756,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,SpaceFace,Love this game! Captures all the crazyness of the previous games with a bunch of new mechanics.
76561198023169050,Not Recommended,265550,12107796,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,ghemo,well odnt buy this piece of crap doesnt work and steam reuses to give me my money back smh or even give me something at all so THANK YOU STEAM FOR STEALING 45 DOLLARS FROM ME!!!
,Recommended,265550,21002225,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,[AFHD] Bugster,This is a great fun game love it.
,Not Recommended,265550,18255734,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,GemNinja☯#WalkTheDinosaur,This game is why I wish Steam had a refund policy from the beginning
,Recommended,265550,12718187,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,radGeist,>actually didn't have any problems until the resolution bugged out and I couldn't even click Continue because it was off screen.
76561198126975019,Recommended,265550,18825824,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,wolfinston85,"Easily the best Dead Rising to date. Everything from the combat to the combination of items, to the whole idea of rescuing survivors, it's wonderful in every single way of the word.I guess the biggest issue it's the optimization, if you really would like to play this game, you're going to have to tolerate the 30fps cap, than in my opinion doesn't really do too much to detract from the main game experience, but either way, it's obviously a problem, i recommend it because of all the gameplay tweaks, and the funny dialog that the character tends to give from time to time, besides that i would recommend you to get the game when it's on sale, and don't even consider unlocking the fps limit, there's not a machine out there in existence that is capable to run this game at a constant 60fps, if you're buying this game is because you're a fan of the series and wants to play the next entry with all it's incredible content, while sadly withstanding the framerate limit, and a lot of texture poppin."
76561198038933844,Not Recommended,265550,12067468,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,rilhas2,how dare you release a game that is no where near playable im far from the only one having this issue i bought this game for my  brother and i because we loves the first to so i have wasted 100$ on a ♥♥♥♥ing loading screen the patch did nothing but now it dosent make it to the loading sreen i want my money back or this game playable. how can you even put your name on this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,265550,19316194,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Tad [HaN],Runs great on high.Specs:Windows 8.1ASUS 2GB variant of the GTX 770i7 4770K 3.5Ghz16GB DDR 3 RamRam usage was only around 5.1 GB during gameplay and the cpu was at around 23%.If you have something around a GTX 770 and about 6+GB of ram I would say you are good to go.
,Not Recommended,265550,15845650,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Larry Lackapants [NL],"A typical example of a game that could have been really good, but was ported to another platform so poorly it barely even works. I bought this for the co-op options and managed to join a game only once. Most of the time I get the dreaded 'black screen' where I can hear everything, but not see anything. Having a player join my session will crash the game.There are also issues with the controls. Mouse acceleration makes it very difficult to aim properly and keyboard controls will make your character move like a drunken construction worker (with a swaggering motion). This makes hitting zombies attacking you very hard at times.The forums are full of possible solutions, but none really fixes the co-op. The mouse acceleration is fixable with an .ini file setting or using a gamepad.On paper, killing hordes of zombies with crazy weapons and vehicles should be fun. And in single player it is for a few hours, but no more than that,ProIf co-op works, it's funBetter than its predecessorsConHorrible controlsHorrible cameraCo-op doesn't work properlySpeech volume way to lowLag"
76561197985246611,Recommended,265550,13660001,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DP711,"Not had any problems with crashing. Runs fine, good game. Even better value while on sale !! :)"
,Recommended,265550,13666404,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Operatorchan,it plays smoothly i love the different combos 10/10
,Recommended,265550,13660090,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Elite,"Have had no issues with crashes so far, good 6 hrs into the game at this point.things i dont like...- weapons dont last long but at the same time they are way 2 easy to get- the ""open world"" seems rather small- game is really repetivethings i like....- can play it casual- mindless fun- never a lack of zombies to kill :P- multiplayer makes things interesting- robot bears with machine guns"
,Recommended,265550,19886503,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,CusteyjamΔ,Best one yet
76561198051259846,Not Recommended,265550,13752613,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,pdeckard7,game runs like crap looks like crap and is complete console bait the sale is also a jokebuy at your own risk I certainly did
,Recommended,265550,12016285,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Wester,Many people dont like this game cause many problems with this game on tablets but i have pc and dont care about this stuff.  i Like this game because here many things to do and just enjoy co-op
,Recommended,265550,18807351,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,KevinGatesLookaLike,It's like the last two but they fixed all the stupid things like the bosses being impossible or the zombie thing 10/10
,Not Recommended,265550,21956565,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,burgerdwayne,keeps on crashing on my new computer.maybe this should of stayed on xbox one
,Recommended,265550,13418607,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Xripton,im not having any problems with this product
76561198128319538,Recommended,265550,13416495,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,zerospherus09,mine works fine..
76561198152662668,Recommended,265550,20210877,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ayziv,Not as hard to run as people say 4790k gtx970 maxed 1080p occasional fps dips to (lowesr)48-50. Might have been a patch but has never crashed on me. Fun co op get it on sale innit
76561198045938670,Not Recommended,265550,20143073,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[ff00ff]WittleGuppy,I can run Fallout 4 better than this game
76561198087876190,Recommended,265550,12357038,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,mikeonthemic2010,"Zombies Zombies and more zombies, and plenty of weapons to kill them all, sick!"
76561197996351766,Recommended,265550,18332626,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Twinkies,Nice Game 10 of 10
,Recommended,265550,27375634,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Perplexityman,"Dead Rising 3 is extremely fun, but not in its native state. In order to actually enjoy the game, you have to go out of your way to remove the 30 FPS cap. Once the game is in a smooth 60 FPS, you'll begin to really enjoy Dead Rsing 3's super satisfying gameplay."
76561198008195608,Not Recommended,265550,12007450,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Camouflage Condom,"At the time I purchased this game, there were no reviews yet....to my misfortune. The game sounds cool, looks cool but runs like garbage. If you don't have a top end system, meaning its no more than 3 months old, this game will run like crap and be nearly unplayable. I've got about 6 hours on the game and gotten maybe 1 hour of actual progress. My rig is less than a year old and it's not sub-par by any means. I suggest everyone waits until they release a performance fix, IF they release a fix. Until then, this game will be uninstalled from my PC. For the time being, it was a waste of 50 bucks."
,Recommended,265550,26354732,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,WeZZeY,Love it :)
76561198082803823,Not Recommended,265550,29163117,Posted: 10 January,all,Moziss,Glitchy
,Not Recommended,265550,17495396,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,coreoffocus,boring as focking shoite
76561198210989484,Not Recommended,265550,20386539,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Sam from iCarly,"I would reccomend this. but it has way to many bugs. It's not fully finished and there are so many problems like crashing,framerate loss etc."
,Not Recommended,265550,17555575,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,RUSSIAN POWER(KennyS),im so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i got this for the summer sale and it doesnt even freaking start seriously? like i had high hopes for this and its not even optimized screw u
76561198085003973,Not Recommended,265550,21989247,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Admiral Allahu Ackbar,"PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS GAME!I got this game for £12 in a sale and expected it would be a laugh to play with friends. Framerate is very very bad for a game with incredibly average graphics. I get 20fps more than once in a minute, on my i7, gtx770 and 16gb of RAM. Game is also locked to 30fps, the resolution is basically upscaled 720p and the graphics settings are almost non-existent. The game is terribly optimised and simply the worst PC port i have ever played.It's embarrassing that i actually bought this horrible excuse for a game. I might've given it a try, but the horrible optimisation, long load times, buginess and awful controls let it down. I submitted a refund request after playing for an hour."
76561198144474487,Not Recommended,265550,21975375,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,[Toxic]#Pyro nextgamer10,"This game is a mess of a pc port.I honestly thought that maybe by now they would have fixed all the random crashes and glitches.I personally, and most likely for others i've been having random crashes and I ahve tried just about everything to fix it.This would be an amazing (for pc) if it had a better port than this mess of a pc port."
76561198036915944,Not Recommended,265550,22063855,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,BLanX24,"I just got my copy of Dead Rising 3 Apocalypse Edition from the recent weekend sale, saved me some cash when I bought it. Sadly in my case the game keeps crashing after the part where you get to drive the SUV, sucks that I wasted money on a game sale.Pros:- Crasy weapon crafting.- WTF clothes.Cons:- No fix for crashes, its been 2 years since the release of the game.- Controls are clumsy.- 30fps cap.- Poor developer support.- OS compatibility (I'm running Windows 10 btw.)"
,Not Recommended,265550,16676117,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Joobles       Hungry for Hands,"This game looks amazing, has amazing weapons, amazing zombies, and amazing style. It also has amazingly bad issues with gameplay, specifically insane visual lagging, amazingly horrible options, and a complete lack of in-program help in ensuring the game runs smoothly. It's like trying to survive a zombie apocalypse, in fact.Get this game on console, like it was meant to be played, because Capcom does not care about it's PC community."
,Recommended,265550,20134649,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Silman,"this game works fine for me. so i cant say if everything is fixxed or not but i must admit what an awsome game , in the 1st hour of the game i was stuck in a sex shop wearing a gimp suit and equiping a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to fend of a hored of the undead. 5 hours later i manage to find an upgrade for my trusty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 11/10 who gives a ♥♥♥♥ i do..."
,Not Recommended,265550,17450656,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,ｓｗｖ,"The game itself is problably good. And I would be saying yes it is good if the port didn't have the performance of what seems like an artheretic hamster in a wheel. Using this port has a similar experiance as deep throating a cactus.I'll discribe my experiance with this game like the begining of the game itself.Yesterday 19:00Saw gameplay of Dead Rising 3. Looked amazing. Desided to purchase with steam walletYesterday 21:00Purchaced gameYesterday 24:00Download wasn't even half way compleat. Went to bedToday 7:00Download completeToday 4:30Started game. Noticed it wasn't a perticuarly good port, but I could look over it.Today 5:00First crash, Parshal way through the second missionToday 5:05Force restart of computerToday 5:10Changed settings a bit. Graphics still look spiffyToday 5:12Second crash and force restartToday 5:17Changed settings again. Game now looks like it runs on a pineappleToday 5:19Third crash and  force restart.Today 6:00Applied for refundConclusion: Glad I spent 50 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars on this. Get dying light instead. Isn't as good, but the port isn't♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198068085433,Not Recommended,265550,17580120,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,IHazMagics,"So originally, I played a lot of this game, loved it, and this is from someone that thought DR2 was a  piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I put it down, played somet other games, and in the mean time, got windows 10 (that's the important part here).You will no longer be able to play this game for longer than 5 minutes without it locking up, I cannot recommend this to anyone gaming on windows 10 OS as the game simply does not work.I'll amend my review when CAPCOM gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about it's products."
,Not Recommended,265550,15872782,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Cortez0183,"DO not buy this game.A bad port if i ever did see one. Yes its more playable than Metro 2033, however, its very supprising to see capcom allow a game of such a poor standard be allowed to be published in this shape.Dont waste your time or money."
,Recommended,265550,21376938,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dranged,"★★★★★★★☆☆☆7/10I got this on a sale and I am not disappointed. Given it does have issues it don't believe it deserves the bad wrap it has earned as I have had tons of fun with this game with friends.Pro'sThe weapons are extremelly fun.A swell repertoire of weapons and blueprints at your disposal that are quite cleverThis can go either way but this game is corny and funny, it makes me laugh. It has a dash of saints row. Nothing like an obese vomiting fat lady indulging in every food becoming a boss fight.There is a decent amount of special enemies to make things difficult counting special zombies and boss fights.Really fun vehicle mod blueprints. Nothing like taking a motorcycle and steam roller to create a Motor-Roller from hell.More fun with a friend with the co-op feature.Not such a strict time limit on everything as well as overall time which was a big plus for me, I hated the last 2 games because it felt like you didn't have enough time to have fun with that timer looming over your head, while it is still there in this game it feels like you have more than enough time to do some side missions which can also be fun. I wish at somepoint in dead rising they will get rid of the timers all together.ConsWhile the game is fun, there is a reason it has mixed reviews.Performance Problems, AI stutters or randomly appears as well as connection issues when friends join. I had a severe issue at the beginning of the game picking up items that gradually disappeared as the game went along.Frame Rate is poor and tends to slow for unapparent reasons.The roads suck. Road blocks everywhere, every road is a detour making it extremelly frustrating and difficult to navigate in a vehicleThe map in general is forgettable. It's not nearly as rememberable as the mall or fortune cityI can't find a liking for the main character,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nick, Rick, Prick.. Something like that. He's surely not a Frank West. Instead of being intrigued by him or his humor I make him memerable by putting him in pony tails, mini-skirt and go-go boots.The control scheme is stupid. The buttons that you think should be used for one thing are used for something else. With 8 hours in and I still throw my weapon instead of hit with it because I just can't used to it.Durability is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor and you can't repair anything. You have to rebuild. A tank will last you about as long as a cup of coffee with extra creamer will.All in all a great game full of fun times and hilarious moments if you can look past the bugs and performance issues that are not as bad as people say they are. For me the most frustrating is the maps twisted sense of humor in getting you lost regardless of your actual map to look at which is about as useful as half the survivors, that's not saying much. I failed many missions because the vehicles became destroyed while trying to maneuver around and through hordes of zombies just to hit another roadblock forcing me a ridiculous amount of Meters away from my waypoint eventually leading me to fail the mission or the survivor dying."
,Recommended,265550,12278565,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Bradley0130,will have howeres of fun. and you need a grate graphax card. 10/10 stars. if you love zombies and like the dead rising seaoreas. your in for a treat.
,Not Recommended,265550,12011909,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,DeVoid,"...""While laptop graphics fall outside of the minimum spec requirements and aren’t officially supported, we understand many users still choose to play DR3 on laptop systems""...Not supported? What a load of Sh*t. For many people that bought this game <both desktop and laptop> getting past the loading screen without the game crashing is hard enough. Yet, CAPCOM refuses to refund the game and are telling people to wait for a patch.Congratulations! You just bought a game for $50. It doesnt actually work at all, it just takes up 25GB of your storage and crashes 100% of the time, but wait....whats this? They're giving away a free digital artbook?! WHO GIVES A FU*K!"
,Not Recommended,265550,12014225,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,MLST,"unplayable lagging~~~ I really want to play, but it can't play at all"
76561198059575546,Not Recommended,265550,12014184,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Georgetheone,when the said there is no time limit they were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting
76561197970387756,Not Recommended,265550,12015309,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Gisli,Tried this game with my AMD HD Radeon 7800 but constantly froze within 15 minutes of gameplay. Tried another older video card nvidia 260 gtx and game crashes on startup. Been waiting for this game for a long time but ... darn not so well coded.
,Not Recommended,265550,15876019,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Kronokill92,This is a very fun game with a ridiculous amount of crazy new weapons/vehicles you can create but... all the other user reviews are totally right that this game hasn't been optimized for PC at all but there is a solution unfortunately it makes the games graphics look worse than Dead Rising 1.If you have bought and cant play this game because of lag and want to get it working go to this link and follow these steps.http://gamunation.com/dead-rising-3-lag-fix-get-30-fps/#
,Recommended,265550,27767476,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RYL.,叼
76561198095162601,Recommended,265550,33278423,Posted: 5 July,all,Migi,gud game
76561198036267315,Recommended,265550,15846075,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,CPT. Weaselstein,"If the game's locked framerate and console-like visuals won't bother you, then you should have a great experience with this game. It's Dead Rising, what else can I say?"
76561198184982102,Not Recommended,265550,33267223,Posted: 5 July,all,ULTRASpookeh,crashes constantly. Good game but is♥♥♥♥♥♥for pc.
76561198108016189,Not Recommended,265550,12310856,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Mickeymu43,I OPENED IT FOR THE FIRST TIME AND IT KEPT FREEZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197994424052,Not Recommended,265550,21131252,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,i will eat your freaking soul,dont buy this if you have a AMD CPU WILL NOT WORK
76561197968393892,Not Recommended,265550,21050146,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,_PUD_,"I really wanted to like the game, really did.Cannot recommend this to anyone.Too many frustrations, just too poorly ported.Easy money I guess"
,Not Recommended,265550,24073276,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,BlueDream,"Very, very bad. Very glitchy. Should have run way smoother on both my and my friends high-end PC's."
76561198401215149,Not Recommended,265550,34406781,Posted: 21 August,all,jomac1188,Piece of garbage when it comes to running it. My computer has all the specs better than the recommendation and it still runs like garbage. do yourself a favor and stay away from it because it will lag even if you set all of the graphics to the lowest settings. Fun game. Just cannot be run well on a pc.
,Recommended,265550,21924618,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,APENOX | BUSY AS SHIT,Good game i recommand it.
76561198146121383,Not Recommended,265550,19864820,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,No,HEYYY!!! CAPCOM!!! I STILL GOT CRASH IN CAPCOM LOGO!! CAN YOU FIX IT?! PLS RELEASE A PATCH!
76561198048630964,Recommended,265550,26318594,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Devilock,"While this game isn't as good as DR1, DR2 or DR2:OTR, it's quite enjoyable.Looks like a Robert Rodriguez's film mixed with Dead Rising, pretty recommended."
76561197989048228,Not Recommended,265550,16387470,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Nartsa,"Well I played it through. But now I wanted to play it again after like a year, and I didnt remember how horribly consolegamy it was. FOV is♥♥♥♥♥♥ you get headache, mouse controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥Dont buy it on PC."
,Recommended,265550,12007841,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,"Charles Stanley, Remember it!","60 FPSMax Settingsno issuesnot sure why all these scrubs have issues,my game runs flawlessly11/10 would inject moar zombrex"
76561198204170572,Recommended,265550,29482954,Posted: 25 January,all,Svigermors Draum,Buy it blod bad deluxe
,Recommended,265550,21434792,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Jerry,"GO Download a Hack or Trainer. Have fun, DR3 without story is dull AF."
76561197996067268,Recommended,265550,21733819,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Towelie,"I struggle to understand why this game has such low ratings. I've played all the Dead Rising games and while the first will always have a special place in my heart, this is a solidly entertaining game.PROS:- Very fun Co-Op. I've had a total blast playing with friends on here.- Weapons system has been bettered. You just need the blue print of the item and then you can grab it from a locker in a cleared safe room. The same goes for custom vehicles but you go to one of the many garages.- You can wear a porn star latex outfit and attack people with ♥♥♥♥♥♥CONS:-The Storys and characters are forgettable. This is pop corn entertainment.- Zig Zagging across the map on the roads can get very tedious at time. I wish they had put in a late game fast travel system like a subway or something.- Might be my PC but the game engine seems to suffer from a little bit of slow down. Nothing game breaking or anything.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR A WEEKEND Co-Op fest!"
,Recommended,265550,21748219,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,PoisedWolf,IF you want endless fun with killing huge waves of zombies.This game does not dissappoint at all.Definately give this game a go if you haven't already!
76561198153558538,Recommended,265550,21806289,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,zappa_2001,"This game is a little bit of a depature from what made the original games so fun and popular as graphics improve in general. They've strayed away from rescuing people and some of the sillier moments in previous games. This game isn't by any means bad though, and I think it's a good thing that finally firearms are somewhat useful in the game. Don't let some of the negative comments sway you and this game is not as ""short"" as some people suggest. This game isn't set like the prior two where the timer is always working against you. See, the other games give you a sense of days within the game. What I mean by that is certain events MUST happen within certain time frames or you must WAIT until it is that day and hour before they will begin. This game takes that mechanic out and you have a set number of days to get through the story (plenty of days to go exploring and save people). So in some ways, the better you become and the higher level you become you can progress through the story VERY quicklky and could easily finish this game in about an hour and a half at level 50 and knowing exactly where to go to hit each story line mission. (You could easily do this in the prior games if you weren't  forced to wait) Anyways, you will like this game, there is much to explore, and it is fun crafting weapons. I hope that if they make a Dead Rising 4, they include some more of the silly story lines and I like saving people and bringing them somewhere. (lots of people actually hate that aspect from the first 2 games and maybe it should be adjusted but I do like it) The ONE downside to this game is the fetch quests. I hate fetch quests where you literally drive around the city looking for stuff, totally lost, and then have to drive back to the original quest starter. That's the weakest part of the game and reminds me of lazy MMORPG quests."
,Recommended,265550,21348460,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Paulrus-Keaton?,"Dead Rising 3 does take a lot of liberties with changing established gameplay styles (7 days, no real sense of urgency, saving on the fly, an unlimited armory.) and at times it appears incoherant. (Finding ""tragic events"" derails the wacky gorey fun; Nick Samos can change from whiny to hardass at the drop of a hat.)Your milage may vary on whether or not this would work for you. But as a long time fan of the franchise I can tell you it doesn't dissapoint in one department: being fun. New and returning combo weapons like the Mini Chainsaws, the Grim Reaper, and the Super Massager guarantees absorbtion into the game for hours on end.Dead Rising 3 isn't perfect, but really none of the games in the franchise have been. But I do find its 'Mixed' review status rather undeserving."
,Recommended,265550,21352167,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Hydrocannon,"Dead Rising 3 is a fantastic zombie game, that acts much the same as DR2. Awesome combo weapons, crazy psychopaths, and a nearly endless hoeard of zombies to slaughter til your hearts content.However, with everything great that this game offers, I can certainly see where some of the criticism lies. The area is rather bland. Compared to the interesting and different locations of Wilhomet and Fortune City, Los Perdidios is just a bit...boring. There are a few interesting stores here and there, but outside, there's not all that much that makes the place stand out. I'd much rather be in a mall of a Vegas-esque area with cool casinos and restaurants, but oh well.   Plus, there's no fear of a need for zombrex, so that danger isn't here. However, all of that matters very little in a game where you can use a flaming scythe to burn zombies dressed as Ken Masters.Also, the game's psychopaths mostly a lot less interesting and a lot less tough) than those of 2. However, I will say, Darlene is by far one of my favorite psychopaths in the entire series. A fat lady on a Rascal that projectile vomits all over the place, while wielding a giant spork. What's not to love?Overall, this game is a lot of fun, even if it's not as good as DR2.  I definately recommend DR3. If you're looking for a good zombie game, this is a great choice."
,Recommended,265550,21364525,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Bertelemy,Games really fun i recommend this game
,Recommended,265550,21342351,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,☣Proviron,gud
76561198032121175,Recommended,265550,20587864,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Id0ntkn0w?!,fun
,Recommended,265550,20342314,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Pablo Diablo (Thot Patrol),Its great. I just cant run it. I got to the garage BUT I WAS HAVING FUN WHILE DOING IT. I stole a car. Killed some guy. Abandoned some random girl who doesn't know how to use a gun. I wore a cow suit. I got a katana. I died somehow. Then I went to the garage. The end.
,Not Recommended,265550,12061138,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,FromTheInternets,"Wouldn't recommend right now, it's so badly optimized that according to some guys who did a benchmark for it, it uses only 25% of your GPU's power. Also 30 FPS lock (which can be opened quite easily through the game's files), and still has bugs.I'm one of the lucky guys to play this without crashes and almost 60 FPS (with drops to 30 FPS frequently), but my friend's game froze always when we went multiplayer and he had to wait and not move anything for a bit after joining to prevent the game freezing.The game is also very, VERY easy on the normal mode. Never tried the hardcore mode, but me and my friend both went down only once during our whole playthrough. You could also basically one shot bosses with some combo weapons, especially the last 3 bosses."
76561197995251312,Not Recommended,265550,23967290,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,FlippityFloppity,"This is a great game that happens to be an absolute garbage Port to the PC. hopeing it will work on your machine is a russian roulette play at best.  Multiplayer coop is also a stretch.  I have  two high end gaming machines. works well on one, doesn't work at all on another.  I say give it a shot if you are really intrigued but be ready to go to steam for a return if you have any problems, there are no good workarounds.  Remember this is a CAPCOM game, they dont really do ""support"""
76561198144865627,Recommended,265550,17468613,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,SHIV,Very entertaining
,Not Recommended,265550,12121780,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,BellePelouse,BROKEN GAME. DON'T BUY
,Recommended,265550,24217642,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Sarra,"Like most people, I knew better then to buy it at launch.Waited till it was on sale a year later and it's a ♥♥♥♥ing blast.Pros-Coop is greatFree DLC is great.Runs great.Cons-Story isn't that goodMain Character is a cuckPsychos aren't that memorableNo lifeseekerWay worth 20 bucks"
,Recommended,265550,12234572,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,MangoHopscotch,"OKAY YA♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have no idea why everyone is ♥♥♥♥♥ing about optimaization. Unless you have a 400$ PC you will be fine. My game has yet to crash on maxed settings playing co-op on nightmare mode (a mode that adds a♥♥♥♥♥♥load more zombies).PROS: It's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. The amount of zombies on screen is fantastic, you feel like a real zombie apocolypse survivor. The combo crafting is better than previous games since you can craft on the go without a workbench. There are an insane amount of craftable weapons and combo items. The map is a decent size, and the missions are hilarious and well thought out. The combat feels really gratifying when you smash the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a zombie and the controls are decent as well. The co-op is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, it is so fluid and there is never any weird lag.CONS: The map could be a little more diverse, sometimes the city can be a little redundant. I have never quite liked Dead Rising's weapon system, I always want to reload or keep a weapon longer, this is not so much a con as it is a style, but if weapon decay and no reloading your guns bothers you, you are♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck. Throughout the game there are random baracades blocking certain roads. In order to keep the badass steam roller motorcycle you just made you have to go ALL THE WAY AROUND THE MAP TO FIND A PLACE TO GO THROUGH THAT ISN'T BLOCKEDED. Even through blockled off roads are totally acceptable in an apocolypse it can be really annoying until you know the map well.SUMMARY: This game ♥♥♥♥ing rocks, if you love ♥♥♥♥ing zombies in the♥♥♥♥♥with a guitar than you will be right at home. The game is well thought out, feels good, is well optomized, and is just ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Yes the map gets a little redundant, but you can get through it by playing co-op and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a zombie with horse mask on.9/10 If you like zombies and♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is for you."
,Recommended,265550,16124108,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Sexy_Woman_Hotline,"Super fun and random, and unless your rig is pretty good, like mine i wouldn't bother unlocking the fps cap"
,Recommended,265550,12703072,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Cowman,If you like dead rising 2/dead rising 1 you will love this game!
,Recommended,265550,12074655,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,amandyXd,its fun but still crashing needs 2 be fixed <3 ( still fun )
76561197970689944,Not Recommended,265550,12061615,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,ElGuappo,"You want glitches? We got 'em! You like massive slowdown when the screen gets busy? You got that, too! You like entertaining, original and funny gameplay? Yeah, not so much.Take the first 2 DR's, merge them on a map that's both much larger and yet oddly more restrictive, water down any of the fun parts of them and then polish those crappy bits to a high shine and here's Dead Rising 3. And don't forget to really do a woefully bad job of the port, and don't optimise a single thing in case you make some small aspect of the game pleasant to play.Truly Capcom, you've excelled yourself. For Dead Rising 4, may I suggest you skip the whole 'program a game' nonsense and just put a turd in a video game box and sell that instead.Oh, and for the record, it hasn't crashed once. More's the pity.Games like this are why Steam badly needs a refund policy. It is woefully, inexcusably bad."
,Recommended,265550,17376363,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Jebu,"Larry King is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that his nightly news tv show got cancelled, and clones himself in order to take revenge. You assume the role of Jimmy Fallon in order to finally put Larry King, and his own personal minions, back into the grave where they belong."
76561198134360165,Recommended,265550,25126259,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,2 midgets in a trench coat,Top notch game. dead rising scratches the itch for mass zombie killing sprees like no other game can and dead rising 3 kicks things up to 11. I LOVE THIS GAME!
,Recommended,265550,17453287,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Biggu Bosu,"(Pre-review note: I used an unofficial 60 fps fix, so performance was not a factor for me)Good fun! Best played co-op. Relatively short if you aren't a completionist. The controls are significantly less reponsive (more janky, more screw-you), and the setting feels a little less interesting than in the past Dead Risings, but it's very fun. Replayability at its maximum, too.If tight on money, get it on sale. Unless you're good at technical issues, then you're buying a poor-performance game, and that means it's not all that great. It's a good game though, overlooked only for its low framerate."
,Recommended,265550,17995176,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,.:{1Nt0x!c@t3D}:.,"This is the most fun you will have since you lost your V card.  Some of you reading it stil have it, but let me assure you, next to the nostolgia you felt when L4d2 dropped, there has been there hasn't been much else in your life you will enjoy.  Here are some things you thought you enjoyed: Graduating High School? Meh, College? Snore.  Getting Married? LOL [prenups].  Eating Cake? *cough*.  SHOOTING ZOMBIES? HELL YES.  Welcome Dead Rising 3 Apocalypse Edition; quite litterally the best thing since birth control.  Jam Packed with enough gooey Zombie Goodness to keep you locked away in your moms basement for about a decade.  Did I STUTTER!! no. Sure, you could play L4D2, but I know there is a hole deep in your soul and you stuff it with Twinkies trying to pretend everything is ok.  It's not ok kid, get over it.  Buying DR3 won't make your Dad love you, but It might give you something better to do than eating paint chips and chase bugs.  Don't chase bugs, thats just weird.  This message has been brought to you bymobasareforbronies.com"
,Not Recommended,265550,17393858,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,vgs,"Just a button mashing game with a dumb story.Don't waste your money buying this if you liked Dead Rising 1 and 2. The third installment is not like the previous titles.You can basically get all the items in a closet and don't need to look for them. There's no need to know where the stores are because of this. Moreover, zombies do not present a challenge and it is almost impossible to die. Hardcore Mode is like what normal mode should've been, and Story Mode could've been named Kids Mode I presume.The franchise has really been dumbed down. Just stay away from it."
76561198169050802,Recommended,265550,17220263,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ThatOneBenji,alot of people give this a bad review becasue it runs at 30 fps but if u seach up on yt (how to get over 30fps on dead rising) follow them steps and u will get a better game play    over all i  give this game a 8/10 :)
76561198002430929,Recommended,265550,16109046,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,=WRATH=EyeSeeYou,Great graphics and gameplay!!!  Pretty easy to learn.
76561198080436460,Recommended,265550,16197987,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,oX_Dragonoff_Xo,"I was mad my laptop couldnt play it when I bought it. I didnt own my current PC at the time.The game release was full of bugs and crashs. But since then Capcom has patched big issues and my game runs smoothly with no issues playing. Although it seems people have fps issues on there computers. I play at Mediem settings just becuase theres too much my computer to handle on High. I am fine with that to be honest.The game is a blast if your a fan of Dead Rising, and is still fun if your new. The ammount of blueprints and weapons you can craft reach over 150."
76561198118744594,Recommended,265550,16080404,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Catalyst,good
76561197986995278,Recommended,265550,16147385,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,spalaima,I love it. zombie infested city building weapons of mass destrution. useing said weapons of destrution. whats not to love.
,Not Recommended,265550,16452587,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MEOWTHRA,i've tried everything to make this game work and it still is so incredibly buggy. it's awful and aggrivating.there goes $50 i'll never get back.
,Not Recommended,265550,12027127,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,archival.flea,can any one tell me how to get a refund on this game it wont work still
76561198148710137,Not Recommended,265550,14997540,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,YOUROWNPERSONALJESUS,the game doesnt een start i try to launch it and it says error and then steam crashes and i cant beleive that i waited through a suspensful friday at school just to come home and find out that the game doesnt work
,Recommended,265550,30428572,Posted: 10 March,all,AbusedVictim,Fun game
,Not Recommended,265550,12089653,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ATREYU,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,265550,11999365,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Simbiat,I guess it's simply not my style =(
,Not Recommended,265550,12000315,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Sk8anic Radnekk,"Unoptomized, disfunctional, and absolutely abysmal port of an excellent game. Capcom is not only releasing this as an unofficial Early Access title, but they are also trying to push the blame onto Nvidia even though one of the most common issues was over 1.6 gigabytes of necessary files were MISSING in the digital copys on release day. That's just shady buissness right there, and I absolutely regret preordering this game back in early July. If you are looking to buy Dead Rising 3, either wait for an official fix from Capcom, (though I'm not sure if they will if they didn't care to just release a functional port) or just don't reward this kind of buisness practice and pirate the game. I have heard from many sources that the torrented version actually has a better chance of working for some people than the official release. I don't normally support piracy, but what Capcom has done with Dead Rising 3 makes it 100% justifiable even if they totally fix it."
76561198020402721,Not Recommended,265550,12003919,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Argroth,Exteremely buggy at the moment and nothing seems to be being done about it.The game dosn't even start properly for me and most other people.  Dumbasses made the game months ago released it on PC but appearently didn't even test it or something.Havn't even been able to start it yet. It crashes on start up or on the main menu screen.I'm sure the game is actually ok once I am able to play it (or rather IF I'm ever able to play it).  I have a decent computer that can play many other games on high settings so it's not an issue with my computer.  Also like I have said there are many oother people with this problem.Whaat a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company to let this happen and not even test it before hand to be aware and prevent this junk.
76561198122495528,Not Recommended,265550,12003924,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,JPninjaWHAT,Keeps crashing. More horrifying than the zombies
76561198006887938,Not Recommended,265550,12004228,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,cgchris,Frequent crashes.
,Not Recommended,265550,12004617,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Dipcrack,"The epitome of casual zombie shooter...  Pick things up, mash attack button, success.  The plot is chaotic and makes little sense.   The plot points are conveniently placed to keep the story rolling down the hill.  Very little character development.  I would return this game if I could.  Could have spent that 44 bucks on beer or something."
76561197983948461,Not Recommended,265550,11998641,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,TheWaterboy,"In its current state, this game sucks! If you do manage to make it past the loading screen, and hope to play Co-op, you're outta luck, cause it just don't work. How can you fail at porting a console game so badly?To anyone looking to buy this game, please refrain from doing so, at least until they fix this pile of excrement! Not like you'll be able to play it anyway with all the loading screens, crashes to desktop, and silky smooth 20fps."
76561198015669173,Not Recommended,265550,11998705,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,♥D.va♥ ^ - ^,the game is not work good i have gtx 780 3gb and i7-4770k and 8gb memory and ssd samsung 120 gb+harddrive 1tb and the game play for 10 minutes and crash and so much bugs in graphics and i cant make good Resolution like i can do only 1920/1080 but 50 hz and i need make it 60 its wont work well for now dont buy this game is just waste of money and capcom thanks - . -
,Not Recommended,265550,12000117,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Caltane,"It's definitely a solid game, but virtually unplayable at the time of writing this. I know they are ""working"" on a fix, but honestly who knows when that will be. 3/10."
,Not Recommended,265550,12000471,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Patriot Derpy: Muffin Eater,"Why capcom, why? Not only is this game NOT optimized, but the fps SUCKS. Im running a 6 core processor, 2gb nvidia 650 gt, and 16 gb of ram, and yet i cant even play this in its 1080p settings, or 900p settings. I have to set EVERYTHING on medium, and it looks like crap. The cutscenes lag like crazy, and my fps drops when I encounter a horde of zombies. I would actually Recommend playing Dead Rising 2 for pc for more enjoyment then this rushed peice of crap (Not that DR 2 is bad, its pretty good, which is why I recommend it)."
76561198044654358,Not Recommended,265550,12000669,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,GrumpyGnome,"When I first booted this up, and added in the FPS fix to the files, the game ran smoothly for me. I had the odd crash here and there, and the same choppy cutscenes like everybody else. But now, after trying it again today, I have had frequent crashes (every few minutes or so) really eally bad fps problems, especially when sharply turning. I don't know what the hell Capcom are doing, but it needs to be fixed, and fast. This was going to be a positive review until today, but until they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥sorted out, it's a no."
,Not Recommended,265550,12001527,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Creepy Fish (R.I.P Hugh),This is the first negative review i had to write on steam and i am sad that it is on this one. i am very mad about the fact i cant play the game it crashes at the loding screen. buyer beware.
,Not Recommended,265550,12001779,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,WoolyMan,"At this point and time, I'm giving Dead Rising 3 a 6 out of 10 for PC.Pros:- Zombies, lots of them.- Open world-GraphicsCons:- Obvious port of the Xbox One version.-Capped at 30 fps (yes, you can ""fix it"", but you should have the option from the get go without creating a user.ini file)-Very choppy cutscenes-Character development is not very good.  You don't feel like you can connect with the characters at all.-Dialogue is awful.Before I give this a thumbs up, it needs to have some serious gameplay updates: constant framerate capability, no choppy framerates in cutscenes, and no more 30 fps cap."
76561197972304322,Not Recommended,265550,12002512,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Taaffey,Crashes on startup. Would not recommend
76561198135330148,Not Recommended,265550,12002937,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,titanman1969,"would not recommend this game , its the same as 1 and 2 ."
76561198080674513,Not Recommended,265550,12004787,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Critick,Campcom Fix Your ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥WE shouldnt have to do your job to figure out how to play a ♥♥♥♥ing game either give us all  a refund or get this♥♥♥♥♥♥fixed and fast or all your loyal customers are gonna disapear like a ♥♥♥♥ing phantom
76561198145960067,Not Recommended,265550,11994139,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,dtrevino96,I love this game however it doesnt seem to be running properly... I know my computer can handle the game but its extremmely slow and quite laggy... please fix this steam i woulod like to play my favorite game soon
,Not Recommended,265550,12002811,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,mephyt,Would be pretty fun were it not for the constant CTDs.
76561198140443393,Not Recommended,265550,12003122,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Quaff,I spent $60 on this game and it wont even load
76561198006641074,Not Recommended,265550,12047678,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,trilas50,"Runs good on my system, but its a beast, but constant crahses ruin any fun, and I am NOT rolling back a driver just to fix one game."
76561198043899910,Not Recommended,265550,12048433,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,hayden1736,"Hilariously awful. Dont bother, save your money."
76561198080178977,Not Recommended,265550,12058528,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Bgermain,bad verson unplayable. nonstop skipping
,Not Recommended,265550,11990676,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ShakkaPanda,"This port is a terrible piece of garbage. It barely runs on even super low settings. My rig should be just fine for this but it's just tanking. Who knows if it's a fun game, you'll just have to ask your XboxOne friends...I wanted to give this series another try, since the dead rising 2 port was a nightmare too, but that faith I had in them was misplaced. DONT GET THIS TILL THERE ARE TONNNNS OF PATCHES  to fix it. It's BROKEN"
76561198046399831,Not Recommended,265550,11992247,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Resolution_x,"Doesn't Get Past the Loading Screen, and is Curently Un-Playable as of 9/5"
76561198031003291,Not Recommended,265550,11992437,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Party Pete,Need's better performance and graphics options.
,Not Recommended,265550,11992908,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Mighty Maus,"I'd probably rate this game with a big 'ol Thumbs up. If it could get past the loading screen. However luckily Capcom decided to reduce the amount of time spent bugtesting this on multiple systems. (At least this is what I assume.) Due to the overwhelming amount of people who can't load the game, crash at the loading screen, or can't play for an extended period of time due to the game crashing every few minutes.This game does not work. Therefore I cannot review it. If it worked, I could review it. Maybe, before releasing a game, developers need to make sure the game works with minimum bugs and errors.My game has above the minimum requirements to run this game, and I've tried multple things in order to fix it, none of which worked."
,Not Recommended,265550,11992931,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Blood Anthetic,"Do not buy this game, horrible port, is much as it sucks to say buy an Xbone and play it there, or wait for some mods to come out,30fps cap sucks, and it doesn't get much better if you uncap it, apparantly they didnt test this on very many machines"
76561198064786143,Not Recommended,265550,11993575,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,[ Blank ],"All I have to say is this game, this game is just the biggest kill joy ever my computer can run tomb rader on max graphics including the hair, which completly kills most computers. They got the hype up so much and they put no work in to optimizing this because there is so much lag even when i put the graphics on low. I wish i could get a refund, and the only way I will take this back is if they fix the stupid lag that happens for no reason. steam please fix this your disapointing us."
,Not Recommended,265550,12019127,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Shawn,"I was pretty excited about this port but I can't even get it to load correctly on my screen.  Currently it takes up the bottom right half of my screen.  I run at a high resolution, 2560x1600 dell ultra sharp, so I was assuming that might be the issue, but even moving to my 1080p monitor it does the same thing.Based off my experience and other cusomter reviews it's very apparenty this was not ready for PC release.  Bad PC ports.  Don't recommend as of now.EDIT: It seems they have resolved the loading issue for me on this side, I can finally play the game."
76561198065261921,Not Recommended,265550,12019424,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,TheGuyWhosGrim,This game is quite literally impossible to play which is sad because I would really really like to play it.
,Not Recommended,265550,12019449,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Jeeez,Don't buy this POS.
,Not Recommended,265550,12022818,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,omeiran,"I love this game, But we need patch to fix the CRASH, After 20 min the game it will crash"
76561198022327200,Not Recommended,265550,12038133,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,alex33x,"The game is unplayable even on high end systems. I have a $4000.00 Alienware, who should run this like nothing. I've never had an issue with any games on steam before, but the frame rate on this game is just broken. Random crashes happen every 5 minutes and cutscenes will not play.Buy at your own risk,"
76561198003492643,Not Recommended,265550,12038187,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,VatelFak,"Dead Rising 3 is AWESOME, but don't buy it yet..The game needs some major crash fixes! I can't play it for more than 10mins at a time without crashing.Anyways, i won't recommend this game untill the crashes have been fixed!"
76561197987163251,Not Recommended,265550,12039880,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,RACISTFROGMEMES,"They should have probably tested this game before they released it, Completely unplayable."
76561198079650926,Not Recommended,265550,12040299,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,ZeroTheKitten,"it keeps crashing, cant play for more than 5mins without a crash."
76561198064791348,Not Recommended,265550,12040330,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Kitty,"This peice of JUNK doesnt work. I have an i 7, 900 watt machine with the latest gigabyte graphic card and dead rising 3 doesnt play at all..!!I know peope say you need to modify this peice of junk to make it work. BUT I DIDNT PAY 50$ TO SIT DOWN AND TRYYY TO MAKE IT WORK ON MY ALREADY ADVANCED PC. that was the game developers responsibility which was completely nto followed by themADVICE TO OTHERS : DONT BUY IT PLEASE."
,Not Recommended,265550,12059518,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,FuelCowboy,"Wow, I have just bought a $50 dollar game that I can not even play, and on the rare occusion that the game does open the screen tareing and fps dips are so terrible it makes me want to break my computer. I have a A-18 so performace is not a issue, I have taken every shortcut and trouble shoot avaible to the public and applyed it, still sub par quality and performance, i shouldn't have to do all this to a new game for starters. Bottom line capcom, fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥before you release it to the public. This will be my last Capcom game purchase."
,Not Recommended,265550,12098172,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,James,"The gameplay is fun but it is poorly optimized, after enabling SLI manually the game looks pretty good however the game crashes every 5-10 mins (even before I enabled SLI) this seems pretty common I have tried crash fix solutions from  different forums and none really fixed it. Don't buy it until the crashes an other problems are fixed, could have been a 7/10, in it's current state I would give it 1/10 as it is unplayable for a lot of people."
76561198006587104,Not Recommended,265550,12099309,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Beef Supreme,"Looks like a fun game , wish i could play it. It crashes after about 5 minutes , would not recommend it untill they fix the issuses."
76561198120392545,Not Recommended,265550,12099332,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ToastOnCat hellcase.com,i cant up to 30 fps i was waiting for the game for a looooooooooonnnnnnnggggggg time :(
76561198100782458,Not Recommended,265550,12019405,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,DanAntSmi,You ruined my dreams of zombie killing with your random crashes shame shame shame on you capcon the update ruined it all
,Not Recommended,265550,12036611,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Dave Caffeine,"This is a great game, however it is currently plagued with a plethora of game crippling bugs.I'd suggest waiting for the bugs to be fixed before buying."
,Not Recommended,265550,12036934,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Zuez,"Capcom is too damn busy making dlcs and not busy taking there time makeing a game or even a damn decent port.its disaponting too cause this game have alot of potential but it get murderd by damn glitches and slowed down frames too.I wouldnt recomned getting it right now tho, id defiently wait for capcom to fix it if there ever do. (which they wont)"
76561198148691798,Not Recommended,265550,12040565,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Little Red,Im so upset to see the game in this condition. I was looking forward to it for months. GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER CAPCOM!!!!!
76561198015513300,Not Recommended,265550,12041626,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Chad Sexington,Bad Port
,Not Recommended,265550,12044930,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Bearded-Manchild,"If you only like to play in 20min burst its great! - Its a very fun game, in a few months I'm sure it will be all I'll play, but right now it crashes too often. Don't buy for another year until it's fixed."
,Not Recommended,265550,12045301,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,BRYAN J4NSS3N,"Don't buy this game, it doesn't work, most laptop users can't get past the loading screen (crash) and those few who can play are plagued by game breaking bugs and crashes, it seems pirated versions somehow work better. Also Crapcom lacks communication and only comes with workarounds that don't work for most people instead of providing a fix. It seems that beta testing is something new to capcom....."
,Not Recommended,265550,12003444,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,DongMcShlingShlong,"Love DR3, sucks that Steam crashes every 5 mins and makes me have to manual save after every microsecond. Capcom at this point is riot. Fix my exe crash"
,Not Recommended,265550,12027804,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,falloutbos34,"Worst waste of money I spent on a gameOf the 5 hours I spent in the game at least half was spent on loading screens and slow as molasses cutscenes.  At the highest  graphics or lowest graphics it is the same framerate and the game stalls and stutters.  The worst conversion I had since Resident Evil: Code Veronica on the PS2 still kept the control scheme in the tutorial from the dreamcast (are we surprised, it's another Capcom game).  It also screws up my computer while I play it since it seems to suck up all of the attention of my computer. Will not buy another Capcom game off of steam again.  2/10 just for the potential it could have had from the XBONE.  What a Joke."
76561198028088556,Not Recommended,265550,12112880,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,mlynch10,does not work
76561198092222787,Not Recommended,265550,12128076,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Scruffdaddy,I tried the frame rate unlock thing and it still the frame rates drop to an unplayable rate i move the camra and it take a few seconds for the game to catch up I'm using a lap top its an asus I opened up my task mannager and it said the game was only useing 20% of my cpu. Idk if its my lap top or the game at this point. I would recomend this game if I could play it but I can't.Lap top specs:i5-3230M cpu2.60 Ghz but it runs at about 3 Ghz6 GB of ram
,Not Recommended,265550,12128879,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Lishainik,And I thought Rome II was badly optimised on release... At least I could play.
76561198116677719,Not Recommended,265550,12144560,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Llumin,it still doesnt work
76561198135438345,Not Recommended,265550,12145186,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,ncgee,Still stuck on that loading screen... Best Game Ever
,Not Recommended,265550,12241658,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Wyvern,"ok this game is fun i admit but...it is sodamnSLOOOOWi dont have bad ram or memory but this thing chugs along HORRIBLY on the LOWEST settings, and there is a bug every time you enter ranging from, the game flipping between controller controls and keyboard controlls, to the game missing like 70% of the goddamn map it is frustrating how GOD DAMN BUGGY IT ISand it has beenn out a while now and almost fifty dollars for a buggy as hell game? wtf man"
,Not Recommended,265550,12091750,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,WakinBakin,Frequent disconnects on Co-Op. Game crashes constantly. Don't buy till fixed
76561198039759667,Not Recommended,265550,12111457,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Arthoros,♥♥♥♥ing no 4 player co-op ♥♥♥♥♥ass n!ggers
,Not Recommended,265550,12111972,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,SebTech33,"To be honest this game sucked more than Dead Rising 2: Off the Record, there is no Sandbox mode and its har to save in nightmare mode!"
,Not Recommended,265550,12131771,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,KG_Azrael,Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥Capcom... this game has a lot of potential but I cannot play it for the reason I bought it.... co-op with my friends.
76561197982265387,Not Recommended,265550,12134173,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Kanj,"Okay so i have no clue what happend. I downloaded the game, played like the first 20 minutes of the game. Got to the garrage couldn't get any further because i started crashing. On top of that i'm now having trouble playing any game on steam for some reason."
76561198099584582,Not Recommended,265550,12134939,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,YF19,"I want to refund this♥♥♥♥♥♥game. This is Dead Crashing 3, All you can feel is crash after crash. F.u.PCOM!"
,Not Recommended,265550,12019786,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Detective Naoto Shirogane,"The game itself is fantastic on Xbox One and as such, I expected no less for the computer port, HOWEVER, we're presented with an unprepared port once again that presents itself at low intervals of optimisation to the point where even LOW QUALITY settings have a rather difficult time keeping pace with the game itself at framerates that drop to around 15-20 FPS. Nonetheless, we hopefully expect this game to be fully patched and have the capabilities of being optimized to the point where it is playable on any sort of based scaling of quality and operating systematics.それがあっても低品質の設定は持っている点への最適化の低い間隔で自分自身を提示したが、私たちは再び準備されていないポートを提示されている、ゲーム自体は、Xbox One上で素晴らしいです、そのようなものとして、私は、コンピュータポートにはあまり期待できない周り15-20にFPSをドロップフレームレートでゲーム自体のペースを保つことなく、困難な時期。それにもかかわらず、私たちはうまくいけば、このゲームは完全にパッチ、それは品質と操作系統性のベーススケーリングの任意の並べ替えで再生可能な場所のポイントに最適化されているの能力を持っていることを期待しています。"
,Not Recommended,265550,12020111,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,DeadEye,Its broken.... the ♥♥♥♥ers
76561198090869130,Not Recommended,265550,12020252,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,cptkraftdiner12,becose gsme crash every 5min ♥♥♥♥kk
76561198055279583,Not Recommended,265550,12036116,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,sliderpw,"I have never maanged to get past the loading screen to actually play this game. Capcom have yet to release any kind of patch and seem to be content with getting users to try and find workarounds including downgrading your graphis driver. In my view they are missing the point totally, why should I have to do this for a new game. Nothing has worked for me and I am still unable to play a game I purchased on a pre-release, 3 -4 days after it I was meant to play this."
76561198126453355,Not Recommended,265550,12029508,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,reef_king,Do not buy this game. It crashes all the time capcom fix your game.
76561198002099181,Not Recommended,265550,12031163,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Blazin,"Do not buy, nothing but a blank screen on start up. Too many issues for now. Save your money till the issues are fixed. Money is better off towards bills."
,Not Recommended,265550,12031203,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Derrickforfuckingreal,looks like it'd be fun but not worth paying 44 bucks for to not getting past the loading screen
,Not Recommended,265550,12031283,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Beardo,"It's a fun game. The whole creating weapons and killing tons of zombies is great. The graphics are good, gameplay is fun, ya know, the whole shabang. It also has so many problems though. Like when I waited for 20 minutes trying to get into a coop game and had the game crash on me during the loading screen four or five times. After finally getting into a game, I play with the guy for a little bit, and then the game crashes. Great. Woo. Rinse and Repeat until you give up. Also, in my experience, when it crashes, it saves your plot but not your inventory. I lost quite a few boss weapons from this. Quitting the game just leaves a frozen screen up until I crtl + alt + delete out. The game also performs rather badly, going anywhere in between 20-60fps at any given moment. I am not going to recommend this until it gets some sort of performance patch."
76561198133712939,Not Recommended,265550,12033223,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,NX,still cannot playing until now. what a useless game :(
,Not Recommended,265550,12033890,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Achidov,"if it would work on my laptop it would be geat.and for any of you, im using i7 computer.so dont think its my computer its the compenythey havnt check the game on LAPTOPS!so for now dont buy and wast your money."
,Not Recommended,265550,12036152,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Eric. c,lame
76561198004273980,Not Recommended,265550,12039478,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,RynxXK5,"So I have only played this game for maybe 20 minutes, all 20 looking straight at the title screen as it crashes over and over and over and over. Do not buy unless you want to wait for a patch. Worst investment of 2014. Thanks for a crappy B-day Capcom."
,Not Recommended,265550,12086138,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,The Answer,"Can't play co-op, constant freeze problems when joining/hosting games. this is effectively a single player game. And even as a single player game it has tons of loading lag/ stuttering problems even for high end gears on medium settings. poorly optimzied.Worst part is that capcom has yet to respond to any of my/other players problems, nor have they acknowledge them at the least. Poor support, It's like they didn't even test it before releasing.Thanks for scamming my money Capcom, I'm never paying for another capcom product again nor should you."
,Not Recommended,265550,12087419,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Grimm,I dislike how i cant even play the damn game on my graphic catd that does play new gen games. I am furious bout this and want my 50$ back.
76561197969786287,Not Recommended,265550,12088893,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Darin,"The game is a lot of fun when while it runs, but boy does it crash a lot.  There's no rhyme or reason to it, it just likes to crash without any warning, error logging, nothing."
,Not Recommended,265550,12089427,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Aeon Talnare,Honestly I would say get anouther game this ones requirements are too high and the key issue is changing resolution doesnt help at all and $60.00 for a PC STUFFER isnt worth it till this game gets reduced in requirements I give it a flat kick to the nads ZERO!
76561198035703808,Not Recommended,265550,12089451,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Flash,"Extremely fun! Sadly, can not reccommend due to crashes."
76561198053233891,Not Recommended,265550,12094111,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,bender798,"Game is broken after two weeks release to where you cant even go past the loading screen is pathetic, I would not reccomend this until they have fixed this very common occurance."
76561198134569026,Not Recommended,265550,12079073,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Ares Hee,window8.1 no support
,Recommended,265550,22550267,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,LEGEND41ARY,"Survival may not be always be pretty in Dead Rising 3, but it's fun to roam around in this LA-inspired setting for Capcom's latest take on a zombie apocalypse. You'll be able to hop in a car and traverse from one end of this city to the other in about five minutes, but the thrill is in the journey rather than the destination. And if you happen to be making the trek on a RollerHawg, a combination of a steamroller and motorcycle, that journey will cheerily mulch a couple of hundred zombies into paste."
,Not Recommended,265550,17522659,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Bigodon99,"good game, but awful port and support from crapcomnot much to say than this"
76561197968503804,Recommended,265550,17628480,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,DuckMilk,WHAT'S IN YOUR HEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAD?IN YOUR HEEEEEE-EEE-EEE-EEEEAAAAD!ZOMBIE ZOMBIE ZOMBIE EH EH EH OH!
,Recommended,265550,28897046,Posted: 1 January,all,Curtis Durane,"A classic story, It will be remember for many years to come... I would give a 0/10♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game"
,Not Recommended,265550,12146074,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,muckle4,"Update: It's been a little over a month since release now. And the preformance is STILL terrible. It can't even show that I'm moving. I start moving, but alas, I ""teleport"" to where I stopped pressing ""W"". Not quite as bad as before, but still just as bad.I'll change this rating eventually, but REALLY????? The graphics are absolute bullcrock. And you can'teven change it. It's STUCK THERE. Not going to play this until the graphics get upgraded. Freaking terrible."
,Recommended,265550,25183529,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,SOY_PANDA,GREAT!!!!
,Recommended,265550,16666894,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,laD,So worth the 20$
,Recommended,265550,19672381,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ONLYME,Very Funny
,Recommended,265550,21947897,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Purple,it is very slow and lags out but if you have a great gameing pc get it
76561198081765000,Recommended,265550,15931185,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,tylerprime,Fun game can be annoying at times and it requires a powerful computer to run but its still fun
76561198084947430,Recommended,265550,24150593,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,PowerHouseBrad,"Just finished this game, had a lot of fun going threw it....also some disapointments with that said at no pointed did i evere feel like quiting and giving up on this game....there is some problems with this game but nothing to Major the question most of you are probably asking is, is it as good as the first two games!....no it isnt, There just something missing from this one to make it ledgondary like the 1 and 2. but this game was still fun as hell and i will probably spart going threw it again asap.Cons+ combat was an aprovment+ level up system was way better+ guns are actully useful this time around+ game is long its ptobablt longer than 1 and 2 put togather+ boss fights are unique from fight to fight, unlike the first two where you just hit them till they die, bosses have weaknesses good luck finding them all.+ massive open world for this type of game+Zombies Zombies everywhere (literally that about of zombies on sceen at once is crazy as hell really gets the blood going.+ clothing is now selectable. Meaning you can mix and match your clothing unlike before where it was pre-setCons-Driving is a improvment over the 1st 2 games, yet it still hands like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and this can start to be a problem when you notice you drive a hell of a lot more in DR3 than the pass 2 games. liltarly your car will get stuck over nothing at times. you will see a path that ur bike can easily fit threw....yet you can noty fit and usually get stuck.-Resucing surviors isnt as fun as it once was, now you just pretty much go to them and thats it, in the 1st 2 you kinda got a little mini story from these people witch made it a lot more fun.-mesh problems meaning nick will get stuck over nothimg now and then and u have to slap the jump button a few times, not to bad though.-the story its self is actully really good, the problem is the game dont actully get into plot until the last few hours of the game, but once it did it got really intresting, the story could have been much better if they paced it a little better.-at first Nick looks like a awesome main character the pulled back on the over the top action hero vibe the first 2 games had, and then.....nothing happends her was kind of forgetable, unlike Chuck for his 80's action hero movies 1 liners and Frank for being a Smart♥♥♥♥♥OVERALL 7/10if Campcom patches again i will change my review but from what I have scene looks like they really been putting the over time into patching this game cause a few months ago it wasnt even playable. I'm Hoping DR4 is made for pc instead of porting PC ports are rarly as smooth. with that said im very excited for DR4"
76561198063086401,Recommended,265550,21220312,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,H R,Good game bad port. 5/10Spoiler:Wait Chucks in this game? 10/10 game of the decade!
76561197999734310,Not Recommended,265550,16092679,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Shooter51,"Huge fan of DR1 and 2.So, this with more than a grain of salt when I say that this game blows. Miserable cutscenes and the voice acting is terrible.My rig is more than good enough to run this game on high settings, but I still encounter visual lag + FPS drops. Terrible port.Everything I loved about the old games isn't here.Sorely disappointed."
76561198065534670,Recommended,265550,31208573,Posted: 17 April,all,[VAV] Hen,It's alright
76561198260050478,Recommended,265550,31218356,Posted: 18 April,all,RD_littlechi,"You konw what?The Annoying man in this game,I will take a lot of things to harassment you"
76561198069983999,Not Recommended,265550,26423280,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ninja105467,knknkn
,Recommended,265550,24399862,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Squareslug,"This game is a blast! I ended up getting all the DLC with the Apocalypse Edition which really let me tear up the content within. Sure, some of the DLC weapons break the game a bit but this particular game is just for SANDBOX MAYHEM most of the time so it's fine.If you don't know what the Dead Rising series is for some reason, it's essentially you playing a character that's tasked with getting out of a zombie outbreak ... and somehow solving the mystery of that contained area as you go.  The story isn't really the strong point lolThese games have always been about big dumb fun slaughtering as many zombies as you can while completing objectives along the way. Rounding up civilians and taking out pychopaths are the main side objectives you'll see here.The gameplay is really where this game will shine. You'll find a massive amount of weapons that you can combine into many various zombie slaughtering combo masterpieces. You'll really want to try them all and pick your favorites along the way. You can also do all of this in Co-op!There were DLC missions that involved civilians of the world that you can play as but I didn't really bother with them. You seem to still be in the same world and it just feels like more collecting in the end, even if there's a new story sprinkled on top of it."
,Recommended,265550,32789666,Posted: 25 June,all,a very triggered kiko,"This dead rising was one of my favorite,(i played the others on console), the costumes, everythings great,10 out of 10"
76561198206016836,Recommended,265550,32788352,Posted: 25 June,all,GamingPsycho89,best dead rising game in the franchise. god forbid 4
76561198077099249,Recommended,265550,14248446,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Jimbo,If you like killing zombies this is for you
76561198062946132,Recommended,265550,28960204,Posted: 2 January,all,Rainsbow,Very entertaining.Always something to do.
,Recommended,265550,13159063,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SneakyBeaver,I was able to run it on high without frame drops. Campaign was fun and sides were cool too.If you have trouble with the fps then your rig is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198201655917,Recommended,265550,32587311,Posted: 20 June,all,tyikol,good game
76561198053933286,Not Recommended,265550,19437045,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Relk_Cehi,"Well I was 95% through the game and as you may have heard there's one achievement that is nearly impossible to get unless you try the whole thing again. So I go to back up my files and it fails. I look for info on what to do and Steam itself tells me to verify game files. My comupter shut down when I tried to load it up which I guess it mistook for re-installing the game. When I finally get to play it, all the stuff I have collected in the past run had disappeared and there's no way I'm doing all that work for the PP Trials again.If you don't want to complete this game 100% then go for it. If you're a completionist then find another game."
76561198352311674,Recommended,265550,33155520,Posted: 2 July,all,Geme1997,It's ok I guess
,Recommended,265550,11993438,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Barkie_Mailman,"This is the type of game I would actually recommend to anyone. It's action packed, loads of fun, and has some great humor as well.Playing this makes me want to try Dead Rising 2....but my PC chokes to death on Games for Windows live. Dead Rising 2 Steam edition, or Dead Rising 4 will be insta-purchases for me :)"
,Recommended,265550,23878804,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Helmet Pants,Great game! Would crash every 15 min. but a quick search showed a video that easily corrected the problem. Looking at getting another for my son so we can play co-op.
76561197964128278,Recommended,265550,25782441,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,EvilBob,I'm going to say this is my favorite kind of Dead Rising.Its just silly enough with just enough of the good kinds of weapons and just enough carnage to really be a fun game to play for awhile.  And then new game plus brings a whole new experience because you aren't as worried anymore.  And then new game plus again and its just funny.
76561198042812061,Recommended,265550,22385538,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,upload420,"Not sure why all the bad reveiws. Good port in my eyes. Has good mods. Also best game of the series or at least runner up to the first. I really like this game. I just picked it back up after playing fallout 4 and the division. Trust me here, don't listen to the bad reviews. If you like DR games give this a try. Also there is a infinite mode via mods.  easly a 9/10 for me!!!"
,Recommended,265550,22402695,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Colé,Would you lick that lolli *pop* for meeeeeeeee? 10/10
,Not Recommended,265550,29079998,Posted: 6 January,all,bearadigm,bad port is bad
,Recommended,265550,21439506,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Barrel Casket,">Buys Dead Rising 3 to play co-op with friend>Huge map is insane>So big I forget we were playing co-op>Accidently kill friend because I thought he was a psycho>mfw I am the real psychoGood conclusion to the Dead Rising seriesor is it the end...?.Crafting weapons has gotten easyer, the vehicles around the map make things super easy. Even on NIGHTMARE mode the game is still easy to complete on single player.Difficulty does ramp up near the end, so if your not ready then you better just restart.Kills are counted through all playthroughs, still have not killed the entire city's worth of people though.Favorite combo weapon:Building a nuclear bomb was the bomb7/10 if your not a Dead Rising fan, but 8/10 if you enjoy senseless slaugther of zombinos.Bring a Bro for twice as much mahem."
,Recommended,265550,27690984,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Wong,"Good game, map feels a little small but its quite large and large varriety of items to collect even more fun when playing with friends."
,Recommended,265550,26545629,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Theus,Good game...
,Not Recommended,265550,24237066,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,FilthyCasual69,Most of the 4 hours I spent trying to make this poorly optimized port of an xbox one game to work would not recommend unless you have a pc that can run this.
76561198111278600,Not Recommended,265550,20477882,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,necromarker killer,welcome to crash city population dead rising 3 they need to fix this
76561198026916028,Not Recommended,265550,20542562,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,P01NTMAN,Game Crashes every 10 mins
,Not Recommended,265550,20530253,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Microraptor,"it doesent really work, It just opens as a black screen and crashes"
76561198060619103,Not Recommended,265550,20494390,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,eNemy_HUN,"very easy bosses, weak story ..."
,Not Recommended,265550,16884711,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Theomenkid_0,"""Dead Rising 3 Apocalypse Edition"" wasent that your Pre-Order promise? so what did i get for my loyalty? a broken mess on day one and nothing special to show i ♥♥♥♥ing supported you and your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ broken game f*ck you, you lying scum"
76561197995448136,Not Recommended,265550,12227010,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Party Mild,"My current playtime for this game is 72 mintues.  That's not 72 mintues of killing zombies and crafting weapons and enjoying the story...  That is a solid 72 collective minutes, loading to a black screen with a crash followed by my desktop.  3 Patches later, nothing has changed.  Capcom, fix this horrible mistake and stop scamming us for your terrible remakes and 'Special Editions'.  You killed off your own mascot, and you make terrible copy & paste versions of everything. But most importantly, you have basically ruined my hopes of playing this series to finish this trilogy.  All I wanted was to throw $50 out the window and play a mindless zombie killing game.  I might as well have thrown my money out the window and expected nothing in return.  Now I will play this whenever it DOES decide to work... But that is not going to undo your reputation.  Garbage, there are indie games that don't even screw up this bad.  Pure Garbage."
76561198174229550,Recommended,265550,18853108,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,MoonBow,.
,Not Recommended,265550,18825129,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,VoidSpanker,"I really wish I could have enjoyed this game.Unfortunately the cutscenes looked like butts in 30fps, and it crashed every 15 minutes.If you want a great PC port? Go to Dead Rising 2. I'll re pick up this game if they ever fix the issues."
76561198067885241,Not Recommended,265550,18826256,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Greenthumbs,"I highly recommend NOT buying this game. It doesn't work at all, and neither Steam nor Capcom will offer any support. E mails are not returned and calls go straight to a voice mail. COMPLETE AND TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME."
76561198020320559,Not Recommended,265550,18907785,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Immortan Joejoe,"As a game it's fine not great not bad, wasn't worth the 50-60 (I forget forgive me) dollars I put into it though and that is a problem with it. When it comes to the Dead Rising series which I do actual love for how whimsey it is this one seems to try to be serious and whimsical at the same time rather than focus on one or the other. It is still as fun and has ridiculous weapons and such but it's not introducing anything REALLY new to the game series other than more weapons and vehciles.It's fun for passing time by but don't expect it to do much else than that. If it's on sale and you really want to play it go for it you'll be smarter than I was!"
76561198090543262,Not Recommended,265550,18150408,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,It's The Nutshack!,"Didn't wanna believe the negative reviews about the poor optimization but unfortunately they're true. I can run most games on the highest settings just fine with no lag but this requires me to use the lowest settings and still lags like hell. It's a shame because gameplay-wise it's actually a really fun game, better than DR2 although DR1 will still always be my favorite.Pros:+Open World instead of just one mall+More combo weapons+Combo vehicles+Unique and sometimes funny bosses+Survivors are a little more usefull. Kinda.+Relatable main character+Overall fun gameplay (If you have the capacity run it)+Co-op makes player 2 a bit more useful and relevant than in previous gamesCons:-Good luck running this even at lowest settings-Lag Rising 3-Despite being more usefull, survivors are still annoying and get in the way-Some survivors will make you run errands all over the map, only to tell you ""Thanks, but I'll take my chances on my own!"" and run off after you've spent 30 minutes helping them and expecting to gain a survivor-There's a command menu to command survivors to attack, follow, and scavange, but no option to tell them to wait somewhere in the corner (despite it being an option in the other DR games) while you handle a surprise boss, forcing you to babysit them the entire boss fight-You do not have the ability to close doors after opening them (again another simple feature taken out despite being in the original DR games which is really odd and confusing)-Already mentioned several times but the lag is just so god awful in this game that it sometimes makes combat impossible, resulting in your character swinging and shooting in random directions while a zombie eats you-LAG LAG LAG FREEZE. Did I mention this lags?"
,Not Recommended,265550,17429564,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Tactical Tuna,Meh
76561198013116333,Recommended,265550,17052285,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,bikerush,was okay lag
76561198070846161,Not Recommended,265550,17144649,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,rakkhot,"I'm also gonna go with ""Don't buy the bad PC Port because it's bad."" like many of the other reviews already out.Yea the gameplay is fun, oh whatever, the game is good! But the Port sucks!Why does it have to be like this everytime they port a good game to PC, why shy away from the costs there when you got so many ppl waiting to pay for the game? -.-So conclusion: Game is good but not on PC and Capcom dislikes PC Gamers, so don't give them your money for this wreck."
76561198080399577,Not Recommended,265550,11996243,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Blue,I got so bored
,Recommended,265550,19490802,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Shu Ouma,Why are people so stupid this is an amazing game all you do is MLGDORITOSMOUTAINDEWWEEDSwag8bitsunglassesIlluminatiHalfLife3WowFedoraGabenYOLOAirhornSpookyScarySkeletonsTrollFaceGetOutFrogSniparsWomboCombo8/8m8Hipster360NoScopeOHBABY!ATRIPLETooMuchWaterYouareaPirate!TeletubbiesTheAlmightyLoafShrekEpicFaceStuPicklesDrewPicklesBENDrownedOhNoes!TheErrorBuddyWinstonPewDiePieMarkiplierEBGames420BLAZEIT  and BLOW STUFF UP ALL DAY LONG IF YOU DON'T LIKE THAT YOU ARE NOT HUMAN.
,Recommended,265550,13888119,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Gunnie Dime,i dont see why people are complaining i have just started to play the game and it hasnt crashed plus there is not i 30 fps cap. Its a great game
76561198099775606,Recommended,265550,12768773,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,WhiteDevil,"Runs fine as far as I can tell, wanted to get an X1 just for this game but I couldnt at the time so glad its came to PC! So far I already feel this is better than the first and second as right of the bat it has a darker and more serious tone but still retains in comedic undertones. The movement is so fluid and feels great to play, not to mention unlike alot of games the protagonist Nick is very likable and not some generic meathead in any way. Deffinately recommend to any zombie/gore enthusiast and to people that just wanna mess around and have fun in Co-op.Forgot to mention this, to my knowleadge this is the first and only game to have a fully Real-Time zombie-apocalypse in a big City sandbox-openworld style that runs seemlesly that is.8.9/10 [haha]"
,Recommended,265550,23957544,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dr.Zazzerstein the Flowcharter,Dead Rising: Shawn of the Dead edition would have been better.
,Recommended,265550,18462691,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,.tc. Lykaios,I love this game to death Capcom did a great job with the creativity of the weapons Keep it up Capcom i want to see dead rising 4.
,Recommended,265550,20069902,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Grognard_87,"I've been a fan of the series since jumping in as Frank West chasing a story and sadly the game has never had as an interesting character as Frank. I believe the game is alright, but I wouldn't rate it too highly.The Good:-Great crafting mechanic. A bit hilarious with some of the combos, but some very destructive and fun combos-Lots of endless zombies!-A large open world that feels like a real city-More than enough time for missions-Levelling up gives you the ability to substitude parts that are similar as well as a choice.-Safe houses give you the ability to regain weapons you've either crafted or items you've picked up so you can combine them.-The plot is interesting, but dissappointing in some aspects, which I won't spoil here.The Bad:-Due to roadblocks, which do make for some creative ways of travel, can be a real pain when you need to get to the third area from the 1st.-The bad-end exploration where you find people who killed themselves it plays a depressing music tune, but you get aweful puns like someone who set themselves on fire and it says ""They couldn't stand the heat."" or other stupid lines which don't reflect the music, nor the character's reaction and comes off like a kid trying to use dark humour.-When I was first playing the game I had no idea how to get rid of Survivors. In pervious games, you simply brought them back to the safehouse as the idea was you were trying to get survivors out of the area or, in the case of Dead Rising 2, hole up in a bunker until the military sweep up. Here, survivors are 2 types. Ones who you save and run off, earning you PP whilst others tag along with you like old games, but that is their main use. As backup muscle and it's never explained how to remove them from the party.The Ugly:-Though there aren't any issues with graphics normally, there is often a terrible ""pop-in"" effect where everything is low rez for a few seconds and then cleans itself up.-This will be hit or miss with people but most of the character's themselves are rarther bland and i never really felt a sense of urgency when they were in danger. I felt about as concerned as Willy Wonka ""No, stop, come back.-for me there's not enough to warrent a second playthrough unless you are one of those people who needs 100% completeion. Besides from that there's really no other reason.Overall I'd recommend this game on a discount, but certainly not the full price as I don't feel it quite justifies it."
76561198044624523,Recommended,265550,31567905,Posted: 5 May,all,Coco,"Feels a lot more forgiving than previous Dead Rising installments. Weapons still feel just as fun as before. The added use of moddable vehicles helps with the god appeal as well as the huge increase of zombies. There's still a sense of urgency with the plot with the constantly ticking down clock, but at the same time you feel as though you still have time to do all the missions and collectables."
,Recommended,265550,31550230,Posted: 4 May,all,metro,great game ifr you can run it
76561198011502457,Not Recommended,265550,34103863,Posted: 8 August,all,v48e12 (Insane by culture),terrible support they just gave a big middel finger to players who bought it on the pc by not giving any support graphicly its got somany bugs it dousnt even work any more
76561198397141416,Recommended,265550,34821546,Posted: 8 September,all,bangkaikering,7/10
,Not Recommended,265550,32076251,Posted: 30 May,all,call me banjo,"im a big fan of the dead rising games this one is alot smoother than the others they finally fixed the aiming for guns and added guts and organs to zombies instead of that red goop in there bodys the game is verry fun the graphics are great and u can have 50,000 of zombies on the screen at a time and the map is 4 towns all in one big city instead of a croweded mall u can drive every were with vehicals and the zombies can damage the cars aswell now for the bad news the main character isnt a baddass or cool guy like chuck and frank instead he is a whinny kid  and allways has a scard ♥♥♥♥♥less look on his face in every scene and its is wimmpy and the ending of this game is about love witch is not a good ending for a zombie game and the game is way to easy u can do a 100% playthrough with your fists the bossed are not even a challange they arnt phycos just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that represent the 7 deadly sins its rather sad really and there is a quto aim button incase u dont want to actally point and shoot not to mention u can run and jump off of 2 storry building =while sprinting and vaulting over things with a giant weapon in your hand  the game is way to fast paste and evry thing is to easy it isnt a challage at all and beside s killing zombies with 1 hit every thing even fists  theres not really much to it unlike the classics this is a game not really worth the time unlike the clasic dead rising games witch are all good"
76561198190767169,Recommended,265550,34792184,Posted: 7 September,all,AmsyarxD,"I need help, when I start launcing Dead Rising 3, the whole words and pics all that are 3D'ed. I am really disappointed, i have no idea how to disable the 3D effect.. Help"
76561198050540023,Recommended,265550,34810266,Posted: 8 September,all,blackcray,First I thought Hilde was the lust psycho....then I met Dylan...10/10!!
,Recommended,265550,23978817,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bryan VR,"Amazing game! I haven't played it enough but I must say that the first 2 hours that I played... I'd just got fascinated with the lots of things and improvements that this game has comparated with the 2nd.Yes it has one issue for WIN 10 users, but I've found a discussion on the forums which helped me to solve it in less than 30 mins and after that I was enjoying this fantastic game.GOOD THINGS:-IMPROVED GAMEPLAY IN GENERAL (CRAFTING, MAPPING, COMBAT,  CUSTOMIZATION, MATES COMMANDS, ETC...)-INCREDIBLE GRAPHIC ENGINE and when I say that, I'm also talking about the FPS fluency, cinematics, quick time events, etc-INTERESTING STORY, whiich is linked with DR2 if you played enough to know some of the characters-BAD THINGS:-FEW VISUAL BUGS, I haven't found other kind of it yet.-TOO MANY BUTTONS AND ACTIONS, this wouldn't be a problem if you have a controller, but I don't XDAn that's what I've got at the moment...I must say that I bought the Collectors Bundle (DDR2.DDR OR and DR3+DLC´´S) but I'm very sattisfied with my purchase, so if you got the possibility to buy this bundle... then do it!"
76561198191033885,Recommended,265550,24007727,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,The Night King,Love it for the story and met some nice people :)
,Recommended,265550,32240453,Posted: 7 June,all,vilzujunior11,Good Game
,Recommended,265550,21917730,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Kassy,awesome
,Recommended,265550,21917180,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,GamerGuyRye419,OK so what I'm not happy with is the fact that i had this bought this game around 2 weeks ago at 64.99 and now its on sale for 70 precent off! That actually hurts.
,Recommended,265550,12024840,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,f00d,"Aside from the FPS Cap fix. This game runs very well! I used Steam's In-home-streaming with an Xbox Controller, and streamed it through powerline adapters to another room and played it on my 55"" 1080p 240hz TV. Only had a slight hiccup, and that was with a network issue for 5-10 seconds. I played it for 38hours with only that issue.Graphics are definitely last-gen. Story is a bit weak. But goddamn is it fun! I highly recommend it to anyone who has a decent PC that wants to just have some zombie bashing fun."
,Recommended,265550,17113958,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Omega Syrus,"It isn't the travesty of a port that everyone would have you believe. It runs decent though the post-processing motion blur introduces a fair amount of input lag.I can recommend this game, on sale or around $20. I would not pay full price. Though that has nothing to do with it being a mediocre port.The game itself plays well and the gameplay is good. But it is shallow and you'll find yourself killing zombies to level up and exploring to find more outlandish outfits. The story is ""meh""... and that's being generous.TL;DR: Buy it on sale, play it to kill zombies. If you're expecting anything more, pass on this one."
76561198073855152,Not Recommended,265550,25339586,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,xpert123150,Achievement glitches
76561198207912437,Not Recommended,265550,25301964,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,mikeyb198125,"game would close after few mins very annoying, i have a laptop way above recommended max settings maybe a driver problem"
,Recommended,265550,29112712,Posted: 8 January,all,Pentatonix,NEVER BETTER!
,Recommended,265550,26666055,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,IonicCarnevil,Really fun game... Looking forward to Dead Rising 4.
76561198048920568,Not Recommended,265550,16198538,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,MestoBaby,Didn't the new steam update include enabled refunds? Can someone please tell me how to do this with this game.
,Recommended,265550,25110605,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Martin :3,Ate entire watermelon at once. 10/10
76561198039406433,Recommended,265550,19979719,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,John Cena,Tons of fun to be had with this game.
76561198083702012,Recommended,265550,25268697,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Kris26,Finally reach the ending!!!Beat the General Destroy the Drone!!Fantastic Game!!Although FPS lock in 30Great Games!!
,Not Recommended,265550,14085083,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Stryger,"Gameplay is nice, I gotta say I am a little bit dissapointed, the game on PC, is not well optimized and this is very unfortunate, Let me just say that this game was built for console, only. if you have a console, than buy it for your consle. :9"
76561198104668769,Recommended,265550,25071433,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,IrisPoplar,"Another good zombie game IMO, though none will ever be as special to me as Dead Rising 1 (which is getting its long awaited pc / current gen console port in september if you didn't already know) but I actually think this is better than DR 2 and off the record, so many possibilites and ways to kill with weapons and vehicles. And its much easier than before, much more time to explore, have fun and weapons you find will always be at your disposal at safe houses so this time around its like a sandbox of zombie killing.I see lots of reviews saying how its broken but I personally haven't run into any issues, though I realize that doesn't help others who do have them or worry about said issues. It does seem to be locked at 30 fps and there may be a way to fix that but I've played it as is for a little while and gotten used to it. Other than that graphics are great.My only complaints really is that the boss fights aren't as challenging as before, those were so fun to overcome in recent Dead Rising games, though this time around you could easily kill each boss in one try during your first playthrough. And other than that the controls feel stiff sometimes.I have fun with it and if you enjoy killing zombies you most likely will too, i suggest giving it a try. Especially on sale, but I consider $30 to be a very fair price as well, I'm honestly surprised capcom doesn't try to charge 60 for it."
76561198068611165,Recommended,265550,25795914,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,DivineGamr,It sucks it's not on the PS4 but I made a steam account just for this game and I am not dissapointed at all. 5/5.
76561198085767528,Recommended,265550,16508006,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Retlaw523,Yes
76561198067664727,Recommended,265550,28995120,Posted: 3 January,all,DickChibbles,"Fun game, poorly optimized. I can get it to run at 120 fps after unlocking the framerate, but its so unbearably buggy and chugs when it shouldnt. For instance, when i hold left trigger to aim, i glitch out and cant maintain my aim (ive switched controllers and ports and everything else) nothing major but very frustrating when im fighting the military. My frames on the other hand chug like a fat irish guy at a pub. Ive had issues with rendering distances, but even with EVERYTHING on low it runs very weird, usually a standard 60-80 fps, but a general range would be 45-120, 45 being rare and 120 as well. Maybe i should just keep it at 30 fps XD. And if youre just gunna be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and say ""get a better pc"" I can run games ten times more advanced than this on ultra, even though i have a low end cpu.r9 390 8gvram16gb rami5 4460 3.2ghzMy rig is not the problem if you take anything from games you can run. I should be able to shred this game, but of course there will be games that wont be properly optimized for some rigs and some people have more spending money, so they ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan about people who dont have fantastic rigs. News flash, we dont all have hundreds of dollars to spend on our pcs whenever we need an upgrade.Anyways. Buy the game if you want to deal with some tech issues, all in all the game is fun. I do recommend it, but with caution.EDIT: Upgraded my rig to a gtx 1070. Game runs well, better than before, but still need to turn some AA and stuff down to not drop below 60. You will drop. Its the just how its optimized it seems. Like Hitman or JC3 or Arkham knight, you can play it is you arent worried about some heavy drops."
76561198028490594,Recommended,265550,21967042,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Chunk Spadoodie,"I'm seeing all of these negative reviews and I am like:""It's a game about zombies. And killing them. Lots of them."""
76561198009985871,Recommended,265550,21229663,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,TacTix,"i like it well enough, open world zombie fun"
,Not Recommended,265550,14949656,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,panicandrun1989,so i installed the game and it gets to the the capcom logo then freezes but it keeps playing the sound my lap top is more then capeable of running this even in the highest settings to it isn't my hardware
76561198142010061,Not Recommended,265550,14106445,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Sarnt longcock,DO NOT SPEND 50 DOLLARES ON THIS like i did it crashes evrytime made me hate the franchise i loved dead rising 1 and 2 then this comes along the story line was sick but it was boring even with a couple friend not worth 50 more like 20 0r 30
,Not Recommended,265550,16772544,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Errrgy,"Dead risisng 3 was a bad experience for me... i bought it and played it but when i exited tyhe games and then got back on it was super slow, and laggy, and the screen would change and go black"
76561198120120855,Recommended,265550,16760242,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Aki秋,THE END !!
,Recommended,265550,34328272,Posted: 18 August,all,Astiiii,Overall a good game for the time but some mechanics good have been better
,Recommended,265550,28976341,Posted: 3 January,all,Da Wrecker,"Well, couldn't agree more with Destructoid that the game is utterly bonkers, in that the combos, psychos and generally the gameplay overall is utterly batcrap crazy...Do I recommend it though?It depends on if you consider yourself a True Hardcore Dead Rising Trilogy Afficianado,If you are, then go ahead and hit that purchase button.This game gets a helluva things right, but it doesn't start THAT way, rather it starts really crap for new players (ESPECIALLY if you never played the Dead Rising Series before), game starts out horrribly boring, slow & laggy.But after playing a while with the settings (and I can't play the game myself with most settings maxed out, even though I own an Intel i7 Skull Canyon that can run the Witcher 3 on everything set to high with a 2560 x 1080 resolution,  *I have to run this game on 1920 x 1080 resolution*), it gets a hell lot of fun after a while, and the plot has really been created masterfully for the most part (unless you count things that don't really make sense so much after you have completed the game, you'll see).The characterisation for the characters (and with that I mean the way the characters are presented and then fully created within the game) is top notch, Nick is the typical Hispanic who mostly is dealt wiith like some illegal refugee by the game characters in the way they throw typical racial slurs at him (like one of the game characters, a survivor, Hank, tells him ""I've got more experience at this than you've had government handouts""), he's also characterised as the fearless leader who gets bolder and bolder as the story goes on, kind of like Frank West,Rhonda starts out as a kind of lady who's very apt at mechanical repairs and is generally characterised as a sort of tomboy who had decided to ditch her loving boyfriend earlier, only to reunite with him later (you'll see, don't want to spoil it for you, but he's an NPC), while D*ck is well, generally a d*ck, and is by far the most useless person in the game who always butts in to give useless information or acts uselessly in the game and mostly does superfluous things.The game ties its plot arguably fantastically with the other previous Dead Rising games (and this is coming from someone who is a writer in real-life himself).TLDR;Buy it, the only things that really nagged me were the game's performance, the omission of skills that let you move swiftly through the zombies like Dead Rising 1's Zombie Ride skill and possibly also the fact that the pickable items have hitboxes that are annoying as hell to shuffle through when you are trying to collect other items or save the game (they get in the way in the latter and they get picked up by you by mistake in the former).Overall a thoroughly enjoyable romp through the Legacy of The Dead Rising Series with extensive nods at the whole Trilogy (Dead Rising 4 doesn't count, man, we all KNOW how much that sucked)...Arguably the best game in the series once you get used to its performance and its crap item shuffling isues...Get it on sale...9.3/10*2nd Review Edit,Well, played this game for the 6th time now after completing it 5 times already, not counting my Nightmare Playthroughs, am on its Leaderboards if anyone wants to check me out (also managed to get ranked in the Dead Rising 1 HD Survival Leaderboards), well, what can I say, I'm a Dead Rising Nut... But well, while I still stick to my original Dead Rising 3 Rating & Recommendation, I DO have to say that while I thoroughly enjoyed the main campaign, the DLCs for this game bloody well suck, are buggy as hell, and I'd only recommend you play them if you want to get all the Achievements like I did. So while I DO thoroughly recommend the main game, I'd say stay the hell away from the DLCs...They are by far some of the worst DLCs to any game I've played...Frigging roadblocks everywhere you go, glitchy as hell, utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ man...4/10 For The DLCs,9.3/10 For Main Game.*"
76561198049108546,Recommended,265550,34320302,Posted: 17 August,all,NuM_Brrr_WoN,"Awesome game in the series, runs great with todays latest hardware. My GTX 1070 on max settings is getting 90+ fps in 1440p. Really glad I picked this game up on sale, def worth it; super fun!"
,Recommended,265550,24697398,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Bend The Fucking Knee,i had bacon for breakfast
,Recommended,265550,28778247,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DrDino's Fat Cock,"It's fun, tho i don't understand why humans are immune to gunfire but one shot to Nick and you're ♥♥♥♥ed. Also don't bring survivors with you, they are worthless. Make sure you find the dragonhead with the knife gloves, they help with the fire fighter and football player zombies."
76561197972699390,Recommended,265550,34422291,Posted: 22 August,all,MattAtTheEnd,"best of the series, goofy charming ultraviolence        and overrall a lot of fun."
,Recommended,265550,24985547,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Jaregon,steam lowered the price a day after i bought it.... deffinitlly not worth it feelsbadmangame itself is goodwas tasked to find this random girl some spray painti found her spray paintbut used it to make smiley face grafiti everywhere11/10 best game still in 2016
76561198126362555,Recommended,265550,34493497,Posted: 25 August,all,Calialy,"why does this game♥♥♥♥♥♥me the ♥♥♥♥ off. like the ctrl dodge so useless when you get hit by the boss anyways..... this is just not my type of game. Edit: Ok I'm going to change this thumbs down to a thumbs up because... I saw Dead Rising 4. Anyways, I enjoyed Dead Rising 2. Really liked Dead Rising 3. I think people would enjoy the the 'survivors' teaming up with you through out the map :) loved how you can all ride out together in a 4+ seater vehicle. Only thing that needs work is the AI of your team? kinda slow and buggy lol. I hated that I couldn't give them the weapon I wanted cuz they refused it lmao. I enjoyed it."
,Not Recommended,265550,34587576,Posted: 29 August,all,Cheddarmunky,"game was fun for a few days, until i logged on and now my screen just blinks over and over and everywhere i look up info they wanna say its my gfx card, if so then why am i running the destiny beta at max settings just fine?? dark souls 3 at max settings just fine.... fix your game code, even after unintsall and reinstall it still just blinks and wont fix, i cant recommend this to anyone with it so broken. 1/10"
,Recommended,265550,27140908,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tigsy,"When you just feel like smashing the crap out of zombies with some of the most dumbest weapons possible, this is the game."
,Recommended,265550,26207973,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,"""Ahtesk""","greatbad if you don't have dated hardware, whether yours is 2 or 12 years out of datealso very unfair so better than biking for 3 1/2 hours to "" blow off steam"""
76561198152027312,Recommended,265550,32334456,Posted: 10 June,all,RTYEX,Good game
76561198045292617,Recommended,265550,26121939,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,IsaRissa,Pretty entertaining. I enjoyed killing things. :)
,Recommended,265550,28155390,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Big Pump,Work fine run fine so far
76561198059358921,Recommended,265550,28172522,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,hightime1011,Seriously fun!  Zombie  Apoclypse!  Yeah!
76561198006441345,Recommended,265550,29369291,Posted: 19 January,all,Kezia,Game is good. Girlfriend is as good as me in this one. Doesn't make me feel insecure
76561198267917103,Not Recommended,265550,24066112,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Handsome_Jack15,"It didn't work no matter how many times i tried, i even had to upgrade and it still didn't work."
,Recommended,265550,28477599,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Turd Bruiser,"Ive loved every dead rising games so far and this one is no exception,i see alot of bad reviews for the game saying it ran poorly? the game did crash on me twice in the 19 hours i put in the game before this review, but since the game autosaves so frequently and the time limit isnt as strict as 1 and 2 it didnt really set me back.the crafting is alot more fun and easy,the weapon locker makes the game super easy if you abuse it, but for fun runs its great,survivors are alot less annoying aswellsame great gameplay. if you liked 1 and 2 buy this game"
76561198151579756,Recommended,265550,26997552,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SentryWolf,"Die Zombie Die! Enough said!This game is a breath of fresh air in the zombie open world game.Pros:- Good story- Allot of collectibles and achievments- Good voice work and soundtracksCons:- The timer is present, but not like the other two installements of the Dead Rising Saga, While its there, you can run around just collecting or killing, it gives enough time for that, while having that sense that times isnt finite.- It forces you to go back and forth between the four areas of the game, sometimes for just pointless actions.Overall : i give it a 7 out of 10. Still very good, but..."
,Recommended,265550,16381705,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,dingdingchomp,Broken and needs a patch.EDIT: It is fixed enough and finally playable with the latest patch. If you had AMD then it would crash every 30 seconds.  Now it runs rather great. If you we're a fan of Dead Rising 2 then you will love 3. Its the best one in the series so far.
,Not Recommended,265550,12871115,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,XDFlawless,A friend of mine recently bought this. this is basically a beacon. Don't buy it what a♥♥♥♥♥♥port.Im not going into detail though. Look up total biscuits review. Trust me just don't
,Not Recommended,265550,12032676,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,SythenixDelta,"Currently this game is extremely laggy and it seems that the devs has just abandoned it, maybe if it has another update to fix these problems I would recommend it."
76561198328001597,Recommended,265550,33680474,Posted: 20 July,all,Bubbles,awesome game to play with friends
,Recommended,265550,18127064,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,General Nax,"I don't really Like this game But For Rping Yes, I play with my best friend every now and then if you're buying this game for the story I don't recommended it, but I'm not hating."
,Recommended,265550,22164646,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,sarija,ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ
,Not Recommended,265550,11983628,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Chai Bot,"crashed at the logo screen , wasted my saved up moneyif they fix it i will edit this"
76561198032225381,Not Recommended,265550,12696524,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,jonhasnoname,"In a nutshell,Preordered - 5 patches later - two months later - still unplayable.I'd give this a wide berth until it is released properly or a hero does the job for them."
,Recommended,265550,12059065,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Fugio,"Has not crashed on me once (he says as he knocks on wood).Great fun game. This definantly improves on everything I have loved about the series so far. We get sweet combos and super combos, but no longer have to deal with the annoying crafting tables.Also I love the story system. Still timed, but I can jump into other peoples games or rewind the clock on my game to optomize my experience.All in all I just really like swimming through thousands of zombies with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,265550,21973142,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Punkster,"Oh wow, what a disappointment.TL;DR: This game is an absolute mess and yet, they left it this way? Don't waste your money.I owned all the Dead Rising games on the X360, including the shorter add ons of Case Zero and Case West for DR2, as well as the Frank West remake that followed a year later with DR2: Off The Record. So when I learned that DR3 was going to be an Xbox One exclusive, I was gutted but then it came to PC... There was much rejoicing.I saw the Steam reviews and thought it cannot be that bad surely? Well it really is that bad and don't call me surely. (sorry)My PC is above the recommended specs and yet the following still occured...When launching the game, it seemed to go into an epileptic seizure, going from windowed mode to full screen, back to windowed mode, back to Steam, then returning to windowed mode, in/out/in/out shake it all about, you do they hokey cokey and that is still more fun than this p*sh and so on it went, back and forth for around 50 more times until I felt obliged to join in. It was only out of sheer luck that the game froze and so my pity fit postponed.Sorry to get technical but I twiddled around with the settings but very little helped the poor wee thing.When I finally got into the game, the beiges and browns crawled off the screen, what happened to all the bright, warm colours from past series? Night of the Living Dead looks brighter by comparison and that's a black & white film.Anyway in the game, I get the food required as soon as you gain control and I immediately noticed that the game was suffering from horrible framerate issues and texture popping, so much so I didn't even get past the second gate when the game decided it had just about enough of me and quit.THE END... True Story.How can this be a AAA game? This is the once mighty Capcom, whom once could do no wrong and this, THIS is what they deem acceptable for release?Maybe the game will work for you but as for me, I am just so glad of Steam Refunds, because I really grudge paying out good money for this!Sad days for Capcom."
,Not Recommended,265550,14342472,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Was it a Banger?,this.... this...this review.... this review has stoped workingthis.... this...this review.... this review has stoped workingthis.... this...this review.... this review has stoped workingthis.... this...this review.... this review has stoped workingthis.... this...this review.... this review has stoped workingthis.... this...this review.... this review has stoped workingthis.... this...this review.... this review has stoped workingon a serious note the game is kind of fun the lags and crashes are not
76561198059516636,Recommended,265550,12009671,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Uncrowned King,*edited*im not CRASHING!!!!maybe im the choosen one xDkilling zombies with tons of diffirent weapons is alot of fun.8/10*advice*put the game on 900p instead of 1080pcuz you will get more fps and better cut scenes
,Not Recommended,265550,28712276,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dukefrukem,"Knowing what I know now, if one of my friends wanted to play this over the slew of other co-op zombie games? Well the ranking would be like this.1.	Dying Light (Techland)2.	Resident Evil: Revelations (Capcom)3.	Resident Evil: Revelations 2 (Capcom)4.	Resident Evil 5 (Capcom)------------Quality Drops------------5.	Dead Rising 3 (Capcom)6.	Killing Floor (Tripwire Interactive)7.	Dead Island Riptide (Techland)8.	Dead Island (Techland)9.	Resident Evil 6 (Capcom)The problem is the gaps in quality from the games on the lower half of this list. Dying Light is by far the most technical superior game where it has very minimal technical issues (glitches), clarity in missions, user interface; these are all things that suffer from the Dead Island games and Dead Rising 3. Dead Rising 3 also has a time limit that distracts you from the fun of what could have been killing zombies with all the objects in the world. Why would Capcom want to limit you like this? The final boss is barely a final boss. If you happen to get the C-Ending or F-Ending, the game just ends with a text crawl and brings you back to the main menu with options of starting a new game (no new game+) or skip to a chapter. There’s no casual roam the world option.As far as gameplay Dead Rising is fun as hell. It’s very satisfying killing zombies with vehicles and weapons you can create with the hundreds of objects. The drop in and drop out co-op option is pretty great too. This is a must for games like this and I’m saddened to hear Dead Rising 4 will not have this option. The story element is a huge miss with Capcom- it doesn’t have to be a stellar story, just make it seamless and have it make sense!Edit: 12/31/16 - To make matters worse, Capcom, for whatever reason, decided to make the DLC unplayable in co-op. This means that 50% of the game is single player and 50% of the game can be played co-op. (took me 15 hours to play through the main campaign, and 15 hours to do all four DLC episodes) So if you purchased the game for the co-op element, and expecting to play with friends, you will be out of luck playing through the Four Episodes. Makes little sense."
,Recommended,265550,11991570,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Wahsu,"Pros:-Played 10 hours and the game never crashed once.-Turned off FPS lock and it made it feel great to play-Story keeps me going-Zombies are harder to avoid (can't just jump around like the last 2 game)-Not constrained all the time to wait for the next set of story events to take place-6 or 3 days to complete the story (depends on what mode you play on)-Bosses are more fun to fight than ever-Good humor comparable to the last 2 games-Satisfying to kill zombies-Weapons are not too OP-Can choose whenever I want to go do side missionsCons:-20-30 fps in cut scenes (I got over it quick)-Hard to drive around half the time, abandoning vehicles can become common if you are not paying attention-Crowds of zombies will stop your vehicles velocity or bring it to a complete stopOverall 8/10EDIT: after going through the complete story, I can safely say this game is worth playing through to see the true ending. After seeing it, this may be the last game in the series. The voice acting is magnificent. I love every character I've run into.EDIT 2: Found someone wanting to make a porno with zombies. 10/10"
76561198043501660,Recommended,265550,11993011,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,LIMPDICK,ONLY PLAYED SO MUCH OF CHAPTER 1 BUT GAME RUNS SMOOTHLY CONTROLS EASY ZOMBIES FEEL MORE REALISTIC GRAPHICS TOP NOTCH AND A VER ADDICTIVE GAME 12/10
76561198289793001,Not Recommended,265550,24876773,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,NoobJitsu,ok heres review of the game so farPros:+Lots of zambies that block you regardless of where you are going+Combo vehicles and lots of vehicles that are drivable+Gameplay is the highlight like the other two games while the story is a lttle more tacked on+Capcom finally got the game to work after they patched it like an old pair of work clothes+ On the fly crafting+The game runs fine on my rig but i know others are still having troubles with itNuetral:=The map has less healing items due to it being such a massive map=The map seems to feel almost dead unlike the other two games=There isnt many doors so you cant just shut them and plan out what you are gunna doCons:-Price (the asking price of 65$ is flatout robbery considering how they have treated thier customers at lauch)- Locked at 30fps without modifiying the files which shows how bad the port is-The game crashed on me numerous times and sometimes freezes your pc-DLC locked weapons (I still look at this like a con because they shouldnt  be charging for what should be in the game)-The story is linearI could write more cons but i lost all my thoughts trying to think of some pros  I do not reccommend this game even on sale because the game is such a bad port but hey if you cant run it return it.
,Not Recommended,265550,31029165,Posted: 8 April,all,Super Something,"I wouldn't recommend this game, for the most part. I cannot play it at all. The half hour of gameplay I have is purely trying to get it to work. I cannot describe the futility of trying to play this. Even if I do get it to work eventually, is the effort worth it? Though I will say, it is a good game, from what I've seen."
76561198130937223,Not Recommended,265550,32783760,Posted: 25 June,all,dark sniper,Worst game ive played in a long time . The crafting system is garbage and works off blueprints only unlike dr2 where you could just build♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it would work better if you happend to have the blueprint. All the wepons brake in like ten kills. I bought this on steam sale and im still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i wasted this much money on this broken garbage. Im literally standing in the air right now in game due to the♥♥♥♥♥♥codeing and utter lack of effort. yeah if ya wana do that yourself the monkey bars are glitched in the playground and you can walk arround in the air. ide rather play DR1 ffs.
76561198177500990,Not Recommended,265550,26282962,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Esetlam,"The game is a lot of fun, if you manage to run it.  After a few hours the fps was so low i couldnt convince myself to keep on playing.My rig:16gb ramR9 390 8gbI7 6700k"
,Recommended,265550,11990587,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,GamesGlitches,Dead Rising 3 - BLACK SCREEN BUG FIX - Resolution Bug - Crash Bug - WHAT WORKED FOR ME - PChttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKPid1Fq-2E
,Not Recommended,265550,16461134,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,NateyBoss,I could make my own zombie apocolypse faster than the title screen could load. There is also a very long download time that the game didn't make up for.
,Recommended,265550,12707220,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Zombie Hugger,"Considering I pre-ordered, then played through and maxed out to Level 50 on the Xbox, then later bought the same game for the PC while having fun shows that this game is pretty wicked in replayability.However, the PC port is crappy, if I say so myself. Much like DR2's port to PC, the game is not nearly as smooth as it should be, especially on a high-end system. Turning down the graphics did make a single bit of a difference for me, so I am just sticking to the 20-25 FPS, maxed out settings.Steam will tell you I only have a few hours on this game, but the Xbox would tell you that I have somewhere around 30-40.I would not say that this game's current state is worth $50, and not so much $38, but more around $20-$30 with the way it is in performance.But the /huge/ arsenal of weapons to choose from, whether they are useless and fun, useless and boring, epic and useless, or epic and freaking epic, you will have a good time for many hours. And not only that, but when you do max out to level 50, you get the sweet reward of being able to drive around a locker that lets you grab any weapons you want on-the-go!The only shame is that bosses seem incredibly easy-- when compared to Dead Rising 1, and maybe 2 --and the game is nowhere near as scary as the first, but the story still kicks♥♥♥♥♥and is fun to move through with a buddy."
,Recommended,265550,13025837,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,shoggofu,"http://youtu.be/Nw76wNbd2lchttp://youtu.be/n884maePD2AThe game looked good in my opinion.-----The story wasn’t particularly remarkable. But it didn’t really matter, I didn’t pay close attention to it and it wasn’t an important factor in my enjoyment of the game.-----I found some of the characters amusing including the hotdog masterchef and the transvestite NPC companion you can eventually recruit.-----But I disliked half the main characters in this game. Characters tended to be superficial stereotypes. A lot of the dialogue was cheesy and action in some scenes was unconvincing.I only really like early dialogue of a single main character.-----I think a troubled expression of concern was overused on many characters’ facial animations.I personally hate seeing that look on faces all the time in games.-----I didn’t have a problem with the games actual graphics.What I liked was slaughtering Zombies. I completed the previous two Dead Rising games and I like the series.-----The gameplay is very sandbox you can just spend your time mucking around having fun. It’s really cool to play this game through with a friend.What I didn’t like was having to wade endlessly through hordes of Zombies. It didn’t feel quite as bad as in previous Dead Rising games. You don’t have to guide every survivor through them in order to save them anymore. But on the other hand, that took away that challenge.-----Unfortunately the game isn’t challenging in general. Virtually the only time survivors in distress that I came across died was because I ignored them or missed them and they died instantly when I travelled a certain distance away.-----I completed the entire main storyline, every side mission and killed all the psycho side bosses. I didn’t really have any trouble achieving success in any of this. I never had to repeat anything. The closest way this game came to being challenging was that some tasks and travelling long distances through masses of Zombies could be tedious.-----I felt like I’d done the whole get through 1000’s of Zombies to get from one place to another thing enough times. It’s not something I want to spend so much time doing.-----I think the game could really do with fast travel. Players could be penalized with a loss in time remaining in keeping with the whole constantly against the clock premise.-----A lot of weapons in the game were a novelty. None of the combo weapons really stood out in terms of effectiveness.-----DLC weapons made high tier combo weapons somewhat pointless, because it’s easy to get them in great quantity instead.-----A problem with this game was aiming weapons. Not only because of the problem with aiming in general using analogue sticks. But because aiming would face you in the direction the character is turned, not where you are looking with the camera. It’s counter-intuitive.-----You can even end up aiming your weapon in the completely opposite direction than intended. If you're using a gamepad like I did you must then slowly turn around. Unfortunately Zombies don’t wait while you do this so they are right on top of you by the time you’re facing them. Having to face the character in the right direction first was frustrating, it can’t really be done in a precise manner.-----The other problem I had with this game was NPC A.I. Mainly in relation to travelling in vehicles. It can be hard to get them on board and take them with you when you want to move on. Mission NPCs will only get in the host player’s vehicle. Additional NPC companions would not get into a vehicle until after Mission NPCs are onboard.-----This could be problematic especially because most of the vehicles I wanted to use couldn’t carry more than one passenger and I had to abandon my companions. If an NPC or player can hang on one side of my Steam Roller, why can’t another one hang on the other side?Unlike previous Dead Rising games you are not confined to a shopping centre. There are lot more vehicles in this game-----I didn’t like most of the custom vehicles. But probably the best thing in this game was the Rollerhawg. It’s a steamrolling motorbike with flamethrowers. You gain access to it early on But it’s the best vehicle in the game. Regular Steamrollers are also cool and forklifts are arguably better than the Rollerhawg.-----Being able to craft on the spot without having to find a workbench was a convenient change from Dead Rising 2. Also being able to access supplies of any item you have found or crafted from safehouses was also a very welcome feature. This saves you the hassle of having to find or craft items when you need them.-----With all the silly weapons, vehicles and costumes at your disposal this game has some pretty hilarious moments.Early on I was sceptical that it’s just another Dead Rising game. But actually the more I played it, the more I wanted to keep going until I finished the game.-----Overall I enjoyed the game. It’s introduced some good features to the series. I was not disappointed.Clickherefor my YouTube gaming channel"
76561198111533430,Not Recommended,265550,12764673,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Big_Daddy_Defib,not that good without a controller
,Not Recommended,265550,24024641,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Jiraky'90,"Do not buy it.Low FPS, impossible lag, incompatible with windows 10"
76561198257933410,Not Recommended,265550,21940881,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,family mitdoo,una pregunta se puede devolver el juego?
76561198023747157,Recommended,265550,13648802,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Killerbananer,SPOILER ALLERT!!!!! it was really nice to see chuck again
76561198066298946,Recommended,265550,12928430,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Dat_Ghosty,The best one to date hands down. however time seems to be a lot shorter in this one than the first 2.
76561198290194933,Not Recommended,265550,21938170,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Gone,Dead Laggi- I mean Rising 3...Not even funny how terrible the PC port Is.
,Not Recommended,265550,29452580,Posted: 23 January,all,whyRecon,"I has its moments, but its hard to recommend.The basic formula of the game is very repetitive, run (or drive) around killing zombies in crazy ways to complete boring objectives, and on occasion have some enjoyable boss fights. But the fun moments may be few and far between.Performance wise its not as bad as it was a launch, but you are still going to struggle to maintain steady frame rates on any system.If want a game that you can sink some time into and just play very casually (especially along with a podcast) then this is great, if your looking for a good game to keep you engaged you may want to look elsewhere."
76561198115722358,Not Recommended,265550,13622392,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bobbobfunnypants,got when on sale but still its the biggest waste of money iv ever spent. it lags like crap. it has the optimazation of a potato. a 40 dollar potato.
,Not Recommended,265550,33399767,Posted: 9 July,all,Crazymunch,"I loved DR2, but DR3 just plays like garbage, It's like the devs played DR2 then remade it from the ground up.... Only on a ♥♥♥♥♥ier, less responsive engine."
76561197985969964,Recommended,265550,23788924,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Gallant Silver,"This game quickly became my favorite of the entire series!It's perfect, wouldn't change a thing!"
76561198203091851,Not Recommended,265550,34397023,Posted: 21 August,all,Gumla,Looking for a half baked game?Get this!Stupid sh*tty console portThis is bs dont even consider getting itThis is an embarrassing game for this company
76561197982877381,Not Recommended,265550,12693733,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Dethstarr,"Bad port with performance issues and a terrible field of view which makes you feel like your only seeing half the action and actually gets in the way of gameplay quite a lot. Caveat to this explained shortly.It would have been a great game, if you like games of this type but the lack of investment in the port seems to have killed it.  A cyncial attempt to monetize a market without investing in it properly first.Graphics are ok.  Very stereotypical console. Dont expect great graphics. Bland textures and mediocre animations etc.  Some odd bugs and technical issues for PC gamers.  On top of that for a long time it did that thing where it tries to alienate everyone that purchased it by locking 30 fps.  Crapcom at their finest.Okay, so lets get the worst of it out the way and move on.  The field of view is an ambomination.  It renders the game utterly unplayable for most PC gamers I know well.However, there is a solution for those in the know.  Which I now am thanks to a tip from someone beautiful who responded to me in the forums. I would credit but the post disappeared.  Flawless Widescreen a third party program that means you may be able to play at your monitors resolution without the migraine inducing field of view which all console owners must live with and which Crapcom cant see beyond.  A field of view which explains why Capcom are generally myopic when it comes to developing the PC market.  They literally, cannot see it because they are looking through a little slot at the gaming action and cant see the trend.However, Flawless Widescreen. It works very well in Dead Rising 3.   It actually means that if you're unlucky enough to have purchased it. You can at least play it and judge the gameplay on its own merits despite the terrible job capcom did of porting it.Capcom, cant make a console port?  I know, the horror! Much WoW.  The company that are synonomous with console games and bad ports saved by third party mods and others again.The game play.  Its ok.  It relies heavily on 1 thing.  Making weapons from unlikely combinations of 2 different materials usually in a very tongue in cheek way.  You get blueprints for these as you progress and they really help to define progress and unlock the game as much as character development does.The way this works is actually alright.  The combination of the 2 factors gives you something meaningful to do as you wade through endless hordes of zombies which seemingly respawn from nowhere.   I like mindless entertainment at times.  I dont really want to think when I play a game like this and in this respect DR3 never disappoints.  Thinking or doing anything different to 1000 other similar games is actively discouraged.  It is unashamedly what it is.  This is neither a good nor bad thing depending on your point of view.""Joe, Hey, Joe,  Do you wanna play another Zombie Game?""If you have anything vaguely similar.  I wouldnt bother. Nothing new and much to dislike. Technical issues and limitations abound. It looks pretty bad and it is capcom so the low expectations and concerns about quality and the port will certainly be fulfilled to the full."
,Not Recommended,265550,12064381,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Bazza,"Great game  , But i had  trouble on killing zombie and finish the side quest !!! it was so lag in this game and it was all because of the POV and FPS is causing a lot of us to play the game . I Do Hope they fix all of the problem in the next patch!!! ONE MORE THING IS THE MOST ANNOYING THING IS THAT PEOPLE PM YOU AND YOU CAN'T EVEN PRESS SHIFT TAB TO SEND TO THAT PERSON !!! PLEASE FIX IT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!!"
,Recommended,265550,12448452,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Nuka,"For those who have the game crash a lot, I do feel sorry for you.For those who don't, probably like the game such as I! There's plenty to do, the weapons are interesting. There's plenty to explore, and I find it fantastic. I do not know why mine doesn't freeze, but it just doesn't."
76561197974659637,Not Recommended,265550,29433344,Posted: 22 January,all,Digital Style,"This is a great game. I sunk a lot of time into this. If you like the series, then it's a fine addition.Unfortunately after putting many hours in, and completing almost all of the in-game tasks, my save data disappeared / became corrupt.Upon looking into it, this is a fairly common issue. As such I can't really recommend it - I'll be uninstalling it and not wasting anymore time with it. It's a real shame, I was having great fun, but I'd accomplished too much to start over."
,Recommended,265550,13011650,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,ALphA1337-Aski,asd
,Not Recommended,265550,25030471,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Oceanus,v lag
76561198082538566,Not Recommended,265550,12320352,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,elchenco,no the game crashes all the time so dont buy it if you have a old thing
76561198150452059,Not Recommended,265550,12361944,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,CashConley,Game does  not work. So wouldn't know if it is good or not. I wouldn't waste my money on it.
,Recommended,265550,12077667,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Dogacado,"I really like this game because of the open world, cool finishing moves, and the psychopath boss fights. some people experience crashes, for some reason i dont, so thats good. 9/10"
,Recommended,265550,23775024,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ya Boi,Amazing game. Probably better than the other ones.
,Not Recommended,265550,25861597,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Mitsuaki,fun if you just killing hordes of zombies otherwise the missions suck and story is sh*t
,Recommended,265550,20567832,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Push Maut,Best Game Ever !
,Not Recommended,265550,20490389,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,goot wick,angry every day
76561197987303833,Not Recommended,265550,13085933,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Vanquishblack,2nd one was better.
,Not Recommended,265550,26433004,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,SilentWorld,Game just keeps crashing in co-op. Had potential but just unplayable for multiplayer at least.
76561198296829928,Recommended,265550,25429263,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,HexAid,"ok, let me explain this game!FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN"
,Not Recommended,265550,21904554,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,GunsouAfro,"Great game, now if only it ran for longer than 30 mins at a time..."
,Recommended,265550,23612883,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,mostlymadhatter,as everyone says the timer on this game is brutal for an open world game which is anoying as open world games are meant to be explored not rushed through. it kind of makes sence in a story perspective but why not pin time to the story instead of to the game? or they could have had the timer optonal so you could play it on say regular mode and get free time or play on hard mode with the timerthat said the absurdity of the games weapons you can use and make along with all the weird costumes you can find dotted aroun the place makes this a pretty awesme game - im hoping to try co-op soon and to have a load of laughs with thatheres hoping that the 4th game will be just as mad and full of weird constructs like 2 and 3 ( not played the 1st at all ) and didnt just make it look a little nicer by improving the visuals. and more importantly that they make the timer as on optional feture or just removes it completly so we can actually explore the area rather than having to rush through - although somehow i doubt the latter will happen :/
,Not Recommended,265550,19388221,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,DouBle L,Dead Rising 3 Lag Edition.
76561198099461192,Not Recommended,265550,16403529,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,turkish2,"Dead Rising 3 would be a great game, If it would work on a PC."
,Recommended,265550,20499053,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,JrSlacker,"Good-Lots of Zombies to kill, LOTS!-Fun weapons and vehicles.-Rewarding leveling system.-Interesting stories.Bad-Lot of fetch quests that sometimes feel boring.-Once hitting the cap, things feel less rewarding.-Some weapons and vehicles feel useless in comparision to others.Over all enjoyed the game a lot."
,Not Recommended,265550,28225664,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kuupio,"Controls are incredibly unresponisve and frustrating which makes gameplay really annoying at times. This also has major performance issues and you have to do tweaks in the game to make it even work properly. If you don't mind those things the gameplay otherwise can actually be quite fun, there are many weapons and other things to craft and killing zombies is in my opinion very satisfying. But due to controls and other issues i do not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,265550,16757378,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,lil uzi vert,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,265550,11991844,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,scristopher,"People say they cant play the game, it crashes, there are bugs etc... I'm really not sure what they are talking about because it plays fine for me with everything set on high and the framerate cap removed. It is also very fun and highly addictive plus the coop is a blast. I'm playing it with framerates upwards of 60 with no issues as I said my rig has a evga gtx 760 ftw 4gb gpu, i7 4770k (not OC'd currently). If you have a good setup then I would recommend getting it, otherwise I would not recommend it as you will just be another person complaining in the forum.Killed a swarm of zombies with a 'personal massager'  in a cashmire sweater and daisy dukes. 11/10 would play again."
76561197985884619,Recommended,265550,12009376,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,123,"Great game, really having a blast with it however it does need some manipulation in the fact DO NOT use nvidia drivers 340 go down to 335 from their website. For whatever reason the 340 crashes about once every 10 minutes."
,Not Recommended,265550,17452180,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Ghargus,"Welcome too Los Perdidos!.......make a U-turn when possible...This PC port is full of glitches both in function and graphical, crashes, and laggy goodness, and a life time supply of trolls and sycophants, claiming that the game is just fine, which i suppose these days its just business as usual when it comes too these has-been companies just cashing in on decade old or close to decade old franchises, instead of making something good out of them, Like every other multi-platform company, capcom has no respect for the PC community unless its crappy fighting games and so called ""horror"" games."
,Not Recommended,265550,17197497,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Set,.
,Recommended,265550,12303415,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Fusou,"25 hours and only 1 crash pretty good... had no lag or fps lossstory just♥♥♥♥♥♥zombies, loads of weapons, hack and slash fun7/10"
76561198281756135,Recommended,265550,32322354,Posted: 10 June,all,Salt Lord,Nick gets PTSD from the Seven deadly sins.
,Not Recommended,265550,34410334,Posted: 22 August,all,Red Letter Day,DOES NOT WORK!
,Not Recommended,265550,34320558,Posted: 17 August,all,VelixGV,2 main problems with this game1st problem: (which can be fixed fairly easily) is a 30 fps lock.2nd problem: is the game spazzing out when I try to aim or open the item menu. It just rapidly opens and closes or zooms in and out. Making the game almost impossible to play.No clue if the game is any good or bad since this happened right at the start.
,Not Recommended,265550,32751832,Posted: 24 June,all,Decay,The story seems promising and the map looks nice gameplay is fine but unfortunately the game has performance issues due to it being a bad port
,Recommended,265550,15212895,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Battleboy43,An assault rifle turned into a football infront of my very eyes! 10\SOCCER YOU IDIOT!
,Not Recommended,265550,32903103,Posted: 27 June,all,心,"This port is awful. The 30 minutes I played of this there were quite a few problems. Considering this is ""next gen"" I expected it to run at 60 frames but it caps at 30, what's worse is that it probably won't even steadily run at 30 unless you're in a cutscene, most of the time it was between 15 and 27.  I was only able to play 2 sessions before I decided I should refund it cause the game crashed every 15 minutes. If someone wanted this they'd be better off getting it on console."
76561198157226326,Not Recommended,265550,16903406,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Look how many hecks i give,Lags way to much dont waste your money.
,Recommended,265550,25469126,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Groovy,"Locked at 30fps? what the hell capcom. If you're going to get this it is fun, but id reccomend waiting for a sale."
,Not Recommended,265550,13458132,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,******Meme Tech******,"Still not optimised, released sep 5th and even though i can run crysis 3 on my comp with little to no issues, the excessive NON SLI GPU requirements are strangling my system. i get slow bottleneck frame rates consisting of 5 to 7 frames per a second at lowest selected graphics options, Lag in gameplay makes game unplayable past the first gate, (the one that you break in the tutorial.) Game is utterly painfully slow. besides the graphics deficit and the uneeded hinderances with mouse control (when Aiming with ranged weapons) i'd give the game a 7/10, But the port job is a 1/10. Do not buy until they fix the optimization issues."
,Recommended,265550,32814551,Posted: 26 June,all,J4m13aN,Det ngising.. tilu!
76561198246944334,Recommended,265550,33411973,Posted: 9 July,all,LONE WOLF,if you dont like killing zombie with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥then dont buy this game!
76561198017844035,Recommended,265550,12506984,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Domolution,"Ever since update #3 which is when I purchased the game, I have had zero crashing issues. The game runs flawlessly and i can't get enough of it. Everything about it is awesome and am bummed i didn't play the previous installments when they came out. I highly recommended getting this game if you love killing zombies and making ridiculous weapons, while wearing ridiculously awesome costumes."
,Recommended,265550,12536130,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,神「ＧＯＤ」,"Fun and arcadey with a splash of serious cutscenes, which can easily be made hilarious due to outfit choices."
76561198043732348,Recommended,265550,12520868,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,HorusDeathtouch,"Although this game has been quite poorly optimized, it has had a few patches since it's release and I am hoping for more. I was really excited to get at this game, since never will I purchase an Xbox game console. I simply refuse. PC Master Race (and PlayStation for the exclusives that will never come to PC of course.) Anyway, I am getting off-topic. I feel that if some of the other people reviewing this game were big fans of the previous games and not just playing this because it's new, they would have given it a chance and not been so negative so fast just because of a few crashing issues. Having said that, I have given a negative review on a game simply for it not having controller support.There are many, many, many more combo weapons than the previous games, tons more zombies to evicerate, and a fun time had by all. The story is also pretty decent. I feel like 2 is still my favorite installment though. I did also find the so-called ""challenges"" represented by starts on the map to be ridiculously simple. You are also given way too much time to complete the story and I do miss the old format in which there is a time limit between each mission and not for the game as a whole. In the previous games, you could run out of time before making it to your next mission, where-as in this one, you don't run out of time until the entire 3 days have run their course. It takes a lot of the challenge out of the game (although the Nightmare Mode may fix this.)I am a big fan of the new co-op system, particularly being able to explore the entirety of the map away from your partner, instead of having to wait for a slow person to be standing right next to you at the next objective. The other player does have to hit a key to join you if you are trying to move to another location though, so if they are afk then you are sol.Overall, this is a great game that just had a really terrible launch, causing a lot of mixed reviews and anger among non-fans. Enough patches have been released now that you should defintely add this one to your library. You just may have to tinker with the visual settings, but the game will look beautiful regardless. Pro tip: Zombie quality, shadow quailty, and resolution make a big defference to performance and if you set the former to medium, they still all really look the same, but there are so many that it really halps maintain the framerate. Full HD is always nice, but if you have a lower end graphics card then 720p isn't so bad. If you have a lot of problems with your rig also, just put the preset to high. It is identical to the Xbox One version so you really aren't missing out on a whole lot.i7 3820 / gtx 660 ti / 16gb / ssd (os/steam) hdd (games)"
,Recommended,265550,12606163,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Kamatsu,"I find it a fun game - it's a pretty brainless 3rd person zombie killing game with a silly story. If you have played the previous Dead Rising games you should enjoy it.The game does have issue's - the final DLC mission's achievements are bugged, does have some technical issue's, it is capped to 30fps (can be unlocked tho).However, if all you want to do is craft wierd & wacky weapons and go smack thousands and thousands of zombies to death.... this game is here for that."
,Recommended,265550,12574369,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Cryptosporidium-n,"Dead Rising 3 beautiful, 9/10, the best"
,Recommended,265550,12470092,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Chemium,This is a awesome zombie game. The amount of zombies on the screen at once is amazing and the carnage when you shred them with a machete or a machine gun is Brilliant... I play this on a X4 640 @3.0ghz with 4gb ddr2 ram and a R6670 1gb DDR3... Plays around 25-30 fps on low at 720p... Not had any of the crashes or bugs alot of people are having... Ill soon be upgrading my pc so ill be able to enjoy this at Max Settings 1080p :).. Get this game its worth it.. Only downside is its only Online co-op no local splitscreen... Other than that amazing game..
,Recommended,265550,12023112,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,LDUK,"I'll start by warning you that this game seems to not work on everyones system. This of course is unexceptable, and fixes need to be carried out as soon as possible. On top of that, on systems it does work on, including my own, the loading takes far longer than any next gen game should. There are also minor bugs and glitches throughout the game, although in my case somewhat rare. These glitches didn't make the game unplayable however.Now with the technical issues aside, and focusing purely on the game when it works, it's truly a fantasic game. By far the best of the series, and absolutely great for a Zombie killing Co-Op exprience.A well made Zombie Sandbox game (finally).This is that Zombie Sandbox game you were waiting for. Until the next one ;)"
76561198114063851,Not Recommended,265550,16876875,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,VANZ2010,"Gameplay is okay, graphics I should have taken notice of reviews as it ain't as good as recent releases are and loading times suck especially with the cheap graphics."
76561198131375912,Not Recommended,265550,12029537,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Open Window Maniac,FIX UR FU##### GAME U LITTLE ##### I BOUGHT THE GAME SO FIX IT U SEE IT SAYS I PLAYED IT FOR 11MINS THATS BECAUSE IT WAS STUCK ON A BLACK SCREEN I WANT MY MONEY BACK OR FIX IT
76561197970677431,Not Recommended,265550,12001317,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Mr. Death,"Avoid this game at all costs! Check the steam forums, and read the MASSIVE 1300+ post thread about the loading crashes, the random in game crashes (for those lucky enough to make it past the loading screen), the  poor framerate issues, and the missing in game objects. This has to be the worst port of a game I've ever seen."
,Not Recommended,265550,12025049,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Intermatrix,I cannot recommend this game as it stands. It crashes constantly and I have to start over and over again. Please fix this game or refund our money!!! This is unacceptable!!
,Not Recommended,265550,12068338,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,79th | gh0sthe,Фиксите краши! / Fix crashes
,Recommended,265550,12716999,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,5 Cheez Combo,"Very fun game, replayability is EXTREMELY high. I see everyone complaining about their computers not being able to run it well. I think that's bogus. I've got an alright rig, but I can play it just fine. You need to have a decent processor, because there are a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of zombies on screen at ALL times. It's improved upon the old way you play the story. The only time limit you've got is just the week you've got in game. No having to do missions by 3AM on tuesday. You can play at your own pace. Playing with a friend is a must. Makes those attempted serious moments even funnier than they should be. A couple bad things about the game: You cannot accurately pick up anything. The best way however, is to aim at the item with your crosshair and try to pick it up. It's pretty terrible, though. Some of the other gameplay is a little slow too. It'll sometimes take your character a second to do what you want him to. It's not something that happens constantly, just on occasion. If you enjoy beating your friends with a yoga block, and then shooting them up the butt with a high-powered♥♥♥♥♥♥♥launcher; you would love this game. If you hate fun, freedom, own a mac, or are easily offended; get out of my face."
76561198092371435,Recommended,265550,12717553,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,The incompetent artist,This game is amazing if you have the power to run it. my laptop does not work with it but my desktop does so buy it if your system requirements
,Recommended,265550,12725091,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,RetcH,god DAMN this game is CPU demanding.... can't bare it. Seems like an awesome game if U have the hardware for it
76561198006395070,Not Recommended,265550,12022047,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Lg | Pills,this is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t my game keeps crashing every 5 minutes losing my progess over and over It's a GREAT game but has serious issues
76561198087304293,Not Recommended,265550,12020322,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,NBKJuice,I have a 780ti oc 1199mhz  asus hero vii mobo with i7 4790k devil canyon @ 4.4 and your telling me that the game  can only run 45-55 fps with no AA on ultra???.  TOTAL BULL!!! game is not optimized... i can get an avg of 80 on bf4 with 4xAA on ultra.
76561198058497811,Recommended,265550,15719116,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,lightbringer339,can anyone tell me why this game will only go to a black screen and nothing else for me?
76561198073335992,Recommended,265550,13094681,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,sirdraketh,mack a way to play man i cant play it pless fix
,Not Recommended,265550,14995705,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,A Perfectly Ripened Tomato,"Beat an old man to death with a chainsaw, where he then proceeded to kill himself.And then the game crashed..7.8/10 too much crashing."
,Not Recommended,265550,28722085,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gathoblaster,"The PC port is laughable at best! Constantly having the mous on your screen, no windowed mode or borderless, locked to 30FPS. If you dont want us to play this on PC just dont do a ♥♥♥♥ing PC port capcom"
,Recommended,265550,25046114,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,GTJenkins,It looks awesome but its too slow because i dont have an updated graphics card. Still had a little fun looking at the massive hordes of zombies
,Recommended,265550,28631932,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lorppe,Yes
76561198110517460,Recommended,265550,13479426,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Joey Will Woo The Muchachos,Laggy Like a mofo but got a controller and it works better with that if you get this game be aware it is awesome but will be lagging every other frame. But i am playing on an 8 yr old toshiba might work better with a higher end laptop or an upgraded graphics card well worth the price fun to kill zombies.  I reccomend this game because of fun not because of compatibility with laptops but thank goodness it has controller funcionality or else it lags even more when using mouse and keyboard
,Recommended,265550,14951697,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Daniel_The_Damned,"Great. A few hours in, I fought a fat woman on a mobility scooter that was too fat to walk and was hoarding food.10/10 would watch her fall over and choke on her own vomit again."
76561198074293750,Not Recommended,265550,23957495,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jupiterlight,Bought it had to get a refund because it wouldn't start. Unsure if it was my computer specs but I was dissapointed.
,Not Recommended,265550,32356422,Posted: 11 June,all,Guntario,"This game is really so very average. I am a huge zombie fan, so I really want to love this, but I am tired of companies trying to capitalize on my love of them. I have played all of their games and have never thought any of them were good, but I always rated them good because I love zombies... However, I just can't do that anymore. This is not so good."
76561198076117299,Not Recommended,265550,16005819,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,PSYCHOPATHiO,to me the game is just garbage and poorly scripted and would rather get a refund
,Recommended,265550,29863300,Posted: 11 February,all,UncleTom,Rip my pc
76561198254173269,Not Recommended,265550,19856969,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Albertronicus,"Terrible fps, loading times take too long at overall not pretty to look at. If you want a good zombies game, get Left 4 Dead or COD Zombies."
76561198120942613,Recommended,265550,33385617,Posted: 8 July,all,541337942,good game
76561198038390841,Not Recommended,265550,24004722,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mario Skywalker,"It's unacceptable that still on July, 2016 this game has frequent, random crashes."
,Not Recommended,265550,24016015,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,drewssloat2012,Upon loading the game it becomes immediately apparent that this is indeed a truly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port. Buy it on sale or just dont buy it.
,Recommended,265550,13205837,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,A commie jockstrap hotdog cowboy,dr3 with irahttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJR_9Ab7PwQ
,Not Recommended,265550,21255779,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Modron,Random crashes. All the time. 10/10 would crash again.
76561198010604176,Not Recommended,265550,15189932,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Skullpel,"Dummerweise wohl nich in englischer Sprache verfügbar in der Schweiz. Von den Waffen und vom Gameplay her cool, ABER die Dialoge....einfach nur PEINLICH was da zusammengeschustert wurde. Deutsche Synchronisation ist  ohnehin meist zum kotzen, aber das topt wirklich auch das Schlechteste (Ich denke im Fall dieses Spiels sind die Dialoge so oder so einfach peinlich, egal welche Sprache). Man braucht schon einen IQ unter 80 wenn mann von der Story nicht provoziert werden will. Nicht dass es hoch intellektuell sein muss, aber bitte zumindest etwas REALER! Ich finde auch, dass man entweder ein Spiel zulässt oder nicht wenn man meint die Dialoge seien zu krass. Dann bevorzuge ich liebr KEIN Spiel als diesen Dünnschiss den man da vorgesetzt kriegt. 3/10"
,Recommended,265550,20143598,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mushtario Pepperoni,This game is really fun. All you need is the mod which removes the 30FPS cap and you have a good looking smooth game (As long as you have a good computer).
76561198059586086,Recommended,265550,18436004,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,PUGFOLIFE,fun game
76561198065802233,Recommended,265550,18196210,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Arkiece,lol i like i
,Not Recommended,265550,20636726,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Gina Rinehart,"The devs once saw the words ""Optimisation"" on the side of a porta-potty onceThat's basically all they know of it"
76561198046201367,Recommended,265550,12128706,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,CJ,"i hate you capcom.and your stupid optimization too.also i still miss frank. nick is even more boring than supporting characters.but ironically,this game is pretty awesome. i won't deny it."
76561198203977460,Recommended,265550,28617972,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Morty,guys get this it is  9 dell  for it
76561198116114384,Not Recommended,265550,18913326,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,glooglis,"worst peice of sheit. direct port from the xbox one. PLEASE DONT BUY IT!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, ITS A WASTE OF MONEY, THE DOWNLOAD TAKES LONG AS BALLS. PLEASE JUST DONT DO IT!"
76561198275892818,Not Recommended,265550,25205880,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Brad,unreliable game stability. poor controls. blueprint system is stupid. every collectible/blueprint is on a roof. way too easy in terms of boss fights
,Not Recommended,265550,16510434,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ชุดเครื่องนอน,"So many BUGCamera shake, I want to vomitGraphic not like trailer"
76561198052286430,Recommended,265550,22099347,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Rylee,Great Co-op fun 8/10
,Not Recommended,265550,27215641,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SentinelAce206,"I read the reviews and again thought to myself ""This couldn't possibly happen to me right?"" Again I was wrong. My PC meets the requirements and even meets the recommended specs, but the game runs like my fat mother. The cutscenes glitch around and make your eyes hurt and the gameplay is slow as all hell. I really do not recommend this product. Please read teh reviews and believe everything that they say because they are true."
,Not Recommended,265550,29534270,Posted: 27 January,all,highbinder,"crashes every 5 minutes. since there is no autosave, there's no point in playing this game anymore.  POS"
76561198093280351,Not Recommended,265550,24638377,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Rorschach,"Game randomly crashed and won't load, even after reinstalling. Don't waste your time or money."
76561198027124941,Recommended,265550,20224072,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,cloomby,i thought it was dope
,Recommended,265550,18481043,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Cosmo The God,"Not really { Dead Island, or Left 4 Dead, nor Dying light. } But a Open world♥♥♥♥♥kicker of all time I mean if you want to spend your time messing around In a zombie filled apocalypse. then be my guess if you want even more fun I would recommend a Nude mod. and Learning to jerk off and have a great time little jimmy and don't let mommy see your little pee pee now.  : ' D"
76561198198291545,Not Recommended,265550,16125552,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,4izord,"only if it works, latley its been a ♥♥♥♥♥, just like steam"
,Not Recommended,265550,12019233,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Ozz3605,"The game could be a lot of fun..i mean killing zombies,creating weapons,vehicules,co-op with friend But the fear that the game can crash at any time and for having to restart at level 2 for 6 times now...went up to lvl 8 saved...crashed back to lvl 2..anyway plz everyone Wait before they even try and fix the game and not even talking about crap fps lock etc......"
,Recommended,265550,11993598,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Lucasif The Odd,11/10 ign.
76561198124937073,Not Recommended,265550,33231951,Posted: 4 July,all,MariaFromPharmacy<3,"constant fps drop for being a finished polished game, game doesnt flow right with items and item pick up."
,Recommended,265550,28767076,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Commander Shepard,Awesome game!
,Recommended,265550,18655465,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,bGs,I dont like the mechanics of the game but the fu**ing story man ... priceless ! BiG Up !
76561198107874340,Not Recommended,265550,11992030,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Jupiler,Game keeps crashing ♥♥♥♥ing capcom 25gb and 50 euros for 5 min of gameplay.
76561198031572060,Not Recommended,265550,12106430,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Womb Raider ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Another crap port, move along. Nothing to see here. Dont' expect a patch soon to fix the current issues... It's CAPCOM lol"
,Recommended,265550,28301804,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Good ol fashion cola,Kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,265550,34338901,Posted: 18 August,all,WinningRook,Very gud.
,Not Recommended,265550,34618585,Posted: 30 August,all,Supes,"This game wasted my time, so I wont waste yours. If you liked Dead Rising 1 and or 2, you wont enjoy Dead Rising 3. It's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that was made by people who didn't understand what Dead Rising was all about. It's a big step back and the beginning of the end for the series. The only reason you should own this is if you bought the Dead Rising Collection or it came in some kind of Humble Bundle."
76561198263647948,Not Recommended,265550,34545329,Posted: 27 August,all,Revan,Regret the day that I bought this game. Boring AF and the controls are ♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197994448296,Not Recommended,265550,20846336,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,aeril,Horrible port (30 fps is a truely Apocalypse for my eyes).♥♥♥♥♥♥performance.Anyway its a funny game with a lot of content and stuff.Would i recommend it? Yes and NO.
,Recommended,265550,24769625,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,King Murdoc Lord of the squishy,Awesome Gameplay Awesome open world that is different from the first and second. alot of fun customizations and just a great game to get out your anger on some got dang zombaes
,Recommended,265550,28199450,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Hideyasu Yuki,OMG A M A Z I N G <3
,Recommended,265550,15864423,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,★Bleed★shark★,meh
,Recommended,265550,26036761,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,XD001,GG.
76561197982581918,Recommended,265550,30561006,Posted: 16 March,all,Oztington,Very by the book open world game. Story is trash. Buy on sale.
,Not Recommended,265550,12038662,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Narf,"I really wish I had not been so impulsive about this purchase, now I can't get my $49.99 back and I'm stuck with this peice of trash."
76561198090026169,Not Recommended,265550,34790331,Posted: 7 September,all,JaS V,"WARNING: This game is BUGGED, an issue that Capcom refused to fix. Once in a while your character will be resetted, and you will lose all of your saved game. If you are a person that like to reset your skill, weapon, score be my guest. If you are a person who like to play with all your available skills, and like to do some free roaming, then this game will disappoint. Due to it forcely making you reset your character level, skills and all your blueprint pick up.Capcom didn't fix the bug since 2013, as they are now promoting the new game and don't care to fix their previous mess. Go look for your on all the forum about player's character progress being erased.Too bad.. Just a waste of time and a decent game."
,Recommended,265550,35084668,Posted: 20 September,all,BANDOBELIKE#CEBAN,zombie in earth watchout
76561198147767340,Not Recommended,265550,35012554,Posted: 16 September,all,Mr. Brass-Man,6 Crashes in 2 hours. Gonna get a refund and spend the money on something more stable.
,Not Recommended,265550,12035360,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Strike909,"Hello everyone, now I have gone through all the guides to fix the crashes some from capcom themselves and some from the public, nothing has worked, this game is unfinished as of now so it is for this reason I am giving it a thumbs down, if it gets fixed I will then and only then change my mind, if I were you, do not buy this thing till it works! :)"
76561198051076002,Recommended,265550,22370241,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Banjo,i like the game alot but the albert boss is 100% ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198234952784,Recommended,265550,33360021,Posted: 7 July,all,hipnoninja2,hello i have a porblem i played this on one computer then another then it said a steam cloud warning and deleted my data from chapter 8 to chapter 0 please help
76561198116653425,Not Recommended,265550,35477224,Posted: 4 October,all,HUNGRY!!!,Why 30fps? Whysay to me dude WHY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,265550,19298220,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,General Lee Aroused,"This is the first game that made me want to kill myself. Really badly. Microsoft paid for the development of this game, and I'm pretty sure its the ""how-to-kill-all-of-our-fanbase-demanding-for-Megaman-through-cameos-fund""."
76561198080068944,Not Recommended,265550,12588037,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Bnetplayer,They ♥♥♥♥ed it up.  I cant get past the first level its so laggy i have the x-51 alienware and I cant even comprend how much of a ♥♥♥♥ up this is.
76561197996202076,Recommended,265550,12699826,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,lilonespaz,You can kill zombies and then more zombies..Fab up some weapons to kill more zombies.Some story but mostly zombie killing.Do Recomend.(Never had any issues with gameplay or glitches)
,Recommended,265550,23232864,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,umu,"I go to the school, I get the♥♥♥♥♥♥beat out of me by the football team.I go downtown, I get shot by police.I go to the highway, I get the♥♥♥♥♥♥beat out of me by bikers.10/10 real life simulator.Serious review: Really good game, especially if you liked the previous installments, and the port is surprisingly good. I'd recommend it whenever it's on sale if you're considering buying it. (Most of my hours are offline, just a heads up.)"
,Not Recommended,265550,12076311,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Khaos (S'A),"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! This game is an unplayable lump. I have a rig that is WELL AND BEYOND the recommended settings. There is nothing wrong on my end at all. Yet here I sit, getting a GLORIOUS TWO FPS at any given time. Sometimes the actual gameplay stutters it's way up to a mind blowing TEN FPS. God forbid I enter a cutscene though. That's when the REAL fun begins.Let's not forget the (claimed) FPS cap of 30. This is a PC, people, we're not some dirty, rotten console gaming heathens! We deserve our 60 FPS without having to unlock things.This game runs as bad as it looks. Next gen my wonderfully squishy♥♥♥♥♥ This game sucks, not because the game sucks, but because of horrible, lazy, useless devs that all need a good junk punch in the man bits.Please, people, save your money, and don't support a lazy port."
,Recommended,265550,11989788,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,uwu uwu,"I do not understand why people are complaining about getting crashes. I'm running the game maxed out and it's running perfectly fine. This game has to be the best console to PC port I had ever played. Thank god this was not another ""COD:Ghost"" port."
76561198157108862,Recommended,265550,32831846,Posted: 26 June,all,ム HyRazZ ム,The game is funny and have good gameplay
76561198011102210,Recommended,265550,24492564,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Lucaszorzo123,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░ plz fix░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀Optimization░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░its a good game tho
,Recommended,265550,21322539,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,TrunDurPalace,If you are a maniac-sociopath this game for you!
76561198118454799,Not Recommended,265550,26470030,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Kindon,"Whoever wrote the story for this game is a complete braindead zombie him/herself. I have been trying really hard to enjoy this game but between explosions that stagger me from half a block away yet don't effect the zombies at all, then a plot made by an illiterate preschooler, tied in with guns that explode in your hand when they run out of ammo, and zombies who start slower than frozen molasses then somewhere around chapter 6 suddenly start running at you non stop and timing attacks so that when you hit 1 group its just far enough outside your reach to be uneffected and then lunges in at you while you slowly recover from your swing (with just about EVERY weapon reguardless of weight). Also bandit groups who have omnisentience and are apparently controlling zombies through some remote control, though they aren't actually in the story, they still manage to pour infinate zombies into a subway station they lock you in, but somehow escape themselves from said subway station. All in all this game is trash, get Dying Light its 100000% better. I regret not listening to the reviews of this trash pile called a game."
76561197965394386,Recommended,265550,11993874,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,pat_myster,"game wont open, great just spent 8 hours downloading it"
,Not Recommended,265550,28686629,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Azuchie,"Unless you really wanted to drive more cars in Dead Rising, do not get this game. This game is absolutely awful.The story is terrible, the psychos are obnoxious, the weapons feel really bad, the controls are sluggish and in my experience the game made me nauseous. The game runs badly and has loads of texture pop-in. There are loads of pointless collectibles everywhere. The co-op is really buggy. They've nautered the time limit, dumbed down survivors and unless you avoid the DLC weapons, the psychos will be a joke.The only fun I had in this game was mowing down zombies with one of the two good cars. At the cost of worse on foot combat, a worse map, a drawn out story and loads a pointless side content... It's just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,265550,23615321,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Butt-Aids,"Definitely not what I was expecting. The game runs at a cap of 30 fps, and gets boring very quick. Sure it could be a fun game with friends, but with the fps cap of 30 and poorly made third-person view, gameplay is unbearable."
,Recommended,265550,12699553,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Hologramix,"Great game, other than the FPS drops at times, the game was great from start to finish.Many hours put into it with replayability after you do finish the game!A must have if you are a fan of the Dead Rising series."
76561198101089363,Recommended,265550,11997856,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,McKeckles,"Dead rising 3: Everyone is complaining about how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ this port is and how awful it is, but if you actually have a machine that can run it, it's an amazingly well done game. The graphics exceed the xbone and the frame rate dips never happen if you at least exceed minimum requirememnts. The game is in all aspects better than the xbone so you can't complain. You can play in 1080p instead of being stuck to 720p, if you can run on all medium settings it looks better than the xbone AND if your PC can support it, you won't see the fps drops and you can run it at 60fps. All in all this game is very well done and I highly recommend it if your computer can actually support the game, since it is next gen so you might need to do upgrading, not just for DR3 but for all next gen titles."
,Recommended,265550,11992549,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Hoboman61 but,"Man, This game is fun as hell, I'm enjoying it very much, I've got good performance and I haven't even encounterd any bug's with the game so i'm all good,This game improves on alot from Dead Rising 2 and I loved that game, You've got good graphics, A wide range of weapons to kill your fellow zombie with, Story is great, charachters are great, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,265550,32689685,Posted: 23 June,all,Owashii,The only good thing this game has is a minimap on the HUD. Everything else is subpar.
76561198108100708,Not Recommended,265550,32038223,Posted: 29 May,all,ketsuya,"game itself was good, but devs optimitzation is so poor. They capped fps at 30 because they cannot make it run any smoother"
,Recommended,265550,12059584,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Casual,"I've ran the game perfectly since releaseI5 4670k ATI 7870 16GB DDR3This new release just goes to show how dumb most people are. People are expecting to run it on laptops. ROFL....they are downright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Please read min requirements before giving this game a bad reivew kiddies.Game is amazing, and a must buy for any zombie or capcom fan. People who know how to read and use a computer properly will enjoy the hell outta this game"
76561198133938386,Recommended,265550,28815961,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,celery spicks,THE ♥♥♥♥ING BEST
76561198247874324,Not Recommended,265550,22697538,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,whitefallgen,Amazning game but bad pc port.  do not buy.  I was lucky to get a refund.  Get it on console because it doesn't apear that they are going to fix this.  Its been two years.
76561198080029016,Not Recommended,265550,29216433,Posted: 12 January,all,Belkin54G,my god the achivments for this game made me wanna kill myself
,Not Recommended,265550,23484530,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Tiberian Fiend,"Attempts to port DR to the open-city format, but the results are too confining and inferior to DR2. DR3 is essentially a tamer, lamer, smaller Saint's Row 3 with a lot less features and worthless friendly A.I."
76561198137818011,Recommended,265550,12541264,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,maxx.payne,"So ive pretty much finished this game and wow what a great experience it was. I still have a bit to go and have spent 19 hours playing so this is not a short game at all.Lets face it the first few games sucked plain and simple and when I read other reviews for this game they didnt make it sound much better but I wanted to kill some zombies so I got it and Iam so glad I did.The hoardes of zombies are so dense in places that you will be frantically slicing your way through and if your using a basic vehicle it wont last long after hitting so many bodies.Weapons start simple and get crazier the further in to the game you get, my personal favourite is the grim reaper simply because of the amount of zombies you can cut down and the freedom bear who does the killing for you.If you like killing zombies this is the game for you."
,Recommended,265550,12497871,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,VINDICATE,Even though I have huge lag issues with this game (since I have a PC not built for gaming) somehow I find a way to really enjoy this game and that very rarely happens to games I ant run well.
76561198137634054,Not Recommended,265550,12916608,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,MrShlongDong,"This game is cool but is always freezing and stuff, very maaaaaad, fix it now"
76561198057423590,Not Recommended,265550,13905397,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Crapplebee's,"After weeks of not even being able to load this game, I have now played entirely through it on a laptop that exceeds the recommended specs. The experience was terrible. The framerate is so bad that it feels as though your character is running through quicksand, and the environments are so choked with enemies that travelling on foot from one part of the map to another is impossible. Most of the game is spent watching your character swing a weapon in slow motion while hordes of identical zombies shuffle forward -- also in slow motion -- to block your view of the combat. You can choose to drive everywhere instead, but the slow framerate and poor controls make that another kind of nightmare. Regular combat is slow, laggy, repetitive, and not the least bit fun. The boss fights are also slow, but they are stupidly easy if your character is carrying any combo weapons. The game is poorly written, horribly designed, and incompetently ported, an obvious cash-grab by people who couldn't care less about the experience of their customers. By no means should you spend money on this garbage."
76561198064542377,Recommended,265550,13778118,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Chappu,hi
,Recommended,265550,23609514,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Fulltimespy,A fun game to mindlessly kill tons of zombies in original ways.
76561198140250085,Recommended,265550,14874475,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Animal Mother,I dont have many hours on this but..........ITS FU*KEN AMAZING! Best open world zombie game. Very silly and cool! 10/10 100/100 1000/1000!
,Recommended,265550,13183443,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,A dab'll do yea,Zambos. 10/10.
,Not Recommended,265550,22803191,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,alfa_Q_all,♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port. My FPS will randomy lock at 30fps and the controlls are pretty bad. I'd wait for a massive price cut or sale.
76561198262444345,Not Recommended,265550,25077079,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Hank Hill,if you have amd drivers it might not work. at least for me it did not
,Not Recommended,265550,20148150,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,KimKardashian,dont buy this piece of garbage it wont work for♥♥♥♥♥
76561198108734628,Not Recommended,265550,28229239,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Major_Gamez,"Terrible Port..The Gameplay and game itself is awesome and fun!But the port from the xbox one is so terrible, my PC is powerful enough to run every game i bought so far smoothly and meets every requirement for this game, however i cant even get a steady framerate on it as it goes from 30 to 1 every few seconds. I lowered the settings to the lowest they can be but then it looks horrible.. the gameplay is really fun so i recommend it if you can get it working better then i was able too. But from what i have expierenced with this game, its better off to just purchase it on Xbox One."
76561198181757675,Recommended,265550,19170886,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Kirito,"The best zombie game and open world with thousends of zombies in the city i dont understand why people hate this game of you had some problems it well be coz of you,get better PC and try this out this masterpeace you cant miss,GREAT WORK CAPCOM AND WE HOPE YOU WORK ON DR4 THANK YOU FOR GIVING US A GREAT GAME WITH OUT BUYING ANY DLC OR P2W SYSTEM :D9.9./10"
76561198128350897,Recommended,265550,12010100,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,R0GU3,Must play game!!
76561197997162137,Recommended,265550,12010406,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Veten,"working like a charm , real fun"
,Recommended,265550,23704493,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,The Dark lord,"This game is cool, but it cost very much."
76561198029738304,Not Recommended,265550,28449572,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,MALAFAMA,"It was kinda fun IMO with its ups and downs, but I would never recommend a game which ends like it ended in my case. The shortest sequence in the entire game, that's f*cking lazy! it ruined everything."
,Recommended,265550,24436392,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,pitbot,why mixed?racist
76561198120443231,Not Recommended,265550,13618668,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ghost22,Best loading screen ever so Capcom this was ur last chance to make a good game so did u do well NO this game LAGS so much i cant even play with out having lag i always played Capcoms games but u guys had to rush and put this game out to make some money well u guys blew it im finished with ur games so by by
76561198142761170,Recommended,265550,12333355,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Slipperyjim,"Asolutely awesome pixel bashing fun! Haven't enjoyed a 3rd person open world slaughterfest so much in ages. Yes sure there is an issue with the odd crash, tho I have managed to play for hours at a time with no problems.The graphics are superb, the gameplay has plenty of depth......there are 100's of different objects that can be used as weapons! and so many ways to kill zombies or just have fun with them (like kick a football in their face :-)On top of this you have a storyline with great cutscenes and voice acting, plus some boss fights that may not be against zombies. It's kinda like a cross between GTA and siphon filter.Also there is character customisation by way of skill points to increase, and lots of different outfits to find and wear. Try utilising your martial skills in melee zombie slaughter dressed as Bruce Lee, or make a combo weapon with a motorcycle engine with boxing gloves (which gives you attacks like in street fighter) and dress as Ken.For myself I am happy to have bought it. And show me a game these days that is bug free and doesn't get patched or updated shortly after release (not that I am excusing the lack of optimisation and testing that is commonplace nowdays in the software market).So I am sure that the bugs will eventually get ironed out. But at least it is not gameplay bugs that i have seen, just the odd crash. However it is still very very playable and just plain great fun!I give it 8/10. as is.....I would likely increase that after updates and bugfixes."
,Not Recommended,265550,21162757,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Jag går B som CT ♛ ♚ hor,This game is basically the same as gabe newels a'nus. Dont buy this crap you have better of eating smegma then playing this game.
76561198194898590,Recommended,265550,33213962,Posted: 3 July,all,party king,it dosent run on my computer so i cant really give it a good review but i cant give it a bad one either so play it if you have some sort of super computer
,Recommended,265550,15015862,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,ThunderMonkey,"Honestly, I held off on this game for the longest time until it went on a ""mid-week madness"" sale, due to so many negative and harsh reviews.  (Though, would have honestly loved to have seen one of the extreme 70+ %-off sales!)Now that I finally have the game, I'm not sure why there were so many harsh reviews... perhaps there's been decent patching done since to iron out a few of the hiccups.  But on a slightly-aged system, albeit a six-core, this game runs pretty great on mostly high settings, some customized to be more ""medium""-ish.  Every once in a great while, like very rarily, there might be a subtle hiccup and that's it, while still looking breath-taking and beautiful; although, the sound tends to stutter from time to time, and can't seem to find the propper options to iron this out, even after tinkering under the hood with sound-card settings directly in the OS.  I also tried each of the quality ranges (720p, etc)... granted, sure, it looks crispier on the higher settings like ""full"", but I just run it on 720p and the difference isn't to over the top.There are some tiny issues I've noticed, but moreso that just go to point out that it's a console-port... such as when you alt-tab out of the game, the music keeps going and you have to turn off your speakers when multi-tasking... be nice if there was a patch or fix for this.  Would also be nice to see a true sandbox mode as well (there is an ""external work-around"" for this, but I'd REALLY rather not have to go down that route if possible)... before buying the game, certain reviews had led me to believe that there'd be plenty of time for everything in plain ""story mode"", and since it seems the time-elapse is based on checkpoints in the story I believe, technically there is... but still semi-stinks to feel that there will be looming doom after a certain period of time that could blow up in your face (pun mildly intended).  Also, with the size of the city, which for the record is great... all the many side quests (which are also great)... sometimes there's an itching feel of doing lots of busy-work, or having to focus on everybody else more than your own character... which is a tad ironic considering it is a zombie apocalypse after all. xDOnly real reason I could see for the over critical-nature of most reviews, is probably because Dead Rising 3 remained a Microsoft-exclusive... would really have loved to see how this game runs on a PS4 myself... but at least on PC, thank goodness for the power of Linux! ^_^PS - Only other minor issue I can think of is how the gamepad/joystick controls are hardcoded and not changeable as far as I can tell.  Used to having attack and power attack on the triggers along with the aim functionality... it's strange using face buttons for attack... of course, it is Capcom; it's like playing Street Fighter in Zombieland. xD"
76561198044114797,Recommended,265550,23819561,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DaFront,Runs very smooth and very enjoyable. Bought it during Summer sale 2016.
76561198009667292,Not Recommended,265550,12942507,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,#silverlivesmatter,"idk why the game isnt working for me cuz everytime i tried to launch the game, all i get is a black screen n nothing else. i hope someone would give me a reply of telling why wont the game work bcuz i spent 50 dollars for this game n hope itll be worth it. hopefully it still is, but for me to play not staring at a blank black screen of darkness."
76561198158205989,Not Recommended,265550,33782949,Posted: 25 July,all,thisuser2004,I would rather watch paint dry. 4/10
,Recommended,265550,25025324,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,ColdNemesis,this is a good zombay gamez
,Not Recommended,265550,13416207,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,LEB<A>NESE,"Dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ass game. Capcom is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company that does not take care of their ♥♥♥♥ing games. i ♥♥♥♥ing pre ordered this game and till this ♥♥♥♥ing day it is not ♥♥♥♥ing working (17.12.2014). if anyone has suggestions please help me. because ive emailed the capcom in all regions multiple times and none of the ♥♥♥♥ing capcoms replied to me and the updates hasnt been coming lately. they have not addressed the problem and they ♥♥♥♥ing should, im also very dissapointed steam didnt address this problem and did not really do anything. atleast give us something meanwhile or atleast achknowlege the problem♥♥♥♥ you, sincerly karim"
,Not Recommended,265550,30511193,Posted: 14 March,all,Pim <3 Nintendo,slow and unresponsive controls dont like this game even after fps cap is removed game feels like console port rush and clunky controls im running into walls cars and everything just trying to move around in world
76561198091793362,Not Recommended,265550,12965578,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Tedbear13,"I waited for ever for this game to download and you know what I get? Nothing. £40, gone. Never get this game"
,Recommended,265550,21109129,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,iSycamore,its a good game actualy
76561198149879523,Not Recommended,265550,13901106,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,sethwashere1212,Horrible framerate
76561198119163413,Recommended,265550,23946455,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Hey B0ss PLs,Can I get a wall?
76561198262841433,Recommended,265550,21114541,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,B.P.B.C,The only reason people dont like this game is because they dont know very much about it...
76561198170048218,Not Recommended,265550,13742543,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Amber_Radsma,this game will let me do nothing its to laggy on a brand new laptop i want my money back
76561198178135951,Not Recommended,265550,17346655,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,snrwaffles,to whomever reads this.i dont know much about computers or their games but apon buying this game i noticed i did not have enough ram to play it i tried anyway and it was so slow i could almost not kill zombies the next day i bought a new ram card and now have over the needed ram by 2 times the amount and was exited to play but had to wait to get off work well it went just as slow i do not know if it is my other parts or if you have lost interest in making good games such as dead rising 2 but i am thouroghly disapointed in what i have seen so far
76561197976177356,Not Recommended,265550,12215331,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Versace™ Dennis the Menace,"THIS IS THE WORST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED, EVERY WAKING MOMENT WAS AN ORDEAL"
,Not Recommended,265550,29425158,Posted: 22 January,all,GabeDeDryNoodle,"Very good game, but I can't run it so it should probably have an optimized option which optimizes the game inside of it.(like ark, cs:go,tf2,even cod).I used the play the 2nd on the ps3, that is why I bought this I would go with the second instead of this6.5/10"
76561198019601607,Not Recommended,265550,19541076,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,The Sneaky Tiki,"Don't waste your money, this thing is a mechanically incompetent, humorless shell of the greatness of the former games.Items have to be directly underneath you or behind you to be picked up, I really wish I han't wasted monet on this."
76561198157471888,Not Recommended,265550,18374929,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,johnson080302,I have seen dead rising 1 run better than this i can't even walk without the lag
76561198131578547,Recommended,265550,12735664,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,OTT3R,WTF the start menu wont load!!! ive seen the game and i think i would like it but its not working!
76561198114830534,Recommended,265550,14568505,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,reece,i can't even play mine its that laggy the movement is like downloading hitman on a school computer
,Not Recommended,265550,24561425,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mad Hops Disease,had to issue a refund after 45 minutes because of the unfixable -30 FPS.
,Not Recommended,265550,20213543,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ZaiYaNai,เข้าห้องน้ำแล้วก็ เซฟ ไม่ได้ ให้ตายเถอะโรบิ้นจะสิ้นใจ
76561198108196908,Recommended,265550,20170885,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Shaggy,Swag! Much SWAG!
76561197970723297,Not Recommended,265550,13250168,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Levitating Kestrel,Crashiest game of 2014
76561198133747951,Not Recommended,265550,19154972,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,barney the dinosaur,i wont let me play
,Not Recommended,265550,26363885,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,CODE KILLER,♥♥♥♥
76561198104497324,Recommended,265550,21088071,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,YoungWezzy,ITS LIT
,Recommended,265550,16216251,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Cameron,no
76561198077450568,Not Recommended,265550,26326665,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,xdreem,just tarrible. the controls are so far off i cant even play the game. the last update was over a year ago and should not be played. when looking into the button lay out it just shows a xbox controler.
76561198133290572,Not Recommended,265550,26319700,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,sir parts of privatia,"Came into this really wanting to like it. This game still has the creative combo weapons, like the Chop n Talk, where you combine a battle axe and a videogame console to make a talking axe. But everything else about it was a turn off. They traded the more simple camera for the ""AAA 3rd person with the camera zoomed in on your upper back"" style. The game also stutters badly where you wouldn't expect it to. During normal gameplay, it's at least 60fps, but at cutscenes or explosions it crawl at sub 30fps. The game also adds skill points that you spend on specific things. Some people might prefer this, but I guess I didn't. If you want to try this game out, I'd get it on the XBox One, not on PC."
76561198260174112,Not Recommended,265550,20141710,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,noobgamer4978,the game loads soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo loooooooooooooooooooong
76561198065654033,Not Recommended,265550,14093456,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ugly Dick,well i use an alienware laptop and this is the worst game its so laggy that its 1 frame per second Alienware the best gaming computer cant take that Take it off steam
76561198196991034,Recommended,265550,33462888,Posted: 11 July,all,Nobitae,"More zombie,more combo weapon and now combo car ? jesus ♥♥♥♥ how a saddist like me not like about ? psycho cutscene ? 10/10 would have a raging boner of killing zombie again"
,Recommended,265550,26649360,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Morty Smith,Buy for the killing ignore the story
,Recommended,265550,20979536,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Helix,yes great game i recomend this♥♥♥♥♥♥its the bomb fun to max out your stats and level and rek zombois so much fun.......make a another one! ;)
,Not Recommended,265550,34651117,Posted: 31 August,all,RafaelJMR,"I have bought this game and it keeps crashing. When i asked a refund, it said it has been recieved but i have been waiting for 14 days and no reply at all. I HATE STEAM."
76561198031530121,Recommended,265550,28961625,Posted: 2 January,all,Harlequin of Hate,This game was loads of fun and packed with all kinds of zombie slaughtering action!  Not sure why this game doesn't have better reviews.  Maybe the game crashes on them a lot or something.  It crashed on me once but that was it.  I highly recommend to download the Flawless Widescreen program which will apply a bunch of fixes.
,Not Recommended,265550,30939568,Posted: 4 April,all,TRIGGERED,Suck your own 30FPS♥♥♥♥♥♥ CAPCOM.
,Not Recommended,265550,32463791,Posted: 15 June,all,{NOVA} ExaggeratedNuggets,If your buying for anything else but the massive amounts of zombie killing...do not buy it :)
,Not Recommended,265550,32395233,Posted: 13 June,all,spooky kooky cresh bandannacloot,"I really wish I could play the actual game to give it an actual review. I was actually very interested in this game when it was announced for the Xbox One all those years ago. It looked like I'd enjoy it more than Dead Rising 1 or 2. But I didn't want to slog out the money for an Xbox One. Capcom announced that the game would be getiing a PC release with all the DLC in 2014. So I was like cool, I have a PC that can run it way above the requirements and it still peaks my interest so let me pre order it. That was my biggest mistake, buying this game full price at $59.99.This game has been a nightmare trying to even get it to a point where I can even play it properly. In my experience the game can crash every 15 and 30 mins. Among that, the performance isn't even that good to begin with. This is one of the worst PC ports that I have had to deal with. The framerate is capped at 30 FPS which can be annoying at times with dips into lower framerates. I've tired many online guides to fix this. I don't mind digging through files of a game to try and get it to run better (I'm quite used to this now with all the games I've accumulated over the years) but this game is the worst example of that. From files that often conflict with each other (from what I've heard) to files that need to be there that aren't even installed when you install it! Like wow.I wouldn't be that mad if I didn't buy the game at full price but thats just it. I did and I highly regret it. Even in it's current state of $29.99, this game just isn't worth the hassle. I'd rather save up the money for an Xbox One and get this game for dirt cheap. But if you do want to buy this game for PC, proceed with great caution. Even with a system that can met and even exceed the requirements, there will still be problems. Get this game on sale for maybe $20 or even less. I'm dissapointed because I really wanted to play this game and I paid full price for a product that doesn't even work."
76561198316375991,Not Recommended,265550,28737619,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,mattcarrara1,My game will get to the loading screen then kick me out to desktop :[
76561198129767001,Recommended,265550,28561798,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,KerplunK!,BADASS Game
,Not Recommended,265550,20022634,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Glory of Satan,This game make you around the city way too muchmake me wanna hurl
76561198060611359,Recommended,265550,19205132,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Sir_ Hudson,well i can recamend this game the best of the hole series good story they really mixed it up not protctble ever really keeps you on your toes i would give it a 10/10the proformence can use a bit more work but all those zobeis i geas thay done the best thay could10/10 WILL PLAY IT AGEIN
76561198320480527,Not Recommended,265550,28861495,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,G胖之阴谋,应用错误能忍?
,Recommended,265550,14372255,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,krudemon,makes my hart sad that so many pepole will miss playing this fun game because of failing to up grade your drivers or read the min and max spec for playing this game ( there at the bottome of the store page) i have a crap computer but im covered by the min spects and i have upgraded my drivers and this game work on high settings and no lag its a gem with no crashing bugs or glitchig If you can meet the spects for this game get it you will love it and for you guys how gave it bad reviews base on you failing to read what is needed to run the game on March 1st there will be a kick yourself in the balls day if you can not bring yourself to do it hit up otheres having the same problem and trade out kicking your each othere thanks for your time and yes i know my spelling is bad and this is on big sentance........Love This Game.   p.s. dont forget March 1st yall.  ( i blame you guys for them not making any dlc for it) hug a nut
,Recommended,265550,12484399,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Nick,"Dead Rising returns to PC with even more addicting zombie killing fun. While most of the features that made Dead Rising 2 such a great game have only been expanded and improved upon, Dead Rising 3 appears to struggle with its own identity with an odd shift in setting and a stronger focus on making a thematic experience. In addition to this identity crisis, the game itself also has some pretty poor optimization work done.The gameplay in this game is the best in the series without a doubt. Combo weapons from DR2 have been greatly expanded upon in DR3 with a huge repetoire of absolutely insane combinations of common household items. One of my favorites is the ""Split-Gun"" that basically splits the barrel of an assault rifle into 5, allowing you to completely sweep a street with automatic gunfire and wipe out any zombie in your path with ease. Not only have weapons been improved, but thanks to DR3's much bigger world size, vehicles have been given much more attention. You can now combine two different vehicles together to make a new ""combo-vehicle,"" some of which almost feel TOO powerful. One vehicle, the ""Roller-Hog,"" allows you to cruise straight through thousands of the undead without stopping. Along with all these addicting weapons, the game itself now offers a ""combo-meter"" that builds up with every consecutive kill. It's a lot of fun to try and beat my own record, especially when you completely use up every weapon in your inventory and are forced to pick up anything you can find just to keep the combo going. Unfortunetly, the game's story missions and side missions are still no fun, despite them no longer forcing you to worry about escorting idiotic AI. The companion AI's are still completely idiotic, but now if you run far enough away from them, they will automatically be returned back to base. In addition to this welcome change, they also made it so that you can complete the story missions at your own pace. At no point did I ever feel pressed for time. If you miss the race against the clock, the game still features a ""Nightmare Mode"" that reduces the amount of time you are given and increases the difficulty significantly. So the gameplay is far more fun than it's ever been in the series, though it may have made the game a little too easy.Dead Rising 3 on the technical side isn't as much of an achievement. The game looks good but it's not the best. The game is locked at 30fps unless you modify the game files and unlock the framerate, but doing so can cause some awkward looking, long-distance zombie animations. The game often crashes to desktop for no reason, and the controller support is there, but there are a lot of bugs associated with it. When aiming, the game will continuously zoom in and out, as if the input is being repeated. The same issue happens when trying to hold the inventory button, which can make stressful close-encounters with zombies even more stressful. Hopefully Capcom fixes these issues down the line but let's be realistic... it's Capcom... these problems will stay forever.The story in Dead Rising 3 is just as completely idiotic and pointless as you might expect. The only good thing about the story is that you can dress up in silly outfits before cutscenes and your character will wear them throughout, which is always good for a laugh. There's also a surprise twist towards the end of the game that I didn't see coming at all and it was a lot of fun to see. But yeah, don't expect anything like ""Last of Us"" in this game's story. It's all about the stupid gameplay in this game, so you might end up just skipping every cutscene. One thing that bothered me about this game is that they changed the setting from the interior of big, colorful, shopping malls to a boring brown and gray city. You can still explore several different stores and houses, but they aren't as much fun to explore as the casinos in DR2. Not only is the setting not as fun, but the fun, elevator-style music that played a big role in the lightheartedness of the past games has been replaced with fluctiating tense music that icnreases in volume as more zombies surround you. It certainly gives the game more tension, but I feel as though this was the wrong choice and really takes away from the fun in the franchise. There's a few stores that still feature some fun music, but it's not nearly as common as it was in the past games, which I personally feel was the wrong call.To summarize, Dead Rising 3 is an insanely fun zombie-killing, sandbox game with hundreds of weapons/vehicles to play with that is now and again interrupted by a pointless story and some infrequent crashes to desktop. The modification to the game files will help to improve framerates for most users, but the game overall is optimized very poorly so I wouldn't expect the best performance overall. Pick it up on sale, it's a great game with lots of fun content, but it's clear we're getting ""sloppy seconds"" with this disaster of a PC port."
76561198284802547,Not Recommended,265550,30516681,Posted: 14 March,all,donnellavery88,I dont ever write reviews but this game crashers every 5 mins.
,Not Recommended,265550,34324823,Posted: 18 August,all,TheJociman,Can't recommend. I haven't even finished my first hour and the game has crashed 4 times. Unplayable.
76561198044717951,Not Recommended,265550,12717307,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,L e g e n d a i r y,good for a few hours but pretty boring and really easy to become o.p havent tried it on its hardest difficulty but in normal its so easy to become unstopable its not even funny.
,Recommended,265550,30097450,Posted: 22 February,all,gay cat,"Niiiice fat lady they got there...really!It is stupidly violent, and absurd in a lot of ways...like me actually!If I had a son (probably never gonna happen), I would kinda look like this, but he'd be a bit more autistic on the sides :)"
76561198161383534,Not Recommended,265550,26456578,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,No Man,"This game is not BAD, you just can't compare it to the first two games. You may like this game if you like zombies.But if you're a Dead Rising fan, just stick to the first two.First of all, this game should not be $30, best to get this game on sale.The graphics are too grainy for my taste.The game could also be VERY easy. At a high level, a combo weapon may kill a boss in a few hits.I also never liked Nick Ramos, he can be really boring or really whiny.If you are specifically getting a Dead Rising game, buy the first two.Not only are they are cheaper, they run better, play better, and all in all worth the time."
,Recommended,265550,12011851,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Like taking skins from a baby...,"Best Zombie Game EVA!!! it has guns and zombies and a sprint button.""Believe the Hype""  -IGN""Way Urban""           -Microsoft""The Citiest game i've ever played""                -Bryan Croissant Kytaco""We are not charging for colors this time""     -Capcom""Capcom reinvents zombies""       -Some Guy""WTF is a Frank West?!""              -CrapcomBut seriously this game strays away from many Dead Rising cartooney staples for a more ""Serious feel"" with expanded gameplay in the staples it keeps.They expanded the Combo weapon system, stat System and Customization.(Much more vehicles and Combo Vehicles)Plus they added weapon crates kind of like the item crates from Resident Evil but they store any item you simply pick up taking it back to store is not necessary same with clothing.But it does use some more new gen gaming aspects like your screen going red when you close to death when you have a health bar, bad camera angles and they added a sprint button that replaces your scrolling inventory back so you can only scroll one way with a controller or are just forced to use a weapon wheel ala GTA and other new gen cover shooters but in this case that only allows you to carry 8 items instead of 12 which bring me to my next point which the max level STILL only 50.You still cannot reload guns so they are still disposable, if Capcom was smart they would make it like Dead Rising 1 Chop Till You Drop where they added every single Resident Evil 4 gun with upgrades just like 4 and they don't take up regular inventory space but then this really would be the best zombie game ever createdThey also removed all the moves that make it Dead Rising, Nick can only use the Knee Drop and it no longer makes you impervious to fall Damage, i repeat**Knee Drop no longer makes you fall damage proof**Main character pretty bland with annoying dialogue and unlikable compared to Frank or Chuck,sountrack pretty lacking too (no DR1 or 2 music) and haven't tried DLC yetSo the map is about the size of the Sleeping Dogs map (4 mini Cities or Towns)and you can remove the 30 FPS limit with a simple fix.The Frank West and Chuck Greene outfits have been unlocked through Mods since the game is easier to mod than past Dead Risings.it doesn't look like a Dead Risingit doesn't sound like a Dead RisingBut does it sure play like a Dead RisingNow what we need is Frank West and Chuck Greene Coop like Case West plus all the DR1 and DR2 mall music."
,Recommended,265550,11989774,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,♛Savior ♛ YT,Great game! love it! but.... the game crashes to much and stops. hope this will be fixed! This game it totaly Worth 50€!
,Not Recommended,265550,32375583,Posted: 12 June,all,PatTheDemon,Just wanted an infinity mode...
,Recommended,265550,23731527,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,GasDog,Blood For The Blood God!
,Not Recommended,265550,12893358,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Pimplock Prime,"DONT BUY THIS GAME. The developers have the fps set so low you are practically watching a flip book being oparated by someone without limbs,unbearable. They want you to see how bad it is on pc so you will buy it on d!ckbox 1 because microsoft are a bunch of oney loving ♥♥♥♥♥s.thusfore until you hear otherwise i would not recommend this game. 'nuff said"
,Recommended,265550,23801434,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zero129,"Became a Knight called ""Sir killalot"" Picked up plant pot and continued to kill a lot of Zombies.10 out of 10 would become a vegetarian again.On a real note.My biggest problem with this game was the performance issues at the start. However playing recently with patch 1.06 and unlocked framerate fix all such problems seem to be fixed.If you Enjoy DR1+2 and mindlesly killing zombies in a number of fun and very different ways you will enjoy this."
,Not Recommended,265550,12029067,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,General Frost,"The game looks good if it actually worked. Bought this game in the summer in high anticipation, its been out a few days now and capcom has yet to fix the crash on loading screen bug. So far this is all i can say about it. Don't buy this game if you have a laptop or a Nvidia card because it probably wont work its been hit or miss for most people. Its sad that such a big company released such an untested mess."
,Recommended,265550,28086435,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,eXcruciate,"Capcom is widely known for making poor pc ports so I tried this before I bought it and it ran fine so I bought it. It has crashed only maybe twice no more than three times in the single player on two playthroughs. For Capcom, that is really good. The main problem with the game though is in co op. My friends have constant disconnects or crashes, putting a serious damper on co op fun. The same happened to me when I joined their games. The crashes are not frequent, and I was able to play for long periods comfortably with one friend, but the point is that there should be zero crashes. That is a pipe dream when you are talking about Capcom games though.Even though I hate DR2, this is one of the most fun games I have played in a long time. I hated DR2 because you are on a constant timer to bring zombrex to your mentally challenged daughter. This game has a countdown too but it isn't a huge bother like in 2: you have 7 days of game time to finish the game before the city gets nuked which equals around 25-30 hours of gameplay as opposed to only around 7 in DR1 and defintely not 25 hours in DR2. I also hated 2 because it felt like a cheesy ""Sega Arcade"" game like Crazy Taxi. This one is just as wild as that game but has a actual AAA feel to it and the graphics are outstanding. It is a darker more serious game, although obviously not that serious when you can build a d-ldo firing gun, among many other crazy items. The seriousness comes from the story and cut scenes, then it turns you loose to your own devices to be as creative as you want. The graphics and effects are some of the best I've seen in a long time and the music and sound are also very good. The story is great and the gameplay is smooth. The game is not very challenging though because it gives you such powerful weapons. On the second playthrough on nightmare mode it was still not a challenge because it let me keep my level, stats, and weapon blueprints. Not one single boss battle in the game is a challenge at all. I never died on any boss and never came close to dying, other than when I first started the game and the monk in the gardens killed me once because the battle comes so quickly and I was still getting used to the game. But compared to the other DR games which have imo some of the worst, most awkward and clunky boss battles I've ever seen, this game's boss battles are a godsend.Being a Capcom port of a open-world console game, there are of course going to be performance issues. In the hands of a more capable company, probably not. There are certain areas of the game that give huge graphical lag spikes for no reason whatsoever because they are no different than other areas of the game. Besides that, the game runs pretty smoothly on max settings for me so considering that this is a huge achievement for Capcom I am pretty damn happy.I completely understand why this game got mixed reviews because of all the people crashing and having performance issues. Capcom is among several other companies when it comes to not being able to port games very well, including Ubisoft and the kings of bad ports, Square. I am fortunate enough to enjoy the game relatively unhindered at a smooth 60 fps.8/10 The game is well worth the $30 I paid for it for the 40 hours I got from it. There are also four untold stories that you can play from the main menu."
,Not Recommended,265550,32547456,Posted: 18 June,all,Novapolitan,Just an average game. Dead Rising 1/2 were 10 times better. Wouldn't highly recommend this
,Not Recommended,265550,32943099,Posted: 28 June,all,✪ Mr. SKiLzZ,"Bad PC port, you get max 30 FPS. Refunded it right away."
,Not Recommended,265550,27956280,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sexy Movitz (°ω°),if you are going to play this co op with a friend know that if he disconnects and then joins again later his inventory will be empty so that is really bad and ruined the experience for me and my buddy
,Not Recommended,265550,35062694,Posted: 19 September,all,Aurani,Buggy triple-A title that's not worth it even under a 70% discount.There's so many things wrong with this game that I don't even know where to start complaining.Just avoid it and go play the first game or a different series altogether as this game will bring you more frustration than enjoyment.
76561198041695183,Recommended,265550,11997074,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Edward Blom,1 of the best zombie games u can get
76561198068482820,Not Recommended,265550,23907667,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mc-Nib-Nab,...27 minutes was too much
,Not Recommended,265550,12875878,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,☢ ColdFaced Lee Koji 屠る™ ☢,I will not recommended to anyone for this game
,Not Recommended,265550,13086200,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,coziest,"If you don't have a 5000$ computer, you can't run it smoothly. 12.31/10"
76561198047084865,Recommended,265550,11989096,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Chocobob,This lag....the graphics are too ridiculously intense.
,Recommended,265550,11990203,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,[GTLP]Guanthwei,http://imgur.com/kRg3DHzI have 8GB RAM and 2GB VRAM and the game had to be closed because it was using too much RAM. The cutscenes run at sub-20FPS. The game itself is capped at 30FPS. WTF?!
76561198064808415,Recommended,265550,11990014,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,phillg0,I love the game. I just wish it would stop crashing to desktop...
76561198084322718,Recommended,265550,28783288,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Gunnar,Good game.... Worth the money
76561198035380665,Not Recommended,265550,34751155,Posted: 5 September,all,аутизм,█████▄▄███████▄▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓██░░░░░░░░░░░░████▀░░█░░░░████▀░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░▀▀
,Not Recommended,265550,26060778,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Arby,"Poorly optimized, even on my decent PC."
76561198075451515,Not Recommended,265550,29066011,Posted: 6 January,all,Disco,Got a solid 19 frames per second.
,Not Recommended,265550,24051283,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,PoopFaceBomb,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ port with 30 fps lock. said there was a way to unlock fps, followed steps exactly, still locked"
,Recommended,265550,23590802,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Yhwach,"Not exactly fun alone, great with friends or your significant other after some hot human on asari action."
,Recommended,265550,15937304,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Toad™ ツ,zombie killer simulator 2014 low res editionproslonger mission timesrandom eventsvariety of zombieshe-mancraftingconsi dont have any deal with it
,Not Recommended,265550,19217980,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,TripleThis,Game keeps crashing on startup. Waste of my birthday money! I want a refund or a fix!
,Not Recommended,265550,18573469,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Appr3h3nd3r,"frame cap, lag, dull and boring. makes me wish i still had the first game. entire experence is a paste of drab pointless and underwhelming"
,Recommended,265550,21923831,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,TotallyNotAaron,"drank beer to regain health, 10/10 would become an alcoholic again"
,Not Recommended,265550,20014527,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Lonely Portrait,Do you like crashes?Crashes on the loading screens?Crashes on the menu?Crashes in the cutscenes?THEN THIS GAME IS FOR YOU.(It makes the originla sonic look like a good game)
76561198025293799,Not Recommended,265550,25859053,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Kolbe Howard,"Literally unplayable with an unlocked framerate. The game breaks whenever you zoom in with a weapon or try to use the weapon wheel. The performance is terrible, it looks awful, the fov gives me a chronic migrane. This is a horrible nightmare mess of a PC port."
,Not Recommended,265550,26169794,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,KeftTut,Unless you have a beast computer or are looking in to one then I would not buy this game. I have a pretty nice computer and I cant run this game on the lowest setting without servere frame drops. Me and a friend bought this toghether and i cant hardley enjoy it with all the lag. At most i get 30 frames a second.
,Not Recommended,265550,28141473,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,RoastSalmon,not optimized.
,Recommended,265550,16293911,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,magicianfaustxi,"This game has never given me more sadness... My computer can not run it...I had preorderd it with the belief my laptop could run it with everything bloewing the requirements out of the water, except my processor is too slow. Why does this reveiw come now? Becuase Steam has refunds now, and with 20 minutes of play time being unable to get anywhere... I want my money back >.>... Maybe I'll buy a new laptop processor and hopefully not brick it."
,Not Recommended,265550,18704401,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,KillaaStar,cant beat the claws and the fire it is simply to fustrating to play that game anymore
76561198154687997,Recommended,265550,24439990,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Mr Demonic,can you use ps4 controller on deadrising 3
,Recommended,265550,18495046,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Andromalius,unoptomized but really funno new game+ like you'd expect
,Recommended,265550,15006034,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,S|A|W,Great game! Not better then DR on Xbox 360 but better then DR2. Why so many negative reviews? because your sh!t PC can't run it even on minimal settings? ASK YOUR moma to buy you new video card.
,Recommended,265550,23043931,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,♕ Madskillz ♕,Its not the most well polished game but that doesnt take away from the hours of fun i had playing this game!
76561198170819021,Not Recommended,265550,28666900,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Basil Brush,"One word""repetitive"""
,Recommended,265550,20408621,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Spookyena,This game is pretty cool.
,Recommended,265550,20363209,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,HGM,love it
76561198140618441,Recommended,265550,12665385,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,luckychristopher90,good ~~~~
,Not Recommended,265550,23329613,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ocelot0x,"-Got the game .-Played it and really loved it.-\""Let\'s unlock all achievements, shall we ?\"".-Started to beat many challenges including the awful PP trails.-One day I started the game I found  : \""compilation progress = 0%\"".-Everything went to zero for no reason!!!-Got raged.-Uninstalled the game.-Not recommending it .It\'s really shame to see a great game like this got these types of BS in 2015 , and apparently Microsoft not welling to fix it.If DR4 became a thing i will never buy it unless if there was no technical glitches like we have it here."
,Recommended,265550,14941768,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Hunter,Why buy a $500 XBONE when you can play it's only decent game on PC?
,Not Recommended,265550,12620196,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Shadowius,Many bugs and story was most ♥♥♥♥ with this game series.
,Not Recommended,265550,28472264,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Nintendy,Don't you love games that when you try do a DLC you lose all save data on the main game?No?Well tough.
,Recommended,265550,34342560,Posted: 18 August,all,SamTheMolester,better than Jake Paul 9/11
76561198254881097,Not Recommended,265550,20958797,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,_alex039_,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥wont even work
,Recommended,265550,11989928,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,owlsynth,this game crashes every 15 minutes cant play it :(
76561198043423527,Recommended,265550,11990747,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Mephistopheles,Dead Crashing 3...
,Not Recommended,265550,28145425,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Galluxi,"Good game, good story. Just terribly ported from console to PC and locked to 30 fps."
76561198042380403,Recommended,265550,11994507,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,AmGod,It is the best game ever!!!!!! why have you not spent your money on it buy it buy it now have it on xbox one who cares buy agian best zombie game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,265550,12226642,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Count Cuckula,"Extremely laggy if you try to play on high graphics; requires an extremely pricey pc build to play on high graphicsthis is probably the worst in the dead rising series because-they made it way to serious even if there still is a few giggles in the game, way too easy, laggy and a pretty poor port, characters are annoying and cutscenes are rushed or extremely cheesyplay dr2 off the record if you want the best dr game on steam"
,Not Recommended,265550,27995637,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Super Vegito,"Weak story. Really boring and repetitive, forgettable characters. Just get DR1 remastered and DR2 OTR , much cheaper and better"
76561198060819453,Recommended,265550,11988211,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,bboy_damo,"This game is awesome.  They took out all the chore of inventory management from the first 2 games, and replaced it with a very fun-friendly system of accessing any weapons that you've had from safehouse all over the map.  Never before have you been able to so effortlessly jump into full scale wanton zombie destruction.  Way to go Capcom, third times the charm."
76561198020822205,Recommended,265550,11989944,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Y'Golonac,"Initial Response.Very poor conversion.AVOID.I want my money back.My rig is not cutting edge, OC'd Ivy Bridge i5K with Nvidia GTX580.getting 10-15 fps at 1080 with shadows, AO, AA et c. turned off.don't worry about the 30 Fps frame cap.Few will hit it.Once the QQing stoppingWish I'd bought that 780/R9X when i had the money.Good game, just run at lower settings, still looks okay.Anitmation's a bit choppy, tho."
,Recommended,265550,11992760,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,iGopromaca,very good game nothing rong with it dont liseen 2 the trolls its smoth max out and streaming 70 + fps !twitch.tv/igopromacai reconmend yousing a xbox pad
76561198074219640,Not Recommended,265550,19375522,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Dɑи-Eи⑃o-λnnwєιɿιи-,Why...is my game broken...I cant even start it up....PLEASE FIX IT....PLEASE>>>> I BEG OF YOU I REALLY WANT TO PLAY THIS>
76561198050364591,Recommended,265550,23200119,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,ЯedЯum,"zombies!   if you cant run this game , find out whats wrong with your machine."
76561198015597183,Recommended,265550,12753718,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Tentaquil,"Better than Dead Rising, easily as good as Dead Rising 2"
76561198131152840,Not Recommended,265550,22782309,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ramboxox,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME. SO MANY ISSUES ATM, MOST PEOPLE CANT EVEN PLAY IT DUE TO GRAPICS CARD ISSUES WITH THE GEFORCE SET, YOU EITHER CRASH EVERY 1-15 MINS, BLACK SCREEN, CRASH ON LOADING IN, CRASH EVERY 30 SECONDS, AND CAPCOM HAS MADE NO ATTEMPTS TO FIX IT. ME ASWELL AS MANY OTHER FEEL AS IF THEY JUST TOOK THE MONEY AND DONT CARE ANYMORE."
,Not Recommended,265550,13796631,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Gnomehunter,"Save your money if you don't tolerate or support bad PC ports. Not only does this software demand and tax more than is necessary, it also lacks fundamental necessities of a half decent port. FOV is locked at a sickening 47 degrees, controls are very clunky and the game doesn't even fully support widescreen. It reeks of a botched port."
76561198283259246,Not Recommended,265550,25032245,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,BruceBane3,"I got a fairly good portion of my way through this game months ago and then it just crashed. Everytime I have tried to play it since it will stutter about 5 minutes in, go black screen on me and it's a wrap. It is a CPU glutton as well. Don't even waste your time with this."
,Not Recommended,265550,30250183,Posted: 28 February,all,Saikoh_,brodont uninstall itone uninstallandthesecond download ISFAKING CORRUPTED
76561198114304415,Recommended,265550,25064635,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Salty Weeaboo,i want it
76561198165166258,Not Recommended,265550,17242813,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Toxic shadow,it is a wast of money for moste pepole the game dose not even work!!!
76561198031041846,Not Recommended,265550,19373258,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,tvinscool,it dosent even run for me wtf
,Not Recommended,265550,24022313,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Triple Soviet,"Without talking about the failed abortion the PC port was, Dead Rising 3 for me still gives out a mixed reaction. The game itself is not bad, but certian parts of the game just made me want to slam my head on the nearest sharp object.Dead rising 1 was as hard as a gay masochist fighting in the UFC. You needed to pick and choose which side-quest you needed to do and which ones you had to drop during your first play through. Boss fights in the game was as scary as realizing you are fighting a gay masochist in the UFC. The Soundtrack for this game made it a game I would take a beating to play it again however. You can guess what I wanted to put in this line.Dead rising 2 did in in realizing that Dead Rising 1 was insanely difficult and made changes into how survivors and Boss Fights work, but at the same time making them still challenging. The introduction of taping a richard to a johnson to make a throbbing blood lance made the boss fights a little easier and way more entertaining. It felt fun to play through the game again seeing how fast you can the first boss with a leaf blower that blows more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥than freshmen in college while at the same time trying not to die. Again the sound track made each boss enjoyable and unique, while at the same time making me realize how good of a band Celldweller is.Then we come to Dead rising 3. One of the huge issues veterans to the Dead rising series will notice would be the protagnist Nick Ramos failure in pretty much every sense of surviving. At one point running out of cover to yell at Spec-Ops to say ""You killed that man"". It took a lot of effort to not run out of my window at that point. After being forced to reinstall the game to play CO-OP with a friend, I realized how better the Co-op partner is comparied to Nick. If I say his name Steam will probably censor it. Richard feels more like Frank and Chuck from the previous games, making wise cracks when they can and not acting like a shelter child who was forced outside for the first time.Its not hard to fail at making fun weapons to dismember and disembowel zombies with. Dead Rising 3 gives the player a great assortment of fun and good weapons to use again the countless horde of Zombies. That is however its flaw. There is way to many zombies to actually have fun with a weapon. I ended up using only the Spilt Shot gun for most of the game since it goes through Zombies like the IRS does with my Money.The game adds Ultimate Combo weapons which require you to find all the blueprints to use them fully, Something that I will rant on further down. However some combo weapons seem like a weapon you should have trouble getting until you have all the pieces to get. The weapon locker makes these weapons as common as the billions of propane tanks laying on the roads of the city. The game did make it so you can only get two of these ultimate weapons out of one locker at a time. Its not broken or Overpowered, it just makes them not feel like Ultimate style weapons.Driving in Dead Rising 3 is fun for a bit before you car slows down from the amount of zombies and then blows up once you run of an gas barrel that someone left outside of a Hotel. If the game didn't have these cars, it would be impossible to play. Most of the Combo Cars looks like the rejected concept art of a Mad Max Horror game.  If you were expecting more than a few combo cars and junk cars, why are you playing a zombie game? Buy Mad Max or a GTA.Just a few more things before I get done ranting. There are more skills points and than there are levels so even if you are level 50 you aren't done yet. However you don't really need all the levels. Once you get every perk, Nick becomes the Sheltered Super Man of the Zombie world.  The spilt shot would probably be considered a WMD. Boss fights become how fast can I kill this Boss with a single Assault Rifle. The answer is fast. Paul Walker would be jealous of how fast you are going,Boss fights become just Boss fights not scary or troubling just a thing to do during the 7 days they give you. There are only 6 side quest Boss Fights, That 7 deadly sin thing is kinda redundant if one of them is a story boss. The Boss Fight themes which use to be one of the highlights for Dead Rising are kinda bland and forgetful in DR3. Side Quest Survivors are now more Go to A to B to get 3 items to destroy an item across the map. I had trouble not giving up after one survivor told me to destroy Vans all over the city.I promised to complain about the collectables, but I was also promised a game that I would enjoy playing. The game is fun before you realize how irritating the story, protagnist and collectables are. The final, not OVERTIME, boss comes out of no where. If it was suppose to be a plot twist, it needs to have a plot people are engaging in first. I have to say No to this game even though I forced myself to get everything in this game.If Dead Rising 4 feels like this I may have to drop one of my favorite Series."
76561198048736247,Recommended,265550,15794240,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Soft & Lilly,It's a fun game but the DLC's suck
,Recommended,265550,15790037,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,judejägarN,Örn
,Recommended,265550,14948017,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Bob Roager (DK),hey i need help can some one join me/add me so we can play?
76561198063648921,Not Recommended,265550,22408974,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,red 9,needs more blood and gorebtw the people are complaining about microtransactions just dont buy the microtransactions god damn itฏ๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎ํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํỎ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ ͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͬͤ ͤ Ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ด้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็ ฏ๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎ํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํỎ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ ͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͬͤ ͤ Ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ด้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็ ฏ๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎ํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํỎ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ ͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͬͤ ͤ Ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ด้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็
,Recommended,265550,23837007,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rick,best zombie game ever ( after l4d2 ) with awsome physics nice campaing and mostly AWSOME CARS & WEAPONS
76561198065842194,Not Recommended,265550,28663132,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ST0PxistingN0W,"Some days I wonder... ""Are they ever going to make a Dead Rising game? Or some 'Dead Rising' game?"""
,Not Recommended,265550,30534428,Posted: 15 March,all,FREEZO AKA Alberto,30FPS Lock fix this issue
,Recommended,265550,11989238,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,chickem1232,I know this is a wonderful game but it keeps crashing a start. does anybody know why?
,Recommended,265550,11990350,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,FJheals,AMAZING GAME!
,Not Recommended,265550,20234205,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Jeremythellama1,"Terrible port, kids will say otherwise, but they clearly don't have critique skills nor understand quality.Don't buy this, it controls like dogshit, literaly dogshit.Don't even get my started on trying to play this game at 30fps.It's impossible.And this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥anyways.Thank you come again."
,Not Recommended,265550,28693302,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,King Megalodon,Im gonna stinking cry its sad i wasted my money on a good game that doesnt work whats sadder is im 13 and I wasted alot of money for this I can play it for a few minutes then it will crash pleaase fiixxxx
76561198069219505,Recommended,265550,11992372,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Cptnobeard,Brilliant game ive had no bugs/crashes or low fps its all smooth
,Recommended,265550,11990306,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,hENNIFER,"If you love sucking, don't buy this game.If you hate sucking, buy this game.If your PC sucks, don't buy this game.if your PC doesn't suck, buy this game.If you don't understand how to use a computer, buy a console.AND THEN BUY THIS GAME."
76561198015331470,Recommended,265550,11989952,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,A Multiplayer Game,"It Looks sick as F$%#@     if your pc is not HIGH speed dont buy it  till you upgrade you got to have like 35 gb avail, grafix sicks looks intense  mad zombie play I g2g play  dr3 now so peace"
76561198170713978,Recommended,265550,23854278,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,My GF is a wonderful BICTH!!!,Good game
,Recommended,265550,32798155,Posted: 25 June,all,Ace,gucci
76561198038904493,Recommended,265550,25022593,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Nat20,Love the game but Jake won't play it with me.
,Recommended,265550,33448132,Posted: 10 July,all,Drewkemia,it's aight
,Not Recommended,265550,21036096,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[FDC2] Ryan the Quacktastrophe,"Crashes every 5-10 minutes, lags like a ♥♥♥♥♥, even on lowest settings. I can run GTA 5 on this laptop no problem... I want a  ♥♥♥♥in refund"
76561198116981550,Not Recommended,265550,16727365,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Zombieslayer4293,I GOT THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME FOR 60$ AND THIS GAME I♥♥♥♥♥♥OK IM GOING TO SIMULATE THIS GAMEO h Th is S u ck s O MG
76561198157356020,Recommended,265550,24784851,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Acoustic Loser,Buys game> no freeroam> uninstalls> reinstalls> doesnt play campain 5/3
76561198298308553,Not Recommended,265550,33817519,Posted: 26 July,all,cucumbnana simmons,"the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ i played the game for 3 hrs, but i still cant find a lego mask"
,Not Recommended,265550,34515966,Posted: 26 August,all,PoiTSR,Controls are♥♥♥♥♥
76561198168064274,Recommended,265550,18051579,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Monomex,It wont let me play whenever i click the window it turns black and says dead rising 3 has stopped working
,Not Recommended,265550,31968760,Posted: 26 May,all,Vinrael,Pish
,Not Recommended,265550,28286955,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Nutzilla,"I love every open world game where you can do whatever you want and just ♥♥♥♥ around. This game is almost one of those games, but you always have time on your hand and if you dont do all the missions in like 2 hours the world will be destroyed with a gigant nuke..."
76561197988109271,Not Recommended,265550,34983649,Posted: 15 September,all,Captain X,"I really dont like this game. It's stale and very steortypic. Its really just, boring."
,Not Recommended,265550,23928063,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,M@nG0™,"i want back my money, this game always bug and turn off by itself, how can i get back my money"
,Recommended,265550,15817381,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,-TacticalMagoN,Wait for it...... Its coming.... 9/10!!!
,Recommended,265550,11989696,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Pfisi,"This game rocks totally looking super fantastic, controls are good perfekt game !!!"
76561198069476625,Recommended,265550,32792030,Posted: 25 June,all,SeatedGamer,This game is great
,Recommended,265550,28451671,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Gabu,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Not Recommended,265550,19351570,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dannbaws,Don't buy this game. Just don't.
,Not Recommended,265550,34500072,Posted: 26 August,all,IamBarrackObamaBOIS,THE ♥♥♥♥ING WORST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED. NOT WORTH THE CASH.
,Not Recommended,265550,29597977,Posted: 30 January,all,LoliSpanker,Nick ramos is the reason we cannot have nice things. Also there are no psychopaths like the previous games. So they effecitively took out 50% of the reason I enjoyed the first two.
76561197971218600,Not Recommended,265550,32695587,Posted: 23 June,all,Rick Sanchez,"I bought this game for under $10. It's a good thing it was so cheap because it barely worth the little bit of money I spent on it.The first thing I've noticed about the game is the durability of weapons. As you use weapons they break, so a 2x4 will eventually break after smashing 20 zombies. What is wrong is items like a sledgehammer having the same durability as a 2x4. Hmmm. No.Then you have combo weapons which aparently have higher durabilty. Well, if you have a two ended weapon, how is that going to make a sledge hammer last longer? It isn't, but in this game they have figured it to be so. Eh?Then you have guns, which break when they run out of ammo. HAHA. Really? Were you too lazy to write code for ammo or to have people carry ammo? This is the dumest part of the game. Guns which break when they run out of ammo. Facepalm.The other thing that I noticed is that you can avoid zombies by being at a slightly higher elevation than their heads. Zombies can't climb any thing, so if you stand on the hood of a car, the zombie can be right next to you with arms raised and they can't touch you. LMAO.Next they have skills and points and levels, which I understand, but it takes away from the game. They should have a character creation at the start of the game. There are no ""nightmare"" levels or ""easy"" levels. You build your character and if you don't take a lot of skills the game is more difficult. If you want the game to be super easy, then you take every skill, give yourself max HP, basically building a god mode.I think the only thing they got right in this game is the ability to create weapons by combining them. However they don't let you combine crap until your have a blue print? Why wouldn't you just allow people to combine anything together then rate it. A 2x4 nailed to another 2x4 makes a 4x8. That is a killer weapon to use against zombie heads. And then if you put a bowling ball at the end, holy crap batman.The building feature should be more open and they would be better off designing the game to have a more realistic physics engine. Then people could try building stuff, anything, and if it worked then it would work. Some times things would break quicker, sometimes they would last for a long time. I could imagine building a weapon which lasted the whole game but the next time you play you can't repeat the same creation.Overall this game is a waste of harddrive space. It has decent graphics, decent action, but lacks too much to be taken seriously.(addition)I also noticed that after saving a game in a safe room, I was then pushed back to the start of the zone after I loaded the game again? The car is missing and I have to run all the way back to the location I need to be?I can understand a normal car eventually taking damage enough that it would stop working but the first heavy vehicle I created was a steam roller with what appears to be a economy style Toyota. The monster you create only lasts a few minutes and eventually blows up. Bah! What ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Give me the ability to repair damage on cars and weapons.Five thumbs down."
76561198152394809,Not Recommended,265550,28671479,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Srek,♥♥♥♥♥lol
76561198386086809,Not Recommended,265550,35323086,Posted: 29 September,all,yeeeee believer,I am sorry but when i downloaded your game all it showed me was a black screen. I spent real money for this game and i want it back. Pls valve read this.
,Not Recommended,265550,23872680,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Tom,Didn't run well on Amd R9 380.
,Recommended,265550,11986885,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Tony,Better gameplay than COD?????- Its good people!!.8/10.
,Not Recommended,265550,31649880,Posted: 9 May,all,lux,boring
,Not Recommended,265550,19849648,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,luna,My friend couldnt buy this game because he lives in Germany.
76561198353606160,Not Recommended,265550,28931306,Posted: 1 January,all,cat wizard,the game keeps laging even tho this laptop has plenty of games a\it keeps kicking me out of the game i paid 8 dollors for this AND I WANT IT BACK!!!!!!!!
76561198202605957,Not Recommended,265550,33048897,Posted: 30 June,all,TheIronChops,it requires a hardcore gaming pc
,Recommended,265550,14875963,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ZeroNightSleep,"This game is awesome! I ♥♥♥♥ing love it! It runs really smooth on my computer. So that means all you guys that wrote a bad review have sucky♥♥♥♥♥computers... So stop hating on the game, cause your computer sucks!Computer Specs: CPU Intel i7, 16 GB RAM, and a GTX 980 videocard"
,Not Recommended,265550,25418568,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Zombiehunter220,"when i 1st bought this i was hoping it be better then a crappy port. to my dismay and after many patches to make it work, even on my laptop. i came to a conslusion that the game has a hard time loading on my gaming rig. alot of textures dont load. at times the game freezes and many many more issues.. i exspacted this.. very poor opermazion (sp)i will say this tho the game dont have that same feel i had when i played DR1 (witch came with alot more on 360) i just did not injoy this game like the other. i thought DR 2 eh.. i really wish zombies stay bloody dead and the grinding and game playing was not teeth grinding... my main biggist think i hated was the city really felt in closed, to enclosed.. i really wish i had a REAL open world city to play in. (dead iland did a good job and DI2 still felt alot more open then this game did even tho your closed it..) i felt this game lost alot of the charm that DR1 had. (no game had good controls ) (i think the other thing i hated in this game was nothing was jaw droping or felt new or refreashed from the game.  stroy could of been way better.. (it was so bad playing it i watched the rest on utube.. and in truth i missed nothing.. its all the same...would i buy DR4 yes just hoping they learned what made this game sh..t"
,Not Recommended,265550,19378785,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,SMeaty,Fix it....
,Not Recommended,265550,25546128,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,A.L.M,just get it on xbox because the 30fps lock on pc is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n g joke [i know there are fixes but i am in the small persent of people that cannot fix it] gmpcr_unlock_frame_rate=True didnt fix it at all
,Not Recommended,265550,31241082,Posted: 19 April,all,Senior referee Callum,"DO NOT BUYThis game glitches out my steam.Clicked shift tab.Bam.It auto reported random friends deleted messages,posted stuff and then deleted my progress meaning I wasted hours.When I get compensation I'll take this down."
,Not Recommended,265550,23761633,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kajjy,i love the the part where the game crashes just after the plane crash and there's no way to get past. best game ending ever.
76561197970701643,Recommended,265550,12033836,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,Capcom was doing so good on the pc.I guess this is the down point?
,Not Recommended,265550,25049165,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,J'ack シ√√,CO OP SO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T AND SO SUCK IT NOT FUNNY
76561198229463940,Not Recommended,265550,25809358,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,fazewolf,suck me
,Recommended,265550,28791371,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,☢☣Hello»Everyone☣☢,10/10 would kill crossdressing bodybuilder again.
76561198081972590,Not Recommended,265550,34352215,Posted: 19 August,all,Jon Snow,this game is unoptimized  don't buy it
,Not Recommended,265550,34341142,Posted: 18 August,all,FREEMASON,I know I didn't play long but it does not impress me at all...I'm running a gtx 1080 and the graphic is just horrible! It does not match screenshots very very bad! and the zombie looks like stiff ragdoll you hit them and they fly like they're some kind of stiff soldier toy. I no like!
,Not Recommended,265550,30204532,Posted: 26 February,all,Barabronson,bugs.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198153349802,Not Recommended,265550,27703032,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bong Water Tafee,"If you want to waste your time spamming buttons to kill zombies and do boring missions go right ahead, very repetitive and just felt like a waste of time half the buildings you cant go in until you complete boring missions. I do not recommend keep your money."
,Recommended,265550,16950115,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,[Xplays]Xblade_Uk,"If you have a pc worth a damn then you will love this game we are in an age of 4k gaming which make xbox one and ps4 look like a SNES i play in full 4k at 4096x2160 res at 2160p on ultra settings and this game looks amazing it is one of the true next gen titles that we are gonna see more and more of so it is time to upgrade your system if you want to play titles like this.It has always been this way with pc gaming it's just that we are at the best times for uber hardware which is obviously gonna reflect in the titles we are seeing now ,if you dont want to or cannot upgrade your rig for titles like this then there is no point trying to play them you are better off getting (the incredibly lame) ""next gen"" (lol!) consoles .And as for those complaining about the ""30 fps"" cap you cannot blame poor outdated pc's and fps on a 30 fps cap which is totaly not a problem as the game is optimized at 30 fps and does not need any more and plays perfectly fine at that fps."
,Not Recommended,265550,34382654,Posted: 20 August,all,Veelind,"The people who designed this game, the Vancouver branch of Capcom, are a TREMENDOUS INSULT to ANYONE who knows ANYTHING about mainstream American culture. This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing travesty.AND FROM A DEAD RISING STANDPOINT, IT'S EVEN WORSE.The way you save people in Dead Rising 1 & 2:Oh,♥♥♥♥♥♥ ZOMBIES EVERYWHERE. AND I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH TIME I HAVE, DO I SAVE THEM OR LET THEM DIE?!?! I'll save them, but you have to STICK WITH ME. Do I have weapons I can give them? Christ, I hope so. Here, take this board. Good, you're okay. Follow me, I have to... wait, do I have time to fight this psycho? Should I fight ANY psychos before I take you back to the safehouse? God. Decisions... and consequences. How do I manage this?!The way you save people in Dead Rising 3:You killed the zombies next to them. They're safe. XP for you.LA culture compared to LA:Strong Latino influence. People who understand that violence is an everyday reality.LA culture accordint to Vancouver:Rich white people are super scared of even mundane, everyday violence. And when people are afraid of violence, they don't hunker down and stay somplace safe. No, they run away from the places that are safe and get killed, because that's how people who are truly afraid for their lives act, right? I mean, I dunno. I'm from ♥♥♥♥ing Vancouver. Not someplace where violence takes place on a regular basis like LA.♥♥♥♥ these soft, white, ignorant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.And that's from a pure storytelling standpoint. As far as the GRAPHICS are concerned, the game is technically sound for those who can actually play it, but the list of those who CAN is smaller than you'd expect. I mean, I could the specs for my PC exceed this game's minimum graphic standard. But even so, this game just CAN'T load environmental even the most basic forms of environmental effects. What's that, I'm driving? There's a gap in that wall? Okay, I'll drive to the gap in the wall so I can go upstairs and talk to the chick who needs spray paint for safe houses.♥♥♥♥ I CRASHED. WHAT DID I CRASH INTO? IT'S AN EMPTY ♥♥♥♥ING HOLE IN THE WALL?!?!?!Oh. It seems that hole has random bricks attached to it. It would've been nice to see those bricks as I was driving up to them. Too bad I couldn't load them.Speaking of♥♥♥♥♥♥loading improperly, I had to LOAD THE GAME TWICE just to play Chapter 0, the first level of the game. You see, in Chapter 0, you're injured (why, I don't know). So the tutorial tells you ""Press B to pick up items"". You press B and pick up a snack. You press X to eat it. But it's not enough to really heal you, so you have to go further to pick up a bagel. For some un-♥♥♥♥ing-known reason, the bagel, instead of being on the road as any YouTube playthrough of this game would tell you, there was a car and a zombie on top of it, preventing me from picking it up. For the first 30 minutes of playing this game, I tried to pick up a ♥♥♥♥ing bagel with a car on top of it, but I just couldin't do it. I tried to restart the chapter, but that ♥♥♥♥ing car was on top of the bagel. I tried closing and restarting the game, but that ♥♥♥♥ing car was on top of the bagel. I tried restarted the chapter again, and PRAISE BE UNTO JESUS, the ♥♥♥♥ing car and zombie were gone.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥So I started playing the game. It didn't take long to realize that driving is necessary in this game (unless you like getting you and your canon party killed by zombos). But even when you're driving, if you're not in the higher end of graphical capabilities, you won't be able to know where you can or can't go until you've tried to drive through it. Driving driving driving CRASH WHAT WHY CAN'T I DRIVE HE-oh. Oh, the environment has loaded, and I can finally see the cars/broken highway/destroyed plane/military barricade that's there. After I've already hit it. OKAY, MOVING ON, I GUESS.The graphic-based weirdness is NOT A GOSH DARNED THING, though, compared to the Capcom Vancouver version of how city-based Latin-Americana is. It's insulting to my country. It's insulting to Latinos. It's insulting to gamers. And I'm a toaster-based white boy.""Oh, god! I can't believe this is happening!"" — Nick The Hero, 72 ♥♥♥♥ing hours after zombies have taken over a military-forsaken zone, even as he's chopped 85 zombies in half with a fire axe""OH, MY GOD, I'M SO SCARED I CAN'T TAKE IT"" — random survivor in Chapter Zero, before she randomly runs outside the guaranteed safe zone and is killed by zombies within the first 20 minutes of the game""Hoh god <vomit>"" — the super duper hardcore badass trucker coming through town, regarding zombies eating people, which he's been witnessing for the past 72 hours from his personal safe haven""I don't need you, I'm so cool I only need a baseball bat to survive."" — an emo chick who's infected and run out of Zombrex, proving that the hardcore mechanic of a protagonist is nothing but a whiney, lilly-livered, toffee-hearted ♥♥♥♥♥And about that mechanic. Jesus Christ. ""I'll duct tape the slide and ejection port of a pistol several times over so I can attach a non-Maglite flashlight to it. That means it's a 'Tactical Handgun.'""Look. I'm an initiate, level 1 gun nut IRL. But even -I- know that YOU CAN'T TAPE THE SLIDE AND EJECTION PORT OF A ♥♥♥♥ING GUN.♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561197962894204,Not Recommended,265550,24997888,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Viking [Udür],Deleted all my progress. Twice. Good job Capcom!
,Not Recommended,265550,28164216,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,g4m3 sh4rk,"After 8 hours of HTML coding, I thought I would play this game to relax and have a bit of fun. I went back to coding HTML because I was having more fun 0/10."
,Not Recommended,265550,29920851,Posted: 14 February,all,DollarCobra,"WasteI say this as the game is way too expensive for what it delivers and that is the same forced ""comedy"" and the plot is ""in-depth"". If i have an opinion on this game it is that the game isn't worth it's money and shouldn't be bought. Also did i mention the multiplayer, ♥♥♥♥ me."
76561198123783753,Not Recommended,265550,28297075,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,TheSpicyDiablo,was♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,265550,23830527,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,AgentEgg,"The game looks fun but could never get past the main menu without it crashing. Tried most of the ""fixes"" and they didn't work. Only thing left to try is to roll back my graphics card drivers by 2 years, which I'm to going to do! I'm not going to sacrifice two years of performance and stability updates because the devs ♥♥♥♥ed up."
76561198050056595,Not Recommended,265550,21909369,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Frodo,this game is like eating your own fart.
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,265550,19123648,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Dustin,"The most BROKEN CO-OP PIECE OF SH*T ZOMBIE GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED!Decent gameplay, but omg the storyline sucks a*s. The characters stupid as sh*t. Plus there's a TIMELIMIT SO YOU CAN'T EXPLORE IN CO-OP AND HAVE ANY FUN LIKE IN SAINTS ROW.Game randomly crashes all the f*ckign time. It's a terrible GTA5-like port.F*CK THIS PIECE OF SH*T! Just stick with Saints Row or Left 4 Dead.3/10"
76561198116285356,Not Recommended,265550,31288599,Posted: 21 April,all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Jeffmaki,GIVE ME MY MONEY.The Frame rate is so low its like 10 fps
,Not Recommended,265550,12139566,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Burst Fire,bad pc porthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5iPgpk9OII&list=UU9PBzalIcEQCsiIkq36PyUA
,Recommended,265550,11975429,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,ExorCisT,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME !!!GOOD GRAPHIC...GOOD STORY...AND SO ON...THERE ARE SO MANY THINGS WAITING FOR YOU TO EXPLORE...BUY THIS GAME ,YOU WON'T REGRET...TRUST ME..."
76561198046943656,Recommended,265550,11977515,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,レミリア スカーレット,Newest friendship destroying simulatordamn but it really hilarious
76561198137223253,Not Recommended,265550,25063276,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,legendgamer,dont work on windows 10 trash
76561198111563800,Recommended,265550,13611754,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,WaxWax,gr8 game m8 i r8 88/8 dont h8
76561198056186683,Not Recommended,265550,34365706,Posted: 19 August,all,GuyOnAChair,No Super Ultra Dead Rising 3' Arcade Remix Hyper Edition EX + mode.
76561197970776675,Recommended,265550,11983389,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,MaximilianVII,Its a very nice PC version :) very enjoyable and fun to coop with friends
,Recommended,265550,11975437,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,fuong fam,Weird♥♥♥♥♥experience.
76561198271869071,Not Recommended,265550,23870224,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,The Breadinator,"im just gonna start of nicely this game looked amazing so i decided to make the great! decision of buying it, 10 minutes in and the game laggs like♥♥♥♥♥♥the gameplay is horrible altogether this game is a utter complete f*** up and i am extremerly dissapointed with steam for charging  £39.99 hard worked pounds for this game it is a horrible port and deserves to be burnt do not buy this game ever no matter how cheap if you still can get it refunded now!!!!!"
,Recommended,265550,23514105,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,🌸HelloKittyKawaii🌸,<3
,Not Recommended,265550,29860418,Posted: 11 February,all,russian pup,bad game
76561198282290176,Not Recommended,265550,28497919,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,What's up?,The game is worse than before.
76561198010611066,Not Recommended,265550,16335693,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,`impulse✈⛇,♥♥♥♥ing gay♥♥♥♥♥shit cuz u have a time limit.
,Recommended,265550,11983894,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Luxer,Goods
,Recommended,265550,11982466,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Greg_Boxall,Dead Squishing 3
76561198101399980,Not Recommended,265550,25680570,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,stathish,DONT BUY!!!As soon as you finish downloading and press play it will take you to a black page and after some seconds it will stop.Its only a waste of money.
,Recommended,265550,11977753,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Pain,great game !! and fix it zzz randomly crash
,Recommended,265550,11975714,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,20thCenturyBOY™,อยากให้เธอลอง
76561198022953240,Recommended,265550,11980089,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Little Boy Nithipong,สนุกพอประมาณ เนื้อเรื่องต่อเนี่องดีจากภาค 2  ตัวเกมทำออกให้เล่นได้ยาวๆ มีภารกิจให้ทำเหมือนภาคที่แล้วแต่น่ารำคาณมากเพราะคนที่เราช่วยไว้มันจะเดินตามเราตลอด ซอมบี้เยอะสะใจดี อาวุธก็ใช้ได้แต่ด้วยความที่แมตมันกว้างการผสมอาวุธอาจจะลำบากที่จะหาหน่อย ซอมบี้a.i. มีการพัฒนาให้อาวุธได้บางตัว พหานะก็มีหลากหลาย ข้อเสียอย่างเดียวคือระบบ co-op เพราะเวลาที่เราอยากเล่นคนเดียวมักจะมีใครที่ไหนไม่รู้มาจอยกับเรา ถ้าเราอยากเล่นหลายคน น่าจะทำระบบเชิญมากกว่าที่จะให้ใครก็ได้เข้ามา
76561198130360243,Not Recommended,265550,25649714,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,militarypoem64,"bro i got it cuz i like the series but this was a letdown and i was to lazy to get refunded so♥♥♥♥♥off1. has a cliche story2. rhondda dosent give me the♥♥♥♥♥♥4. map iz♥♥♥♥♥♥911.potato420. 30 fps capped (can easzily go to note but not the point)bro dont get this, either get the dead rizing1 or the 2nd one or off the record.          5/10"
,Recommended,265550,12657484,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Buck,"Despite it's teething issues, Dead Rising 3 is a fantastic game which gives you more of what made the previous games so great!DR3 has VERY HIGH system requirements. Be sure you at least meet the min requirements BEFORE you buy!And as always, make sure your OS, all drivers and redistributables are up to date."
,Not Recommended,265550,28185532,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,MimiDicious,"Worst. Game. Ever!The game did not start to begin with, when I finally got it working, it was EXTREMELY laggy!When I finally managed to set ALL the presets to LOW, it finally ""worked""......The mouse was unable to make you look around, you can't smash zombies, can't even point a gun and then you'll die..I asked a refund for my money, because this is terrible.Well done Capcom! -.-'!I do NOT advice you to buy this TERRIBLE game..Too bad, because this could've been cool..."
76561198211105731,Not Recommended,265550,25005865,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Crypto878,Only game so far that doesnt seem to accept my ps4 controller dont know what it is but that killed it for me.
,Recommended,265550,11981735,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Sabo,.
76561198075347367,Recommended,265550,25503199,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Devilblacknova,hi
,Recommended,265550,30441096,Posted: 10 March,all,neorist,Another great slash game!
76561198023391052,Recommended,265550,29554014,Posted: 28 January,all,Mr.Remington,"For my first Dead Rising experiance, it was an enjoyable game but the FPS cap really was a bummer. You can get around it but you can destabalize the game and maybe even your system (rumors but rather mention it to be safe.) Still a good game at 30FPS."
76561198067238226,Recommended,265550,24525845,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Kekkington,Like Skyrim with Zombies
76561198026452405,Recommended,265550,17239768,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,<removed>,"If you like dead island and Saint Row then you will love this game. I can spend hours just killing zombies and exploring the city. The controls are simple and do not need to have a control you can play well with mouse and keyboard. The graphics are pretty good and can be modified with a lots of options. I love being able to create weapons and rescue survivors.The story is nice, and the bosses and events are lots of fun. I have not tried the cooperative but i will try it later. Definitely I can't stop playing. If you love zombies you have to buy this game.Recommended 100 percent"
76561197972662194,Recommended,265550,17032992,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,ridiculouslyblue,"Best of the DR series, the crafting system is more accessible and playthrough is better paced than previous games.  Recommended"
,Recommended,265550,17298113,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Steiner,"(DISCLAIMER: I did not experience any of the common issues with the port for Dead Rising 3, and am judging it based on the game rather than technical issues.)I was concerned that Dead Rising 3 would suffer some loss of its quirky charm because Capcom Vancouver was developing it as opposed to a Japanese studio, but I was pleasantly surprised.I basically knew nothing about Dead Rising 3 and bought it on a whim. As the game was loading I thought ""man isn't it about time they make an open world Dead Rising game?"", and, well, wish granted. Nick is easily the best protagonist in the series, being the most believable and also the most likable. I liked the combo system making sense from a plot perspective, and most of all the size of the map helped deliver a great experience.Something I didn't like was that psychopath encounters were clearly labelled as such on the mission info tab. Part of the fun of earlier Dead Rising titles was not being 100% sure whether you were going to help survivors or fight one off. I played the entire game single player due to poor internet (though one poor guy did try to join my game and it didn't work well), but have every intention of playing through it again with a friend - new internet permitting.All in all, this game is a MUST have for any serious Dead Rising fan. Honestly this is even a compelling reason to buy an Xbox One if you're in to consoles. Luckily it had a PC port and that wasn't necessary. It was one of the better games I've played in recent years.8.5/10"
76561198025671441,Not Recommended,265550,17115030,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Bumbles the Yeti,"It has the Dead Rising title but none of the charm. It's generic 3rd person zombie sandbox game with a bad story (while the Dead Rising games never had an amazing story, they at least felt interesting even if they were ""campy"") but by the end of the game I was disappointed. The game offers no challenge (having personally struggled with psychopaths in the 1st two games, the ones is this game were uninteresting and incredibly easy), combo weapons are locked behind collectable blueprints (no experimenting with the crafting like DR2) and the characters were very bland. Technically speaking it's the best looking of the series and zombie density is quite high and outside of the “special” zombies it’s tough to find any 2 zombies that look identical, but the performance issues ruin any technical achievement (I averaged around 30-40fps on medium-high settings with pretty decent hardware but beware the opening of the game is the toughest part on your machine). The DLC is even worse, the mini-campaigns take about an hour each if you just go through the main story, or if you want to waste time you can do some filler collectable quests (which offer no reward) and their supposed tie-in to main story is incredibly weak (although sadly some of characters you play as are more compelling than the main protagonist).Is it fun? For a short while, but ultimately it gets repetitive too quickly and lacks anything that made the 1st two DR games standout. At the end there’s nothing memorable about this game and all of its cons heavily outweigh the few good things about this game. I purchased this for $20 during the summer sale and while I enjoyed some moments the game had to offer I wouldn't recommend this game even at that price."
76561198030404344,Not Recommended,265550,16979072,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,SneakyBeat,"It's the worst entry in the series and I vastly recommend Dead Rising 2: Off The Record over it. I had some fun with it but it's worth $10 at most, maybe $15 if you're a big fan of the previous games. It doesn't help that this port is a mess to the point where I had to earn some achievements twice before they would register."
,Not Recommended,265550,17099757,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Tyler,"I have about 1.9 hours played on this game, and thats only by trying to play throught the first mission w/o any frame rate drops. If you like watching your character skip from one place to another, than I strongly recommend this game to you and if not than I suggest waisting your time and money else where. (sorry Capcom)"
76561198045232279,Recommended,265550,16986120,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,joefoxdude,"From what I have played this game is a lot of fun.  As far as the PC port goes its far better than others. (*cough* *cough* Dark Souls)  True the locked 30FPS sucks, but  for the most part its a good port.  I have played on high just fine, this game is not as bad as review's say.  (Maybe they updated it since they reviewed it.)8/10 would buy on sale again and kill zombies while wearing ladies clothing with rake made out of samurai swords."
76561198130238467,Not Recommended,265550,17001820,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,LunarAurora,Fun game but just freezing when you try to join game.
76561198050079254,Not Recommended,265550,17081167,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Sir kaksalot,"Terrible controls and the graphics are poor, very glitchy.Glad i wasted money on it."
76561197983563331,Recommended,265550,17224028,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,jb74,"I have pre-purchase this game, wich came with a lot of major bugs, I was furious and stop trying to play the game, came back a few weeks later the bugs had been corrected finally. AGAIN if you have a good rig this game is beautifull, the immersion is complete.This game is very well done it is funny non pretencious, full of little pollitical anecdotes, the charactors are lively and dynamic, the story very refine, at some point you cant put down this game, you want to play just a little bit longer and wen you are finish with the gme you want to play it again, that is how good this game is......"
76561198027683986,Recommended,265550,17009763,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,TOXER,"Awesome hack n slash game, have not had a game in ages now that has keep me at the computer for so long.Even better with a friend in coop.All the negative reviews are from people with♥♥♥♥♥♥house computers, prob using a pentium 3 lol.Runs perfectly fine and i have not upgraded my comp in years.Buy it if you are even curious about the game."
,Recommended,265550,13167627,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,elcohole,"some how the most realistic zombie survival game ive played, mostly cause some other survivors are helpful and friendly unlike day z ( mostly because theyre controlled by ai i think) still psycos there though"
76561197967557714,Recommended,265550,13178476,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Rambus,best zombie game ever
,Recommended,265550,13479086,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,nathanael bryant,"I recently played all the Dead Rising Games. I played the original when it first came out on XBOX the others were only now on my PC.This game is the weakest of the three. I did not like the open world. I did not like that I can get a gun, for free, right away that can kill all zombies. The game felt like easy mode. Also, there was no pressure... no clock to rush against. I finsihed the game with 3 days remaining.And the save anywhere feature was odd too...That being said. I do not regret the 20 hours I put into this game. The game was enjoyable."
76561198122669858,Recommended,265550,13342567,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,c0rupt3d knight,"i do not know why all the cry babies keep complaining the game keeps crashing....maybe get a better computer. the game is great, really fun...very good time killer"
,Recommended,265550,13798422,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Montee,Awesome game if you want a highly unrealistic zombie hack n slash game.
76561198110454264,Not Recommended,265550,12844019,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Hippoangel99,"ok, its fun. quite fun. except, 50 DOLLARS FOR THIS!!!!!!!! what i mean is,i like it, yet i dont like it. if you do stuff, you end up getting clothing. in the end, that completely messes it up! here are the problems:1: glitched clothing.2: i got on one day, and everything dissapears!3: you WILL get your saves out of hand, that means you have to save!4: ALMOST NO AUTOSAVE!now here is the good:1: good dialogue.2: full controller support!3:xone port! {go buy that port... just kidding}4:multiplayer [bugs]all im going to say is.. dont buy the pc port. buy the xbox one port. (just kidding again) and all of this for 50? not worth it."
76561198040834621,Recommended,265550,13753468,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,CanaryKid,It's a really good game so far. I like the different setting that your in from the previous Dead Rising's setting. New weapon combo's for more zombie killing action which is really nice.
,Recommended,265550,13743421,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,MajorBear640,"Despite all of the negative reviews this game gets, I still can have a lot of fun playing it. Then  again I have played every Dead Rising game to date and I'm a huge fan. As far as zombie games go, this is my favorite series. However, this game is not optimized very well and the 30 frame lock is not the greatest. I picked this up for 30 bucks, and it comes with all the DLC so it's pretty worth it in my opinion."
76561198004042292,Recommended,265550,13747418,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ShaDOH!,"Was hoping for a Zombies game similar to COD. This is not it. However, fun game to play, use anything around you to kill zombies. upgrade weapons and vehicles. I've enjoyed it. playing online sucks a bit as you can only communicate via COMS and not everyone uses that."
76561198006265186,Not Recommended,265550,13737062,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,romulous,"It is certainly gory, but just not as fun to play as what it looks on YouTube videos. Too many Zombies (mainly they are infinitely spawning), weapons break very quickly and can't be repaired, lots of stuttering (performance wise), wonky controls. I thought judging by the YouTube videos it was going to be like Dead Island (which I loved) except third person - apart from the Zombies, it is not really like Dead Island at all. So if that is what you are looking for, stay away."
,Recommended,265550,13738160,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,HV,Nice. I played this game when I'm emotional.
76561198018610241,Recommended,265550,13776474,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,King_0f_Balloons,"Always been a huge fan of dead rising, this is a fun game although i felt it was lacking some of the fun that dead rising two had the maps pretty bland and annoying to move around in. Even so it does not fail to entertain, nothing like plowing through literally a sea of zombies with chainsaw machete's and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥guns. I plan on doing so for countless hours 8.5/10"
76561198045426911,Recommended,265550,13770614,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,PurpleRabbit,Entertaining hack & slash
,Recommended,265550,13766780,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,LeCrank/Ak47,"If you love kill tons of zombies , it your game !"
76561197985928427,Not Recommended,265550,13696476,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,dcarock,"I can't review a game I can't play. I meet all system requirments, and can't get past the load screen. I've been a faithful customer on Steam for years, and lately all I have gotten is cr@p. Starting to rethink my association with these folks..."
76561198143646964,Not Recommended,265550,13696579,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,tHeSoUnDm@k3R,I want to know how do I get my money refunded into the steam account for the game Dead Rising 3 it does not even work.
76561198020041879,Recommended,265550,13664840,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,shadow knight,"if you have played dead rising 1,2 and of the record, and love them. then I can garantee you that you wont be disapoint at dead rising 3!its bigger map, more weapons and vehicles to combine, and lots more of zombies that you can kill!"
,Recommended,265550,13699157,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kira,It is a better version of Deadrising 2 I havent experinced any crashes and my pc is garbage
10101010010101101,Recommended,265550,12098684,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ethio,AWSHUM GAME VERY CREATIVE KILLS COOL CRAFTING SYSTEM AND REALLY GOOD GRAPHICS ISH JUST AWSHUM!
,Recommended,265550,13700806,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,One Punch Man,AWESOME GAME ITS FEELS GREAT TO KILL ZOMBIES WITH THE CRAZY WEAPONS YOU CAN MAKE
76561197982196124,Recommended,265550,16664425,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rhod,"This game is really a lot of fun!Runs very well on a recent computer no complain about that, just make sure you are above the recommended specs to enjoy the full experience, too many people tried to play this game on a potato hence the bad reviews for this game.It is clearly the best dead rising so far, the zombie density is really impressive and the content and replayability is definately here, if you want to slay thousands of zombies with hundreds of crazy weapons in an open environnement i strongly recommend it."
76561198020848159,Not Recommended,265550,16667804,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,by-tor,"Terrible lag and is unplayable for a PC. Load times are long and it seems like the Dev was extremely lazy when porting this game over from the console to PC. Can't co-op with friends. They took a good game with Dead Rising 2, and screwed it up. Thank god I bought this POS on sale."
76561198042005278,Recommended,265550,16702630,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Hey Sonny,"Don't be fooled by my play time. I've at least beat DR3 5 times on Xbox One. It's a good game and a great port. Runs very smoothly with no hitching/stuttering, just make sure you've got a powerful enough rig. Make sure to use the 60 fps cap fix.The actual game is a blast to play, however, I feel it has lost a lot of its charm compared to the original 2 Dead Rising's. The ""massive"" open world that was advertised is not so huge as one might think. The map is actually quite small. There is also tons of annoying roadblocks that get in your way, which I assume are placed to make the city feel bigger than it is. The open world is bland with almost no color, but that can be overlooked because of how fun it is.The controls in this game are far superior than the previous titles. Crazy amount of zombies on screen. The combo weapons/vehicles you can build are ridiculously fun. Survivor AI is a absolute Godsend for anyone who has played the first two. Basically, everything has been upgraded. The only thing that hasn't been upgraded is the difficulty and psychopaths/bosses. This game is way too easy on the regular story mode. I miss the challenge of the older games. I recommed that you play this game on nightmare mode if you're a Dead Rising veteran, but it's still too easy imo. Bosses and psychopaths are not as memorable or difficult compared to the original Dead Rising (best one in the franchise). That was the most disappointing aspect of this game. Also, the story is ridicuously short if you don't do any of the side missons.Even with the negatives, this game is still really fun to play. I recommend this to any zombie fan or Dead Rising veteran."
76561198020326640,Recommended,265550,16706620,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,GronkZilla,"Great game, not sure why all the bad reviews?? I think all the haterz need to ask mom & pops for an advance on allowance to trade in their '99 edition Compaq for a rig circa '08 or newer."
,Recommended,265550,16611204,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,RussFactor,"Fun weapon and vehicle crafting ideas. Great stress reliever as there are hoards of zombies to just mow through in a steam roller. The story is a bit stale and the main tasks seem to just involve you running to one map marker, where someone tells you they need you to run to another map marker clear on the other side of the city, but the gameplay is fun as you can stray away to do other non quest related things, but be careful, you are still on some sort of clock, in typical Dead Rising fashion."
76561198215074436,Not Recommended,265550,16612988,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hamurai,Very Laggy and almost impossible to fix.  I hate the 30 FPS limit but it can be easily fixed by usingGamepur.com
76561197970484440,Recommended,265550,16615854,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Colton,"Took advantage of the Steam Summer Sale and picked up DR3 for $20.  After playing online for 2 hours, I did not encounter any problems with sluggish gameplay.  The co-op missions were extremely fun and intense.  A lot of reviews are slamming this game as being laggy and unplayable.  I think they need to upgrade their computers.  My machine is no slouch, but it's hardly cutting edge (Nvidia 970, 3.8 GHz CPU, 12 Gb ram).   Overall, the game plays great.  If you haven't bought it before the Steam Summer Sale (and you have a decent graphics card, CPU and RAM) -- grab this game!"
76561198059017320,Recommended,265550,16584042,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,F A L L 3 N,"Granted, this game is failry poorly ported, I've had relatively few issues with it. The loading screens are generally no longer than 10 seconds or so (except when I start the game, where that loading screen is about 20 - 30 seconds). My FPS sits steady between 40 and 70 thanks to HyPn0o's review.HyPn0o said:""If you want to remove the 30fps enforced cap, here's how:>Go to your deadrising3 folder. Default should be (C: Program Files (x86) \ Steam \ Steam Apps \ Common \ deadrising3)>create new text file in the folder>name it ""user.ini"" (make sure you change the file type from txt to ini)>open the new text file and type in “gmpcr_unlock_frame_rate = True”>save the document>start the game>enjoy!!""All in all, it's a great game and I would definitely recommend it. That is, if you have a good rig.Here's mine:OS: Windows 7 UltimateHDD: WD Blue 1TB Hard Drive @7,200 RPM; SATA 6.0 Gb/sGPU: Nvidia GeForce GTX 750TiCPU: AMD FX - 4350 Quad Core Processor @4.2ghzRAM: 10Gb Dual Channel DDR3 (9.97 Gb useable)"
76561197974815274,Recommended,265550,16767467,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,youngxalxcapone,"I heard this game is only good on high end computers.  I have a high end computer, so it runs great.  This game is funny and fun."
76561198007311974,Recommended,265550,15992368,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,[MARS] T3rminatorKal,"Wow, the best game of all 3 hands down. All the annoying things have been changed to positive things."
,Not Recommended,265550,15992513,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,BoLT,"I know I'd love this game, if it didn't hate me so much. Just feels broken."
,Recommended,265550,15452512,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Sloshy,"This was pretty fun.   However, toward the end... It got VERY repetitive.  I was just ""blazing"" through to just complete it.  Overall, pretty good."
76561198033808991,Not Recommended,265550,12290879,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Butch-Gunnar Rödskägg,"My playtime is low and will likely never increase due to the game being as broken as it is.Don't make the same mistake as I did and think that just because your comp meets or exceeds the requirements; you'll be able to play it.It is a port, and one of the worst I've seen considering the time they spent making it.And Capcom is really slow with the patches, so if you're going to buy it I suggest you wait over a year and untill the price is knocked down a bit, since there's a good chance even a supercomputer won't be able to handle this messy mess that is so messy.My comp handles any other new game without any problems, so I was surprised when DR3 started lagging and had frequent FPS-drops, especially since there was nothing at that particular time that would logically make that happen, the game is just f'd up.I'd hella recommend that you purchase it for Xbox though, as it was intended."
,Recommended,265550,15456070,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Chin Chin,"Dumb story, awesome action. (The weapons are totes baller)"
76561198124928283,Recommended,265550,15766782,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Torracat,My most favorite game so far and I have killed about 10 thousand zombies!
76561198085984689,Recommended,265550,15783389,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Delixcroix,Biggest flaw? Way too damn easy and makes previous challenges from other dead rising games seem non existant. Its TOO EASY. You can basically make a hundred zombie kill machine out of ANY TWO THINGS at some point in the game and it really removes those situations where your batting a thousand zombies away with a houseplant or a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because you don't have the grab the nearest thing to you and fight when you can grab a Banana and a 2x4 and make a rocket launcher.That being said it is still zany fun. It just lost all meaning as a zombie game. Go in expecting Saints row 4 super hero parody not zombie parody.
76561198032030490,Recommended,265550,16565162,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Lideln,"Very funny, lots of possibilities, an immersive story to follow + numerous side missions... And lots of fun!"
,Recommended,265550,16686099,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mudokon,Great update to the dead rising series and really enjoy the open world missions and less time limit on the overall game felt like I could really have fun with the various costumes and side missions and especially leveling up and crafting.
,Recommended,265550,16691439,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,chiptharipper47,Endless Fun! way Better than DR2
,Recommended,265550,16691784,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Frosty Nipps,Had issues running this game in coop. Had a bunch of techsavvy people tell me how to fix it and nothing worked. Gave up and ran as administator and the game worked perfectly.10/10 would admin again
76561198014211578,Recommended,265550,19427511,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,UnkindledOne,"first impression (without co op so far)so far ive found this game to function fine, no performance issues, but my computer isnt a potato or a laptop.AMD FX 8350 4.0ghz (watercooled)16gb 1600mhz kingston hyper X (corsair fan/air cooler attatched)extreme 3 motherboardGTX670oc (not overclocked)the characters are laughable and the whole storyline/story seems to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥take. i dont see this as a zombie game that takes itself seriously at all. if it aimed for comedy then it hit the nail on the head.already as soon as i started the game i found myself hating every character and simple things they could have done or should have done. they didnt do. stupid thing like loud arguements didnt alert a zombie but bumping a jukebox♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a whole hoard.then stupidly people start running outside to attempt to escape the zombies 0_o thus getting them killed, one tries to stop them from running away, dies aswell. like i said laughable right?but honestly if you arent running a potato for a computer this game should run fine.its a game where u can put a buzz saw on a sledge hammer, a dil-do ina leafblower and make it into a ""massage gun"" whats not to love?(if you couldent be ♥♥♥♥ed reading my whole write up)Summary, its basically saints row of the zombie world. handles well if you arent using a♥♥♥♥♥♥computer. stupidly funny, enjoy"
,Recommended,265550,30637455,Posted: 20 March,all,kaosmash,Great game people who like endless zombie slaughter and comical game play fun all rounder.I give it a 9 out of 10
,Recommended,265550,19471271,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,RAIZO,"I've been a huge fan of the Dead Rising series ever since the first one hit the scene back in 2006 on Xbox 360 and though partaking of the zombie apocalypse has always been fun, it's never been this fun, or easy!!Seriously, it's easy...WAY EASY.  Maybe not on Nightmare Mode (which I didn't do), but on one of the normal play modes with someone else (co-op) or kickin' it solo, DR3 is vastly easier than earlier installments in the series.  Why is that, well here are some examples: saving people is no longer the main focus of the story and though you can occasionally string along a survivor or two for assistance during a mission, most of the survivors you do save are merely trapped on top of a wrecked vehicle in random locations and you only need to A) kill the zeds in the immediate vicinity to save the survivor and B) you don't need to lead them back to a safehouse; the combo weapons are crazy awesome this time around, there are lots of them and you can even make super combo weapons by combining an already crafted weapon w/ another craftable item or additional combo weapon; the leveling system is still in effect and as you increase your skillset by unlocking new moves and abilities - namely increased inventory slots and health - you'll find that this time around your means of fighting back are not only better/more powerful but you can now fall from 50ft and lose only 1 health tick/bar...er...square.Besides that above and despite the fact that the game world in DR3 is larger than both DR/DR2 combined, it's also never been easier to get around as there are many vehicles throughout the environment (and unlike in DR2, there's no need to save $1,000,000+ to buy a key to use some of them as money doesn't factor into DR3) and you can now make combo vehicles w/ added features/durability. Rollerhawg...nuff said! (ok, I can't help it: BEST VEHICLE IN A GAME EVER!!).Sure, there are some rough edges w/ graphics at times and how certain objects are rendered/processed as the game plays out, but assuming you have some NASA hardware backed by military-grade networking capabilities to run DR3 smoothly w/ high settings, you'll find your zombie killing experience quite enjoyable.  The voice acting is pretty good, there's still a lot of humor (the banana hammock w/ a gringoe stache and pigtails combo + a 'massager' makes for an amusing time) and the psycho peeps you'll face are still....well, psycho of course. The DLC stories (the untold stories) are good too, though a little redundant if you do them back to back while doing all side missions therein.If you're worried that you may not be able to play this game w/ your current PC setup, get it when it's on sale or you can always request a refund.  But if you're a Dead Rising fan, don't pass this one up!"
76561198046640590,Not Recommended,265550,19446421,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Madness☢,Too laggy
76561198048851610,Recommended,265550,19378572,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Marcus,"This game is just awesome! Even though I owned an Xbox for some time, this is my first Dead Rising game. First, I did not encounter bugs or issues during the game. Not sure if it was problematic only during the game's inital launch. The amount of content is overwhelming. Sometimes I want to do the story and other times I want to do other random stuff.I am playing this on a mid-range gaming laptop (at least this is what I consider it). It plays great. I do notice an occassional rendering issue in cutscenes, but I did not upset me to the point where I didn't like the game.The only think I do not like is the frame rate. I am not big on frame rate differences, but I can notice the frame rate is no where close to 60 FPS. I play many console and PC games. Frame rate never was a highlight for me UNLESS I play it and feel like it is not high enough.Besides the frame rate, the game is fantastic."
,Not Recommended,265550,19432961,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,bieberle4,"the controls alone make me hate this game, even on the lowest setting the camera is just going all over the damn place.i am getting very frustrated that the character never goes where i want him to, maybe it is better with a controllor but i have lost my patience with this abomination"
,Recommended,265550,19739483,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,minineo,"Juegazo divertidísimo de zombies, está claro que como el primer dead rising no hay ninguno, pero con la cantidad de zombies en pantalla y los buenos gráficos que tiene este juego merece la pena tenerlo"
76561198086866684,Not Recommended,265550,12276144,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,THExREPOxMAN,I cant play the game when I press play there is nothing but a black screen and i have to shut my pc down to exit there is nothing but black no menu or anything.
,Recommended,265550,20009718,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,(TOW) J. O'Brian,love this game. i do have to run it on low settings even with a brand new compute but it still runs and plays amazing.
76561198161099584,Recommended,265550,20051239,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lil' Calfreezy,This game runs fine on my PC and hasn't crashed once... the non-zombie bosses are pretty op but it's a fun game.
,Recommended,265550,20025607,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sir_Stranger,10/10 Good gameplay/story mode was exciting no dull moments no gameplay issues... Would crossdress again.
76561198040445146,Recommended,265550,19892172,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,kaldausorakle,"A good old zombie kill fest. Ever wanted to turn a steet sweeper into a zombie sweeping machine that creates balls of explosive zombies... well most likely not till you just read that but if you want to after you did this is the game for you. Its filled with absolutly absurd ways to kill unbelieveable amounts of zombies. Guns, melee, vehicles, or junk that is laying around. There is a story and it isnt bad but chances are you will only be getting to it becaus of the countdown clock. Which in most cases is a pain but in this game its more of a ""hey there is an actual game going on"" it isnt a quick counter though. Its gives you all the time that you need/want to complete side quests, hunt for collectables do challenges or do what I did a lot of which is kill tens of thousands of zombies in creative and awesome ways. Its a great game to blow off steam after a frustrating day or a way to just have some wacky fun. No matter your mood this game can fit...Happy Hunting"
,Recommended,265550,19925144,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,♡Onyx♡,"it's the best out of the ones in the series I've played so far, I haven't had any problems when it came to coop. No frame rate drops not latency issues, all in all a good buy."
,Recommended,265550,14818450,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,XxKingBilliyxX,Really Fun But Plz Add on Apple Computers
,Recommended,265550,20126022,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,fatherpapadaddy,"ive seen reveiws saying that it crashes a lot but for me it never did. The load times are a little long, I think you just need a good computer to run the game. But it is a great game and you should play it."
76561198101196923,Recommended,265550,20115153,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sauce Cunt,"This game is extremely fun especially because of the sheer amount of weapons that are in it and all the combos you can make with them. The only complaint I have about this game is the amount of times its crashes. For me it crashes so frequently and sometimes makes the game unplayable sometimes. There are many ways to fix this though so for some people it may never really be a problem. But if you have no idea how to fix this problem then dont get this game but if you can deal with the crashes then get this game, it is completely worth it."
,Recommended,265550,20115656,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,NOOB-NOOB!,"As far as a dead rising game, this isnt the best...but it is. Still glitchy and causes random crashes, at least when I play. Id give it a 3.5/5. Lots to explore!"
,Not Recommended,265550,20104102,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,puddinsfriend,Keep in mind that this game is locked at 30 fps. I would not reccomend it until capcom decides to fix this.
76561198049108457,Not Recommended,265550,20462444,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Joeyasaurus,"Not that great. Was fun for some parts and some of the people you fight were funny, but way too easy. Vehicles blow up in about a minute or two and in an open world game that puts the next checkpoints at the other side of the map it wasn't fun to travel. Story was the only thing that keeps you going."
,Recommended,265550,20474136,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,BNICE2ANIMAL,This game is fun like heck.
,Recommended,265550,18424166,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,King Wiley,"Short version:Very good open world zombie hack n' slash, brings together all the best features of the previous games without following their shortcomings. 9.5/10, Buy this game.Long version:Dead Rising 3 is a prime example of how game developers should make follow-up titles. All too often you see a direct sequel improve on the second, followed by a game that only barely changes the formula, sometimes ending in an endless regurgitation of the source game in various forms (Call of Duty, Battlefield, Halo, Borderlands, Resident Evil?). So far, Capcom has avoided doing this to the Dead Rising franchise. This game improves on Dead Rising 2 in a multitude of areas, and is definitely my favorite Dead Rising game.Level Design in DR3 is improved by merging all the game's areas into one giant GTA-size map. This is a brilliant move, and eliminates loading screens (minus the ones for cutscenes) during gameplay, which improves on the immersion. The vehicles are much more varied, and are extremely useful in a map this size. The only downside to this is that many areas are unavoidably locked until a specific time in the storyline, although many things can still be discovered at any time.Vehicles are much more varied, and are practically essential on a map this large, making them even more fun. Add to that new vehicle combinations, and you immediately get a game that definitely sets itself apart from GTA ripoffs. The way zombies realistically cling to and bounce off the vehicles is also awesome.There are tons of combo weapons in the game, significantly more than the other two games. Unfortunately, you have to find and unlock every blueprint before you can craft the item; however, it really won't matter in the end because you only have to pick them up once (even online games count), and it is genuinely fun finding the blueprints. There is also a new skill that allows you to improve your crafting, which, once maxed, makes using desired combo weapons a breeze.The skills menu is a new addition, with the previous games choosing which skills you acquired at every level (why didn't they think of this before?). This is a huge improvement, and allows a truly custom character during the first few playthroughs. Unfortunately(?), over time all players can just max out their characters on all skills.Speaking of menus, this game has all the menus you would expect from a modern PC game. Unlike the previous titles, you have full control of graphical detail, voice communication, controls, etc. You might think this is an unspoken rule, but often ported games like this fall for this oversight.Capcom brilliantly decided to split the game into two main game modes: Story and Hardcore.Story is more relaxing, with no (visible) counting timer, and more time to complete all the side quests. I was able to easily get all sidequests and still have time to explore in story mode on my first playthrough. Additionally, you can save at any time (minus a few spots) by pausing the game. Auto-save is also enabled on this mode.Hardcore is the difficulty anyone who played previous Dead Rising titles will remember. Tougher enemies, less player health, and the game is only saved when the player visits a bathroom or porta-potty. Players have less time than story mode, although plenty of time to simply rush the storyline. Additionally, due to the new skill system, once a player is fully maxed, even hardcore mode will not present much of a challenge.Capcom really nailed it on this one, addressing every complaint I had with the previous title (on steam). The graphics are awesome, and I personally had no problem with performance on two separate computers. There are brief moments when the game will hiccup or crash, but no more than your average PC game (especially a port like this). I would definitely recommend this game as a purchase, especially if you can snag it during a sale like I did.My only complaints:The lead developer decided it was a good idea to make the DLC singleplayer only. The ENTIRE game is co-op, except for the DLC. I watched an interview where he was asked why, and responded with something about ""enhancing the story experience"". Honestly I view this as a lazy mistake, with co-op either being overseen, or simply dropped due to the difficulty. In my opinion, this game is much more fun with co-op, making the DLC relatively dull (also no outfits/clothing in the DLC, to 'enhance the experience'?). And who REALLY plays Dead Rising game for the story? I feel like the DLC was slapped on unfinished, when it could have been a legitimate addition to the rest of this gem.Also,The online co-op can sometimes have lots of issues between some players. Some online matches I play fine for hours, and others I crash out or disconnect every few minutes (keep in mind this is with people I am skyping just fine, so not internet issues)."
,Recommended,265550,13026440,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Zagcizes,"Great Open World Zombie Apocalypse survival game with CO-OP! Campaign Decent but basic story, so many zombies to kill with a various range of deadly weapons to slaughter them. Has game plus 4 DLC's for only $49:99 USD so its worth it but PC port has its problems with performance issues with Frame rate and general running of the game but, thats mostly if you recording or something. Overall very fun zombie killing mayhem with entertaining comical ways to do so.9/10If you want to watch a Let's Play! you can watch it herehttps://youtu.be/mD-hi-DifssOR If you want to watch Gameplay! you can watch it herehttps://youtu.be/9DuYeAzpbp0"
76561198149988082,Recommended,265550,17854322,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Tombomb2016,"its a ok game fun to kill zombies but not as fun as dead rising 2, and its locked at 30fps,"
76561198188110767,Not Recommended,265550,17670833,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Spoken_Truth,this game sucks like i cant even play the first chapter of the game like it lags so bad and i have my settings to low but it still lags so this is just a waste of money
76561198125996953,Not Recommended,265550,17800977,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,raven4096,it's a 30 fps playing peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥not worth buying save your money
76561198070063623,Recommended,265550,12080953,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Aha Suh Dude,"Game is great. Highly recommond 2gb dedicated graphics to play this. If you don't have it, don't try it."
,Recommended,265550,17765585,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ArCTiC EMPiRE,awesome game MUST HAVE and is funny with multiplayer with friends and entertaining. WARNING this game might make people sick or feel uncomfortable if you dont like looking at blood.. besides its very Hillarius MUST HAVE...
,Recommended,265550,16692919,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,powerfist4,deadrising is a good game with fun combo wepons and physco boss battles. I would like it more if the story was bigger and you dident have time limits with the nuke and side missions. over all its a fun game and the satasfaction you get when you find a new blueprint or put a bullet through a zombies head makes the game a hole lote better.
,Recommended,265550,16445010,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TribbleTroublez,Great game!
76561198019381158,Recommended,265550,16447570,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,BoxerBlake,"It's fun, fun, fun 'till the Zombie takes your T-Bird away. Then you build a bigger, better vehicle and run that jerk over.There is a fix to turn the FPS limit off, and it works nicely."
76561197963425817,Recommended,265550,16655191,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,subzero1111,i didn't have problems people are talking about Geforce gtx 580 i7 4790k 16 gb ram
,Not Recommended,265550,16662136,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Zerim,"Capped FPS, laggy aiming, terrible experience overall."
,Recommended,265550,17923171,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,GDuff N Stuff,"Loved it!Never crashed, no glitches, and the controls were just as clunky as the previous installations.However, my only complaint with the game was how easy most of the Psychopaths were. That being said, I felt that the game as a whole was much easier. I never felt rushed to finish the side missions (later in the game, due to previous experiences with the earlier titles).I felt that the tone was consistent, but the atmosphere was off. I mainly attribute it the setting. The previous games were set in mostly confined, dense areas, while this game is very expansive with pockets of dense content.All in all, I recommend this game for fans of Dead Rising who enjoy the story first and the gameplay second. It was a great continuation and hopefully not the last."
76561198027298307,Recommended,265550,17921898,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Gwave Lowd,Actually not that bad once you fix the framerate and♥♥♥♥♥♥Go here:http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Dead_Rising_3I'd also recomend Flawless Widescreen.10/10 Would jerk it again
76561197994494406,Recommended,265550,17922474,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Datbolvan,"Good zombie game, REALLY fun, and great graphics!! If you have a high-end enough system, you're going to LOVE seeing 200 zombies all on the screen, all at once!!!!!  lol.  I recommend it.  It's fun."
,Recommended,265550,16488369,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Blue,"I thought i would hate this game I mean yeah its better once you force it to 60 fps there are a few bugs here and there but so far I am enjoying it, The game is fun with a buddy so bring a friend along. (edit) I personally feel its best to get this game when it is on sale."
,Recommended,265550,16631488,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Dr.Twinkletits,its Tony the Tigers catchphrase.
,Recommended,265550,16642309,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jaybot31k,"It certainly has its issues, but this is every bit the zombie horde slaughtering fun I was hoping for."
,Recommended,265550,13716548,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,☢| DogNess,It runs great. I guess Capcom did fix the crashes.
76561198075371767,Recommended,265550,13705990,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,jdmay21,"I'm writing this review for the PC Gamer who has a mid-level rig and who is debating on buying this game. First, the game is fun as hell, there is plenty of side quests and collectibles to keep you wanting exploring every corner of the city. Second, there are some graphical/bug issues with the game. I've had a few items pop in and out of the environment on occasion - it is not always noticable and doesn't take away from the game too much. Earlier today I had trouble booting/loading the game until I reset my pc and then it booted just fine. The only lag that I've noticed that took away from the gaming experience was when i tried to play on high settings, the lag went away when I bumped them down to medium settings (medium settings seem to be the sweet spot for my pc, game still looks good on these settings). I rarely buy games for more than $20, but I'm happy with my buy of $30. The game looks good and plays well enough that I don't feel the need to mess with the FPS or upgrade any of my equipment. My specs are as folllows:Windows 7 64-BitIntel I5 3450 @ 3.10 GHzGeForce GTX 6606 GB Ram**After discovering how easy it was to change the FPS, I decided to try it out and was impressed with the results. I decided to keep the settings on medium and the game runs great at 60 FPS.***"
,Recommended,265550,14150498,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,jwtjason,"I Have Fun With this game for hours and would  recommend geting it.  Some people talked about it crashing alot , i hadn't had any problems . I played other dead rising games and this is the best so far. I would though recommend that you make sure your  PC can handle this game . Well worth the money for hours of game play."
76561198128950336,Recommended,265550,14133968,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,ShrubLord,"Haven't had the game crash on me.It's a fun game, improved on sooo much."
76561198010938140,Recommended,265550,13431307,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Rockbuddy9,"Well toning down the amount of sillyness of the original 2 games (which only the 2nd DR and this DR is accesible to PC); this game still has its moments. Tons of zombies, to slay, tons of PP to earn. He he, pp. Pee pee. Urine. your out. Pee joke.yellow. green. triangle. Illuminati?"
76561198022299096,Recommended,265550,13436297,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,sirxavior,"Amazing game, though it tends to lag at times."
76561198129898255,Recommended,265550,13580139,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,KixSnaps,"Dead rising is an unbelievable game. I love it, Great story, good controls and great graphics, and plenty of hilarious moments that make me laugh. not all games could do that for me. Now DR3 doES have its cons. i had to go into a the dead rising 3 folder and make a folder and text document so the fps could go more than 30. but once i got that done, GREAT GAME, definatley worth the money! its on sale now so its even better."
,Recommended,265550,16480527,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DarkSim,<3
76561198006361376,Not Recommended,265550,16484297,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Early,"Game is fun. and didn't run into any issues for the first 5 chapters of the game, but once the game crashed it just went downhill from there. All of sudden. I could not talk to any other survivors so I had to restart the chapter.. Now 30mins into the reset, I save and call it a day. Come back the next day to finish up, and now I can't make any turns with any vehicles.If you buy this game make sure to complete it in just one day, if you're playing for the campaign. Otherwise expect bugs to hit out of nowhere."
76561198163148477,Recommended,265550,16491787,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MassSpecFella,"The game is so much better at 60 fps. If you find that creating your own ini file does not work, find an ini file from another game and just edit it. That works. Turning the LoD down will reduce crashes without affecting your game much. Really fun game.Edit: This is some of the most fun Ive had with gaming in a while. They took away the timer in easy mode so you can just have fun. All the weapons and outfits are available in the safehouse. It has a plot. It has RPG elements. This game has it all!"
76561198043517502,Recommended,265550,16546007,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Johnny2Times,best zombie game i played.. i like hordes of zombie
76561198061238668,Recommended,265550,16461369,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Hanzo Main,Don't Listen to the bad reviews if you like the dead rising series in general you're going to like this game the co-op makes it even more fun but its still good as a single player experience. So buy it now while its worth the 20$
76561198046578599,Not Recommended,265550,16461828,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,bangthewhitegirl,"Steam, it's time we have a talk about....thiiiiissss. We need to actually test our ports before releasing them because this is far from the first time this has happened and far from the last! This game is seriously unplayable as far as crashes go and this is getting outrageous, you can't even get past the load screen!"
,Not Recommended,265550,16462471,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,PALADIN,i cant get this game to load. it always make my computer lag tons and never works. DR2 loaded up fine and was able to play great i got 60fps on that as well as all my other steam games but this? wont do crud
,Recommended,265550,16463100,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Stroutocalypse,"I honestly dont understand what everyone is complaining about, optimization is good and the game runs okay on my PC and its nothing super fancy. A good gaming rig for sure but nothing too serious. I can run it on medium graphics with a little lag or on Low with no lag at all. Its a great game! Controls feel good and super satisfying combat. They even have a story thats pretty decent so far, which is new for the Dead Rising series. Worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,265550,12403486,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Fox McCloud,"since the game got some patchs, its more playable on my part anyway. the game is fun for hours of zombie killing, but its too short to be worth a 49.99$ price tag. but if your a dead rising fan like i am you will enjoy it alot, but the dlc would bring alot more to the table and then ill say its the best in the series.worth the buy if its on sale, or 20$ thats not bad."
,Recommended,265550,12385425,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,SULL3N,"This simulation is a lot of fun and I enjoyed it more then the last two games. For those of you with crashing issues, all I can really say is learn how to computer better. STOP PLAYING THIS GAME ON YOUR GRANDPAPPIES GATEWAY! I have been playing this game since the 1st day it came out flawlessly. It does require an excellent computing machine, especially if you enable all the eyecandy on it. Overall, I beat the game in about 10 hours, but there is more side missions and objectives to do after the game has ended. Lots of fun, lots of weapons, lots of deadly rides, and an endless army of the dead to obliterate. Its a fun zombie smasher that doesn't take itself seriously, bro."
76561198095500113,Recommended,265550,12387925,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Kaamosz,"Bugged as he*ll and has some performance issues, but I still found it quite enjoyable. If you want a game that let's you slaughter massive hordes of zombies with some of the most ridiculous weapons imagineable, then this the game for you. The story and the characters you meet in this game are boring and uninspired, but as a open-world zombie slaughter game, this is as fun as it gets (especially in co-op). Overall I would rate this game 6.5 / 10"
,Recommended,265550,12440925,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,AZSPANKY,"Dead Rising 3 is one of my favorite Apocalypse Video games! I love the graphics for this game, there is so much you can do! I honestly would reccommend this game to gamers who love chopping zombies!!"
,Recommended,265550,12444997,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,気持ち,So nice!
76561198030617453,Recommended,265550,12447600,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,i love chicks with dicks,people say that they can not run this game well i can and i can perfectly with ultra high graphics no freezing or pausing during gameplay this is so far the best dead rising game i also liked the first dead rising shame they made it xbox only i hope they make it pc and if you do get this game you should check your computer stats to see if you can play it i have 16gb ram ssd drive radon r9 290x graphics i7 with 3.5ghz turbo i really do recomend this game but please check if you can run it first it does require a bit to run
76561198071928102,Not Recommended,265550,12448076,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,tommygun10,this game gust pops up then crashes for me
76561198119537073,Recommended,265550,12455804,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ATLAS,"i hear all this tak about the game crashing ,but i haven't had that problem. I love this game it's fun and a good time killer. The only con about this game is the frame cap."
,Recommended,265550,12186263,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Gustav V,"Very good, a game that is very funny to play with your friends."
,Recommended,265550,12187023,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,SHEER HEART ATTACK,"Welcome to Steelpo... err, Los Perdidos. ♥♥♥♥ing addictive, it is a Saint Row of zobmie-survival. Try on your own risk, too much idiotically-awesome action here.8 purple ♥♥♥♥♥♥ out of 12"
,Recommended,265550,12190669,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,TerrorSquid,"***I'm playing with a GTX 780 & i5-2500k Sandy and have NO PROBLEMS PLAYING***One of the funnest Zombie games I've ever played. You can beat this game quickly if you're just in it for he story or you can take your time and enjoy yourself (For the first time in Dead Rising!)The gameplay is great and the controls are flawless. I'm using an Nvidia Shield controller to play it on my PC. I definitely reccomend a controller to play, but it's not nessesary.This game is badass and isn't afraid to take itself seriously, despite the plethora of rediculous weapons and Psycho battles.Final thought, I just have to say that I appreciate the realistic character designs. This game's got characters with real body types. Most games these days portray everyone as if they worked out everyday and only ate healthy. XD Just nice to see some variation."
76561197960429956,Recommended,265550,12191052,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Naruzio,"I am sure the game is fun, but i bought it for COOP and it still does not work.  Is a horrible port and Capcom doesnt give 2 sh!t about this game.  I would say this game is belong to an EA release."
76561198142415555,Not Recommended,265550,12137129,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,hippiesman,still no update on the boot crash. havent been able to play since i bought it. its like i paid for a DR3 wallpaper instead of the whole actual game itself.
76561197982028450,Recommended,265550,12015285,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,BlacksmithDK,"This is my first dead rising game i have played and it run's like a knife through hot butter on my system.I understand that many people have issues running this game, but my experince has been positive.The only problem ive had this far is texture problems, not the prettiest i've seen and a bit buggy.Specs:i5 4670k270X hawk"
,Not Recommended,265550,12025109,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Philly Billips,"Have had the game for 2 days, haven't gotten it to load. Swerve."
76561197996083947,Not Recommended,265550,12006872,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Ragnar,"cant even launch properly, this game is awful"
76561198002516741,Recommended,265550,12026207,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Anziel,"So far its the crashes that are preventing me from even enjoying the game, but what i have played has been fun so far."
76561197978022877,Recommended,265550,11998313,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,SirSpliffAlot,"Hello !  ^^Instead of looking for a solution.....Mimimimimimimi game is not working! ^^Just awesome how people can rage and cry! :DMaybe downgraded graphic card driver? or check for other solution?Awww no i just cry 1st, maybe that would help! Just splendid! ;DHello, i have no problems with playing.It's run well for me.AMD 4ghz 8core, 750 gtx Ti, 16gb RAM Win 7 64bit.Everything on max, even unlocked fps to 60.That might work for some other GTX 780 user!Use a older graphic card driver!My friend crashed at the beginning too with a 780 gtx,so what he did was he down graded his graphic card driver.After that he had no crashes anymore and we played without crashes.I don't know wich driver it was, but he said to next older driver for the graphic card.Try this out instead off raging and crying! ^^Get a tissue and dry your tears! ^^Muahahahahaha  :DGood luck and enjoy the game!;)"
,Recommended,265550,12026550,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Yaza,"This game is freaking amazing. Everything about besides... ITS KEEPS CRASHING! I love this seriers. One of the best zombie killing games but, because its been ported to the PC from xbox one it keeps crashing. They need to fix this. Its rediculous!"
76561198023314133,Not Recommended,265550,12027238,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Fitch,This game would be enjoyable if it wasn't for the fact it is broken in every possible way. Do NOT buy this game on steam/PC. Steam should know better and capcom can suck my chode. Save your money.
76561198097277162,Not Recommended,265550,12280135,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Manguy2234ツ,Not for laptops
76561198010547760,Recommended,265550,12099456,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,tertius2347,OK.  It works now.  About time.  Thank you for fixing it.
,Not Recommended,265550,12037538,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Gogin,"Absolutely broken port. Co-op is almost impossible; and works maybe 1/10 times. The game itself is choppy; and performs poorly, the graphics aren't even a smidge better then the Xbox One's. All around, until this game is fixed I can't see recommending this game to anyone."
76561198019267935,Not Recommended,265550,12037546,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,The Majestic Waffle,"So, Where do I start?This game has MANY issues, but putting those asside assuming that they will fix them, this game can be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun when you play with friends. IF you can actually get friends into the game... But, until they fix thier♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would not recomend this game."
,Recommended,265550,12037570,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,ShmeeTimes3,once you get used to the 30fps its fun. easy to lvl.game seems to need more resources the longer i play but it still hasnt crashed after 4-5 hours of gameplay.... weird thing is i only get about 15-20 fps in cutscenes after watching about 5 to 10 cutscenes at 30fps. needs updates but it works for me so im not complaining. the 60fps thing dosent work for me it just kills performance and stays at 30 at all settings no matter what i do. so it would be nice if they do either a game update or fix the fps cap with a nvidia driver update. oh and i never had to rollback my driver to play. from what ive read some people are having problems with crashing and whatnot. game works for shmee!!
76561198082971847,Recommended,265550,12037824,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Nimunax,FUN AND SPOILERS FOR MOVIES IN WEAPON's xD
76561197995253071,Recommended,265550,12038579,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,cowpuncher,Pretty fun game. Awful story but then again nothing can compare to the first. Coop makes for some enjoyable massacres and there are some enjoyable weapons. Only other problem I have with it stems from the draw distance on some of the items just sort of clicking in.
76561197981317643,Recommended,265550,12038872,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,WhiskeyDiablo,Alot of fun but i can't play this game for more than 10 or 20 minutes without it crashing to desktop I'm very let down by the Dev's because of this.
76561198008369474,Not Recommended,265550,12152378,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Ty,Beyond painful trying to get this game to work and I still cant even make it to the main menu
76561198088936135,Recommended,265550,12069230,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Deynaz,"Don't get me wrong, I love the game when I played it on the Xbox 1, and was really looking forward to it on my PC. I even pre bought it, which I'd never done before. To put it bluntly, it doesn't work. I crash every time on the loading screen. Having been looking forward to playing the game and having paid $50 for it, I was very disappointed. But I thought to myself, ""Hey, they'll probably patch it soon and make it playable."" It's been about a week since I first tried to launch it, and it hasn't gotten any better. I rolled back my graphics card to no avail, and I desperately searched for another way, trying everything I could. Perhaps it's my fault for trying to play it on a laptop, but this laptop is a fantastic machine that can run anything I've tried playing on it. I read somewhere that the game was not made to work on a laptop, but that was not made apparent to me before I shelled out the money for it. I still cling to the hope that the game will be fixed, but if it doesn't happen soon, I would love an oppertunity to get my money back.Thanks for trying, Capcom, I really would love to play this game. Please make that possible.EDIT:Thank you, Capcom!!! I can finally play this game thanks to the Nvidia patch! I can now safely say this game works, and I do fully recommend and endorse it."
76561198069988667,Not Recommended,265550,12156101,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,HumbleSquare,"The game seems amazing, but on most computer cannot be played. They apperently spent little time on this pc version because there are so many bugs and you haven't even clicked play yet. Black screens, error messages, resolution issues, and the list goes on. If you want to but this game wait until the devolopers come out with a patch."
76561198125802622,Not Recommended,265550,12156182,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,TheNextMadKing,this game has major frame rate issues my computer has 15 gigs of ram and i5 processor and it still lags to♥♥♥♥♥♥on top of that if you use a controller it doesnt work on the menues
,Recommended,265550,12177213,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,LakuPope,"Despite being a shoddy port, 30-60fps on my GTX 770 - i7-4770k, Dead Rising 3 is still an enjoyable zombie hack 'n slash."
76561198153812251,Recommended,265550,12396419,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Akeno Himejima,awesome i love this game!!!!!!
,Recommended,265550,12063618,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,BassHead91,"Everythings been fixed. Great stuff, no lag or chashes no complaints. Played 32 hours taking a break, will start playing again soon."
,Recommended,265550,12400885,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,MokoMaka,Its pretty good i recomend u to have good pc cuz the game in bad optimiced on pc if the game goes on sale go buy it its pretty good and u have the untold storyes too that comes whit the game .
76561198058161454,Recommended,265550,12405430,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,chaotich1pp0,Still lags a bit still but after patch 3 it makes me give a thumbs up.  (If it can't run download the graphics card thats given in patch 3)
76561198023006832,Recommended,265550,12007526,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,WoZzA,mate awsome 15/10
76561197996000331,Recommended,265550,12075500,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Bahamute,Why all the hate? Great game and no crashes for me.....yet! I would recommend for sure it's Dead good! Be sure to meet system requirements as it is power hungry and it's pretty looking too on max settings. Loads of fun to be had with this one especially co-op ;)
,Recommended,265550,12076185,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,potato namrog84,"I really enjoyed this installment of Dead Rising 3.  The combo items was done really well this game, I think its my favorite of the 3 dead risings so far"
76561197993627463,Recommended,265550,12076383,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,jiretox,Lo Maximo.
76561198058077735,Recommended,265550,12076427,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,MashPoTaTo,"Played for 4 hours straight, no issue what so ever.maybe im lucky but before i buy the game people where complaining about the game crashing. this is game is amazing, its so fun and addicted. add me guys if you want to play."
76561198111534349,Recommended,265550,12080192,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,FAtMaSt3R 123,wont even let me get to the game its stuck on dead rising 3 plz help
,Not Recommended,265550,12065462,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Phouka,"The game play itself seems super fun. No question. If it runs well for you and you like this type of game, you'll enjoy it.That said, I have a mid-range computer (I certainly play other FPS without any trouble!) and even on a significantly reduced resolution with graphic options turned way down ... this game just turns into a slide show at times. Absolutely unplayable.It's games like this that make me wish Steam offered refunds.Recommendation: Try the demo first (if they have one - I should have checked and didn't); if it runs nice and fast you're probably good to go. If not - stay far, far away."
,Recommended,265550,12065509,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,slav,"if you liked the earlier dead rising games you'll probably like thisif you never played them, you'll probably like it if you enjoy zombies/open worlds/violencejust know you'll need a somewhat girthy computer to run it smoothly, it still stutters even with my moderately high end pcit's really fun 8/10"
,Recommended,265550,12220365,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Crowley,Kill lots of zombies
76561198002869757,Not Recommended,265550,12220839,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Gritty,"Game is fun but the support is horrible.   Ever since launch I was not able to play this game unless I made a fake image of my F drive to C drive.  I thought, ok well it's release so I'll give it some time.  I leave to go play another game for a month and come back to it still be broken.  If a month goes by and they still don't fix important factors such as this, I don't support this game or company at all."
76561198045439103,Recommended,265550,11994874,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Cody,"not sure what all the hate is for, runs fine on my setup. think its a pretty fun game  8.5/10"
76561198153079000,Recommended,265550,11995286,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,mertatesmertates,i installed game but i cant play .  i really sad.  if i open game and opens dowlonading page and game stopiing . please help
,Not Recommended,265550,11990533,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Tanbuster,"My only problem is frames drop below 30 FPSCrashes way too much at the most horrible times. Nightmare mode cannot be played with how many crashes there are.However,This game is extremely funThere is alot to doFreeroam with some limitationsNO LOADING SCREENS (Besides getting into the game)Co-opYou cant enjoy alot of things because of the crashing.Capcom, please fix this."
,Recommended,265550,12016736,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,avidlinuxuser,"Fun. Some performance issues aside (cutscenes have minor frame rate drops on my computer), the game is nothing short of greatness. Image Quality is beautiful as well.Edit:SpecsCore i5 2500k @ 3.6 Ghz16 GB RamGeForce 670 2GBFramerate averages never drops from 30fps in Gameplay with all settings to High. Internal resolution = 1080P, AA = SMAA, DoF Off, Motion Blur OFF, AFX16. Lowest framerate is during cutscenes where it occasionally drops down to 24FPS."
76561197981797205,Recommended,265550,12016999,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Truff,I don't know what all the issues people are having wit this game.  I loaded it up the first time and it was little rough with some screen tearing however after I activated the vsync it works perfect.  I'm guessing most of these people tried to unlock the fps which the game doesn't really need.  It would be nice to have a few more options to enhance the graphics but overall I like the game.
,Recommended,265550,11993009,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,P00nSlayer101,"Experience the intensity as you wait for the game to go to the main menu, only to get a ""Deadrising 3 has stopped working"" message.Feel your heart stop as the game runs on 30 fps and looks horrible.Enjoy the zombie killing experience that decides to work only when it feels like it.Watch the cutscenes that take forever to load, feel surprised once they do.♥♥♥♥ you capcom."
,Recommended,265550,12703228,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,awesome bill from dawsonville,"What I've got: i5-3570K (OC'd) @ 4.4 GHz, 16 GB RAM, GTX 660 Ti, Windows 7 64-bit SP 1So, not a top of the line rig by any means. WIth that said, I haven't had a single problem playing this so far. The optimization is definitely sh!t, but I can't ignore how fun it is to mow through huge crowds of zombies on a flame-throwing steamroller motorcycle. Recommended with reservations."
,Not Recommended,265550,12495015,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,TrIgGeR hApPy ChApPy,still crashing on startup trying to reinstall again
76561198151567907,Not Recommended,265550,13205589,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,MrBlazor,I can barley play.> Major Bug Issues>Crazy Lag>Constant Crashing
,Recommended,265550,13457444,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Lost In The Minddd,As my second game ever bought i am totally unsatisfied and quite angered that i waisted 30.00 dollars on a game that wont even go to the loading schreen i hope any oneesle who bought ths game actualt got to enjoy it. :(
,Recommended,265550,11993793,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,JohnnyRamoneBR,"Unplayble...EDITWell, after several days, it's finally playable. It's very fun, has a lot of thing to do, an enormous variety of weapons and much more. I really recomend this game!"
76561198105074820,Recommended,265550,13825586,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Plebster McFlebster,"Now, I WOULD give this game a thumbs down for taking 3 days to download, but I'm not. I have a pretty high-end PC and I can run this thing on med-high graphics with no lagging. For a not-so-beefy computer, set it to low. This game is fantastic and has to be the best one out of the series by far in my opinion. I love Nick and all of the new ""psycho"" bosses, I love the atmosphere, and I absolutely LOVE the new combo weapons and combo vehicles. As you can see, I've played this for 7.4 hours, yes. I did not complete it yet, but I love the game so much that I needed to write a review before it's done. I totally recommend this to a friend. Actually, one wants it in their wishlist. Lol, they can pay the 50 bucks. I got mine on sale."
76561198109276494,Recommended,265550,13831936,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,bulletman19,Amazing Game one of the best games ever.It should be on playstation
76561197997134945,Recommended,265550,13835199,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Jarxberg,"If you liked the previous Dead Rising games, you'll probably like this one. It's more of the same. Vehicles play a bigger part than before and you will need them to get around the map. The normal difficulty story felt a bit too easy, so if you want a challenge you may want to try the hardened mode which makes the enemies tougher, shortens the timeline and adds some restrictions to saving the game progress.+ Fun+ Chaotic- Forgettable story and characters- Not really a challenge"
,Recommended,265550,15151604,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,BobTheBacon,It's not on Xbox One.10/10
76561198069676215,Recommended,265550,11995143,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,MrRodgers,its all ok now.
76561198179807351,Not Recommended,265550,15165860,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Unmonitize,i wish there were refunds on steam because this game is so laggy its like capcom put little to no effort on making this game
76561198097625775,Recommended,265550,15327510,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,<jupiter>,"it's a good game but the controls are weird with a keyboard.  if you hook up n xbox controller, best game of 2014 (besides destiny)"
76561198019028474,Recommended,265550,14966939,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ThatOldGamer,"This is my first review on here and was saving it for something well deserved. I was a little hesitant on getting this because of all the negative comments on here on functionality and playability of the game but I went ahead anyway. This game runs so smooth on my computer and am glad I got this. The story line sucks you in and there are so many zombies on the screen at the same time! They keep on coming and are relentless but slow and dumb usually. Get this while it's on sale!My system has  the following:16 gigs of Ram, Intel core i5 3470 cpu 3.2 ghz processor. AMD Radeon 7700 1 Gig DDR5 video card.I'm not sure of what the specs are for people having trouble but make sure to at least have minimum requirements before trying. I had a few games I thought I'd have issues with but had Recommended System requirements and things run fine."
76561198059812900,Not Recommended,265550,14968699,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Armor Piercing,the downlode is crupet
,Recommended,265550,15104340,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,a1234jehad,Soso 7.8/10
,Recommended,265550,15178194,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,HayleeWhite6,"I reccomend this game, but i cant play it because its very laggy to where i can't play it. Any suggestions?"
,Not Recommended,265550,15180693,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Himmuguegeli,"This review was written quite a time after it´s release. It uses great well working ideas, but it´s bugged as hell, with a very bad performance on a high end rig. And it´s coop is not even working for me in LAN. It simply just crashes and the dev´s won´t give any further patches. This game is practically dead and can be called a quick money grab for legit reasons. Don´t waste money on it. If you like it´s Singeplayer and playing do not care about 15-30 FPS buy it when it´s on sale. Otherwise stay away of that title."
76561198053057651,Recommended,265550,15135799,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,OGSnowBuffles,One of the only games where I can be truly fully emersed in the experience and really wan to go ahead with the story. Highly reccomend
76561198027749704,Recommended,265550,15302174,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,RT Final,"Glad I waited for the PC version.  Looks beautiful, and is a great addition to the series.  The zombie killing by vehicles is additive and fun.  Nice to have all the DLC in one package.  Great way to tie up the story too.  Highly recommend for Dead Rising and zombie slaying fans!"
,Recommended,265550,16464276,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sailor Rick,"amazing game, runs awesome."
,Recommended,265550,16474683,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Static Horror,"This game is amazing, I have played it for a couple of hours now, I haven't found any issues what other people have been complaining about, this game truly feels like a Dead Rising game in my opinion however the only complaint about it that I would say is that money no longer plays a part in it to get already made custom weapons and there is no more benches, simply because you can make things now on the go!However the argument for this is that the two previous Dead Rising characters did not have the knowledge of mechanics in the story... okay Sure Chuck was a Motor sport dare devil but other than bikes there was no other mechanics involved in his story.I'm playing this on Keyboard and Mouse and I will admit sometimes its a little bit of a pain e.g. ""Hold ""Q"" to ground attack"" , however after about ten minutes of playing you get used to this.And my computer is not what you would cool super spec, so before any of you start questioning my build here it is:Intel i5 - 4670k at stock frequencyGPU - AMD R9 280RAM 8GBAlso I'm playing the game at whatever framerate the game gives me  and other than I have put the game at 1080p and turned V-Sync on, there has been no modification to the game or its files, such as the ""Unlock Frames cap"".  And I'm still finding it perfectly fine to play on.Oh and last thing to mention is... No I'm no die hard DeadRising fan... that is trying to defend it with all my might I'm just telling you all my experience.So would I recommend it?? Yes actually, but probably NOT at £40!!!"
76561198116617627,Recommended,265550,14804344,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Duranakin,"I was in two minds about recommending it since there are so many having problems with it. But it hasn't so much as stuttered. My processor is an 8350 and my graphics card is a radeon 290x. It works perfectly for me, and who doesn't like being immasculated by a woMAN bodybuilder? Or an obese lunatic on a scooter who stabs people with wooden spoons?"
,Not Recommended,265550,15043973,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Binary Daoist,I have a good setup so the game looked pretty.I thought the game was going well until the biker gang confrontation; then I remembered things I hated about Dead Rising...For such frustating sequences to come so early in the game I'm just going to save myself the aggravation and stop early.
,Recommended,265550,15034318,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,AirRevenant,"I've played all of the Dead Rising games and this one by far has quickly become my favorite.Everyone stop your complaining:Endless hordes of slow zombies - My favorite.Huge open world city with very few load points for occasional indoor missions.Plentiful weaponry so you never feel helpless (i.e. Dead Rising 1)Craft weapons from anywhere - No More Benches Required!!!!Finally you also have time to possibly complete every single optional mission, without losing the main game."
,Recommended,265550,12294345,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Fusc0,"The Dead Rising 3 experienceDead Rising 3 has stopped working!Dead Rising 3 has stopped working!Dead Rising 3 has stopped working!Dead Rising 3 has stopped working!Dead Rising 3 has stopped working!Dead Rising 3 has stopped working!Dead Rising 3 has stopped working!Dead Rising 3 has stopped working!Dead Rising 3 has stopped working!Dead Rising 3 has stopped working!Dead Rising 3 has stopped working!.Update:I finally decided to see if this game was finally playable. Good news it is.from time to time you will see the strange frame drops for no reason but i finally managed to complete the game and it was, ok.I was more upset that at the end when i finnished i was lvl 38 but i could not continue playing and free roaming from the point i had done, which is all i wanted to do at that point so i was sadly dissapointed but just glad im able to get my monies worth."
,Recommended,265550,15082678,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Luke Rising,"Dead Rising 3! The Xbox one Timed exclusive for PC means I no reason to buy an Xbox One.All the best features have been cut out, Time Management? Waste of time! Escorting survivors? Not anymore! Save Locations? No on that one.The Co-op this time around gives players the option of being Nick Or♥♥♥♥♥♥which is just funny in its own right."
,Recommended,265550,15084465,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,sorA,"The loading screen take ages, but thats the only complain i have with this game.Crash just one time with 30 hours of game.Overall? Enjoyable as f..ck.Maybe you will need to know that PC version of apocalypse edition dont come with the ""Super Ultra Arcade Remix Hyper Edition EX + α"" DLC, a major fact. So, you should go with the xbox one version.The grapichs are still the same as Dead Rising 2 at least in my opinion( im playing pushing the limits of the specs, everything on max).In general im positively recommend this game. 8/10"
76561198107409670,Not Recommended,265550,15011049,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,mx3307,"Never worked well. Checked many times the requirements and I have them all. Asked for help and received it but still never made the game work well. It didn't crush, but it just works very poorly, the character reacts really slowly to the buttons."
76561198207199748,Not Recommended,265550,15025622,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,MurK ThunDerYT,its laggy i hate it
76561198166094622,Recommended,265550,13311129,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Fizzychris,the game is good but its not all that fun that i thought it would be. don't get me wrong its a good game but its still not better than the 1st Dead Rising or even the 2nd. Let me put it this way if you like the previous games then you would like it but it is not the next gen quality that you expect to be enven with a powerful graphics card. i post a yes recommendation only for people who like the first two Dead Rising but if didn't play any of them recommend wait for a good sale price
,Recommended,265550,13588883,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Pichuchu,Killing zombies with just about anything just make my day any day :DQuite enjoyable tho repetitive feels and lack of content.Crashes/freezes/lags/black screen etc is somewhat annoying at first but kinda went away after file verification so its all good i suppose.
76561198113608440,Not Recommended,265550,13707952,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,johncusack33,The earlier patches to this game have fixxed most of the problems.  But the FPS is still horrid there needs to be a patch to this issue before i can play this game again the FPS is that bad.
76561198143592968,Recommended,265550,30460574,Posted: 11 March,all,lockstockglock,My favorite Dead Rising game yet! They removed some of the annoying things and added more cool stuff!
76561198102062255,Recommended,265550,12406946,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,joeypotwewe,this was one of the funnest games i've ever played in my life
,Recommended,265550,12407955,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,P.N.0.3.,"This game has ran well great since launch for the PC port, and i had no Problems what so ever, this is my second attempt at a Dead Rising game since i never played the first one but the second one and it didn't really catch my attention, but this one really got me into it as far as weird characters you you meet along the way I do enjoy the mass amount of zombies. GTX 770 4gb, 8gb DDR3, i5 4670k @3.4ghz , ran everything maxed out and no problems, no slow loading, running more than 100+fps and all textures there no  issues of voices missing from any cutscenes. I thought it was well money spent for me. As far as people that had issues and idk if it still happening today? I haven't came across any. '"
,Recommended,265550,12360412,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Eyewatch,<html><body><-- Review --><h3> Awesome </h3></body></html>
76561198121870034,Recommended,265550,12409861,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,SGT_CANADY_USMC,from what i have played it is a great game. Lots of fun to play. you will dumb time into this game. it is much better than the earlier dead rising.
,Recommended,265550,12410712,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,catty9,Love it :)compeling story and fun zombie killing
76561198080875377,Not Recommended,265550,12411352,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,演员,why i cant play??
,Recommended,265550,12419644,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,The Sexiest Panda Alive,"Dead Rising 3 is a must for anyone who enjoyed the first two games. While the release of this game was quite buggy, patches were soon released to fix those bugs. While some of the missions did feel a bit unneeded, and the graphics aren't amazing, there is a lot of fun to be had with Dead Rising 3. 8/10"
76561198039039065,Recommended,265550,12424724,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,GrayCryptoSpordium,"This game is the best dead rising game I've ever played, the way it flows through quests is almost seemless, some of the psycho's are absolutely hilarious. If you can get past the bad optimizations its probobly one of the better games i've played this year. I'm sure there will be a patch soon. Buy it its worth it!"
76561198005589300,Not Recommended,265550,12425233,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Snow Pheonix,"I'm barely even able to play this game due to all the crashes. Up to patch three so far and still not stable enough to even deserve a public release. I wish I could review the game-play, because it looks fun, but I've spent more time trying to get it to work correctly than playing and it just isn't worth it anymore. Very poor show from Capcom."
76561198120561448,Recommended,265550,12428005,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Paulkoyal,goood game didnt crash for me at all
,Recommended,265550,12433149,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,NGJkks2000,"Gr8 game even though not the best graphics, if the developers can make dr3 optimised for pc then it would be a 10/10"
76561197974216683,Recommended,265550,12867938,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,reamiger,Pros:fun to play and good enviroment and characters.Cons: A little repetitiveover all worth buying
76561198125795299,Not Recommended,265550,12868974,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,bubzy,it laggs like a ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198010996699,Recommended,265550,12529274,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Venomous Spyder,"I really liked this game, as a fan of the clunky controlled Dead Rising, and the mildly better controlled Dead Rising 2, it was a joy to play through this game.  I really liked the added vehicles and the super combo weapons.  A hilarious and entertaining if somewhat poorly scripted game."
,Recommended,265550,12408043,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Gunslinger Ned,"I just keep getting blurred lines even when I turn Vsynch on. Also when I updated my GTX 770 graphics card software the game crashed even more. Capcom really should have tested graphics card compatibility.  Also, there's so many zombies that it's nearly impossible to avoid them. I litterally got trapped in a mosh pit of zombies and couldn't climb out. Fix the glitches and lower the zombies just a little bit and I'll change my review. I would reccomend Dead Rising 2 though. Update: The graphical error has been fixed. I had one of my settings misconfigured."
,Recommended,265550,12497782,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,backstreets back,s'alright
,Recommended,265550,12512301,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Sgtgrumbles89,"Best of the series by far, graphically beautiful and fun as hell."
,Recommended,265550,12540667,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Jonah98,This game is great visually and gameplaywise.It is also very funny and has very unique boss battles. The only problem with this is the framerate. 8/10.
76561198121223901,Not Recommended,265550,12471236,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,threvel,i am sure this game is awesome but it crashes all the time and is locked at 30fpsi dont recommened yet hopfuly they will fix all the problem with this game
,Not Recommended,265550,12480219,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,JawsBite,This game would be good if it didn't crash every five seconds. Good job crapcom!
76561198041710613,Not Recommended,265550,11999029,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,JayRebirth,"Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥Shuttering then loss of sound after about 20 seconds of this the game locks up for another 2 mins then repeats. Causes PC to not respond and takes time to recover. Doesn't matter the settings low-high same results. Textures and objects popups and sometimes whole rooms/building don't render at all. my GTX580 3gb 2xSLI, AMD FX9590 and 16gb ram should have no problem at low-medium. Games not even that advance.Cutscenes 18fps slide show (Fine with the 980)EDIT Two weeks later and i still can't play my ♥♥♥♥ing pre-order!EDIT Upgrade to a GTX980 and still the same problems! now Oct 24th"
,Recommended,265550,12588107,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,[32nd Ensign] Tavington,"I have always enjoyed the Dead Rising series being a big fan of zombies in general as a genre. Whilst the campagin isn't as good as the previous games to play, the gameplay itself is an improvement and really anjoyable. I recommend this game if you like zombies."
76561198084513355,Recommended,265550,12538956,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,chihyang,너무좋아요
,Recommended,265550,12258796,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,devonh117,"Loving it, already completed each untold story and the main story now, just running around collecting and murdering zombies with kickass combo weapons like the railgun,elemental staff etc. Atm i'm in abit of a need of a co-op partner just for abit more ""Fun"" in completing each and every sidequest.So if interested send a invite.Either than that, Game is awesome."
76561198000859167,Recommended,265550,12276308,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,German_Blood,Huge improvement over the previous titles.What I like:-Desent size world for a semi-sandbox game-The largest population of zombies I have ever seen in a game-about 3X more weapons to craft then in DR2-You can craft customizable vehicles-You can access any weapon/vehicle from your Safe house/Garage.What I DONT like is that there is still a Mother-Loving time limit!!! ♥♥♥♥!
76561198089853680,Recommended,265550,12276489,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,NFG_Gamer,-its easy to get sucked into slaughtering hundreds of zombies and forgetting about the missions with time limits.-some weapons are way over powered-to many damn teddy bear turret blueprints
,Not Recommended,265550,12223245,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,MatterMatters,"Despite the insane fun in killing endless hordes of zombies with every weapon imaginable, Capcom's 3rd iteration of Dead Rising falls short in it's storytelling and is plagued with performance issues that have yet to be fixed."
76561198136556976,Not Recommended,265550,12228270,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,BaronGeneric,"After two weeks of waiting the game i most want to play in my library still doesnt even open. No matter what fixes i apply and work arounds i attempt,  Dead Rising 3 PC is not worth the asking price or the hassle."
76561198108975356,Recommended,265550,12855763,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,armt.j,I really wish this game would load on my computer. Ive seen tons of youtubers play it but my computer for some reason when i start the game up the screen goes black and then nothing happens. PLEASE FIX THIS!
76561198005919137,Recommended,265550,12858850,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Provoker,all the technical negatives (such as occassional lags and FPS issues) are overweighted by the joy of killing a zombi with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥machinegun
76561197997893142,Recommended,265550,12025238,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Kmac83,"This game has had several issues, but most of them seem to be fixed by now. Kudos to Capcom for addressing them, even if some of the issues (missing items, invisible things, unable to play with an integrated chipset, etc.) took over a month to fix.The game, itself, is fun. A little more open ended and free-form when compared withe last two. Best new additions are crafting items anywhere (not needing a work bench) and car/food recipes."
76561198128616808,Recommended,265550,12681966,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,snowguy,a great game !!!!!!
76561198090273166,Recommended,265550,12754758,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Yuudokuanarchy,can anybody run this on a AMD Radeon HD 7560D ??
76561198061327106,Recommended,265550,12822434,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,SkinnierSteve,"Ok, first of all I'm going to talk about the game's performance on my pc. My specs are: Windows 7 professional 64-bit, Intel core I5-3470 3.20GHz quad core, 8 gigs of ram, Nvidia Geforce Gtx 560 ti 2GB Phantom, and a 700 watt huntkey power supply. I read the game's system requirements and saw the insane graphics card requirements. I saw people say they can run it with that card on medium-low settings, so I bought the game. It downloaded, and I launched it. Usually the first thing I do when I install a new game is crank up the graphics as high as they can go and test the performance. I did the same with deadrising 3, and I was very surprised. It ran flawlessly on the maximum graphics settings with my gtx 560 ti 2gb. The pc complained about low memory a few times, so I restarted my pc, and now it's fine. No more low memory complaints from my pc while playing. I can play the game perfectly fine. I made a video of it to show off the awesome performance. Keep in mind the game is locked at 30 fps, that's why my fps didn't go any higher than 32fps. The game runs very smooth and great. Now for the actual review: The game is just like deadrising 2, but with a much bigger map, more crazy weapons and vehicles and psychopaths, more modes to choose from, more stuff to upgrade when leveling up (this time you can pick what you want to level up, it's not like the older ones where the game picked your upgrades for you) They removed gambling and money from the game though, because they also removed pawn shops. You can't buy stuff anymore, but you can make yourself an awesome combo weapon or vehicle easily. Oh yeah, there's no work benches where you combine weapons anymore, instead you can do it anywhere, anytime, as long as you have the blueprint for the weapon or vehicle, and you have the right stuff in your inventory to make something. Oh yeah, you can't make weapons without the blueprints anymore, but it's not so hard anymore to find blueprints. There are about 100 blueprints scattered throughout the game's map. There's also collectibles, like limited edition Frank West statues, annoying speakers to destroy, dead people that died in sad ways to inspect, blueprints for weapons and vehicles to find, survivors to help, and more. There's plenty to do in the game, and there's never a dull moment where you wonder: Hmmm, what do I do now?, because you always have something to do. On top of all that, there's also side-missions. Side-missions randomly pops up, you don't have to find them or anything. When there's a new side mission available, you in-game phone will ring, and you press Z to answer it. Once you answer it, someone on the phone will tell you what you need to do. Of course, you don't have to do the side-missions, but they are fun. They are also timed though, and if you fail to do a side-mission in time, it will fail, and you won't be able to try it again, but don't worry, there are different modes of play to choose from, ranging from completionist, speed run, casual, hardcore, or nightmare mode. I am playing it on completionist. I think completionist gives you the most time. I'm not sure though. On completionist, they give you 7 game days to escape the city. In the older deadrising games it was just 3 days. Oh yeah, there's a lot more combo weapons than in any older deadrising game, and I mean A LOT more. Probably like 100 or so. There are also combo vehicles. You can combine vehicles by parking one vehicle next to another one and holding F while you are standing next to the cars and then left click twice. You can do it anywhere, anytime. Of course there's also co-op, which is fun as always. I have to say the co-op is a lot smoother and less laggy than any previous deadrising game so far. When someone joined my game, I didn't even notice any lag at all. It was super smooth and awesome. I will post the link to my video here when it is uploaded. And now for the final verdict................ 8 out of 10! Summary: Tons of stuff to do, very detailed map and larger than all previous games, fun co-op, less lag, runs very smooth, great graphics, lot's of vehicles and weapons, epic boss fights, and this time there's more than one safehouse! You can unlock safehouses! Some stuff they could improve upon: I would like a sandbox mode with no time limit, like in deadrising 2 off the record, I would like them to fix the slow loading textures, and unlock the framerate. (I known you can do it manually, but I don't want to do it) That pretty much sums up the game. Oh yeah, one more good thing: This time there or no loading screens if you go in certain areas of the map. The whole map is seamless, and you can explore the whole map without a loading screen. Ok, I know this review is long, but I wanted to make a thorough review."
76561198025020121,Recommended,265550,12822603,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Arktor314,"Do you ever dream about slaughtering zombies while wearing a banana hammock? If you answered yes, you will love Dead Rising 3.Warning: Requires a decent PC to play. (My wife's $600 pc runs it fine, but mine couldn't run dead rising 2 and also can't run 3)"
,Recommended,265550,12811407,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,BloodyZombie117,"This game is fun. Rate 10/10.Running it on a GTX 650, graphics on low. Looks exactly like what it would look like on an Xbox One. (If it was released on a PS4, the graphics would've been the same as well)I can play on maximum with 20 fps, but I'd rather go through the game at 30. Next playthrough I'll remove the cap and run with 60 fps.All in all, it's fun. That's all that matters. (Plus no DLC to actually kill zombies, so bonus points! [Shame on you Advanced Warfare, for being something I'll never buy])"
76561198062815636,Recommended,265550,12843647,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Kevanoovitch,This game is really fun but the controlls is messed up and hard to learn -_- otherwise the gameplay is fun.
,Not Recommended,265550,12851063,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Drogon,bad game here in pc
76561198031658534,Recommended,265550,12853009,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Hetrick,Great game to play with friends. I highly recommend this for people looking to play a great coop game togeather.
76561197972701828,Recommended,265550,11994450,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Skycrime,"I'll change my review as soon as I see an option to invite my wife into a co-op game with me.[edit] We've successfully been playing for a while now. You need a decent system, but this is a really fun game overall. I do wish there were some sort of sandbox mode so we could just explore and get into stuff more."
,Recommended,265550,12830871,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,DefectiveBreed,Hordes of zombies to slay- checkSlaying said hordes of zombies with rediculous crafted weapons- checkPreforming said activities in a gimp suit- double check
,Recommended,265550,12758382,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,illage2,"If you can forgive the locked frame rate (even though you can unlock it easily) then your in for a right treat. Its Dead Rising at its core.  A zombie killing simulator with a story.You can use all manner of weapons and combine weapons.  Some of them are funny weapons and others are too damn good. Like laser swords and Miniguns.Controls are really good for PC port, literally everything can be rebinded assuming your using a Keyboard and mouse, you can also use an Xbox 360 controller and yes third party controllers also work.Pshyco boss fights are also somewhat easier than the previous games, which is a GOOD THING! I found myself avoiding them on DR2, so I'm happy you can beat them without dying all the time.Thankfully they did away with the crappy escort missions, and to rescue survivors you have to kill all the Zombies surrounding them.  There are also orther survivors who can join you and fight Zombies with you, these can be recurtied from the safe zones.Highly recommended if you really love slaughtering Zombies."
76561198011251087,Recommended,265550,12762932,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Zeek HeLa Cell,"Great fun.  Nightmare mode is better, normal mode is a bit too easy."
76561198107095728,Not Recommended,265550,12763043,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,gamecube - csgobig.com,i would recommend this game if it didnt crash at the loading screen. I mean c'mon capcom. we pay for a decent game and this is what you give us! i have always liked the deadrising series. Please if you would do us a favor. give us another update.
76561198016054425,Recommended,265550,12797348,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Baron Von Yolo,"I didn't realize until after I purchased the game that a lot of people were having issues running it. Take note that I got the game after the latest patch. I am happy to report that I have had no issues so far, my build is as follows:i5 4690k @ 3.8ghzSapphire R9 280xAs far as the game goes, I have enjoyed it quite a bit at 20hrs in with quite a bit of gameplay left to go. I was a fan of the prequels and IMO this game fits in nicely. The only thing I need to look into is some kind of FOV mod. But overall I like the game and if you're familiar with the series then I think you will too."
,Recommended,265550,13256677,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,[TMNT]AquaLine,"Awsome Game! Every thing I expected it to be, so many zombies! I have played zombie games, but the amount that spawn are just crazy.Just a heads up, this game requires some serius hardware,My Specs:Intel I7 2.8ghz12 gigs RamNvidia GTX 760 2 gigno problems others have on the coummunity hub, everything runs smooth and at highest graphics settings."
76561198061999917,Recommended,265550,13273990,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,doowahdiddy A.K.A DUSKSHIMMER,i enjoy the whole dead rising series and love it but with this pc port it ends to crash i just set it tp 900p  and i never had a problem again so if you do buy it keep in mind your not going to play it in 1080p wich shoulnt matter so if you have a problem with it than just dont buy it the game is just as fun in 900p than in 1080p
76561198216940403,Recommended,265550,19431127,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MaxNeu14,"I am an absolute fan boy of this game since it came out! ANd now i am trying to play it, and my pc is too sucky to create 10 fps on lowest settings!! You need to have at least a good pc to play this game"
,Not Recommended,265550,19433400,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Girl bear,"Do not waste your money on this $50 is too much money, your better off eiether A. never platying it and ust play dead rising 2 again or B. find a pirated version.I WASTED MY MONEY ON THIS and still NO CRASH FIX my computer is fine it can hadle just about all games, but crashcom seems to be wasting our time not fixing this problem so until they do dont waste a penny"
76561198051825804,Recommended,265550,19556677,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Panda Slander,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love the Dead Rising franchise! Dead Rising 1 was the reason for why I got my first Xbox 360 over the Wii when it came out (dodged a bullet there). I bought Dead Rising 3 when it was on sale (which it is regularly by the looks of things). I havn't completed the game yet but I have not been dissapointed so far. Such a great game! Highly recommend it if you love gorey games, killing zombies and ♥♥♥♥ing about. If your not sure about the full £40, wait for a sale on. I got it for like £15. Best purchase I've made in some time. Also like the fact the DLC version costs the same as the original copy when it came out. Hats off to you Capcom. You are a dying, but highly appreciated, breed."
,Recommended,265550,19744707,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Guilherme D'ravem,"Fun, fun, FUN! That's how define Dead Rising 3, the story ins't bad, but it's not for it you will play it, it's for the awesome gameplay, enjoyable combat and for the hours of fun you will have playing it, as long you have time is one of those games to spend dozen hours even after finishing, just doing extra stuff or going around and having fun fighting a horde of zombies.Just don't wait a dead serious zombie game here, this one is to be enjoyed and laugh."
76561198053463481,Recommended,265550,20231290,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,murmuniukas,Crashes every 10-15min caused by xaudio2_7.dll. Fix->  Ctrl+Shift+Esc->  Services->  TabletInputServices->  RMB->  stop.Voila.Overall a fun game when you have finished all the fiddling/workarounds to play it.
76561198006995311,Recommended,265550,20241846,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Fltroy,Fun
,Not Recommended,265550,17599351,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Jetpackpenguin,"It's tons o fun at the beginning, but then you crash over and over. With all the crashes, you might as well just go back to dead rising 2 or off the record.Edit:After finishing the game, the game still is fun. Combo weapons are nice, combo cars are awesome. The game itself is a much more easy version of the other two DR. Psychos are few and not too memorable or hard to beat. It's an alright game, but It still feel I'd rather go back to DR 2 again."
76561198055931521,Recommended,265550,12199972,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,YamiMarik1994,"I'm very surprised that this game has gotten so much hate in the recommendations. So far in the 22 hours I've played this game, the only issue I've had was screen tearing during the opening cutscene, which I fixed by enabling VSync. Regarding bugs and whatnot, I've encountered zero in the time I've been playing. This may be because I have a high-end gaming PC from Digital Storm, which built to handle games like this. No lag, no freezing, and most importantly, no crashing. It sounds to me like most people don't have a super powerful computer like I do, but I can't say for certain. Bottom line is my PC was built for gaming, which may contribute to me not having any issues.Overall, the game is really, really fun, and I was happy that it was released on the PC; I really do not like Microsoft and have no interest in getting an Xbox One. The game is suspenseful and exciting, and the story is really interesting as well. I'd very much recommend this game, but it sounds like you really need a gaming PC to fully enjoy it without running into issues like most people have, which is really a shame because this is a really, really good game."
76561198048923490,Recommended,265550,13013566,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Giagus,"AWESOME!!!!! I don't know about the cutscenes, they are very laggy, but other wise the game is amazing!"
76561198163524074,Recommended,265550,13058957,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,lockedchrome,this game for pc if you have the right equipment for the job to play is really fun havent played coop yet but iam assuming it will be fantastic
76561198099278035,Not Recommended,265550,13083056,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Sergeantjkr,this game sucks its framrate is so bad its almost alwase 16 frames per seacond and all fixes are not worth crap and do nothing please steam i doint care what you say just make a option to lower the fram rate and i have wanted this game ever sence it came out and you rouind it all please fix this in a patch please steam.
76561197962290141,Recommended,265550,13155574,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,gatsbo,"great game, easiest of series but totally enjoyable zombie slaughter."
76561197970414679,Recommended,265550,21039577,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,WJAS,"Looks & plays better than the Xbox 1 versionSame as Kenny below14.99 is appealingVisually looks  gamma-ed ~ thoughNo problem w/ performance thus farWorks fine w/ the steam linkI'm working from a :980 GTX17 4930k16 GB of 2400 Mhz rate quad channel RamConsidering the DLC averages around 14.99 &the Xbox 1 version of the same value around 27 +It's an appealing offerSonic | TWD Kenny189 products in account55 reviewsRecommended13.4 hrs on recordPosted: January 1Dead Rising 3 has received quite the negative reputation over it's course of existance. The only thing is, I can't agree with it's negative feedback.From someone who enjoyed both Dead Risings 1 and 2 on the Xbox 360, the transition over was very nice if I do say so myself (from Xbox to PC). People claim this is a very ""poor port"" but yet this game runs flawlessly on my rig without a single issue. Before I mention anything else about performance, please realize that I DID unlock the frame cap and I enabled Vsync because this game suffers pretty badly from screen tearing. I might also add that my system is pretty beefy (I'll add my specs at the bottom of the review).I guess since I'm already talking about performance, I'll start off straight away with that. This game DOES have a frame lock at 30, but you can download and add a .ini file from a website (I'm too lazy to get the link) that offers the file. Other than that, the game runs very smoothly without any real major dips in framerates. Users have complained about frame dips, but like I said, I didn't experience a single dip. Zombie hordes do lower my FPS by about 5 or 10 FPS, but it usually kicks right out of it and by the time it does that it's almost completely unnoticable. Regardless, the game can hold a 60 FPS very nicely. Some people have also complained about crashing- in the time I've played it, I haven't experienced a single crash yet.My only real complaints for this game are the controls and it's lack to sometimes render small objects that are mere feet away. The controls feel very poorly done, especially with the camera. The manual mouse movement feels slow and laggy almost. Using WASD to move around also feels like it's delayed or something. Using a controller would probably feel better, but as far as keyboard/mouse, I think it just needs some getting used to. I haven't played a Dead Rising game for a couple of years, so it might just be me getting used to the controls again. Regarding the rendering with some objects, notice that I stress ""sometimes"" because this only happens very seldom. Most of the times I forget about it- in fact, I'm actually editing my review after I wrote this to add this in because I completely forgot about it.Compared to other Dead Rising games, you're not stranded in a god forsaken mall. You're set in a fairly open world environment with lots of backroads and the sorts. Lots of areas in the map are open and are accessable. I read somewhere that ""90% of the doors are locked in the game"" but yet I've only seen two locked doors- and they were apart of a mission where they were SUPPOSED to be locked... DR3 takes on a nice and new approach and I think they did a great job with it so far.DR3 also added in a better (imo) crafting (or 'combo' system as they call it) system and way more vehicles. They added in craftable cars and combo-cars as well. You can combo weapons and things found through blueprints, just as in Dead Rising 2. Blueprints are scattered across the map, along with PP collectables and more, all of which are located on the minimap in the corner (which is nice). Unlike DR1 and DR2, the time system is MUCH more leanient. I still have a few missions from when I started the game that I haven't even touched, yet I still have over 75% of my time remaining.While I haven't delved much into the story yet, . Overall, the story seems to be very well written and it's as quirky and stupid as the previous installments. It's a lot like the other ones where you're getting rescued in a certain number of days, except the government .Overall, I'm very happy I decided to pick this game up on sale for $14.99. This game seems definitely worth the retail price and/or sale price (as long as everything works fine for you).9/10.My rig specsCPU: i3 2120GPU: GTX 950 2GB SSCRAM: 8GBOS: Windows 10 Pro"
,Recommended,265550,21480012,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ShXIII,"Beat this around 13-14 hours game time. This is my first DR game so I had no expectations from the previous games. Overall I liked but it was nothing special, ran and looked great except the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ default FOV, fixed with flawless widescreen as usual. It’s definitely impressive how many zombies can be on the screen at once. They definitely could have incorporated a better navigation system in the game, I was constantly going in and out of the menu trying to figure out a path to my next objective, kind of broke the immersion a bit. Combat could have been improved on especially the upgrade system, it just felt weak and I never got the feeling that my character was getting any better. Best part about the game is the campy 80’s zombie vibe, the story, characters, humor, art design and especially the scoring were spot on. A few of the side missions were fun but overall they got repetitive and actually annoying as they kept popping up all over the place so I stopped doing them. I definitely liked the Dead Island games more and can’t wait till I get Dying Light, I also prefer the more serious tone to zombie games that’s for sure."
76561198283056482,Recommended,265550,21282210,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Koalasium,"This is an amazing game with a vast open world to explore, with the bonus of getting to slaughter thousands of zombies with fun and creative weapons. The one bad thing about it is the price, but I would just wait for a sale if I were you."
76561197995713409,Not Recommended,265550,21284210,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mydogis,Probably a good game. But it crashed every half hour for me on a completely new pc and fresh install. So i Uninstalled
76561197970513455,Not Recommended,265550,21225007,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Roasted_Toast,Game doesnt run passed the opening and just crashes over an over agian. Luckly i got it 80% off so i dont feel so bad since it really is a horrible PC port.
76561198006688822,Recommended,265550,21225179,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Sh3llShock,"Dead Rising 3 is a great zombie killing, post apoc game. The game visuals are great, the story is good and more importantly, the weapons are ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. You can craft hundreds of weapons including cars with flamethrowers and more! Online play with other people makes the game fun for a long time. The story line will give you a good single player experience with the urge to play again in the future. Recommend A+"
76561198056841585,Recommended,265550,21242555,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Reaverthereaper,"i find this game very fun, just like the first two games, the map is bigger, and there's bunch of stuff to do, but iam very happy that's its on pc, since i don't own a xbox one, just be happy that dead rising 3 is on pc and not just the xbox one, i wish it was on ps4 as well, now the boss fights are good too, and the cut scenes are funny, yeah the map is alittle confusing, because most of the streets have road blocks or are blow up, and i like the character nick, all the characters are great, and iam glad that we get to see some well maybe two of the characters from dead rising 2 and dead rising 1,  also there alot of i guess hidden easter eggs, or hidden stuff everywhere, and iam glad that they told a alittle back story about dead rising 1 and 2, and some of the dlc,, and the way that the game ended, kinda makes me feel there might be a 4th one, (i got the very good ending), also the dlc for this game is fun too, and explains about some characters(mostly bosses or characters that get killed off in the main game)  and i really like that u can build whatever car u want, which is fun, i like my steamrollor bike, and they do bring back the combine weapons, but iam glad u can combine anywhere u want, and not need a workshop for it, i don't see anything bad about this game, so i give it a thumbs up, and hoping there will be a 4th one, and also hoping the next game be on pc and ps4, and not just xbox one, oh and i almost forgot, there's NO TIME LIMIT!!!, which is perfect that u don't have to rush to save someone or fight a boss or whatever, yay!graphics are goodsounds are goodbunch of zombies are goodhaving freak zombies mix in there is goodthe characters are greatbosses are great and funnystoryline is interesting and explain what happen to some character after the dead rising 2 and dead rising 2 dlc, and also telling a new storyline as well!weapons, well there's alot of goodies to choosemaking cars into a mass weapon of roadkill is very very good!tons of blood and guts, check!big map, yes bigger then the mall, and more to exploretime limit, there's no need for one...none.....what i think about it? well i say its good and its really great just like DR1 and DR2, now give it a try,"
,Recommended,265550,16820799,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Slowbro,"Shortform RecommendationI'm going to go with a fairly cautious recommendation on this game. Overall, I did have fun with the game, quite a lot at times, but any recommendation I would gives comes with a number of qualifiers, a terrible port job being the main concern. The actual gameplay of Dead Rising 3 is chaotic and fun as hell, almost rivaling the complete anarchy of a Saint's Row game and for that alone I think this game is worth playing. It's a good game to get on sale and enjoy over a weekend for a laugh.Longform Critical ReviewI got respect for Capcom as a publisher/developer they tend to make games that play really well even if they don't always have the best writing. Which is the case with Dead Rising 3. The story is basically just a crutch to hang gameplay on so the narrative is nothing astounding but it serves its purpose. Though, I guess there are people out there who follow the Dead Rising storyline I am just not one of those people. In fact, this is the first Dead Rising game I ever played so I would keep that in mind for anyone who is a longtime fan of the franchise looking at this review. The games writing is just good enough to frame the situation which is fine, I guess.Though one issue I did have with the writing was that it was very well, im just going to say it, mean-spirited at times. There seems to be quite a bit of the Adam Sandler school of comedy where some of the jokes are basically just point and laugh at this person that is different. Like a villain who is a grotesquely obese woman which is funny because... she is just really obese? or another woman who is funny because she just really looks like a man and is very muscular. There was even a really out of place implied sexual assault gag near the beginning of the game which wasn't really intended as a joke but the seriousness of threatening♥♥♥♥♥♥against a woman in the middle of something that had been so incredibly campy was just, well, weird. These things weren't insulting enough to make me want a quit or even made me angry, they were just kind of made me be like ""Oh..."" These portrayals are at least not made worse by a protagonist who is equally mean-spirited and shames them for their appearance at least. Nick is just a good kid who wants people to get along so we at least see them through the lens of someone somewhat decent.The biggest issue, I would have to say this game suffers from is its performance. I saw a lot of people compare it to the infamous GTA IV port which is pretty accurate. So, I would basically say if you don't meet the recommended hardware speccs, I wouldn't recommend trying this game, well I guess you can always refund it now. Even with hardware far above the recommended level you will still notice framerate dips and texture popping so be warned. I never had any technical problems actually interfere with actual gameplay at least. framerate dips never got low enough to hinder reaction times which resulted in a death or anything. I also don't think the game crashed on me once. So, that's something at least. With the sheer number of animated npcs on the screen at any one time, it was amazing that the frames stayed at 30 sometimes which is the locked framerate btw. So, if locked framerates make you incredibly angry then stay way. Though it might be changeable if there is an .ini file that you can edit I just didn't care enough to look.I think this game also performs badly not just because of it being a direct port but also that it was software developed for new hardware even from the start. This was a xbone launch title...  I'm not saying this just because some of the xbone reviews of this game also stated problems with texture pop-in but because you can tell this game by its map design was made in a way to hide its poor optimization.There are a lot of carefully laid out roadblocks and cars strewn across the roads so that you can't ever travel too quickly on them so the engine has time to draw in the detail on new areas, however that wasn't often enough since is still noticed a lot of pop-in The map is also arranged in a modular way so that it is 4 mini-hubs rather than one major area, to reduce how many assets would need to be loaded at one time.But, to end on a positive, I have to say the gameplay is just so damn fun. It reminds me of what I love about Saint's Row where the sheer chaos and ludocrity of the gameplay situations translates into pure, unadulterated entertainment. I've heard a lot of people who are series fans complain about this game dumbing down for causal audiences by making crafting less demanding and being easier and allowing more time for sidequests, but as someone who has never played a DR game I think it is good fit for something this silly. Your mileage may vary of course. One of the things I like best about this game is that is exactly as long as it needs to be. The map is not unnecessarily huge it is just the right size it needs to be and detailed enough to be memorable and interesting. It's the kind of game you can pick up for a few hours and play to unwind from a day at work without having to invest to much in which has its own kind of value, for me at least, when so many of these new releases are huge content cows that could take up to 100 hours or so to fully complete. It's a fun, just as long as it needs to be, 10-14 hour game that is worth picking up when it goes on sale."
76561198157520775,Recommended,265550,17136450,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,priks.erlend,"Very good game, I dont see any lag and i play it with gtx 750 and co op works perfectly . In top 5 for me."
,Not Recommended,265550,17120594,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Phoenix-Senpai,Why is this game borderline unplayable?
76561198070220354,Recommended,265550,17404763,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Belal,"Enjoy zombie smashing?  Sandbox survival?  Crazy fun vehicles and mind-blowing weapons?  Then play this game! Even better, play with friends, hours of fun just in testing out your new gadgets on zombies!"
,Recommended,265550,16957673,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Moreeseb,"I very rarely write reviews, but i think this one deserves one from all the mixed reviews its getting, Honestly im having fun with it, Thats what playing video games is all about, Yes there is only 30 FPS but honestly im having fun with it xP And I really suggest people try this game, It will prob run better on higher end PC's but who knows really :pForgot to add if people wondering what specs i have, And i can play this game max quality and everything without the 60 FPS thing added to it.PC Specs:GPU: Geforce GTX 960 2 GBCPU: AMD FX(tm)-8250 Eight-Core ProcessorMemory: 16 GB RAMCurrent Resolution: 1920x1080Operating System is Windows 8.1"
,Recommended,265550,16965763,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,L_Squared,"Have to be honest,if this wasn't on sale i wouldn't have bought it due to all the negative reviews.Having bought it though,i'm more than surprised as to how well the game runs.I have no idea how it ran when it first came out or what has been patched since.With a 4790k and a 970 i'm getting over 100 fps a lot of time on Ultra.Cutscenes don't seem to want to stay at 60 all the time but i could really care less about that.I can't say how it'll run for other systems but for me it's run smooth as can be.I've had it dip below 60 a few times when running over massive amounts of zombies.though i wouldn't even have noticed if i wasn't looking at a frame counter.By default the game is locked at 30 fps which i don't like at all.If you want to unlock it just make a file named User.ini,add gmpcr_unlock_frame_rate = True in it and drop it in the default game folder.I did this and than just put on Nvidia vsync to get smooth 60 fps like it should be anyway.Fun game.More fun with friends."
,Recommended,265550,25780251,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Chaostraveler,"I love the Dead Rising games, but I didn't want to get an Xbox One so I snagged this when it went on sale even though I couldn't play it then. Now I have a new desktop and I've put about 17 hours into it in just a few days. I can say that it seems a bit annoying at first, as in addition to the usual weak starting character stats you can no longer try to make combos with whatever you have and the map zooms itself WAY out when ever you have an objective.On the other hand, there are so many combo weapons that you can find in a matter of minutes of making it to the city proper that it doesn't really matter. The game is also much more relaxed, time moves slower and you have more to begin with anyways so it's easy to just take your time and still get everything done. I made it to level 50 in my first playthrough.There are a few cons unfortunately:-the graphics can get a bit jumpy during the cutscenes-sometimes the screen will go black while changing clothes-there are a few random crashes for no apparant reasonAll in all, I do recommend the game. It is fun, has some hilarious items and great gameplay; graphical issues aside."
76561198053713156,Recommended,265550,22350913,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Reddi,"A very fun game to play with a friend. The story is kinda meh, but who the ♥♥♥♥ plays dead rising for the story??? bashing zombies with random♥♥♥♥♥♥has never been better!"
76561198086747436,Recommended,265550,25966620,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MARINE588,"bought it on sales, ok, it played well at least as a XB exclusiove game after all."
76561198055202938,Recommended,265550,26545874,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dude,"i see chuck, i like."
,Recommended,265550,26544882,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Munchee,luv it!!!
76561198342978092,Recommended,265550,26695375,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,CrashingStacks,"Great game if you're a fan of the often silly, zombie slashing style of Dead Rising in general.  I think the storyline is pretty meh, but I've felt that way about all of the Dead Rising games.  I don't care about finding Zombrex and such, just let me sit on my half bulldozer, half motorcycle redneck contraption and mow down zombies.It's a fun game to mess around in if you like sandbox style games."
,Recommended,265550,26589070,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,milkyspit,"Dead Rising is such a unique series, I don't even know where to start. From my experience with zombie-releated games, this is probably my most favourite. I always go back to it, even if it is an extremely rage-induced series. I first started off with Dead Rising 2, and just had to get the 3rd one. The story line is great and the combination weapons are pretty awesome. The only issue I have with it is the boss battles! Those are crazy."
,Recommended,265550,26613069,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,David0vić,"This game in my opinion is by far the best game in the franchise. Just like what DR2 did from DR1 this game improves on every aspect of the previous game. The open world setting is really cool, fun to explore and it’s packed with detail and interaction. The amount of zombies on screen is amazing, I think it totally makes up for the 30fps cap which is really jarring at first but you get used to it pretty quickly. If you are used to playing games like shadow of the colossus or gta san andreas on ps2 which both had a very low framerate than you should be ok with this as well. The combo weapons are very creative and very fun to use as well as the vehicles which all feel and handle great. Killing zombies has never been more fun than in this game with all of these cool weapons and getting those PP points for killing them is what makes killing them very addictive. The story is also actually pretty decent which is a first for the franchise. This game is up there with some of my favourite zombie games like resident evil remake, the walking dead and dying light.8/10 (Great)"
,Recommended,265550,26612402,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Tom,"Really fun game, personally I haven't experienced any major issues besides the odd small bug here and there.10/10 - Fun5/10 - Story11/10 - Combo Weapons/Vehicles8.5/10 - GameplayAll in all a solid game in the Dead Rising franchise."
,Recommended,265550,20011036,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Brandon,die
76561198294436005,Recommended,265550,28332879,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Daniel,i love playing this game so much but i have one big problem whenever i chat with my friends while playing the game my computer tpye random words and i cant control anything and my game crash and everytime i have to restart my computer can you pls fix this and also my chararter stop moving and i cant do anything pls pls fix it
,Recommended,265550,28401393,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,sonk duckem,Dank as♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198032528294,Recommended,265550,28211213,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Warriorsage,"If you haven't played a Dead Rising game, this isn't a bad place to start.  There are going to be story tie-ins and facts that are revealed that will have more impact if you have, but even if you understand the significance of everything, you're still left with a B Horror flick plotline and writing with very few surprises at best.  The only thing you really need to know is that it's an open world third-person zombie destruction game with a hefty dosage of weapons, vehicles, and an incomprehensible number of zombies that you can smash in single player or with a friend.  If you don't expect TOO much, you'll have around 35-40 hours of gory mayhem in single player alone.  There are mild technical issues, but nothing game breaking.  The only real nuisance was the game's penchant for never failing to send you from one end of the map to the literal other for story quests repeatedly.For everyone who's played a Dead Rising game before, get this one if you:-Felt the strict time constraints, while unique, kept you from really enjoying yourself.-Thought the psychopaths were absurdly difficult, or at least that your character was entirely too squishy.-Were annoyed by the fact that the survivors were mentally-challenged defenseless zombie magnets.-Thought the other games needed more vehicles and driving gameplay.-Wanted more really cool, albeit stupidly powerful weapons.-Felt like the games should have had a darker, more apocalyptic atmosphere.-Wished the previous games had a proper open world city.-Ever thought ""Hey, Dead Rising could use an extensive skill/perk system.""Now personally, most of those bullet points defined my overall view of the series, so this game suited me just fine.  If at least half of those have you shaking your head, you probably want to skip this one."
,Recommended,265550,28267497,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,PCGaming247,"I like the game there just is lots of junk with it.Pros:Looks goodlots and lots and lots of zombie (more then any other game i've ever played)amazing hordes and proforms well when so meny zombies are on the screenthere is more but I want to focus on the consCons:FPS cap of 30 (can unlock by creating a user file and adding some text)no ultra wide screen suport (it works but missing parts of the screen)the controls are horable (plays fine just killing zombies, but there are parts like the biker dude part that the controls are so jacked that it took me over an hour to beat it, the biker part that is)not full controler suport (to open perls and lv rewards I have to use the key board and that is buggie also)X rated crap, not needed and takes away from the game rather then add to itI could list more but the thing is the game is super fun. I have always wanted the feeling of being in a hord os zed s and having to fight for my life. They did real well with that. If they added 60fps cap to the game, ultra wide suport and good controls theis game would be better then good. Also if they got rid x rated junk, made it more RPGish, like an actual invintory, with real crafting, and the need to grather and a real open world, then the game would be the best zombie game out there.With all that said there still is this one thing I gotta say. If it wasnt for the amazing feeling you get with all the zombies, I meen the hords are record breaking in size, there are a lot a lot a lot. but back to the point that with out that I would put this game as un-play able and move it to my hiden games on steam. I do that with all games that the controls are crap, can't barrly play this game. But like I said there is nothing that I have found like it in turms of  the real feeling of a horde and Ive played everything when it comes to zed games, well besides ""the last of us""score 1-10 ------------Looking at this as another game (GFXs, controls, bugs, optamizations, settings,ect)4score 1-10------------Taking into acount how amazing the hordes are and nothing out there has this7"
,Recommended,265550,28196356,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Vycodyn,"While I can't speak much for the single player portion, I played through this with a friend and it's one of the best multiplayer experiences I've had (once it worked) in a long time - just non-stop laughs and fun.  It only took us about five to seven hours to beat it as a team, but for what we bought it for during the Thanksgiving sale, absolutely worth it."
76561198025453843,Recommended,265550,28619434,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Pox,"runs fine on a gtx970, unlocking fps was easy and the game itself is fun . worth a buy"
,Recommended,265550,28679174,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mario,"Don't let people talk this game down. Fixing the 30 fps cap was simple. Just had to make a text document and paste a command and save as user.ini. Maybe that part of the game is bad, but easy to fix. The rest? Magic."
76561198061901346,Recommended,265550,29245104,Posted: 14 January,all,flamex98,"This game can get extremely frustrating. Targeting which object you want to interact with is very unintuitive, the companion behaviour AI is obnoxious and can be down right stupid and it often feels like a chore having to go to the other side of the map once again.HOWEVER, I keep on coming back to it. There's nothing quite like mowing down THOUSANDS of zombies with countles improvized, rediculous and often OP weapons. The vehicles are also very fun and the story ain't too bad."
76561198028560051,Recommended,265550,22113024,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Ill_BMX,"I was concerned the game would be rubbish, opinion online expressed that it wasn't like as Dead Rising & Off the Record, lacking photo taking. That it was a poor story, unlike Dead Rising, OTR and Dawn of the Dead. That it was riddled with bugs and awful frame rates, like Dead Rising 2, that the weapon crafting to be unfit for purpose just like DR2, but not DR1 or OTR. And DLC. Boo DLC, like DR2 but not really DR1 and a little bit OTR. And the costumes may be awful or amazing like DR1, DR2, OTR and Night of the Living Dead.Turns out it’s kind of like Day of the Dead for me but I’ve been playing all the Dead Rising games pretending I was in George Romero’s films.I found the game to be stable on Med/High on my very clean system that exceeds the recommended spec without any effort spent. With a little tinkering to my system it runs 1080p very well when maximum options are set. I don't have 4K (1080p is more than good enough for me, I'm happy with 720, really CRT is fine too, better for DoDonPachi and Streetfighter).The hordes of DR3 zombies are huge; I love the close camera and the detail in what is presented visually. I like panning for vistas; playing making a film, “shooting” with Right Stick and “directing” with Left Stick & Buttons with many of my 3D games. I play GTA4 and make it look like a Driverhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knw3LdWk3WAmovie (editing takes too long, I prefer taking pictures or shooting without editing); and PSX Driver 2 was fine for me too. The only camera that's every beaten me was Red Ninjahttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Ninja:_End_of_Honorand I was very disappointed with myself I couldn’t overcome it.I have loved zombie films for a long time, then zombie games were invented and I’ve loved them too.Favourites that come to mind: Stubbs, OneeChanbara (PS2, 360 & Wii) all Resis (tho not so madly Resi 4 onwards), Dead Island & RT, Dying Light, Dead Nation, Red Dead, (especially) State of Decay (with mods), Plague Evolved, Zombie Driver, Zombies Ate My Neighbors)This game is no exception; it’s for a love of crowd simulators. I first witnessed the crowd in PlayStation(This is a PSX ピーエスエックス “Pī Esu Ekkusu""https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PSX_%28video_game_console%29)Dynasty Warriors; the number and accessibility of human combat was fantastic. This concept was taken to a new level and approach in State of Emergency, again by Mount and Blade and GTA345; a style of accessibility of visceral combat appropriate to the situation presented. The Dead Rising series has refined this by taking me on a journey like George Romero did; exploring a zombie world through a series of games, rather than film. This game continues that tradition very well. We’ve gone from a compact scope to a larger scope in the same manner as the Romero films, relatively speaking with visceral combat for different funs on the way:George RomeroNight Of the Living Dead: the initial outbreak, story from a compact size HouseDawn of the Dead: Soon after the outbreak, story in a medium size Shopping MallDay of the Dead: Much later after outbreak story perspective large size and over worldYoshinori KawanoDead Rising: the initial outbreak, story from a compact size Shopping MallRobyn WallaceDead Rising 2 & OTR: Soon after the outbreak, story in a medium size CasinoMichael JonesDead Rising 3: Much later after outbreak story perspective large size and over worldI have greatly enjoyed all of the Dead Rising games and continue to play all of them, OTR the most but I currently think DR3 will surpass that with time.If you’re considering my opinion, it may help you to also know that I tend to only read reviews written by folk, rather than game press of any sort. This means I might miss entire parts of a game, good (like awesome features, for instance I never play online) or bad (like bugs or thinking the camera control unusable, except Red Ninja but I am not a Ninja and have enjoyed the first four or so obstacles of the training level immensely, literally several times, before the wall run beats me and I feel sad; again; I really want to play Red Ninja, even though everyone says its bad. I like all the Tenchus, even the first and the PSP one and 360 one; all great. Oh the draw distance is called “rubbish” but it is night time on Thursday February 26, 1998 (there was an eclipse during the day) and in the 32-bit era this is what night time looks like. It’s like saying Leadbelly can’t play because of his guitar and recording equipment was of low quality or that a film is poor due to being on VHS.) Considering this, Dead Rising 3’s camera is more than fine.I have been collecting games since the early 1990s and find many different games enjoyable DR3 is one of the best Zombie Games around. There are no bad genres only bad games but I’m very forgiving of game “faults”; they are very complex creations, but I’m good at fixing them. I’m completely untrained in I.T or PC stuff but I’ve found (at first oddly) my knowledge of logical reasoning and philosophy very helpful at making games work. DR3 was no bother, needed no specialist knowledge. I never ask for help with my PC so I don’t know what many things are called. I currently run all my games on Windows 10 even all the Fallouts, 3 & NV trickiest but now completely stable. Test Drive Ibiza was hardest to get working and I am private about my system specs. Before I made a PC I never thought I’d care.On Dead Rising 3 I have done a few missions, on day 2 of 5 of story, collected a few things but mainly just explored with 22 hours logged I am far from bored. I really like it."
,Recommended,265550,21962213,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,K. V. Bones,Although it was terribly optimized for PC I had and still have a blast with this game it never stops delivering.
,Recommended,265550,21964219,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,greenmafia,Runs great on my rig! Just look on google for 60hz .ini file if you cant handle the 30 hz. Its an easy fix.  even does 3d vision and 120hz!!!gtx 980 amp extreme 4670K @4.1ghz
76561198100277923,Not Recommended,265550,21964597,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,jump jump jump,"can not lanuch, when I took a whole day to fix it, it crash frequencly when runnig. capcom is a ♥♥♥♥♥ company!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198281685264,Not Recommended,265550,21955086,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Ninjabeats420,it was laggy
,Recommended,265550,21955702,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Lt Khaotic,"i love the dead rising series, this game is okay not really a fan of the storyline though. the only problem i had with this game is the character's not talking, changed a few sound settings so far i can hear the characters audio than before"
76561198255077428,Recommended,265550,21920905,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,rikオランダ csgoice.com,just awsomethats all :D
,Not Recommended,265550,21946733,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Tributo,Co-op doesn't work fine if you wanna play with friends.
,Recommended,265550,22055853,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,DiMiTri,awesome
76561198291989444,Recommended,265550,22099936,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Ice_Nine_666,"Great game, Feels like a true sequel to the fantastic Dead Rising on the 360 controls great, though it has sub par graphics, so basically Dead Rising only improved, f I saw this back then my mind would be blown"
,Recommended,265550,22095944,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Vampire Zombie Slayer,This game will keep you entertained for hours. there is plenty of quest todo items to collect and zombies and insane people to kill. the game is fun to solo but if played online with the right people the game is even better. the maing thing about this game is to remember is to find all the weapons mods that you can as that is the key serving the hordes of zombies
,Recommended,265550,21991616,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,HitMan73,"Mindless Zombie Bashing Is So Much FunI Purchased this game during the sale for £12 after reading some reviews and watching a few Youtube vids. I must admit i was slightly cautious due to the negative reviews this has received on Steam but i thought Why Not. I was a huge fan of DR1 on the 360 and was drawn to this as its more open world and with less time constraints.Basically, im glad i did.Personally i have had none of the issues outlined in these negative reviews at all. Game runs an absolute treat on my rig. GTX 970, 12 gig Ram. Graphics are not stunning by any means, but they arent bad either, gameplay and story are humerous to be honest, during my 4 hrs so far, ive pretty much chuckled the whole way. Its fun, its gory and so far has kept me entertained. Call me mental, but after a hard days work, all i wanna do is kick back and slay some undead in the most ridiculous way imaginable, and this delivers on all levels.Anyway, back to Zombie bashing."
76561198027486205,Recommended,265550,21948456,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,zyng,This game has horrible mouse control. It also keeps crashing repeatedly before I can even finish the first mission.Edit - The mouse control was fixed by moving the default 'Aim' binding away from the middle mouse buttonThe crashing was fixed by ending the win10 task 'tabtip.exe' before playing. (The event logs referenced x_audio2.dll crashing and this was the suggested fix that actually worked)So now I recommend it!
76561198094731742,Not Recommended,265550,22435609,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Someday Came Suddenly,"The game takes place in a city called ""Los Perdidos” which in Spanish translates to ""The lost"". Which makes sense considering the game is a lost ♥♥♥♥ing cause. No updates were ever released to improve gameplay just patches that didn't do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ Even if they did don’t bother the game is more of the same and mediocre at best."
76561198171872845,Recommended,265550,30860301,Posted: 31 March,all,Killer Keemstar,Dank!
76561197995145777,Recommended,265550,24480159,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,DKH,"Mindless fun propped up by Psycho boss battles and the sheer glee of fighting hordes of zombies. Dont expect depth, and the story is just okay, but if you need to get that zombie busting itch scratched during the hiatus between Walking Dead TV seasons you could do a lot worse."
,Recommended,265550,24506305,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Samyewl,"Dunno why this gets so much flak, it's amazing. First got DR3 on launch for the Xbone, loved it. Saw it was released on PC but held off getting it due to the ""issues"" I'm not sure if Capcom fixed them or the reviwers were wingeing about nothing because this runs smooth as a black guy with sunglasses. Aside from how it runs, the game itself is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Loved Dead Rising since the first one on 360 and DR3 does not dissapoint, easily in the top 3 best zombie games out right now... don't think about it, buy it!"
,Recommended,265550,24308228,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,SlitheryLlama,"It's locked a 30fps, but you can add a note and unlock it. It's gets pretty buggy still but very playable, just random drops from 60fps. It's a fun game and if you can get it for cheap why not."
,Recommended,265550,24304335,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Nach0,10/10 would fap hard
,Recommended,265550,25174951,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Bearo,The port can be a little clunky but the game does what a dead rising should.Make you feel like you are in a zombie comedey.
76561197979719180,Recommended,265550,24676208,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Roostapha,It's fun but the quests make you go from one end of the map to the other every single time which means it becomes a chore quite quickly. (And there's no fast travel)
,Recommended,265550,25059769,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Zeak_The_Freak,Intro looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥with highest settings. 10/10
76561197983608877,Recommended,265550,25056499,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,shitass,Love this game it's like dead island and GTA had a love child....
,Recommended,265550,20449636,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ShadowScorpionNL,I bought Dead rising 3 and it doesnt work it immediatly crashes...i know its a good game so i still recommend it but steam please gimme back my money and take away the game...If you guys could do that i would be appreciated :D -ShadowScorpion
,Recommended,265550,13229010,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Nika Gengashvili,"მიიინდორშიმე ვარ მინდვრის კაცი, მააქს' ხეივნები, პლანტაციები, ქოხი მაქვს გაკეთებული  მომრავლებულები არიან.წამოწოლილი ვაარ' ქოხში – ამოყოფს თავს და მიყურებს ეგრე, ევეუბნები წაადი არაფერს არ გიშლი, წადი მეთქი – მაინც არ მიდის.მიყურებს, ავდგები და ჯოხ–წავავლებ ხელ, ხო არ ვაკბენინებ არა? ავდგები და მ–მ მაინ' წავა ხოლმე მარა... ეშმაკმაააა.. რავი არაი ძინამ, უცბათ რომ მიკბინოს მერე რაღა ვქნა?კბენის დროს რომ მიკბინოს არა მაშინ ან დანით დავისერავ ან დავი... მანამდე აბა რაარი რქები იმას არააქ რო ხელი ვტაცო – გადავაგდო.წითელია, ყვითელია, ზოგი შავია, ჭრელია, ისეთი ლამაზები არიან რო' აი ნამდვილად მოეფერები, მარა არ მეფერებიან ისე რო ხელი წავავლო და მოვეფერო"
,Recommended,265550,25504059,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Affebonbons,"Anticipate 30FPS unless you have extremely capable hardware, so yes it is poorly optimized. But to be fair, this is still a massively better experience over the original Xbox One version. Better visuals, a typically locked 30fps experience (on an i3-6100/GTX 960 OC 4gb), and with almost all the DLC. If you like DR1+2, this one doesn't have the same vibe, but it still has the same general mechanics with some improvments to certain functions like crafting. If you're skepctical get it on a sale like I did!"
76561198034746837,Recommended,265550,25403932,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Peace,"Assuming you have played another Dead Rising game, you know what you're in for.Asssuming you have not, this may or may not be for you. If you're looking for a heart wrenching story driven game with epic twists and gnarly boss battles... unfortunately, Dead Rising as a franchise isn't for that. It's geared towards... killing zombies. Lots of them. As many of them as you can, actually, in ridiculous and over the top ways. That's the whole game, and the ""story"" or ""side missions"" run second to you smashing, slashing, stabbing, slicing, and sometimes, slutting (with a really... really big ding dong launcher) zombies to pieces. If you want ANYTHING but that, then don't get this game. Personally, I love doing all of those things to zombies, especially the slutting part, so I loved every minute of it.The story isn't super long, so again, unless you're into small bouts of generally... killing lots of easy to kill monsters in humerous and over the top ways, maybe this isn't for you."
,Recommended,265550,25370869,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Genesis,"I never had an issue with this game. I'm a big fan of Dead Rising and all though this isn't as good as its previous titles, it has a pretty decent story line but a crappy ending. It's not noticeable at first, but the game is locked at 30 FPS which does take some of the fun away. However, I still recommend it."
76561198158359098,Recommended,265550,25405656,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,jtisgeek,Really enjoy the game it's very refreashing to kill 100 hundreds of zombies dressed in funny outfits.  I have not had any issues game runs great on my pc maxxed out at 1440p.
,Recommended,265550,25563155,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Questerdaniel,"After tons of patches, I could say it's playable now.SLI issue and framerate cap is still there, but overall performs better than before."
76561198052994705,Recommended,265550,24339031,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,abacus101,"This game i felt was much better than dead rising 2, starting with the bosses, much better made in my opinion. Also with the skill tree it made the flow of the game much nicer, but there could still be a lot of improvement with the game. Still would recommend it any day."
76561198038989879,Not Recommended,265550,24365414,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Rat,"Was decent mindless fun. Wasn't expecting anything more. Than it, out of nowhere, deleted my 15 hours of playing it. All my progress, saves, every ♥♥♥♥ing thing. Seems that this happens to a lot of people. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, man. Any small joy you may get out of this is not worth the frustration. Save your time and money. ♥♥♥♥ Capcom."
,Recommended,265550,24618502,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,omori WHEN,"Fun zombie sandbox. I liked most of the missions and characters, I had a lot of fun tinkering with all the weird weapons, and I enjoyed the unique vehicles.What I didn't like was how long the campaign dragged on. Especially the finale, that mission REALLY overstays it's welcome. There were some minor technical issues, but it's still a solid port.Dead Rising 3 is stupid popcorn fun. If you're into that, go for it. Maybe play with a friend.If you're looking for a deep combat system or well-written story run far, far away from this game."
76561198108724818,Recommended,265550,17050373,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,gamer nerd,"you can beat zombies to death with a ""personal massager"". and if you don't know what that is, your either too YOUNG to be playing this kinds of games, or too PURE/INOCCENT. 10 out of 10! would beat zombies to death with a personal massager again."
,Not Recommended,265550,24192707,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Bird24-7,"Intel i7 3930KSapphire R9 390 with slight overclock16GB RAMInstalled on Samsung 850 EVO SSDAcer XG270HU with FreesyncWith this hardware I experienced unbearable frame drops even with settings lowered to the point where everything looked disgustingly fuzzy. Initially, applying the frame rate unlock fix helped a little, but not nearly enough. Not even Freesync seemed to help. I had heard reports that the game has been fixed over time with patches and this is simply not true, or if it is I can't  imagine what terrible state it was in before. I am requesting a refund.. Please don't waste your time.I absolutely loved Dead Rising 2, even though it had slight performance issues. This is something else though. Hopefully Capcom learns their lesson from everyone that refunds this and gives Dead Rising 4 the proper port it deserves."
,Recommended,265550,25778958,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Zeuxurt,This freaking awsome zombie game :-) its so freaking cool.saint row and gta but I want to kill some zombie x)
76561198019870505,Recommended,265550,27057458,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NeoEgo,"I only recommend it if you're invested in the series. From buggy interactions to lackluster story, this installment's only redeeming aspect in my opinion are the changes made to gameplay. More psychopaths, different unfriendly groups to fight, new crafting system, increased number of things to craft, interesting (yet mostly linear) character leveling system. It really leaves something to be desired - untapped potential, and yet is a good time waster."
,Not Recommended,265550,13703185,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,GrimmTales,I wasted 3 f------g hours to download this game and now i cant even play it because it wont start. I would defenitly like my money back.
,Recommended,265550,13563011,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,EagleEye,"Great game and very addicting. The campaign is alright, but once your starting to play it you'll want to start killing zombies. Awesome graphics, much detailed than the Xbox One version. Not here to judge that PC is better, but Xbox One is a good console. Anyways DR3 is great and all, but the first Dead Rising was a bit better, despite the long waiting time for each mission, thus overall, the Dead Rising series are fun to play."
,Recommended,265550,12017583,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,ＭＡＮＢＵＮＧＯ,"Dead Rising 3, Apocalyse Edition.The performance is apocalyptic.Still fun as hell!"
76561198130955835,Not Recommended,265550,13356406,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Kungfucarl,"If you're looking for an awesome, fast-past, zombie hack and slash. Keep looking. When you purchase the game with your hard earned cash, you'll find you won't be able to play the game for more than 30+ seconds. So good. -10/-10. <3"
76561198110767187,Recommended,265550,15606585,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Fancyflying,It's amazing super silly zombie slaying fun! Just make sure you unlock that frame rate ;)
76561198142961757,Recommended,265550,14049162,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,TheDevil,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game you shuld but it now!!!!
76561198042670239,Recommended,265550,14069669,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,♛Loff♛,Real fun to play with a friend :D recommend this game strongly for those that wanna play the storye with a friend online.ø
,Recommended,265550,14044007,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Cero,Imaginary Acheivement: Sir No-BeefComplete the first chapter of the game with a constant FPS ratio of 5.
,Recommended,265550,14044105,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Burter.★,"best to play with a friend, overall good game!"
76561197999590186,Recommended,265550,27984771,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gel-nana GTFL,The best zombie game ive ever played100/10
,Recommended,265550,28073030,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lunar,its pretty good i guess
76561197970313164,Recommended,265550,28011052,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dedmeatzz,"Zombie mashing goodness, love it...."
,Recommended,265550,28095507,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Deadman Merk,Pretty fantastic all around. Killing zombies with the variety of weapons and vehicles feels so good. Choppy cutscenes and maybe a glitchie boss or 2. Other than that no complaints.
,Recommended,265550,28027812,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,bullet,dead rising 3 is the best zombie game in years
,Recommended,265550,28014548,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,gene,What's there not to love about piledriving zombies into a pit of fire? 10/10
,Recommended,265550,28014852,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CalebAlpha,"Not a too shabby game. Dead Rising 1,2 and off the record are still miles better. So yeah, get it cheap to avoid feeling ripped off.  :)"
76561198163274967,Recommended,265550,27988489,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lo Wang,This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥! the lead character is awesome and the storyline is intense i overall have nothing in this game that would disappoint me and i love the bit of a horror style flavor you added to the game
,Recommended,265550,15892280,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Arnold Schwarzenegger,"If you have the recommend specs or above you will be able to play this game no prob. Its NOT a bad port... people just don't have the specs and think ""WORST PORT EVER DO NOT BUY!!"" which is not the case... Make sure you have the recommend specs, then buys this game. It's addicting and fun!!"
76561198110679353,Recommended,265550,28418192,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Kakatu,"Like the nature of the game, it's fast phase because of the limited time to get out of the city but overall this game is freakin' awesome, graphics are good, yet there are lag issues for sometimes. Worth to buy, thanks Capcom :)"
,Recommended,265550,30977242,Posted: 6 April,all,gaylord,"the optimization for PC arent what i expected, but the gameplay wow, story immerse, forgetable character i love this game"
,Recommended,265550,28304423,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,WOLFy,A game that you mercilessly murder zombie upon zombie hour after hour. Fun (for a while)6/10 (a little repetetive)
76561198066796850,Recommended,265550,12005430,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Tamamo-ñyan,"despues de su desastroso estreno en PC el juego es jugable, esta bien optimizado, es divertido, es rejugable y no tiene una historia vomitiva para ser un juego con las caracteristicas que tiene ademas presenta un gran arsenal de armas de todos lo tipos, formas, y colores para aniquilar a los millones de zombiens que se nos van a presentar, ademas en esta entrega podremos combona rvehiculos, creo que esto de esto no hace falta decir mas y esta por un precio asequible por sus horas de juego y diversion que te ofrece ademas de incluirte las 3 expansiones (las cuales son muy buenas)."
,Recommended,265550,28834636,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Chill,Hands down the best Dead Rising game of all time.
,Recommended,265550,28887832,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,尾キツネ (Kyuubi),Pretty fun and addictive. Online's great banter with a friend. Check it out if you're too broke to buy the new one.
,Recommended,265550,28875513,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Spooticus,"lots of fun, tons of zeds to smash worth the $9 on sale for sure"
,Recommended,265550,28869860,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lurtz,"This game is very exciting and vast in the sense you can literally mow down hordes of zombies, and unlike its previous game's dead rising 2 and especially off the record, you now have a lot more possibilities and this makes it a overall better game. I have been playing this game for not too long now and I have to say, I quite like the idea behind this game, and the game itself. Definitely worth it especially if loved the previous games."
,Recommended,265550,31073099,Posted: 10 April,all,Maddie,"It does have some optimization issues for some systems,but you can just do a google search and fix the issues manually. Other than that this is a great game. If killing zombies in brutally bloody and sometimes hilarious ways this is the game for you."
76561197998875496,Recommended,265550,31178097,Posted: 16 April,all,Hallo-Wheatley,"I honestly can't pull myself away from this game. I had to stop myself at 6am because this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing fun. I was more of a Dead Rising 2 person myself, where killing massive amounts of zombies is a core aspect of the game unlike Dead Rising 1 where they were more of an obstacle that you had to overcome while you did story missions. I gotta say, anything fun from Dead Rising 2 only got 100 billion times better here. Everything did, really--the graphics, the movement, the weapons, the vehicles, and just the gameplay in general. Everything feels so powerful from the very beginning, there's still RPG elements such as leveling and skill points, which I prefer to previous entries' method of giving you a random upgrade every time you level up instead of letting you choose. The vehicle physics are definitely a lot more fluid, smooth, and realistic which makes the combo vehicles a blast to use, sometimes quite literally. You can craft combo weapons anywhere, the tradeoff being that you NEED blueprints in order to make them, you can't just memorize the combination and make things right from the start, and also both weapons need to be in your inventory--unlike DR2 where you could place a weapon on the workbench, go get the other weapon and come back without having to sacrifice and inventory slot if your inventory was full.For the record though, pretty obvious: you're gonna need a strong rig for this game. I'm running a GTX 970, uncapped framerate, and the worst drop I've had so far is from 60 fps to 40 fps. Don't get me wrong, it's not bad, and definitely not unplayable, but if you're a framerate freak, you definitely want to have a strong rig for this game, stronger than a GTX 970. Even with the 20fps drop every once in a while, gameplay is still smooth and not delayed at all. Trust me I've run over hordes of zombies with a motorcycle-steamroller hybrid with flamethrowers attached to it--there's a lot going on there when I roll down the street with that beast, but my FPS doesn't tank so I think that should say a lot itself about how insignificant the FPS drop is.Definitely my favorite entry in the series. Everything is fast, punchy, satisfying, and fun."
76561198142700109,Recommended,265550,30207244,Posted: 26 February,all,eyelessjack35,love this game cool story
,Recommended,265550,28767223,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Lad Blocker,"Absolute bulls***t. When I purchased the game, It said I met the requirements. When I launched it, it was a completely different story. I get an extremely low frame rate on max and on low settings alike there is no difference whatsoever. To make sure I'm not having a schizophrenic episode and I am indeed seeing that this should be able to run on my PC I checked ""systemrequirementslab"", which detects your system's hardware and checks if you can run the game, and of course, my system passed. The lag is so bad It's on par with Saints Row 2's legendary godawful optimization. That's a damn shame, because even though I get only 5-25 FPS, It's still an incredibly fun game. If you have a console get it on that, avoid this horrendous port.Oh wait excuse me for being such a knobhead apperantly the framerate is capped at an akward framerate of 5-25. A simple fix later and everything is fine. Grab a friend and you'll have many hours of enjoyment. Too bad I don't have any.."
,Recommended,265550,17003542,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Elkinda,i played this game alone and i wanted to kill myself (in real life)i found a real friend who also had this game and we played it. that was fantastic this game is a friend-must-game.i give it a B / A ---- Game On!!!
,Recommended,265550,22144978,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ravingrowan,WELCOME TO THE FAMILY SON﻿oh wrong game
76561198205431325,Recommended,265550,30305529,Posted: 3 March,all,I_Wanna_Be_Hef,"I am somewhat new to the series.  But, I found out how much I love this game.  I really think this it has an incredible value now and a lengthy storyline with many side-quests.  And, I learned to use my time well during this game because you only get so long for each side mission, and the long-mission has a timeline too.  Which I didn't follow and learned that I need to from now on.  Anyway, great game and something that I keep coming back to and playing.Much, much better (I think) than the prior DR2 (which I played a little on Xbox), but I wasn't as impressed with it as I am with this game.  Very good value now (more INCREDIBLE VALUE) for the price ... Thanks Capcom & Steam !!!"
76561198310832550,Recommended,265550,27920761,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BUBU,very fun game recommend to buy it
,Recommended,265550,17166939,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,PhoenixDIE,"Edit : Ok, Im changing my No to a YES! This game is Great! the gameplay is fun and the story slowly starts to suck ya in so you want to see more! My Neg review from a wile back was with a crossfire setup which im asuming this game doesnt handle well. Im running a GTX 1080 Hybrid now and this game runs smooth as butter. But please read my lower review just incase your running a sli or a Crossfire setup. This game might not like you or your hardware. And im out :DYup, very poorly optimized. Cant run this game and my machine is top notch. running 2 MSI 7970 Lightning BE editions and still. glitches lots with very poor framerates. Not sure why as my machine runs every other game i through at it without these kinda problems. Even when turning game graphics to LOW setting it still has alot of graphic issues wile trying to play. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198171538535,Not Recommended,265550,29279939,Posted: 15 January,all,Packers99991,This game was very fun at the begining but at chapter 4 the zombies werent as scary their were more minor anoynaces and it suffers from the same stuff the walking dead is going through focusing on the humans and the zombies and to add on to that the boss fight for the loaders is the one of the hardest boss battles i faced. CAUSE THE ♥♥♥♥ING FIRE AND THE GODANM LOADERS ♥♥♥♥ING THROUGH YOU INTO IT OVER AND OVER THE SAME ♥♥♥♥ING TACTICS. Also for me it feels like nick is like connor kenway. HES A GOODY TWO SHOES with barely any comedy. When he meets new NPCS he just says sure ill help no matter not saying thats a bad thing it prob just me. But their is online co op so if you got buddy tell him to play with you. ALSO once your in the late game its running sim you ♥♥♥♥ing run all over godanm map over and over. ITS ♥♥♥♥ING TORTURE TO ♥♥♥♥ING GO THE BOTOM OF THE MAP THEN RUN UP TO THE TOP THEN RUN BACK RINCE AND REAPEAT FOR A WHILE OF THE GAME! Now im not saying the game is all that bad the combo weapons are fun and creative. Also it did feel like shadow of mordor or orcs must die 2 in the way you get all the dlc and god weapons from the other dlc. Also it did feel like a gta 5 clone for driving except that their were so few cars and combo cars. Also this is coming from a person who has NEVER EVER played a deadrising game ever! SO IN THE END it ends up AT  76%. Its a fun game but if you buy it do during a sale cause you dont need to rush out and buy it!
76561198085488806,Recommended,265550,30476277,Posted: 12 March,all,UltraRandomPlayer,I don't get why does this game get so much hate i like it and i know it's different from DR1 and 2 but different does not mean BAD. There are some pros and cons like driving is not that good but still not bad so give DR3 a chance before hating it (this is my first ''serious'' review)
,Recommended,265550,32197747,Posted: 5 June,all,Apple853,"I have played all of the Dead Rising games and suprisingly, this is the game that I dislike the most. Due to the open map, I feel that there is too much going on at once. That's more of a personal preference, really. I do better when there is a clear objective and not tons of side-objectives popping up all around me. I also think the controls are difficult and that could be because of the poor PC port. If you like Dead Island and games like that, then I would buy this one. Overall, it is neat to play a zombie game in a city with a lot to do; however, because of the vast amount of things to do, it makes me a little overwhelmed."
76561198061861525,Recommended,265550,28724585,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,macey52,Amazing game.
76561198012236398,Recommended,265550,28734623,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hello,"Good game, there are a few bugs like a 'zoom' bug that constantly brings you out of the aim down the wepon sights. I was weary about buying it because some of the revies were actauly pretty bad in the negative, but i bought it at -70% off during 2016 winter sale.Definetly worth the 10$ i spent. Althoguh i wouldn't prolly buy at 35$. to wait till its on sale and its easily a few hours of fun.Cheaper then the movies. and more fun."
76561198093616670,Recommended,265550,28413595,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Brobacca741,Really enjoyable and the new game mechanics are easy to use on the go
76561198048453515,Not Recommended,265550,26186708,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,cavemanlawyer7,"There is nothing worse than a good game made unplayable by bugs. I would have given this game a good review and recommended it to others until I hit a game breaking bug and can't play any further. Had I researched these bugs before buying I would have skipped this game and saved my money, which is what I strongly recommend you do. I would gladly change my review if the developer would fix these issues and let me finish the game."
76561198058397679,Not Recommended,265550,26428190,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,LunchTimeLimbo,"I hate that i was robbed of my money. the game is fun but is optimized so horribly an a10 7850k shouldve knocked it out but my fx 9590 diddnt either even with the 29-x and rx480 even still with my i7 4790k i got a slight increase in performance only when i increased ram from 8gb to 16, this game is such a teaser, i want my money back."
,Not Recommended,265550,28722902,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Abu 3rb づ,"it never work for me. as many other players said the same. i really wanted to experinace RD, but oh well.."
76561197999059715,Recommended,265550,29020654,Posted: 4 January,all,Pilgrimm,"[I got this game for $8 on sale] This game is pretty damn great! Runs very well on max settings on my PC (8 gig Radeon gfx, 3.4 GhZ quad core AMD, 12 gigs DDR3.)reminds me of state of decay, only a bit more arcade-like. Hordes seem to get more plentiful the more you progess through the story. I'm only currently at maybe 25% completion. A nice feature of this game is to take your character back, in their current state, to any chapter you've already played.I'd give it an 8/10. [Would pay $30, but $20 seems to be the right price]"
,Recommended,265550,29076524,Posted: 6 January,all,Grillgrut,10/10 - IGN
,Recommended,265550,29089213,Posted: 7 January,all,Rintrah_Roars,"I've owned this game before and rebought it on sale for a more than nice price. After reading all reviews I was kinda scared for softwarefailures but I have to say it runs great. No Lag, loadtimes are a little on the long side but it never got stuck at any point. Graphics are ok. The FPS cap is ridiculous but it still plays good. Not a fantastic game by any means but at leat it is enjoyable and doesn't require thinkingpower .... perfect for those hung over mornings!!"
,Recommended,265550,29073169,Posted: 6 January,all,MaterialFuture,"Got this game during the winter steam sale, and it was well worth it. I played through the first two Dead Rising games on console and never really gave this one a chance. I runs really well, great characters, and a story to connects the other games. It improves on what the other games felt like they were lacking. You get plenty of time to check out the sights, collect items, do side quests, all while doing the main story missions. Solid game, and didn't think so from the reviews. I'd highly reccomend it to someone who has played the other ones, not really sure how someone new to the series would feel about this one however. I enjoyed it, and would be willing to come back to play the DLC missions and co-op later on."
76561198030158706,Recommended,265550,28939644,Posted: 2 January,all,Fralin,"Zombies, explosions, guns and sexual innuendo. What more could you ask for?"
76561198385261290,Recommended,265550,32913150,Posted: 27 June,all,NayJr,good game
,Recommended,265550,32967901,Posted: 28 June,all,TG ツ h1z1hunt.com,its so fun that i can't sleep the next day cuz i am laughing
,Recommended,265550,32932310,Posted: 28 June,all,Ghost,"Early Review,  If you enjoyed DR 1&2 you'll have fun with this. Buy it during the summer sale for no regrets.Pretty much just dove in, lots of new modes, and better graphics. Been crafting weapons and vehicles. And been killing lots of zombies.is this the best game ever? No.Is this a fun little time waster game, with a good concept, and decent playability/replayability? Yes.Is it worth $8? Yes.Have fun."
76561198056298940,Recommended,265550,28890612,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TapWater,"I really do enjoy playing the game, and it's even better with friends. The only thing is it crashes CONSTANTLY, but I think that's Capcom's fault cause they don't do ports well."
,Recommended,265550,28891127,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Seraph Tsukimori,Ok i will be honest with you I will be bias on my review due to recently completing dying light. Compared to this game dying light can easily be said to be the masterpiece of all zombie games but just to be fair Dead Rising 3 is great compared to the other Dead Rising series games. The graphics is nicer and a lot more zombies but the annoying thing about this is that a lot of the areas in the game is blocked off by gates or fence considering the theme of the game where the area is suppose to be isolation due to zombie infestation. There are a lot of blueprints for weapons and cars which is nice. I do feel more freedom in this game compared to the previous dead rising games. After so many areas I'm still quite at the beginning of the game.
,Recommended,265550,28998346,Posted: 3 January,all,KraciunAU,"This game is ALOT of fun. I spent my first 2 hours running around in daisy dukes, covered in blood.Definitely recommend a controller/gamepad. ~xbox360 controllers are cheap nowdays, handy to have for alot of games.30fps cap can be removed in config files."
76561198327016808,Recommended,265550,28994652,Posted: 3 January,all,keegs.dempsey23,"Great game, hilarious and fun. Only wish is that it didn't crash every five minutes, would recommend to those who loved Left for Dead. It's like left for dead and and Tony hawk pro skater had a zombie baby."
76561197972568532,Recommended,265550,29061603,Posted: 6 January,all,de_flipkabouter,"There is no getting around of the game's performance due to a bad port.Had it since release and played a little more recently, it runs meh, the camera is wonky and makes the shooting part tricky for me. The graphics are good, i run it on full option because the difference in frames is very small when running it on low, so why not have a little more eyecandy if you cant tweak it for solid frames anyway, right ? :)The fun is definetly there though, the hacking and clobbering and stabbing/ripping/gauging/blasting/exploding/burning and whatever'ing is just great ! its bloody, gory and sooooo satisfying to wade through an increasing number of zomboids.Id give it a 6 ! could have been THE go to zombie hackfest in its own respect (its not dying light, this is more about fun and farting around imo) but since it runs poor and you keep feeling that throughout the entire game its more for the zombiefans or co-op funfans ! Recommended, it was fun."
76561198057876437,Recommended,265550,28901673,Posted: 1 January,all,SoulOfTheDragon,must play if you enjoy mindless fun from killing thousands. ive only got a gtx 660 n runs perfectly no issuses on high settings.
76561197970493590,Recommended,265550,28913598,Posted: 1 January,all,john,Great game lots of good gameplay with vehicle and weapon crafting. It is addicitve to play and has lots of interesting places to explore.
76561198045335489,Recommended,265550,29202836,Posted: 12 January,all,Skinless,"It's ok, only got because it was on sale, dying light is newer, looks better, feels better and more people play dying light, DR4 only has 400 vs DL 4,000 people playing."
,Recommended,265550,29207895,Posted: 12 January,all,conormcclean66,this game is amazing make sure to buy for sure its amazing
76561198161202190,Recommended,265550,29132795,Posted: 8 January,all,capten racoon,game runs slow but the grafics are amazing the game is perfickt besides the fps
,Recommended,265550,29304392,Posted: 16 January,all,JoJonah Jameson,"I do recommend this game but it's a cautious one as the game has some problems both on the technical and gameplay level.On a techincal level the port isn't that good but it's playable and you can get rid of the 30 fps lock but for me the game went in between 30-45 fps non stop and it made me sick so I just locked it back and made due with the ALMOST constant 30 as the game had a weird habbit of doing hiccups when I got into an empty building,kinda weird but ok as it wasn't constant.The screen tearing in this game is something to be seen as it is so frequent.Another technical problem were the graphics settings and they seem really extensive until you start to try and modify stuff as I tried to lower the game to medium to see if I can get a constant 60 but decided against it as medium looks the exact same as low so you either play on high or low.Now we move to bad game design  and my first complaint is that the game is too damn easy on story mode as I beat the game without dying once so I would recommend you play the game on nightmare mode.The new crafting system is really good and it's a big plus to the game but it's made obsolete by the locker system that was added in.While the new crafting system is good it's a big part as to why the game is too easy I feel that the whole combine 2 wepons of the same category and I feel we should have had some sub categorys to flesh the system out more and give some bone to the game not just slabs of meat.Balance doesn't exist in this game,you can use a super combo weapon and take out one horde before it breaks and you have to craft it from a specific recipe or just take and electric crusher and take out a horde with one swing.The electric crusher is a normal combo that after using 2 points can be made out of any blunt and electrical thing you can find and they are all over the place you just take one step and find one of both.Also in this game the special zombies are a joke they die in one hit and do zero damage,maybe because I played on story mode and I will come back and edit if in nightmmare mode they are harder.Now on to the good:The game is fun and the fact that I played it till the end and wanted to go back and play it again is a good sign but it's not surprising as this is dead rising and the amount of ♥♥♥♥ing about you can do in this games is huge.The story is♥♥♥♥♥♥but in a fun and goofy sort of way,it's what you'd come to expect out of capcom meaning♥♥♥♥♥♥plot but some really solid characters besides the guy who is obviously gonna turn evil because:Why make him likeable cause it's not like we want to give our plot depth,right?I would call that a spoiler but it happens in every capcom game that at this point you might as well play capcom bingo with it.I liked the surprise guest star at that pops up at the end as it tied the arc of said character nicely.The combo vehicles are cool and there's fun to be had of driving them while blasting,burning and running over zombies in  more and more stupid ways,too bad there's like 10 of em and only 3 that are worth a damn.The psychos in this game are consistently good you won't really find one that is♥♥♥♥♥♥maybe one kinda forgetable and not interesting but not bad,like in the other deadrising's where half were good and half were really bad both design and character wise.The main character isn't as good as frank or chuck but he gets the job done and does enough to not become annoying.Overall get this game on a sale or if you don't mind techincal problems and just want some fun,it's not worth it for the full price just due to the techincal problems the game has."
,Recommended,265550,29675870,Posted: 3 February,all,Shmooooey :3,"This is the ""meh"" entry from the Dead Rising series.It was the weakest for me, until 4th came out.Anyway, this game has some technical issues,but they could be fixed.What was added:-HUGE open-world-Combo Vehicles-This game is really easy, comparing to the past entries-Free DLC-Fixed Co-op-Nightmare Mode. Might seem, like it's difficult, but it's not too muchNow, the issues this game has-Story. It was a bit schitzophrenic, but I didn't care about it-30 FPS Lockdown. Can be easily fixed, by Googling-Too much stuff happening or too many zombies on screen-Everything is so BROWN. Not necessarily EVERYTHING is brown, but mostlyStill, if it's on sale, then it's worth a shot."
76561198292788282,Recommended,265550,29691905,Posted: 4 February,all,moseywalker,"Fan of the series from day 1. Aside from a bit of juvenile dialogue, I was pleased with the ease of playing this entry. Lotta fun."
,Recommended,265550,29719503,Posted: 5 February,all,Gopnik Yeelyam,"The game in itself it really quite fun. The only flaw it has is, it is incessently hard to do co-op. It took at least an hour to figure everything out on how to do it. If you have the time for a lot of youtube videos on how to play co-op or just want to play solo I highly recommend it."
76561198057633708,Recommended,265550,30132592,Posted: 23 February,all,Edmund,"I liked this game 100%, waiting the dead rising 4 to release in march 2017...yeah!!!!!"
,Recommended,265550,28872601,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Advocate,I had never played a Dead Risisng game before this one. Long story short because of this game I bought all of them including DR4 that just came out. I am more attracted to realistic zombie games like State Of Decay so I did not think I would like this but after playing it I would not change a thing!!!
76561198274264271,Recommended,265550,22247671,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ω★☆★doge★☆★Ω,grate game evrething i wuse expecting from this game as dead rising still lives up to its name
76561198119573232,Recommended,265550,31052592,Posted: 9 April,all,Bossdog58,i played this with a buddy of mine and we had a blast. we used to play these games alot. after beating it we never went back to it but we had good times. if you love sandbox or slaughtering zombies i recomend.
76561198208909236,Recommended,265550,29577079,Posted: 29 January,all,SamClipz,"I like the games since I am a fan of the series. Theres one crummy aspect I need to tell before you buy. It has more sluggish controls and could be extremly laggy in some casses. Othere than that the guns are great, the combo weapons are awesome. Go AHEAD!!! BUY IT!!!"
,Recommended,265550,29391006,Posted: 20 January,all,Mixairian,"It's got the bad acting, and cheesiness of the first. It has the goofy ♥♥♥♥ing weapons being combined that are overpowered for mowing down zombies. You no longer need a bench to combine weapons. You can also combine vehicles, and they're equally ridiculous.The time trials are no where near as arduous as the original, some folks don't care for it; for me, it's a relief. In place of the strict time trials, they've created a more open world feel where there are collectables for XP, various blue prints (for weapon unlocks), and survivors to rescue to add to your team.I was skeptical when seeing the mixed Steam reviews, but having purchased this on sale, I've whole heartedly been enjoying it. I'm going to badger a friend or two to buy it to play co-op."
,Recommended,265550,28655278,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ascended CammyPlays™,"Pretty fun game.Killing zombies is fun but beware.Saved data will be deleted if you finish main story and DLC so if you want to 100% this game,do all secondary missions before completing main game.A really bad bug but the game is still really fun and I highly reccommend"
,Recommended,265550,33589649,Posted: 16 July,all,BaldDemon,Get drunk and play with a friend (y) super fun
,Recommended,265550,33608306,Posted: 17 July,all,Shadow Man,fun game fun to kill
,Recommended,265550,29892402,Posted: 12 February,all,Into the FIRE!!!!!!!!!!!,"this game has 1 of the most lethal shopping cart and toysnow i agree toys are dangerous,"
76561198073121774,Recommended,265550,33651960,Posted: 19 July,all,Bohrito,"Really Enjoying this game, bashing zombie heads is great stress reliever! Side Missions and Item Collection is not that tedious than it was first look.Although the game itself takes a lot of system resources, fps drops at some point (look for the FPS unlock fix), and sometimes whole game crashes. Would have to say the PC Port is not well optimized, but not as bad as other players are saying that it is totally unplayable, they're are just nitpicking."
,Recommended,265550,20748392,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Capt.Crit Rocket.exe,"90% of the combos involve a giant bear, a gun and other fun accessories.Oh yeah and nightmare mode is the way to go for real skillz.mfw playing nightmare modehttp://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/865/105/e3b.jpg"
76561198195537790,Recommended,265550,26298197,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,redcoolsuperguy,cool game
,Recommended,265550,30390012,Posted: 8 March,all,sen·seï Glitch,"Dead Rising 3 is a Zombie Apocalypse style openworld game. You probably all know this...Pros: 1. Story is amazing, would play this game again.2. Combo vehicles , items , weapons.3. Fun to play with friends.Cons:1. The game is ported from console. (Expect a lot of framedrops even with unlocked fps cap)2. Too much of zombies in areas and unable to turn shadows off... (Actually it´s my PC so yeah... Get a great PC for this game)3.Multiplayer without friends isn´t fun.I recommend this game because of the story and the openworld gameplay, but in my opinion the first dead rising games were better (Dead Rising/Dead Rising 2/Dead Rising 2 Off The Record) - Maybe because I played these on console and that was a pure DR feeling."
76561198155346887,Recommended,265550,34580951,Posted: 29 August,all,lendrick kamar,balls
,Recommended,265550,34491365,Posted: 25 August,all,djgoober,I killed a zombie with a zombie in a wheel chair being pushed by a guy wearing nothing but underpants with a picture of a tool where his tool is...
76561198278273580,Recommended,265550,34454144,Posted: 23 August,all,Magnum Dong,This is a very good game but when playing multiplayer is crashes a ton and the loading screens are long . Extremely fun game though and its worth trying
76561197979407807,Recommended,265550,34453678,Posted: 23 August,all,Virgofire,"While I got this game on a 70% off sale, Dead Rising 3:Apocalypse Edition is definitely worth your money (assuming you LOVE the zombie game Genre AND/OR LOVED Dead Rising 1 & 2 or simply wished for a ZOMBIE themed GTA game )Dead Rising 3 further improves the following:*SurvivorsUnlike Dead Rising 1 & 2, survivors you encounter in Dead Rising 3 are divided into 2 kinds, Stranded Survivors and Special Survivors.-Stranded Survivors: Survivor/Survivors that will go back on their own after you ""rescue"" them.-Special Survivors: Survivor that will  join you fight zombies and psychos given you accomplish their specific tasks.Survivors no longer have to be escorted back to ""safety"" and Special Survivors have a ""stat sheet"" to them which illustrates their individual proficiency in fighting with melee or ranged weapons, toughness, running speed and ability to break away from a zombies grab.*CombosWeapon Combos introduced in Dead Rising 2 is further enhanced in Dead Rising 3 by adding in VEHICLE COMBOS and SUPER COMBOS on top of having over a 100 weapon combos to discover and craft.-Vehicle Combos: While you could combine a dirt bike , paddle and chainsaws together in Dead Rising 2, what happens when you combine an ambulance and a construction dozer? Or a sports bike and a chopper? FUN FUN FUN is what!-Super Combos: Some weapon combos don't stop at just ONE assembly, you could add another component that will FURTHER upgrade your weapon into something EXTRA gnarly (lookin at you lightningfire staff!)*Time-based Quests:This aspect of the game is the deciding factor of whether you'll LOVE the game or HATE it. Either way, quests have a LONGER time span now compared to the previous entries of Dead Rising.*New ProtagonistNew guy (seems to be the youngest protagonist so far), Nick Ramos is a mechanic by trade so combining weapons and vehicles makes more sense than it did on Chuck Greene (Dead Rising 2 Protagonist).  Also, on top of being the typical NICE GUY, Nick Ramos has no recollection of his youngin days and  has an odd tattoo of the number ""12"" on the right side of his neck, so add MYSTERIOUS into his layer of awesomeness.Although there's more content for me to talk about,I'm going to cut this review short because I want to go back in and play some more!9/10 is what this game gets from me! *Goes back to playing Dead Rising 3*"
,Recommended,265550,34457040,Posted: 24 August,all,TheProficy,"Decided to buy this while it was on sale. Never played it before (or any of the Dead Rising games) and it's actually rather fun. It takes a bit of getting used to, but when you get the hang of it you can do some pretty neat things in the game. The combination of weapons and vehicles is amazing and hilarious in its own way. If you're looking for a zombie survival game that has unique gameplay I highly recommend this."
76561198156215833,Recommended,265550,34494930,Posted: 25 August,all,Collqteral,NOICE gama
76561198134126499,Recommended,265550,34474525,Posted: 24 August,all,Crimson,"Gotta admit, it's quite fun although I had a few anal-guzzling moments that made me want to use my nut sack as a slingshot which include how Nick Ramos controls like a damn fighter jet, you'll be sprinting with him then as soon as you make a turn it'll be like controlling a semi-truck skidding on seagul turds. Or you'll be wanting to try and climb up something only for him to smack up against it like he's a fratboy giving his bro a belly bump.Yet, purchasing this game at a discount when it was on sale including the DLC that had been added to it was quite relieving! It's loads of fun constructing new weapons, meeting these new psychopaths that differ from the last game but most of all seeing how much stuff there is to create.7/10Is good.(P.S. Gotta add that when you're playing a game and you want to disconnect from the person that's joining you, well. There's no possible way as far as I can tell so you'll be stuck at a loading screen for as long as it takes for that person to join or for you to get done masturbaiting to pictures of minion porn on discord.)"
76561198019898292,Recommended,265550,34471153,Posted: 24 August,all,jonathanmmack,"This is not a full-throated recommendation. I wouldn't advise people against picking this up becuase there is a ton of fun to be had running around killing zombies, fun weapons to craft and a decent plot to plod through, but this is a mere shadow of the far superior Dead Rising 2.Among the number of disappointments on offer here are the washed out palette, the reduced emphasis on humour and an identity-crisis in which the game just takes itself too seriously. This also extends into a lack of imagination in regard to the Psychopath boss battles, which are not terrible, but feel forced and tired in a way that permeates the rest of the game. In addition, the world map is an infuriating mess of blocked roads and dead ends, which kills the flow of the gameplay each time you feel like you're getting into a good, brain-smashing groove.And yet, there are also vast quality-of-life upgrades. The ability to save anywhere, the ability to recreate any previously crafted weapon, and most importantly the HUGELY relaxed time constraints make it far more appealing (and less risky) to mess about and experiment with an absolutely insane amount of unique weapons and vehicles. The memorable characters of DR2 are missing (well, mostly) but I was still compelled to see it out, although it did feel a bit more of a chore towards the end.It's also a very good-looking game if you can run it at reasonably high settings.Overall there's no reason not to pick this up in a sale. The PC port is mostly fine now (I'm running a GTX 960 4GB and the only thing that makes it really chug is shadows), and it's always good fun to go ploughing through a horde of zombies, but make no mistake, this Dead Rising on the way down."
76561198061832072,Recommended,265550,34007161,Posted: 3 August,all,Mr.Wick,"Great game , I love the deadrising series but this is the only one I played on PC."
,Recommended,265550,24004387,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dragopede,"If the game crashes on you consistently, it's related to issues with audio/pen tablet drivers on your system. See more here (it's the same root cause, even though this is a different title):https://steamcommunity.com/app/265550/discussions/0/490125103628358786/Originally I had recommended against this game, because of the cascade of crashes I was running into (see above).* Now that I've solved the problem, I can heartily recommend this game.The game takes nothing seriously, which is a staple of the series. If you tend to be offended or uncomfortable with negative portrayals of margainalized members of society, this game will bother you. If you can see it as satire (which is the goal of Capcom, as far as I can tell), there's plenty of enjoyment to be found here.Side missions are typically silly and fun, there's plenty of skills to increase your capabilities throughout the game, and there's some wildly fun weapons to use against the hordes of zombies. Companions are generally more trouble than they're worth in my opinion, but they can be of help in increasing your experience (player points, or PP) gain, and there's always the deployable Freedom/Boom/Decoy Bears to serve as capable wingmen.*As a side note, I can also swear to Valve's great customer support with refund requests. I had requested a refund after picking this up and crashing so much within the first hour, but they had the refund issued back to me on the same day. And that's with the request being submitted on a Friday evening before Independence Day weekend!"
76561198062833699,Not Recommended,265550,34121736,Posted: 9 August,all,Zaps,"After completing the main campaign and getting the best ending. After several hours getting blueprints, collectibles and so, leveling up to 37, I thought hey let's play the Untold Stories. Fun part comes when my character level is set back to 1 and all my progress is reset.Fun game, still not recommend it due to this issue. Why bother unlocking anything if the game is gonna screw you anyway. Combine this with the 30fps cap and the frame drops that occur without a reason and you get a very poor port and very bad gaming experience."
76561198054080636,Recommended,265550,34135740,Posted: 9 August,all,Rabid Elevator Midget,"Dead Rising 3 is exactly what you would expect from the series, no real deviation from the established formula other than a much more lenient time frame for doing missions.The only real major changes are the much larger number of combo vehicles and the fact that basic weapons dont do much and the combo weapons are insanely good once you reach their final tier.The game allows you to spawn weapons at weapon chests in your safe houses. You can spawn anything you've picked up before and it gives you a point value for the weapons but you always have enough points for at least four or so weapons.The game is decent fun for what it is, worth it if you pick it up on sale but I'd not go over $30 for it as it's easily beatable in around twenty or thirty hours. I wasn't even rusing and I beat it on the hardest mode 100% on my first placethrough without a guide.The only real weakness is since the game is so easy and the zombies aren't really a threat it gets old very quick and has little replayability once you've beaten it once. All that said it was still decently fun. If I could give it a ""so so"" I would, as it wasn't really good but it wasn't really bad either."
,Recommended,265550,34318759,Posted: 17 August,all,Hanny butterfly,"This is no ways like the first few dead risings, the story took a dive hard, but what it lacked in the brain department it gained in the brawn department. The amount of violence you can produce makes the NANJING massacre look like a joke and its just fun to mess around with friends."
,Recommended,265550,34181621,Posted: 11 August,all,Deathtroth,"Decent Dead Rising game, only complaint - In the DLC I was burning Bodies (a collectable) and after I burned 3, The other bodies in South Almuda were no longer on the map - Which is a glitch but was fine; The First Dead Rising did not have map markers for collectables (Photo Opportunities) and I could just look them up. However around 27 out of 40 bodies, one of the bodies I burned did not count towards the achievement; dying and reloading did not help - the same one glitched again on subsequent playthroughs and tries. I've read quite a few discussions that ended the same way, a little player support would be nice.All in all, crafting on the go, vehicle crafting, and Survivor AI was a major boon compared to the first game - I'd recommend it, just don't be surprised when it glitches the hell out. The Original was on 360, so even with glitches it feels like it's an improvement, and the main story didn't glitch at all so that's a plus.Get it on sale."
,Recommended,265550,29000931,Posted: 4 January,all,Insania,"Well people after dead rising 4 :I this game looks like a masterpiece :IOff to play with a friend again :DI gave this a bad review cause I was mad as hell, not cause its garbage port not cause its 30 fps, but cause after completed the game all my progress was deleted and I wanted to collect everything try new different weapons and guess what I cant I dont wanna play without my stats and how many I killed zombies. What the hell capcom ????Anyway I loved the story I have to say I didnt expect the story to be so good and I got the real ending without using google lol , felt good.As Nick as the main character I really liked him his a dude that cares about othersHad one crash in the entire game, had fps drops from 30 to 21-23 at certain cutscenes, my pc is high end so that is poor game performance talking right there.After completing the game I was sure to give a positive review but losing all my progress really grinded my gears, jezus christ what the hell, this port was sooo rushed and not put any care for pc players.CAPCOM/MICROSOFT:I m waiting for Dead rising 4 on PC I hope there wont such issues and I can finally enjoy a good dead rising game :I cause after now I dont want to play dead rising 3 starting from 0 its boring to me and I cant even continue my collectibles progress or my lv cap.I mean this is basic s.h.i.t lol to make the game save the progress facepalm its not a mountain climb and I am surprised that after so long these issues werent fixed lol"
76561198175520187,Recommended,265550,34340039,Posted: 18 August,all,DaddyDanTheBronyFag,"As a person that has been playing the Dead Rising games since the first game I do think some of the changes aren't the best such as taking away the ability to experiment with different weapons to see what can become a combo weapon and other problems, but I cannot deny the enjoyment that I have had with this game along with the fun new combo weapons you get access to. If there was a half and half rating system I would select it but for now I can only leave it as a thumbs up for what it got right."
76561197961980953,Recommended,265550,34429417,Posted: 22 August,all,Hustler,"Best $9 I've ever spent. Running FLAWLESSLY on my old I7 950 CPU + 970GTX video card. You people complaining about performance have a potato running your games.There's an open world vibe compared to the others (part 1: mall, Part 2: Vegas/Casino). There are vehicles everywhere, and a lottt of loot and a lotttt of zombies. Vehicle and Weapon blueprint combinations are AWESOME.Graphics are excellent. Zero hiccups.This is for the CASUAL player! Don't expect something slow pace like DayZ or H1Z1."
76561198033583425,Recommended,265550,34622621,Posted: 30 August,all,TAEDOX,dead are rising every 3 seconds
76561197970716397,Recommended,265550,28859208,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Cent3rMan Sky3,The mixed reviews kept me away from this game for 2 years. That's a darn shame because DEAD RISING 3 is really FUN. It plays brilliantly on max setting and looks great. Much more enjoyable than Dead Rising 1 and 2 in my opinion. TONS of zombie killing with decent missions in a contained open world.Intel i7-4770K @3.50GHz16GB RamWindows 10 ProGeForce GTX 970 (x2)
,Recommended,265550,34675857,Posted: 1 September,all,{psychedelic}musiclover{420},"So I just finally tried out this game, I loved the first and second on xbox and was very dissapointed when I saw that 3 and 4 had so much negative feedback, especially 4. While on sale I figured I would try out 3 which had better reviews and I have not been dissapointed! Tons of zombies, tons of weapons, a few gameplay modes to cater to different playstyles.Some things are simplified in this game like combo weapons. You only need to make any combo once and you can spawn the weapon or vehicle in any safehouse, but you also get limited spawn points at every safehouse, and you need to let them recharge once you use it up. Bigger combos take up more points so you can only spawn 2 super combo weapons or 4 regular, or 8 random items to craft yourself. Personally I don't mind this, it makes it simple to arm yourself and any followers. It makes things easier but you also can't just keep spawning OP weapons indefinitely, so there is still reason to craft.This game lets you have up to 5 permanent followers which you unlock through sidequests, once you complete a quest that rewards a follower you can then view their stats and spawn them in any safehouse. Some quests also make people follow you so you can have more then 5 at some points. It's fun watching them all cram into a van to drive off and go on a zombie rampage. It's also fun choosing what weapons you give them, they can't use some of the more OP combo weapons but you can still give them all sorts of melee and ranged goodies. My personal favorites are light sabers and flaming swords but some guns are nice too. Their weapons last longer then yours but still break eventually so you have to keep them armed. You also get 3 commands for followers, follow attack and scavenge. That makes it easy to keep them all healthy which is really nice, manually feeding them all to keep their health up would be a pain but they can heal themselves while scavenging.I am only partway through the story so far but I have enjoyed it, watching the main guy in cutscenes with whatever outfit you give him can be hilarious. The Psycho's are also pretty challenging for the most part, though some OP weapons can make them a lot easier especially with plenty of followers and or some friends. Which brings me to the online, I have only played online a bit but it is pretty nice. People can actually randomly join your game at any point, I had a few people spawn to help me with some missions. Sometimes they go off and do their own thing other times they follow you around and help.All in all this game has a solid amount of features, enough that it should take at least a few playthroughs to collect everything, even with the longer timed game mode. Some of the weapons are a lot of fun to use and there are huge swarms of zombies waiting to be obliterated. Leveling up can be very fast if you grind zombies with combo weapons and complete missions/ challenges, which is nice as some perks from leveling include more inventory space, better weapon durability/ damage, more XP(PP), more followers, and more HP which makes things a lot easier."
76561198146424718,Recommended,265550,18203137,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kingsman Candarian,"GTAV with zombies!!! I recommend this game only if you are using the flawlesswidesccreen program with it which will fix the frame rate and field of view. Once that's out of the way it's a blast, pretty tense moments, pretty rad weapons/cars and difficult but fun boss battles. 8/10"
,Recommended,265550,34700300,Posted: 2 September,all,GoEleven,"This game was pretty fun, a bit janky and crashed a few times.  I'd say get this on a steam sale for sure."
,Recommended,265550,34904031,Posted: 12 September,all,PlzKillme,This game isn't as bad as people said it is. The 30 FPS cap is easily fixable and honestly I played with 30 FPS it didn't even seem like it was 30 FPS. People who complain about that is just lazy since its easily fixable. People think its more serious tone but honestly I ran around with a shark helmet and a kids super hero outfit (how is that serious). If anything I think DR 2 is more serious since the outfits give you special traits that make you more stronger but the outfits looks more serious. I can see if people thought it looks serious by the graphics of it but shouldn't judge a game based on graphics. Play it and find out. Now i'll get to my issues I had with the game. DR series  is pretty well known for its bad control scheme I think this had it worse. Moving around was a hassle. Then the camera placement sucks pretty bad it feels like its too close to the screen. Many times I had the rollerhawg and whenever i use the flamethrowers on it I can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥because the flames literally covers half the screen. The game also is way more easier than the others. With the addition of a weapons locker where you literally combine the most powerful weapon in the game and then just visit a safehouse and pick it up from a  locker anytime you want. Not really challenging. Before I end this review I do wanna mention the best thing about this game. NO CONSTANT ESCORT MISSONS. Yes I know the main point i n DR is to escort survivors basically. I hate escort  missions I hate trying to take care of dumb NPCs who gets in the way ALL THE TIME. This game doesn't really have it anymore in a matter of fact you can choose to have it or not. This game is actually pretty fun. A lot more easier than the other DR games but it is fun.
76561198122878652,Recommended,265550,35157859,Posted: 23 September,all,Frankie_Machine,"Fun but gets boring after a while,an the game drops frames frequently."
