user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198079915258,Not Recommended,265590,25186440,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,SubtleCruelty,"Great game and you can tell by the hours put in that I got my $20 worth. I am unable to recommend this game due to the community however (there are a few great people that I had the pleasure of meeting). If you enjoy being forced to join Teamspeak and listen to others calling a newer player an ""idiot"" because of a simple mistake then the community may not bother you. I have been in sales/customer service most of my life so I deal with far worse day to day but I draw a line when people who pay to enjoy their free time are belittled. The only reason I now leave this review, which is soley my opinion, is due to receiving a permanent forum ban w/o breaking any of the Steam rules and guidelines. To those who put in time and effort to create this game; thank you for occupying approximately 40 days of my life.**EDIT**I am updating this review to show appreciate to a member of the developing team for extending an apology based on my experience. My review doesn't change due to the prime aspect (multiplayer) of the game being a difficult obstacle to overcome due to average players, learning curve, and annoyance of hazings (I can't speak of recent experience on this but you can look at the forum discussions and see mods continuously being rude with no reprecussion of their steam violations).To highlight the game itself. This game game me a sense of accomplishment at times. You work cooperatively (and voice comminucation certainly does make things easier but not necessarily impossible) in up to 8 player PvE.  The environment can be very challenging depending on difficulty and options selected. The main group generally stays tight and loots bigger buildings early while a person or two wander to areas less traveled late game. It's easy to become overwhelmed and gameover at almost any point early on. After a good tutor or 100-200 hours this is a memory except on higher difficulties. The time investment to have a grasp on roles, map coverage, wave tendencies is another slight barrier...but we all hope a game grasps our attention for much longer.Graphics are decent but you also need a machine to accomodate with larger waves and monster variations. I can't disregard the game itself...only speak on experience. The game isn't the only part of the picture for me to have an opinion on either."
,Not Recommended,265590,25241361,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Taebrythn,"ok graphics were pretty decent, music was nice, gameplay wasn't too bad. but overall it was ok. maybe i might revisit one day.endless mobs don't bother me but some people might feel overwhelmed by it.one thing that i laughed at was some of the negative reviews because i thought they were just making things up about multiplayer. Then i decided to read posts in the discusions and it kinda of annoyed me to see mods treating people like garbage and noobs. with a small playerbase all they seem to wanna do is alienate people more. calling out people on new mistakes if they're new. i mean come on isn't that the point of being new? they will make mistakes but these people really seem to be toxic. now seeing people got bans it makes me wonder how toxic it really is. it just makes me dislike to even wanting to try. yes i know jerks are in every game but when i see mods being rude then it really makes me not want to try it and not like the game even more.isn't the whole idea of playing a game to bring in people not drive them off? just my opinion though"
76561197966983580,Recommended,265590,24769410,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,middlefinger,"I must admit, this game can be worth the time, but that is a big ""if"".Since the game player ""elites"" punishes many rookies and do not accept people being new.There is this guy in the elite ranks who kills people off in mid game, and untill that moment, he trash talks to them. And if they do not react within 4 secs of what they are being told they get wiped out.and i quote him ""making a tough choice"", which is direct lie, and some of the other ""elites"" seems to accept his stupid behavoir, which result in new players do never return to the game.The worse part is that it seems like this guy (better?) is friends with the developer and therefore continue this cancerous behavoir.This makes the community very small, and shrinking by the day.I have been hosting alot of games, and trying to learn new people up, answering questions (even though it is normally the same ones). as also trying to lead the team to victory (low success rate) and yet i can enjoy myself.I will never enjoy playing with the ""elites"" since most acts like a bunch of spoiled brats, but even though of all the negative the game is repeatly enjoyable.I recommend only because of the game itself, but hanging on a thin string towards not doing so, since the elite community is not very forgiving or accepting new gamers in."
,Recommended,265590,18012386,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Dodger666,"Got into it quite early in the Beta, when it was still a bit of a buggy mess. You still played it, because it was fun. The learning curve is nothing to laugh about, and it is not exactly the noobfriendliest of communities, especially some of the first players sometimes lack the nerves to deal with new players.Once you get into it though, you will have an awesome experience. Highly tactical, once you get off ""Soldier""-difficulty, relies 100% on each teammate.By now the game has several different maps, playable on 4 difficulties and a handful of different modes that change up the experience like the ""Red Storm"" mode where you are weak when outside of buildings, but stronger inside, or swarm and fast modes that increase the pressure on your squad. All with 8 different classes, completely customizable with different weapons and abilities, that have to be utilized harmoniously to win.Protip: Get a mic. Theres a central TRS teamspeak server, that anyone in the game lobby can give you, and coordinating an 8 man team is just so much easier with voice. Learning the game and getting taught will be 10 times faster if you go on ts with one or two of your squadmates.The best way to get into it would be to grab a few freinds, put it on easy, and just jump into it. You will die. A LOT. but thats fine, and you will have fun getting to know all the different abilities and weapons before getting on with the pros who might be more interested in winning than teaching.Sadly, this game has a very small player base, so don't expect to play 8 man games 24/7. There are high times each day, where there are usually 2-4 different games going on, but expect to do some waiting in lobby for members. However, this means that you get to know people very quickly, and if you are somewhat nice and don't harass people, you will be welcomed in the community."
,Recommended,265590,17005461,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Bones,"Been playing this for a while now but only casually.  If you're happy to be a follower and support the team it doesn't get too complicated but if you want to master any particular character it can become a much more rewarding experience albeit frustrating at times.  My main concern is there will always be players who will put unnecessary pressure/blame when things go pair shaped - ignore these bullies and just play for enjoyment.The more I play the more I enjoy the team work necessary to survive, each character has a roll and must contribute to the team.  Once you master one character and find a good setup (yet to really do as I'm not a perfectionist) just swap and start experimenting with another character as you can definitely put in plenty of hours levelling up each character and get a different experience with each."
,Recommended,265590,19148127,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Fail Tank,"I feel bad writing this review, because even with a thumbs up, I feel like I'll be cutting the game off at the knees. But better you know the truth, I guess.First off, the game is based on a WC3 custom map called Night of the Dead. You are space marines prancing around a Mars colony full of zombies. You select a suit (read: class), a primary weapon, a secondary weapon, 4 suit components (read: skill...not trees. Paths, maybe? 5 sequential, mostly passive abilities), up to 3 powerups (which add some bonuses at the cost of other penalties), and you go off to try and survive a ~1 hour long match. You find items and accomplish objectives which will strengthen your team, while endless waves of zombies try to murder you to death. The customization isn't that deep, but you'll find plenty to tinker with if you're the fiddy sort. I enjoy it greatly.Singleplayer exists, but it's not the focus. You control 4 marines and run around doing the same kind of stuff. It's fun. Probably not full price fun, but fun nonetheless.Multiplayer is the real heart of the game. In order to stand any chance, each player must possess basic tactical acumen and practice it for the entirety of the hour. Further, you have to possess some expertise in your class and use the right abilities at the right times, and understand the flow and structure of the game. Put simply, you are going to lose. You're going to lose a lot. It's a very hard game. Some vets will come and say ""oh, no, it's not hard, just git gud"". Well, fair enough, but the game has a very steep learning curve. It's simple to play, very difficult to master. That's a good thing, I think. But still, expect to lose a crap ton.There is a meta-progression, where you increase in rank (which unlocks stuff, and gives some very minor bonuses) and suit rank (gives very minor bonuses to a particular class when you play it), and medals (also small, but welcome bonuses to individual suits). It starts off fast, but becomes extraordinarily grindy to max. But that's OKAY. When I say very minor bonuses, I mean it. The game is much like Left 4 Dead, or Vermintide in that the game is almost entirely about good teamwork, and somewhat about individual skill, and very little about raw stats or xp. About 70% of winning is teamwork, 20% is individual competence, 9% is having enough xp to play the classes you need, and 1% is xp-rewarded stat bonuses. On top of all that, you can prestige (yes, lose one full 0 to max xp amount) in order to get even more tiny bonuses. That said, unless you're a total no-lifer, don't expect to max anything here.Now let's talk about the community. In order to accomplish anything, you will need to bring friends or make friends. I was able to take my little gaming collective of 3 into the game and we died a bunch, but we were able to improve considerably and also not hate or ruin the game for each other. That's pretty ideal. If you can't bring your own friends, you'll probably need to find a few veterans on the forums. The community is incredibly small, and if you just join a public game, you will get 5 minutes in, and then die, and everyone else will die, and everyone will swear a lot and blame each other. You will swear that nobody else in the world but you knows how to play the game better than a chimpanzee with a congenital learning disability. You will rage that it will take you 9650 games to reach the next rank if you keep dying on wave 2. You will go out into the darkness, and there will be a great wailing and gnashing of teeth. Sometimes, you'll sit in the lobby and there won't be enough people to form one lousy game.Yeah. You need to either bring your own community to this game, or else ingratiate yourself to the crusty old veterans who've solved this puzzle ages ago.But overall, I recommend this game as everything about it is a labor of love. They adapted Night of the Dead from Warcraft 3 to bring the game to its fullest potential, to introduce it to new people, many of whom don't even own Warcraft 3. It's certainly not for the money, given the sad state of the community. And the players work on it out of passion too. I see more and higher quality guides for Red Solstice than I see for most AA games these days. The people who make and play this game obviously care about it a lot. There is some talk about how to strengthen the community, but the fact of the matter is, in my opinion, you just can't. It's a niche game, it's a difficult game, it has virtually no marketing, and the story is the narrative version of a toupee. 99% of gamers would take one look at it and turn right around. Red Solstice is a hidden co-op gem, on the same level as AI War. It's a very rare taste. It'll never be very popular, and that's fine, because it doesn't need to be. It's just fun. I like it a lot.One last note: expect to do a lot of research. Many of the deeper mechanics are buried within documentation that exists only on the forum, or one guy's steam guide, and some haven't been written down at all."
76561198064572039,Recommended,265590,17023673,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Frazon#NurAntiMates,"I love this game.If you played the Warcraft 3 Custom Map Night of the Dead ( NotD ) or the various versions of it in SC2, you will feel pleasantly reminded of them once playing this game. It is very much so inspired by them and the gameplay is similar, but also fleshed out and this game incorporates many new aspects, such as the leveling system, the various skills, and the ability to create your class before ""dropping"" into a mission/map.Teamplay is key in multiplayer, but you can enjoy the Solo-Mode as well and the game seems to adjust automatically to the amount of players, making it possible to play it with only a handful of friends or even just two player CO-OP.If you like cooperative missions with great atmosphere ? Get this game !10/10"
,Not Recommended,265590,28274258,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Zero,"The game itself is fantastic. Cool story (well you already know it, sort of) decent graphics, even on my old 4850 GPU, and matching music and sfx.BUT...The devs need to clean up a lot of bugs, it is only playable 3 out of 5 times due to these randomly interfering errors:(pick at least any two - list may not be complete)[ ] Game does not allow for switching to tactical mode aka ""bullet time"" (makes it unplayable, you need this)- edit: In certain game modes this option has to be manually activated during game setup.[ ] Bot Team members stop following the ""follow"" order- edit: in some game modes this requires an alternative key sequence. C'm on !?[ ] Placed explosives cannot be selected and detonated, they simply won't focus any more IF they were placed before reaching a checkpoint and after rewinding to that checkpoint. The whole checkpoint thing does not work, as you are set back in time, yes, but supplies are just as low as in the moment before you rewound. So rewinding to a checkpoint is just pointless.[ ] Health and armor bars vanish from the overview[ ] Minimap is obscured by some key binding hints that just wont go away- edit: that seems to be so on purpose. Even more annoying.[ ] Item capacity in inventory gets over exploited (i.e. ""you have 15 of 10"") - that one I don't mind :)[ ] There are possibly some more, I have played it only for a couple of hours.However the missions are of varying difficulty, some are absurdly difficult - even in rookie mode.This game could do much better and I would really join in on all the praise I read here, if the devs fixed it.The way the game comes now is frustrating, as the glitches really ruin the fun, especially when you have an otherwise good run and have to quit it, just because. There are no save slots.However I may not have gotten down to every aspect of it, as it is an extremely complex game.You really need to read a lot, to get into.Edit: my edits were added after I got a bit deeper into it. So this game is mainly multi player, but has a single story mode. That one I was refering to in my first version of the review.Multiplayer is way more fun. BUT I have never seen more than 10 ppl online at the same time.In multiplayer there is a wide gap as to what you can do as rookie player compared to the pros, so expect to die a lot (and spend the rest of the mission watching) when you do not have a maxed out setup. And that takes sooooome time: There are 8 classes to be played, each has a specific level of 0 to 10 while you as the player have another level of 0 to 25 (that rises with any class). Some clases only become available after you have a certain amount of XP earned with others. This concept is quite cool as personal and class-individual bonuses stack. So once you have risen to a certain personal level (you advance both level types during play), this makes switching to a new class not as frustrating as starting at square one.So, you may have guessed it. This is obviously for ppl that have time to spare and really wanna get into it. Then again I think it's not that captivating (the story is always pretty much the same), but that is up to you. The mission items and objectives are not as dull as in some other games, but, well, after some time... they are pretty much the same.The same in all games to be honest. Yeah, you may switch the map, but the story unfolds all the same.The last paragraph containes the word ""same"" at least four times. That pretty much summs it up.To me this looks more like a decent beta version than a real game.I'll kook into this after some time.I am not convinced.And apart from saying so, it just has nothing to do with mars. It's just for the story.Tested version was 1.175"
,Recommended,265590,24038507,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,B★RS,"I give this game a thumbs up for elitists whom play the game like their life depended on it, good job you salty scrubs lolnow for the game:In all honesty Its a good game but the community (specifically the highest rankers) are a bunch of children when it comes to one person doing something they dont find ""suitable"", that goes for me too, I am also a high rank scrub but I dont ♥♥♥♥♥ or complain about it. Do yourselves a favor, dont listen to them, if its your first time, I encourage you to play it by yourself through campaign and solo multiplayer with 3 npc bot teammates (if you decide to use npc bot teammates dont let another person join) for the first time with the npc player bots alone. Otherwise you wont learn anything, or if not alone then maybe a few friends can join you, either way you'll have fun. Dont forget to read the descriptions of items and the skills you can choose.8.5/10 its not perfect but its a good game3/10 community is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥, though not all people are asshats"
76561198379782980,Not Recommended,265590,31124442,Posted: 13 April,all,yrussq,"First of all, i was bought on a trailer of Chronicles - it was fun, it was dynamic, it was pretty nice looking - and decided to buy Red Solstice.After almost 24 hours of playing:I don't like the game in this state at all. It had a great potential but it's all lost.- It's ridiculously slow while the tactical component is very weak.- It's repetitive in a bad way.- It lacks in-gameplay char developement almost completely (upgrades are so small variative in their effectiveness that i can't stand to critisize)- It's hardscripted in control points of events, and hardscripted in the way it's played- i played some campaign but i can't see major differences with survival which shows the face of the game- I wouldn't comment on some stupid UI solutions like lack of proper status notifications, incomprehencible status appliance from mobs, spacebar unit control, etc etc etc. Tons of ambiguous UI/UX solution.All the play scenarios is the same - you run slowly through the map entering buildings that almost all the time big and has one enterance. And then you go round the corner. For one f#$% minute. Because all characters has movement speed of an injured snail. And with that speed you ran through the whole map for five-six stupid locations, settled in the different ends of the map because devs wanted to annoy you. While being bothered with weak mobs. And after  30 minutes of clueless running(have i mentioned that quests give you nothing? and in the half game you maxed out your level?) they show the big mobs that spawns randomly and overwhelms you. While you can't effectively nether destroy the spawn points nor have any strategic solutiotions that doesnt involve building baricades from small crates you've found. And you have a EVAC module in your inventory that says ""emergency EVAC"" but you couldnt activate it and it's not explained why - certainly who the %^&$ needs the EVAC protocol description when it's only way to win the game. Nice work.So summarize above said there're a LOT of things to do for devs because now it plays like very badly optimized alpha version of the game."
76561197977295842,Not Recommended,265590,29099912,Posted: 7 January,all,PsychoThruster,"I cannot recommend this game to most people. My issue with The Red Solstice is that it feels flawed and incomplete, it is plauged by questionable design decisions and poor balancing combined with a steep learning curve. All that being said the game can be quite fun when playing with a few friends of similar experience level and if you have a group of four or more to play and learn this game with you may find something enjoyable here, but for everyone else I would advise staying away.The single player campaign is serviceable but quickly gets rote, and the multiplayer component is dissapointing due to many questionable design choices and poor balancing that is made worse by the experience gap new players will face when joining a lobby with veteran players. You'll find yourself confused and more or less useless for a number of hours before being able to contribute to the team, and once you learn how to properly play the game you'll likely find the experience is not at all what you wanted in the first place. The game works against itself in a number of ways that inhibit strategy and interdependence of the classes. The demolitions class for instance will be made almost entirely useless due to the abundance of lootable explosives IF the team even decides to rely on these devices, but more importantly you can beat the game without ever placing a single explosive or launching a single rocket. Indeed most players merely circle the map with auto-fire on while the faster classes loot ammo. There is never really a need to set up static defense, and on the higher difficulties where it would potentially be viable, the cooldown on such abilities makes it impossible anyway. On top of this few teams will think about their location in relation to enemy units and often times are in the line of fire of heavy ordinance which makes it impossible to use without killing a friendly. The depth of the class system is diminished by the nature of the game.The other big problem The Red Solstice has is it's pacing. It encourages players to never stop moving. The looting, securing objectives, activating power nodes, etc all happen while on the run. Setting up a static defense is simply not supported, there is no way to lockdown doors, and even items like barricades are useless... not as in poorly implimented, as in the developers never bothered to apply collision detection to them so enemies walk right through these barricades. All slower, and defense oriented classes fail to play as one would expect as a result of this, and indeed the game becomes about patroling the map rather than each class utilizing it's niche focus to support the team. The game really only feels like it has 3 classes, the Medic, and then the rest being a DPS varient, with one acting as a fast looter. This game would be far better if it allowed for setting up actual fortifcations to secure areas and encouraged players to balance offense and defense tactics by establishing a zone of control and having mobile members fetch and secure objectives and luring hordes and large enemies into the heavy fire of your static defense. It would be far better if large enemies required explossive damage to make them vulnerable to small arms fire, it would be far better if it encouraged thinking and planning over running and gunning, especially because the game does not control like a run and gun game. It controls like an RTS, but other than presenting the facade of a strategy game, there is litle strategy to be found.I would have liked to have seen the game rely less on bullet sponge enemies and more on forcing players to manage proper firing arcs or face the deadly consequences. Instead the marine behaves in typical rts faction and spins and shoots incoming enemies automatically. The game does provide a manual aim, but it is poorly communicated to the player and the ui for it is terrible. There is no tactical advance in this game, there is no managing firing arcs, there is no establishing a base of operations, there is no flexibility. Like an rts, you group up and blob the enemy and that is a damn shame.This sort of gameplay was acceptable when it was a modifcation for a 2003 strategy game, it is not acceptable as a stand alone title, and rather than evolve the concept they ripped it almost unchanged from the mod which inspired it. I am hopeful that with the next game in this franchise they are able to get things right, but from the looks of it so far it appears to be a less interesting alien swarm.I would advise the developers to look at titles like full spectrum warrior which required establishing firing arcs and moving the squad tactically. Translated to the rts perspective something like that could work well and better define the pace and balance of gameplay.As a stand alone genre this type of game is still new, and with that comes some hiccups. I applaud these developers for trying to establish this genre, unfortunately the title is too bogged down by the mods that inspired it."
,Recommended,265590,16964418,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Redsli,"EDIT: TL; DR: You like true 8 player co-op? Survival? A challenge that can go to really high difficulties? Leadership and class responsability? This game is for you.Long version: This is by far the most addicting game I've ever played, due to great community, great challenge and great gameplay. I've always liked survival games and good communities. This game has both. It has people willing to teach, people willing to laugh, people willing to play as a team, and now it has lots of new people willing to learn.Each of the unique 8 classes has a role that will make surviving the hell on mars easier. And each with its own unique style of play, strenght an weaknesses.The game has big replayability, randomized missions, locations, monster spawns, bosses, everything to make every single dollar spent on it worth it. Even 1000h+ veterans still get surprised by what the game can show. And constant updates and support from the devs keep the game balanced and fresh.Seriously what are you waiting to buy this game?My review on Early access:This Game is wonderful, I've been part of the community Since Late Notd 2 And then Notd: Spec Ops. The makers of this game worked their asses off during lots of years and they deserved this final result. A true co-op survival game with good tactics and randomization. Threats that will require skill and cooperation of your teammates so you can survive. It's also possible to play alone if you're feeling pro, and the game allows you to have some bonus as you play, it's really rewarding to see your characters getting new modules and getting better stats. It's also awesome to kill big bosses or help your team to do it, and the best part is to evac with your team knowing you did your job properly, and trust me it wont be by evacing before you get to see some nasty awesome monsters.Its on early access and the game depends on people playing but really, if you're active you'll always find games and help people find games aswell. The more people that have the game, the more activity it will have, so get it! Be part of this growing community!"
76561197993409465,Recommended,265590,13746485,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,p0xy,"I found this game by searching for the multi-player co-op tags on steam.  If you're looking for that kind of experience, and like challenging games, then this game is for you.  They are reportedly working on a single player mode, but cooperative-multiplayer is where the heart of this game is.The game IS challenging.  If you are playing at the correct difficulty for your team, you will lose more often then you will win.Even though it's early access, the game is very playable.  They've had some buggy patches but they tend to fix them pretty quick.  The devs are on a fast-release cycle and they listen to the community as to what is and isn't working, what's fun and isn't fun, and they participate in the forums.Now that the game is more stable, the dev's have been focusing on adding more content (maps, bosses, missions, skills, etc) which is keeping the game fresh and challenging.If you can get this game on sale, or money isn't a big deal,  I'd definitely recommend the early access version.  If you are on a tight budget, you may want to wait for release.  I have ~500hours on record so far for a $20 game.  So I'm very happy with the value I'm getting."
76561198037934205,Recommended,265590,12491726,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,xStrategystx,"I want to tell you guys this game is a good one, which it is there's no bugs that I've seen yet.  It's challenging and it reminds me of Night of the dead from Warcraft 3 custom games, but I wish it would be more like swat aftermath :( anyway I am writing this review mainly to tell you that its dead there's usually around 3 people online now a days.. so buy at your own risk."
76561198072444538,Recommended,265590,19106851,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,asoka,"this game is like society under a microscope.. put up to 8 space marines together and see whether they can work together to diffuse a very difficult situation, with various guns, explosives and energy based projectiles :3small but strong community,respect your superior officers..takes a long time to reach the top ranks,so they may know better ways for you to surviveand contribute towards a successful endeavour through mars :)"
,Recommended,265590,23203405,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Taksi,"The red clouds part, the dropship lands at an unknown location; and 8 marines set down on the Tharsis colony. I've been one of those marines a few hundred times, and none of those drops went as planned.Your team will spend the next hour gathering items and supplies, weathering a constant flow of monsters as they roam the colony. This process begins slow, building to a crescendo as the game progresses. During the last third of the round, the danger's so intense: it requires the entire team working together to survive. This formula produces a unique and often panicked rush back to the dropship as the team tries to evacuate.There are two kinds of marines: the ones that make it back to the dropship, and the ones left behind. If you're looking for a game with deep mechanics, replayability, and a challenge, look no further."
76561198038091775,Recommended,265590,16534837,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Amor Sin,"Essentially a Warcraft based mod givi form much like Dota or league. Red Solstice is a squad based game that can be played solo or in multiplayer, both of which are a lot of fun.You get to blast zombies, bugs, insane people all kindes of stuff. Their is a lot of variety in this game, multiple classes, with multiple abilitites. Even though the armory loadout is not the largest each gun is useful in its own way.I personally do not like multiplayer games which is what this game is designed for, however it does have a pretty niffty campaign, as well as a solo ""Skirmish"" kinda game where you and 3 bots you can issue orders to fight through lite-generated missions on various maps.Overall the game is pretty good, I have had few issues playing this game.Note is that the game has a very small community so multiplayer might varry for everyone but if you enjoy solo play as I do there is a lot for you to do."
,Recommended,265590,23388345,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,❦Xeonzsღ💕,"Great game, will get my girlfriend to play it as well since there seems to be nobody on the online servers :(Edit:After having bought it for her, finished the campaign except last mission, did survival a few times and tried a few multiplayer games..I can say the game is great, solid smooth and fun experience, I personally enjoy survival a lot because of tactical mode, but if there were more playing it I bet I'd play multiplayer every day.9/10Superb game, the only thing holding it back is the non-existent community."
76561198040477919,Recommended,265590,16259249,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,EllsBells,First time i played a game like this was in the warcraft online games dawn of the dead (DOTD) i freakin loved this game i had paper everywhere with my saved experience codes which looked something like this (5tyn-7dyhn-ghdj8-sh009) but it dissapeared... I always was complaining to my friends that no one made a game like the one i had i my head and now i DO!Very satisfying game when you choose your marine you become part of a team. You need them and they need you it is very fulfilling knowing that games can be won and lost by your decisions. You have people here that have a bachelor in TRS game physics and mechanics and will figure out all the math eqautions for each and every skill and booster then people like me who get the big gun and shoot stuff. Pretty much found my retirement game here so i am a happy man. Albeit game is not for everyone but everyone that plays is hardcore for the game.Really does bring people around the world together in a common goal to stay frosty and kill zombies.
76561197989766040,Recommended,265590,22813532,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,LadyLyndis,"It is a pretty Fun game, and i know that after so many hour playing it.  Game is hard to learn, become easy as you progress. Lot of replayability. There is peak time to have game up in multiplayer but if you add friends playing that game or ask in the forum they usually don't refuse to play it back with you.I would recommend that game of all the ""Night of the dead"", ""alien swarl"" or same ""kind of game"" lover to play this game."
,Recommended,265590,12690155,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Kin,"When you're first starting out, the game is really hard even on the easiest difficulty setting. I HIGHLY recommend reading the player guides if you want to get any good at this game. Once you know what you're doing and have a coordinated team, beating the game on easy and normal difficulty is a piece of cake. In that case, you might want to try hard or nightmare difficulty, both of which are extremely brtual.The community here is quite small. The veterans are quite welcoming if you're willing to learn, follow directions and get teamspeak. You don't have to talk on TS if you don't want to. As long as you can hear everyone else, then it's okay."
,Recommended,265590,16862634,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,jelloboyfrozen,"I love this game! If you have ever played Warcraft 3 custom games you will be a fan of this! SWAT or NoTD! Etc. All the best zombie RPG games. This game is trying to capture that, in my opinion.  All of the characters are fun and the weapon choices/loadouts are good as well.The only problem is  two things.1. The user base...the amount of players that currently play this is slim to none :( so it makes it a bit lack luster when you want to play it because you need help on missions and just all around fun.2. The price tag. 20$ is a little steep for most people for a early access game with no user base. I got mine on sale thankfully but deters people for buying.10/10 for gameplay and such."
,Recommended,265590,18407020,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ghost Apple,+ 8 different classes+ interesting gameplay+ a wide variety of enemies+ global statistic+ different game modes- One game can take 45 - 90 min
,Recommended,265590,30186744,Posted: 25 February,all,kschang77,"The Red Solstice starts as a pretty typical ""lone squad must defeat hordes of horrific creatures overrunning the colony"" plot, but manages to throw in several twists both in the game and in the plot to make things interesting. While the game can be played as a regular RTS, where you guide the squad and let them shoot anything in sight, by mission 4 or 5 you get curveballs, such as enemies that doesn't appear on sensors (so auto-aim doesn't work) but manual aimming does. Then you get into HUGE enemies (7500 hp!) that basically forces you to utilize each soldier's specialty power, such as gunship strafing, artillery beacon, grenade launcher, HE shells, so you can survive the fight. Gunship strafings can take out a large group of enemies, while artillery beacon can be placed then enemy lead over it so the barrage clean them out. Explosives can be placed, mines can be set, and so on. On the other hand, your soldiers can be seriously hit including poison, broken bones, septic wound, and more. Each soldier can only carry 6 items (some of which can have QTY > 1) so item management can be important as no one can carry everything. In RTS mode, movement controls are limited, but once you enter tactical mode, you can move soldiers about and give more individualized orders. Time also slows down tremendously, giving you time to give precise orders, like go here and kill that (and stay there).My main gripe with the game is difficulty in accessing all four members of the team, as usually you can only access the team leader. Only in tactical mode can you access all four members. This makes for a very awkward interface when you're the kind of guy that goes after every locker, where you could find inventory from bandages to explosvies.  These are the ""crates"" in this universe. But the increased reaction time makes entire mess actually doable. All in all, the tactical mode needs a bit polishing, otherwise it's one fun game."
,Recommended,265590,17020907,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Azurose,"If you ever played the custom Warcraft 3 maps Night of the Dead or Dragoon, this game are those maps. Just as much replayability if not more than those maps and better graphics for sure! :D"
76561198029640083,Recommended,265590,23655188,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Gheist,"Did you ever play the Warcraft 3 custom game Night of the Living dead? That's this game. If not, well it was a blast, unfortunately the save system for reloading your character was....unreliable at best and now is no longer a problem in this game.Now if you haven't played any WC3 mod games, then you're in for a treat, especially if you have a few friends to roll with you.You will have a top down perspective of one squad that will navigate an colony that has been infected with a goofy named virus that turns them all shapes and sizes. You have to get your squad from point A to point B.If you're rolling solo, then you will be able to control your squad individually and give them orders with the tap of the space bar that does not interupt game play, only slowing it which can be useful in♥♥♥♥♥♥situations.Over all, if you wanna wait for it to go on sale, and try it out, not a bad idea, but if you like the WC3 NOTLD mod then check it out."
76561197993623864,Recommended,265590,16997143,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,TheButterKnife,"For anyone who missed something anywhere near the lines of Alien Swarm, this is something that at least hits the lines of ""Similar."" Meaning that this is a highly team based overhead style game where classes actually seem to matter with a sickening amount of fine tuning options available to each of the eight classes.Up to eight players are allowed in a game, though there are specific limitations on how many instances of each class allowed typically either 4, (Assault) 2, (Heavy Support, Medics, etc) or only 1 (Hellfires, Terminators, Etc.) Though as there isn't a infinite ammunition system and a toss mag reload (Meaning anything left in the magazine when reloaded is ""Tossed"" or simply lost.) ammunition can quickly become sparse.The voice acting in the single player game is terrible and it feels, clunky especially in the beggining levels, so I spent most of my time on multiplayer scenarios.Upon which comes my biggest lament with the game. Characters are allowed two weapons, a primary weapon and a secondary. Of the secondary weapons available there is a handgun or pistol. For whatever reason this uses primary weapon ammunition regardless of if it happens to be napalm, full metal jacket, or hollowpoint. Which renders it's overall effectiveness somewhat questionable compared to a grenade launcher, Rocket launcher, or even shotgun which use their own ammunition pool and have vast room clearing capacities compared to a pistol.Granted, a Hellfire can replenish their GAR (Gauss Assault Rifle) from a fuel barrel in this so maybe the point is moot...If one enjoyes wave/endless monsters trying to claw their jibblies while trying to complete objectives in a story-esque fashion and all the chaos involved with it, especially with up to eight friends... then your likely going to sink much more time into this than you had origionally planned. The mechanics of the game are good (With the occasional wall where explosives may pass through) the only failing point so far is to make a truly engaging story singleplayer. Having a bad voice acter (Think like a B movie commando that can no where near sell it or a solid snake impersonator) whom the player is FORCED to listen to quickly ruins any immersion and saps the will to continue.My reccomendation is to play it how it seems to be meant to. As multiplayer. Grab your guns, and your comrades, and never stop firing, otherwise your going to be picking claws out of your backside."
76561197963664525,Recommended,265590,17037104,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Terkala,"Few games do multiplayer co-op well without requiring you to have a friend to play with. This game is great for just hop-in, play a while, and not need to make a big production out of gathering up your friends."
76561198171808873,Recommended,265590,26366858,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,sla_sla10,"Don't get discouraged by reviews of people who get frustrated by dying early. This is a game that doesn't hold your hand, has a complex system and has quite a learning curve. it is advised for new squads to do easy difficulty first to familiarize. It shines on multiplayer but you have to do your due diligence (i.e. Go through single player, familiarize with items etc.) This game is not about grinding through the ranks. A team of 8 who knows the game  can create new accounts and beat the game while they're all at rank 1. It's about teamwork, respecting the enemies (why most new players die is they don't respect the swarm), achieving goals as a team, and playing your role (as medic, tank, dps/carry, utility, scout, forward observer etc.).  If you are a fan of the old top down squad games like Night of the Dead, Undead Assault and its ilk, this game is for you. If you want a challenging/complex game that requires teamwork and has hero-based system, you'll like this game.CONS:- Single player can only give you 10 to 20 hours of fun. Most of the fun is in multiplayer.- Only a few maps to go through. I believe the devs can create a random map generator. There is a tactical advantage though of knowing the map.- high difficulty. This is a team game. If the healer doesn't know what to do, or the tank, then the squad will most likely fall. There is a need for a good leader at higher difficulties.- medium to steep learning curve, depending on how good you want to be.- if you die early, you will be automatically revived if you are new to the game. However, after a few ranks, there will no longer be an automatic revive. A medic or a mission can revive you, but you will have to wait.PROS- Team game. I've played with Europeans, Chinese, Canadians and Americans. A good world we are in. At higher difficulties, you need to talk, so teamspeak would be necessary. There's a different sense of achievement when you defeat a game as a team.- Hero-based system. You control one character, customize it and change its load out. There are 8 classes that each have a role to play. Mastery of a class is a journey and there are different ways to build a single class.- Squadron tactics. You have an enemy sniper shooting at 124m away while a swarm is constantly flowing to your team, what do you do? 3 big fatties chasing you? Fast dogs gnawing at one of your team? Some military squad tactics apply, like leapfrog movements, defensive positions, buddy system etc. The squad leaer has a large impact and responsibility.- Random missions and enemies. Every game is different depending on the mission, the boss spawn etc."
76561198000917255,Not Recommended,265590,30409241,Posted: 9 March,all,Range Killer,"There is alot to like about this game, but I'm not sure the bad outweigh the good.  Some of the biggest problems are the controls, game difficulty, and the beta state of the game.The controls are an absolute pain.  You will constantly default to the team leader when you change control modes.  Autofire will turn on when you select another team member.  Sometimes your team will follow you, sometimes the game will toggle off autofollow.  Sometimes you will put out a squad in tactical mode, then the team will assemble on the leader immediatly on leaving the mode.  All these things feel intentional, however and only make the game feel clunky by design.  Other games might get away with it but as frantic as the later levels can get, you will see your team wipe due to this.I laughed when I saw a note at the start of one level, saying the waves of enemies are NOT endless.  They did feel endless at many points, and that indicates the difficulty.  Too much is not explained, or poorly explained in the game.  Some levels are purely trial and error.  Save points are fairly far between.  At first the game comes across as a frantic, tactical game.  After a few levels it feels like a forced rush to finsh quickly.  Some levels you can slow down and think it out, others you have a set path to victory that is explained in no way, except dont die.So much is odd about this game.  The skill discriptions that say ""Discription Not Found"".  The story explained in a text block in the options.  No idea how to gain experience.  I found a few guides that said you gained experience from looting lockers (???).  Alot of this feels like new ideas, and if it was explained in some way I'd give the devs the benefit of the doubt, but it feels lazy and half finished.  Also, I will mention the hoops you need to jump through to get it to run is staggering.  I spent a few days trying to get it to run, just to give up in frustration.  6 months later I tried on a new PC, and it started up without a hitch.The game has some really cool moments and is addictive to a point.  That point is when you realize its nearly broken in difficulty at certain points.  I'm not really sure the game is worth the purchase price, whatever it is, considering its a dice roll to get it to run.  If you enjoy zombie games, and tactical shooters, it might be worth a look."
,Recommended,265590,17020739,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Renzokuken,Alien Swarm on steriods. The characters similar to Starcraft's Terran infantry with full customization from skills to weapons to powerups to even the ammo type. Really enjoying the game so far. Wish it had a class or ability that allows the character to put down turrents like in AS.
,Recommended,265590,17041562,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,[OT]Nekrage,"Incredible....absolutely incredible.So insanely underrated it is disgusting. It actually sickens me to see this anywhere but on the top 5 list.A fantasticly constructed team oriented survival type game. Filled with tons of room for progression.Supports up to 8 players in a single game, grab your friends, and get them on Teamspeak or w.e you use. I promise you will all have a great time playing this game.For those of you who played those Warcraft 3 Marine/Zombie maps...this will bring back a lot of great memories."
,Recommended,265590,33748563,Posted: 23 July,all,Black Cat,"First of all, this game is based on a starcraft 2 arcade mod, so it will play very similarly to that. Its basically an RTS where you control one character of a selectable class, each with its own abilities. The playerbase is pretty much dead, yes, but the game is still fun when you can get a multiplayer match going.Its worthwhile, only if you can get friends to play it, otherwise its prob best to wait for the sequel Solstice Chronicles. If you are looking to get red soltice, and since the multiplayer is very unpopulated (about 10 to 15 people online per day), I would recommend you wait for a 75% off, or higher sale."
,Recommended,265590,11361951,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,El Capitán Victorio,"Let me tell you something straightaway: you're going to die, no two ways about it; either it'll be some jackaloon in your squad with an itchy trigger finger and a grenade launcher, or it'll be a bio-engineered thunderbeast from the seventieth dimension of Hentai Mountain using its tentacles on you in ways it's best not to describe in polite company. Your death is more or less inevitable.The question is: How are you going to face that death?Crying like a coward and blaming your teammates for leaving you stranded in a distant corner because you wanted that shiny little +5% to weapon damage, the legion of GWAR fans on your tail be damned?Laughing at the ludicrous nature of the spiky-humpbeast which is making your backside its domain?Screaming bloody murder as you drop a SHIVA TacNuke device on your now overrun position?Staring in mute amazement, your head ripped clean off and sailing through the air, as that jackass whose been surviving alone the entire game activates the Evac and then gets there first, spawning wave after wave of the gigantic 'hatchlings' which have just de-crowned you?Sobbing deeply and sadly as your small, insignificant life snuffed out before it even began, kicked at random by lobby host after lobby host for no reason other than the fact that they like skulls and your name had one next to it?You will die, it's as simple and indifferent as that. But how you face that death? That choice is yours.1/10 Team AI sucks.11/10 Rock and Roll Music when bad things are happening.5/10 ""Easy"" is just a codeword for 'slightly (1%) less tentacles'10/10 Getting into an Evac before the entire team and being the only one to survive, Would do again.0/10 Lack of mustaches on Marines."
76561197966625640,Recommended,265590,13533076,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lanvrik,"The Red Solstice is brutal and I wouldn't have it any other way. It's rare to have a game that gives a real sense of accomplishment for completion these days. For the most part, you will fail and fail often. But having those games where everyone works together to pull it off is supremely rewarding."
,Recommended,265590,17053754,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,AtinirVen,"The Red Solstice has become my favorite game on steam. I followed it through early access and have been waiting for the relase to write a proper review. Most early access games that I have bought have been an extreme dissapointment upon relase. I usually won't even buy early access games anymore. However, seeing The Red Solstice blossom into one of the most amazing and challenging tatical co-op games that I have ever played was entirely worth my money.Pros-Best community I have ever played with. (You can join us on Team Speak  ts.game-com.de-There is a lot of replayability-There are 6 giant maps (the only one I know by heart after all this time is central)-There are 8 classes that are very well balanced-Randomly generated missions (also randome bosses if you chose ;)-The Soloplayer missions are fun for people who like real time strageties-The Devs are always updating the game and willing to play with new playersCons-The Red Solstice is very chalenging (could be a good thing if your a masochist like me XD-There is a steep learning curve- Requires some micro-management of skills-Team killing can occur from explosives. (usually happens by accident though)"
76561197991851055,Recommended,265590,16985575,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,keldagar,"The Red Solstice is pretty much the Aliens: Colonial Marines simulation I have always wanted. My search started way back when Alien Swarm was still a thing, but every game I tried lacked something, you know? Well, I for one am glad to have found this game! I've clocked in over 200 hours of game play and I don't think I have play a game for that many hours besides WOW. Defiantly spend your money on this title ladies and gents. I haven't seen a game do this genre justice in a very long timeI came for alien shooter genre, but I stayed for in depth game play mechanics. This game has got it all for sure. Inventory management, intense team work, tactical over shooting, mutant monsters, an over-run colony, nukes, drop ships, flame throwers, knives, sharp sticks...you get the picture. I could go own and list all the features, but that would be better served by playing The Red Solstice (TRS).So here are a few important things to know about TRS. TRS is freaking HARD! It doesn't do a whole lot of hand holding and rarely pulls it punches. If you make a stupid play or think this game is a solo Rambo action game, the monsters will feast on your stupid corpse, and more importantly, they'll eat your friends while they are still alive. How do I not be stupid you ask? Well learning how to play the game better that's how. And how you do that is by dying...A LOT. Get use to the game over screen because you will see it ever day you play. Don't get discouraged though, it's part of the learning experience. Even death you still serve, um, I mean you gain XP for rank and speicalist XP for your class that your playing. The more waves and missions you complete the more XP you gain. And of course you'll get better at the game  and you'll no longer do silly things like trying to figure out how to use a satchel charge in the middle of a huge wave of monster while your whole team is in the blast radius (yes I was that dumb once).Enough of my rambling. I'll see in the elevator to hell, going down!"
,Recommended,265590,22126654,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,shnickwoekenbei,"Don't expect Diablo in space or something like that.  The RPG elements are much more limited.  The game is okay, but I find it more difficult than it should have been.  I would also have liked a bit more variety in the environment.  If you can get it on a special and you're bored with the other co-op stuff, you can give this a try."
76561198083552426,Recommended,265590,20842991,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Silver Drop,"Red Solstice is the type of game I hate to love. The concept is cool, the gameplay feels solid, and its co-op to boot. Except, the atmosphere is different. Back when the game first released and everyone was lvl 1, there were no hard set strategies or metas, just groups of eight strangers yoloing through an unforgiving environment with not a care in the world. When I came back to the game after a yearish hiatus, everyone expected me to min-max one specific character class, or take a hike. Classes like the recon were shunned like the plague, because their dps was less than stellar. I understand the desire to succeed (and I don't fault others for it), but playing one class with one set build for 40+ hours the same exact way is not how I have fun. To each their own, I guess. Unless 7 other people with the exact same schedule want to hang out with a meta noob, I don't plan on returning to this game any time soon.TL;DR Friends are great, metas are not.Edit: Thank you Ironward, Thank you. After another break from this game, I came back to find that the mp bots are actual characters that can be customized and leveled, just like a regular player character. Combined with the tactical mode's slow motion, I can play a mp match solo. Wish I didn't have to play mp matches solo in the first place, but this is the next best thing. I will gladly reccomend this game now."
,Recommended,265590,16981308,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Kuki,"Haven't played too much yet but the overall feel of the game is good, it feels not perfect (animations) but generally very well polished, responsive, with many features and very very motivated developers that update and communicate and post patch logs more frequently than any other devs I have seen. For the last part alone they receive a thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,265590,24289898,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Mooj,"No game has the right to be this much fun for such a cheap price.Enjoy the awesome indie writing, by which I mean hilarious, hamfisted dialog, and a bizarre obsession with Tyler Hunt. Revel inl the enjoyment of a small, real-time tactics game we all dreamed of playing as we played Terran in Starcraft.Most of all, git gud with the game's ridiculously punishing, Nintendo-hard, unforgiving gameplay in both singleplayer and multiplayer. The pubbies in multi are pretty great too, as small games generate tight-knit communities."
76561197987499164,Not Recommended,265590,19407704,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Major_Killz,"It's hard to give this game a thumbs down, but I will because simply this game has no players. And for a game that is supposed to be a ""team"" tactical online game you have to be on at peak hours just to get more than 12 people online. I just logged on a couple hours ago just to see if I could join a multi-player game (online) and only 4 people are online.I don't have crazy hours put into this game because me and my friends played it for about a week together and what I will say about the game is it fun with friends, with online players its pretty Meh without using Teamspeak. The gameplay itself is alright, nothing special. It is a very difficult game, no easy breezy kill zombies/aliens and win (even on the easiest mode its hard). I would rather get my buddies together and play some warcraft3 undead assault or dawn of the dead.Honestly if I had the choice I would not buy this game again, even though it was fun for a while, it lost its sparkle and I would rather put time into other games."
,Recommended,265590,24304367,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Izunundara,"It feels so much like someone made a full game out of one of those Zombies vs Marines maps from Starcraft 2, and did it well. Actually strangely tense quite often, and addictive as hell."
,Recommended,265590,32952946,Posted: 28 June,all,Kenji,"Well, even with all the negativity and go play Helldivers etc, this game has much darker feel and very loyal playbase.ive enjoyed every minute ive played of this game. The controls and setup is kinda hard to learn, but once you do it's alot more fun. The campaign is really enjoyable and mutiplayer with friends? Great!Don't listen to the other reviews and get it on the sale!"
76561198058370266,Recommended,265590,22600477,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Fallacy,Watch out for friendly arty strikes ;D
76561198081144492,Recommended,265590,18162006,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Exarch,Damn great game. not much more to say then that.
,Recommended,265590,12992278,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Lord_Doddka,"Pretty fun game, only downside is the lack of players that still play the game.... gg the same 10 people everynight for 2 weeks"
76561197989570397,Recommended,265590,17063461,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Jercy,"This is a great game that is completely worth the price.  I play this game daily in order to enjoy the people I have met through it.  This is a game about 8 people coming together to work with one another to accomplish what others say is impossible, and I truely love proving them wrong."
,Recommended,265590,17100764,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,BA_Bass,"I wanted to put a couple hours into the game before I wrote a good review so here it goes. TRS is a different kind of game, that goes unsaid, if you are not into working with a team via a Chat client (Teamspeak, mumble, etc) you may see some real let downs come gameplay time. Like any other stragety game knowing what the game plan is for your team is important and without a solid communication system you will see teams in public lobbies fall before wave 10.Good news is that there is a teamspeak server dedicated to TRS (ts.game-com.de) and as a new player to the game I can say my experience went from crappy, to excellent the moment I signed on there and began playing with people. Not only do you learn a lot from more experienced players (Veterans) but you get to learn a lot of things you wouldn't find out by playing in random lobbies with random people.""But Dagnome, there is a in game chat""True, but like most games with built in VOIP it isn't very good or used at all.To sum up, if you are looking for a great team game to play with your friends then TRS will hit that sweet tooth, it can be frustrating because on teammate can screw up the whole game, but it can also be very rewarding like the time me (Medic) and an assault survived together after our team was slaughtered and evaced to safety(http://www.twitch.tv/dagnom/v/7696891)."
,Recommended,265590,16968335,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Funky Whale,"Great game! The multiplayer is great if you have a group of friends to play with. It can be a little tough at first, but I think the challenge is what makes it fun. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,265590,14251389,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ethereum,"I really like this game, but it recently has stopped working in my computer, now i cant play it at all, as everytime it starts to load a game it crashes.However, if this is fixed, it's still very fun, challenging, and overall a good game"
76561198005226856,Recommended,265590,16984390,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Novatech,"Fun game with a lot of replay value, it has single player but is most fun played co op with a full group."
76561198009765546,Recommended,265590,20018207,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Fox,"GAME PLAYThe Red Solstice is a game of three modes, and while the core mechanics are the same, placing the title square in the real-time tactics genre with shooter elements, the way the player approaches each of the three is pretty different.Gamers take on the role of one of the marines who are sent to investigate the events surrounding the massive storm and the damage it has caused, and they will have to carefully use their weapons, movement, placement, special abilities, and other items found in the level to stay alive either to reach their goals or to get extracted.The single player created by developer Ironward is made up of ten missions and asks gamers to carefully control main character Tyler Hunt but also his squad mates, moving around the locations and achieving objectives.The Red Solstice offers a different challenge for each new level, and because the squad companions evolve from one to the next, it's important to develop them carefully and make sure that the entire group is prepared for the task ahead."
76561198068734447,Recommended,265590,16969693,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ThirdShadowOps,Just nuked myself while running for the evac!!
76561198070796207,Recommended,265590,24034838,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,JCDD,My playing hour explains how fun (hard) this game really is. This game becomes increasingly fun if you have one/two friends with you. You need corporation if you try to survive in the red solstice.
76561198012658364,Recommended,265590,17019222,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,LOTSL,8 Player co-op with progression very much like night of the dead which you will find on starcraft 2. You can play solo however if you plan on finishing it TEAMWORK is required.
,Recommended,265590,12890682,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Sirrii,"The game is hard very hard, and tough to get into, but you'll want to keep trying and keep learning to see the victory screen, it will be glorious!"
76561198006533071,Recommended,265590,13260202,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Hard Boiled Egg,"This game is epic, and only in early access.Ignore the really bad voice acting at the start, and jump in. At first you'll be thinking what the hecks going on, not enough ammo, getting swarmed by the creeps and dying fast, but stick with it for a couple of rounds multiplayer, and buddy up to a vet and a whole world will open up to you.It has good progression after the initial steep learning start, and enough different builds of skills, classes and gear to keep you going.This game is true co-op, you go it alone you die, you need your team mates, and they need you.As with all multiplayer games there are a group of jerks out there who aren't worth playing with, but just avoid them and find a good squad to run with.Mechanics are a sci-fi diablo esq, but with much more options in build and pick-upable equipment, including changing fire modes on rifle (single, burst, full auto)"
,Not Recommended,265590,11798686,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,420 Skywalker OG,"Last time I checked, nobody played this game.Being a 100% team-based game, when there are no teams to play with your experience tends to be poor."
76561198369350307,Recommended,265590,33824861,Posted: 26 July,all,Paladin117,"To be honest with you guys this game is diferent. Controls are hard to learn, the gameplay is somehow familiar to Helldivers (a game that apparently everyone is comparing this game to) and there isnt too many people playing it anymore.HOWEVER; All the people who had posted bad reviews about the game have played it less than 2hrs. The people who Do recomend this game have played more than 10hrs at least, so here is my input about it.I love stratigical games. I enjoy being in a tight position and being able to get away with it. I enjoy games that get harder by the level and give you better stuff to clear each lvl with. I enjoy being able to combine and create new clases based on the base clases given. I found all of that in this game.Campaing mode is fun and exiting, multiplayer is not dead altho the amount of people playing isnt as much as it used to be (as I already said), but people who still play are loyal and they are very good in it and are willing to help new people.Dont just say no to the game just bc someone with 30min in game didnt like it, reaserch a little and if you are intrested in the game you should buy it.It will not be a waste of time nor money, let it grow in you."
76561198079436548,Recommended,265590,17035399,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Fraustratedcheese,This game has progressed a lot from early access thoguh I have run into a few more bugs the most annoying one is the voice chat it only workks about helf the time but all and all it is a very solid game that is fun to play
,Recommended,265590,17034764,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,minicheatbook,"The best coop hero RTS around, always fun to see what happens, enough skills and combinations of skills to make any build worth trying.  I very much enjoyed the game but it just needs MOAR GUNS!"
76561198019019982,Recommended,265590,16753676,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Stamos,GREAT GAME! Love it! Hardcore co-op survival at its best!
,Recommended,265590,24307127,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Aon,Great co-op game very unforgiving making people focus on teamplay and the 8 player co-op is amazing so is the class customization!
76561198089774462,Recommended,265590,16003749,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Skyhunter1995,Reminds me of Night of the Dead on Starcraft or Warcraft haven't played it much but it has provided me alot of fun in the short amount of time i played it.
,Recommended,265590,17151211,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,zzSleeper,An unforgiving squad survival game with great coop.
76561198006773050,Recommended,265590,13312737,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,TargetStalker,Really good game. Get a couple of buds together and have a blast. It is difficult though. Ammo becomes scarce.
,Recommended,265590,11422570,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,(GoR)Andrew.zhd,"That's what I wanted!I remember myself playing aWarcraft IIImap called""Dawn of the Dead"", that was long ago. Years passed by, but there was no such game released (at least, I never seen anything that would feel the same). And, finally, they broughtThe Red Solstice!While it's still Early Access, it alreadyfeelsexactlylike it should. You're out in an urban area, which is full of zombies and other creatures that thirst for your blood. You only have your squad and your skills, and you have to learn the ropes all along. Ammo's running out, people get poisoned and wounded, and enemies become stronger wave after wave. Perfect!..It doesn't really matter how many times your squad gets terminated in the game. What actually matters is your experience behind that. Failure is the foundation of success. Soon you learn to use barricades to block enemy routes. You get to count your shots carefully, and to help out your fellow teammates who are out of mags. Wave after wave, you learn more tactics and, ultimately, achieve the goal.Really looking forward to play it, big thanks to devs! Recommended for all those who like tactical and hardcore games."
,Recommended,265590,11334590,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,SnugSnug,"This is a fun game with a lot going for it. Its still in EA and has bugs and optimumisation issues etc but the overall platform is stable enough for several hour sessions with no real game breakers.Gameplay is similar to DoW2 Last Stand and other games of this ilk. Players control their own characters and pick the abilities for themselves but are reliant upon the whole team (upto 8player co-op comp stomp)  trying to achieve a series of objectives while surving progessively stronger waves of enemy.There are several game option variants currently playable with more under development including the single player which hasn't yet been implemented.Controls require some familiarity but are acceptable, chat is text based at the moment but co-ordination is improved by waypoints, markers and map pings available to the 2 leaders chosen before the match. A basic objective compass is in effect throughout for everyone.When you die in match you remain a spectator with full access to the map and text to continue participating and there a re several methods of getting back into the match but nothing so simple as a ""quick"" pick me up by a team mate.The game won't hold your hand and is definietly challanging enough to retain interest.Summary: ""Just one more match"" type of fun."
76561198079020363,Not Recommended,265590,23729197,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,crickit90,"This game remainds me of a Warcraft III Frozen Throne custom scenario called SWAT Aftermath. It is also similar to modern titles like Xcom. It is not turn based, but it keeps to the small team with a variety of classes, equipment, and skills. Skills are unique to the classes, and are powered up individually. That's everything I felt this game does well. If you are interested in this title, I would say wait for it to go on sale for 75% off.A few points that really made this a foul game to me:Exploration of the maps takes hours of gameplay in the single player campaign.During exploration you are constantly swarmed by enemies; there are no waves, just a steady and annoying flow.The sprint hardly increases your move speed (enemies will still catch you), and has a long cooldown.All of this makes me want to skip exploring, but almost all of the equipment and skills are discovered by exploring.Unit statistics, like evade and AR res (armor resist), are not explained, but critical to gameplay.It works, but has a few serious bugs (like enemies shooting at you through walls and hitting)."
76561198008921523,Recommended,265590,11332617,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Korman,"ok, the white screen of deatch is fixed, i really like the game, team was awesome.If you like NOTSD from warcraft 3 / Sc2 maps (the game where you have your marine with specialization / guns / ammo / etc. you gonna be in heaven, its like good old alien swarm but with missions, lights, RPG style character (your rank points and level is saved)I had 1 tiny problem with this game, i would more like to move with AWSD insteed of point clicking.But after you get yourself to the mouse controls, its damn good game."
76561198284883019,Recommended,265590,21348425,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,IoftheStorm,Good game overall.  Some of the players can be elitest jerks though.  It's got a good adminstration base who are updating content regularly; I also think its awesome that there is a Esport aspect to this game with the newly added tournament event.  I'm going to get my money's worth out of this game and I'm recruiting friends.  Just like I said watch out for new player bashing at times but they can suck it!
76561198012072762,Recommended,265590,20459969,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Scar,Simply put: Great game. 10/10.
,Recommended,265590,22902368,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,CheekyHerbert,"Very serious and ""tactical"", if you're new stick together and get on team speak with some people. If you stalk the forums you'll find one or just ask in the lobby :)I had a very good experience playing with some of the ""core"" community, there are peak times when more games are available to join, just keep trying.A match can last upto an hour so get a drink or roll a few smokes before you start!"
,Recommended,265590,23051915,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Syphus,"This game is hard! Like really hard. I love it. Good varied classes and lots of reward for sticking to a class and leveling it up. To get the most out of this game you need to play with people, whether joining a public game or playing with friends. There are various game modes and maps that change the difficulty from tough to downright suicidal. There is a reasonable amount of customisation for each class and quite a few to choose from with different pros and cons to them. There is a lot to this game, it's really challenging and when things go well you really feel like you've accomplished something.Not for the faint of heart."
76561197973843110,Recommended,265590,23363070,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Malice,"This game is.. interesting enough to warrant some kind of recommendation. There are some annoyances and the game is probably not worth 20€ but overall the game seems to be solid in design and nothing really feels half-arsed. In single player the 'bots' helping you park their arses to hold their ground a bit too eagerly and in some situations that is quite bad indeed, but at least they do not wander off and generally speaking they follow orders just fine. I think there is room for expansion in this game to many directions but that is a different story. This game is missing some flaws I would expect in a game like this and that is a good thing. But as noted, the 20€ price may be a tad high especially if you are playing alone."
76561197997499404,Recommended,265590,13378752,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DavidUSN,"Have to say, if you are a fan of the old NOTD, or DOTD modes from Warcraft 3 and StarCraft then you will love this game, they took that idea and made a whole game out of it now.....love it, still in alpha/beta, so can be a bit buggy but still a fun game"
,Recommended,265590,13893831,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,SirFane,Id prefer movement on wasd and fire secondary/explosvies/grenade on mouse 2.but that would change all the controls.Fun to play need players with you though. Preferably on skyle to reel in the Rogue ones.In all worth it.
,Recommended,265590,11270469,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,A.A . Ron Balakay,"It is a good game, with good mechanics but needs a bigger player base."
76561198088597657,Recommended,265590,11355042,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Angryyyyy,"Cool game, allows for co-operative play with other players. My only problems with this game is that after a multiplayer match, it boots you back to the server browser, instead of a lobby with the same players you were with last game. It also has occasional graphics glitches, but overall, it's a good game, 8/10 for an early access."
76561198059031815,Recommended,265590,11376016,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,"""Noble 6""","I HAVE LONGED FOR A GAME LIKE THIS FOR AGES I WANT TO THANK THE TEAM WHO PUT THEIR HARD WORK INTO THIS GAME, I LOVE IT."
76561198007375334,Recommended,265590,11376358,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Abyssal Nicholson,Kicks♥♥♥♥♥ it's like playing Wc3 mini games again.
76561198047345870,Recommended,265590,11395453,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,ThorKingBei,good good good good
76561198021827563,Recommended,265590,15481744,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Ro1andas,wery good game i hope will be more updates with new maps and more than 8 player co op game ;) keep doing
,Recommended,265590,17030339,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,IRONKPANDA,but seriously the control really needs to be improved
76561198049427329,Recommended,265590,11405798,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,David,"Somewhat of a learning curve. Fast-paced, exciting top down survival game. 8/10"
76561198027950700,Recommended,265590,11337782,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ThreeToad,"Co-Op RTS Survival...you control 1 unit in a squad and move from objective to objective trying not to get slaughtered...still very early access, so there's 1-2 maps, but the random missions keep it fresh, and the Grindfilled level system kept me hooked. It's an unforgiving game, so the first time you win is so satisfying."
,Recommended,265590,11347807,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Endothlyne,Not bad at all. This is shaping up quite nicely. Only co-op play currently available but its still a blast. On my third op our party managed to complete the mission and barely escape. We all made it except for one guy who wasn't quite fast enough. I can still see the image in my head now as he was mashed up by some huge monstrosity as our dropship left. Epic stuff.I can't comment on the single player aspect yet but in the co-op you really do have to work as a team. Wander off and your dead. It really is a case of watching each others backs.
76561198022424997,Recommended,265590,11361431,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Adeptus Odren,"Real fun beer and pretzels game, especially if you play with friends. Totally worth the purchase price."
,Recommended,265590,11405834,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,=JpS=Mah Deus,"This is a fun game. It's tough to jump right into but rewards the dedicated. It's unfinished, as to be expected from a early access game, but shows a lot of promise. I would highly recommend it to any of my friends looking for a quality co-op game and quite honestly it'd be nice to have more of a solid crew to play with. The game is in serious need of voice comms though. Teamspeak is an ok solution if you have a regular crew but it'd be nice to be able to communicate with randoms. Hopefully it's something that gets added."
76561198009264549,Recommended,265590,11417503,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[AUT] Jeffreyz,very nice
76561198025458891,Recommended,265590,11517292,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,kaikelx,"A thinking man's top-down survival/shooter.I heavily recommend that this game be played by friends/people willing to voice chat with each other, as coordination (establishing ""supply depots"", sharing ammo/items, maintaining fire discipline [ammo is freaking SCARCE except in bunker defense], designating runners for objectives/activating turrets/points) is absolutely VITAL.While the learning curve is certaintly comparable with Dark Souls (I'm being serious, it's easy once you know what to do but one hell of a struggle to getting there), it is just as fun once you get into it. Unlike Dark Souls, I actually recommend looking up a few guides on basic strategy (target in light = good, target in dark = good luck hitting the broadside of a barn), as the game is not enjoyable if the player has no clue what to do (in which case they can very well drag down the entire team)"
,Recommended,265590,25993270,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Alakazar,Just an great game to spend some time wih friends. Nice and helping community! Give it an try!
76561197975553094,Recommended,265590,11629704,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Ultanemesis,Best game to come out in 2014 thus far and it's still in early accesss! 8 player coop space marines. A must play.
76561198122810172,Recommended,265590,11242618,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,GetYourWetWipes,Its a zomba so good make you want to add and remove friends to your lists daily.
,Recommended,265590,11290933,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Kind Buddy,"UPDATE 9/21/2015: I played this game a few weeks ago after quite some time, and was really pleased to find that they'd improved it. It's still incredibly hard, but that just makes winning even sweeter once you finally manage to do it. At only 20 bucks, I'd definitely reccommend this game. Unfortunately, I don't have any actual friends to play this with, so I'm left having to find pubs, but when I last played, there seemed to still be a pretty decent player base, and I only encountered one or two really trolly players. There seems to have been a clear movement towards discouraging people from going all Platoon on each other, which I personally really appreciate.9/10___________________________________ORIGINAL REVIEW:I can't wait to see the finished product this game turns into; I've really enjoyed myself in the missions available so far.While there isn't a lot of story or maps, yet, this game shows incredible promise. It's got a bit of a learning curve at first, and the difficulty continues to ramp up pretty consistently, but if you enjoyed Dawn of War, I think this may be a game for you. You only get control of one character, but the customization is pretty decent. The game could definitely benefit from added weapons or some kind of weapon-mod system, but there's a pretty good variety so far.All in all, I'd give the game about a 7/10 right now, if it were completed. Taking into consideration it's an early access game, I'd have to ammend that score to a 9/10. With a few improvments/additions, I'd be too busy playing this game to even write this review."
76561198015968558,Recommended,265590,11291355,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Takeda,"Ok so .. The Red Solstice .. apart from the really not great lobby and the 'we shall disconnect and crash the game - also for fun please redo the tutorial level before you're allowed to play multiplayer' problem, this is hard to fault.Think of space marines in any the following flavours: Warhammer/AVP/StarCraft and you'll be close to the kind of trooper feel the game has. You play one character and gain XP in 3 areas. The first is your XP (your account XP maybe) which gives you greater access to classes, weapons and perks as you progress. The second is your class XP - thus if you play medic alot you will unlock class specific 'powers'. The third is in-game XP - you start at the same basic level each new match and level within that match in a fashion similar to Dota or LoL etc. At the end of the match you lose that progression, but hey it's all good.Within the match there are items to be found. You only have 6 inventory slots so choose well and ammo is in short supply so it pays to grab it when you can and share with your team.Visually the game owes a lot to the Diablo 2 / Titans Quest / Warhammer view and it does look great, plus there is a lot of screen you cannot see due to poor lighting. Within buildings there are consoles which activate lights and flares which can be fired or dropped to help further. Also there are ad hoc sentry gun positions you can activate and within bunker mode, the option to deploy 'reinforcement' sentry turrets periodically.think i have done all i can to describe this game - noe go watch a youtube video on it"
,Recommended,265590,12822400,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ampersammich,"If you enjoyed playing the RPG custom games in StarCraft, you will love this game. It builds upon that concept, bringing players into a new world with an interesting progression system and customizable options. It is still a work in progress and I look forward to watching it continue to expand and get even better.For a more in-depth preview, visithttp://fovgames.com/2014/09/01/the-red-solstice-alpha/"
,Recommended,265590,14554117,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Jibbles,"Very fun game, reminds me so much of the Warcraft 3 custom game Undead Assault 2, yet it's a lot smoother and more balanced than that. Solid gameplay, lots of fun, definately recommend."
76561198028436186,Recommended,265590,11235270,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Renfa,"The game is pretty good. You will be running in the whole time and it all matter of team work. I don't like the sound when you open the game. The way they move screen is not really good. It use WASD key to move your game screen instead move your mouse to the edge of game screen ( like warcraft III, Dota 2, etc). Currently, the game still have few bug. I don't see bug in the game at this moment. Mostly are user interface bug. Other than those, the game still pretty good and I think it can get better!"
,Recommended,265590,11288984,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Kyrandis,"Ever heard of SWAT:Aftermath? No? How about Starcraft 1 custom maps? No? ... then darn I'll have to explain if not I've probably already sold it to you.if you've never heard of SWAT:Aftermath or never played those Starcraft1 custom maps you might've missed out. However this is reminiscent of a future more developed version of that.(with greater technology of course!) Where you get to play as certain classes with certain skills and attributes utilizing different weapons and strategies you go around a huge map exploration-wide with buildings you can enter and exit along with power systems that can be activated or simply go looting around and making sure you destroy ""radiation"" blobs around the map or activating radar sensors and setting up fort for an oncoming onslaught upon your squad and simply surviving until rescue or you're overrun and slaughtered. There are of course other game modes like mission mode completing a series of missions storyline based or just task based. Another mode would be bunker mode which is defending a fort area. Survival is simply try to do the main missions in time, get out alive within 15 waves, brutally hard and requires quite a bit of coordination.And by squad I mean you and your friends. This game is thrilling with friends and co-op is abundant. What's better is your classes can level up there's equipment to unlock, and multiple difficulties and game modes being developed. The graphics are nice and I can't wait for further updates.There is no single player campaign quite yet due to it being in development, however multiplayer and the prologue mission is available and there's quite a bit to do already.Enemies range anywhere from parasites to gargantuan behemoths the size of a building.This is written during the game's alpha."
76561197995073658,Recommended,265590,18168021,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Krystyn,"I'm 3.7 hours into Red Solstice and the more I play, the more I like it. Not exactly an easy learning curve, and I was very close to going for a refund a couple times during the first mission.  Tutorial wasn't bad, but didn't cover many things that would have been pretty helpful as a newbie, things that I had to discover on my own.  Now, having done that I'm greatly enjoying it and would probably rate it an 8 out of 10 at this point. Still, having been a computer gamer for many years, I've learned that one doesn't really know the true 'staying power' of any game until you've played it for a week or two.I would encourage anyone who gets frustrated in the early going to keep at it. You absolutely need to use the Tactical Mode a LOT to keep yourself alive.  In Tactical mode you can gain true control over your team, so, for example, you can give direct orders for 3 of your team to cover the one who's deploying satchels or resonators instead of relying on autoaim to protect you.  You can manuever much more effectively, and you also get a more personal feeling about each of your teammates when you're controlling them directly.One key thing (at least for me) that I didn't figure out until my third attempt at the first mission is that the GDD device not only points you to nearby monster spawn sites, it also points you to nearby resonators, which you must have to destroy the spawn sites. Without a resonator when you need it, the spawn sites will just continually churn out mobs, and the more functioning spawn sites, the more mobs until eventually you die a horrid, screaming death.So use the GDD to find the resonators and you'll find survival isn't really impossible.Good luck, and if this has the kind of staying power I think it will, my only complaint may be that there aren't enough single player missions to keep me happy, so I'll hope for some DLC in the not too distant future."
76561197988409167,Recommended,265590,14929253,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,[TSW]Cortex,"Reminds me of a Warcraft 3 map I played, but overall a great game. Just wish it had more hype"
,Recommended,265590,11584514,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,"Easily one of the most addictive games, despite being in early access. Currently has a small but (mostly) helpful and friendly community who all watch, learn and help improve this game into one of the few coop masterpieces of 2014.Currently the early access version has access to most of the class skills, weapons and 2 different maps with wildly varying playstyles, but a refreshing aspect that keeps this game from getting boring is the random location mechanic and varying side and main missions, making nearly every game played a unique experience with fluid results.I could go a lot more into detail about the strong and weak points of this game, but i feel that for an early access title, the overall verdict isPretty damn impressiveI'd suggest keeping an eye on this, because by the looks of it, it's going to take off very well and there's no telling how far this thing can go at this point, but it all points towards the good kind of game you hardly ever see these days."
,Recommended,265590,11550895,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,KOPA,-
76561197965474709,Not Recommended,265590,18156724,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Some Bloke,"Tried to play it in Multiplayer, 1 server in peak time, name of the server was called ""Team Speak Required"". I don't have a mic and I am sure as not installing more programs for some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who likes his own voice. I started my own server and got the percentage that was'nt allowed in the only other server, a whole team. Problem was some of the douches who outted me on the previous server came in, hogged ammo, went ahead, did not explain things and failed the mission by going on a reap all you can. Not a good community online, the only help I got was vets pruning and gearing themselves.Individual players like ""XinjaX"" and ""Hey Buddy"" just troll other lower players for equipment and don't clarify clearly in chat, it is a really lame effort for vets to pick on lower newcomers. Devs seem to favour these players. This game would be good if the community was not so small and ignorant to new players. Gave it so many chances, uninstalled for good, wish I could get my money back."
,Recommended,265590,13826285,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,[G&G] Apokalyps,"A very good tactical action coop game, set in a hardcore world where you won't survive without a leader who knows what he's doing (or if you throw grenades on a nuclear warhead).The early access already features a lot of content, and they're constantly adding more while balancing the game, plus it will feature a solo campaign.If you liked maps like Night of the Dead in Warcraft 3, get it !"
,Recommended,265590,11214060,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,W0KE,"Gunnery Sergeant Alex PortsvilleCURRENT EMPLACEMENT: Search & Rescue, Tarsonis.Information class: Need to know, non-classified.04:32 AM, Central Sector: Tarsonis.Ground drop sucsessfull, proceeding with main objective. So far no signs of any colonists. The lights are out, it's like walking into your own grave. A certain chill lingers in the air, like the crackle in the air after an onslaught.04:34 AM, Central Sector, Power plant: Entrance hallThe walls are covered in slime and debris, half rotten corpses lies swatted around. Some are hanging from the ducts of the roof, body parts and gore litter the floor with countless bullet shells. We counted 4 different types of ammo, possibly survivors.04:35 AM, Central Sector, Power plant: FacilitiesScratch that, 3 survivors. Located the source of the shotgun shells. Poor sod blew his brains out on the bathroom. Door was smashed halfway inn so we couldnt get to the corpse.Power node was smahed up good, somebody must have driven a pneumatic cargo lifter into it. That hole in it was scary big.04:47 AM, Central Sector, C-Sec Brig.Nobody home, weapons rack cleaned out save for some road flares and a pack of shotgun cartridges.The cell housing look to have been blown up partially, 6 of the 12 cells are completely destroyed. The remaining 6 were all covered with pulsating green mass. Tray, our medic pulled us out as his sensors picked up a build up of lethal gas.04:53 AM, Central Sector, PlazaThe place was swarmed with... things. they were covering the floor to wall with gore, slime and god knows what else. One of the two legged ""infected"" was wearing a C-Sec uniform. We lost Mike, our heavy support on the retreat out.Somebody ♥♥♥♥ed up bad here, and T.A.R.A ain't telling♥♥♥♥♥♥We hear them skittering around, screeching. Sometimes a loud thump can be heard, as if buildings are collapsing.*SIGNAL LOST, CONSULT T.A.R.A FOR IMMEDIATE RECOVERY*05:38 AM, Central Sector, OutskirtsEverybodys gone. They swarmed the entire sector, we ran out of bullets fairly quickly. I... I ran and sealed the exit, locking them in with the rest of them. They seem to have bought me enough time to get out.The sector is burning, I've picked up a few signals on the radio here and there. Nobody stays on long enough for contact, or they stay on long enough to scream in agony.The infected are moving, as if with a cause around. Sometimes i see a behemoth with them, dragging debris the size of small tanks after them. They... They organize the infected, sending out scout squadrons.I don't think i'll see the sun rise...*User has manually disconected from uplink*"
,Recommended,265590,11176696,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,ZinthOnProzac,This game is intense me and my buddy are playing it i'm a medic and he's a heavy gunner and just the amount of clutch moments and micro it's good i'd recommend this to any sci-fi survivor and strategy fan ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game! \m/
,Recommended,265590,11842687,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Skankles,"It’s been two years, so I figured I’d take another crack at what there is to say about The Red Solstice…This kickstarter game, birthed from Starcraft and Warcraft mods, NOTD or Night Of The Dead has come a long way. It's a top down, action based, strategy, horror, survival game, where you control a single soldier, in a group of 1-8 players fighting against waves of monstrous AI controlled enemies. There are options to play with a player controlled team of 3 semi-intelligent marines, but the meat of the game comes from the live co-op play. Over the past few months of playing, I can clearly see that the game has gotten a lot better. I’ve tried to touch on the major categories that I personally feel like need to be addressed in this follow up review of the game, specifically the balance, the community, the controls, and the content. This review is critical and doesn’t cover all of the better points of the game, but addresses many of the issues that were the major detractors of the game upon my first review.BALANCEThe difficulty rankings have four stages from an easy mode for new players,to the bleeding edge hard mode for those who have sunk in well over 200 hours of gameplay with maxed out suits. The game balancing has been tweaked to make playing the game reasonable at entry level, but maintains a challenge into the harder modes. Regardless, without a solid team, the chance of survival on normal (soldier) difficulty is still pretty low. The learning curve in the game is steep!  Developing 'run away skills' and learning from tactical errors (death), comes with time - more objectives completed, enemies killed and a successfully evac results in appropriate bonuses. There are no dead weight classes once you become proficient, which is nice to see as well. Some vets and more experienced players may try to build specific teams to their meta, but there are no classes that are never worth taking, which brings me to my next topic.COMMUNITYThis really needs to be addressed based on the very small player base of this game. There are a few great players that are helpful, nice and can make the game great to play. Without naming any names, there was one community member with over a thousand hours who found me when I re-joined the game and was very forward in wanting to provide a positive experience coming back into the game. I have seen a select few work towards raising up new players and helping them with their suit builds and laying out a plan in game to win. They lead by example and remain positive providing a genuinely high quality experience. That being said, some people are cancer. A few veteran players in particular are unchecked malignant growths that have been hanging on for far too long. One example in particular, let’s call him “Lord D-Bag” intentionally fragged a team member without warning because he believed that the team member wasn’t playing to Lord D-Bag’s chosen meta. What followed was a verbal fight and unapologetically run the team into the ground ending in a team loss.This behavior is unacceptable. Veteran players who dictate instead of leading has been a serious problem with the game since the game’s inception. I was happy to see a few friends who I used to play with re-join to have players like Lord D-Bag rudely talk down to them without insight, resulting in a lost player. This mentality of “my house, my rules” has created a small player base, and has limited the game since it's inception. I have to say, fortunately, that these players are now in the minority, but it is something to be aware of and to avoid. If you’ve ever played a game online late in the life cycle, none of this is new, but remember!: Positivity breeds positivity.CONTROLSI tell people, whenever I try to explain this game, that TRS is very reminiscent of StarCraft. It’s like taking a Terran Marine and stripping away all of the base building and having a lone marine weather the Zerg. For those who don’t understand the reference, it’s a game of precision. Many slight movements with precise clicks can make all of the difference. A self induced death is just as easy as getting killed by an enemy with a poorly placed explosive, or a missed healing. The skill hotkeys and team movement commands are straightforward. The issues come from the crappy hotkeys for the game items in your character's inventory and trying to control an AI team. When things get heated, you don’t want to accidentally hit the wrong hotkey combination and deploy a tactical nuke instead of a medkit, and it’s startlingly easy to do. This leads to having to click in the inventory to use every item. That’s not the worst thing, but it’s far from convenient. When it comes to controlling AI when you’re playing a solo game, the controls are the same as setting guidelines for a team in multiplayer. You can press the spacebar to go into a “tactical mode” which slows down time and allows you to click on the other character’s banner to directly control them like you would your own character. The problem comes from trying to control the other semi-AI characters when you have another player. The standard controls completely change for whatever reason. Without getting into the details of all of the flaws, let's just say the semi-AI requires a lot of micromanagement, with the memory of a goldfish and no tactical mode to help sort it out. This is exceptionally difficult to manage when you’re in the heat of battle and you need to precision to stay alive. This underlines the requirement playing multiplayer with people ONLY, or singleplayer survival with the AI team ONLY. Difficult.CONTENTThe amount of content in the game has increased quite a bit in the past few years. Now it has a story driven single-player mode which is focused on plot events leading up to the story of the multiplayer mode. After a single pass on story mode, (which is all you’ll want to do) the game will boil down to its multi-player focus. There are a decent number of maps to play on, which are decently well designed and balanced with their own individual perks and difficulties. There are a lot of customizable multiplayer modes including defending a bunker, killing insurgents, collecting data entries, destroying alien pods and others, with additional modifiers. All of these come  on the back of a waved survival mode. There are also a hand full of different suits your character can wear including a few stand outs like a marksman who has a extremely potent rail gun, a heavily armed demolition class, energy weapon / teleportation specialist terminator and others. They are all unique and have their own perks and uses, though some skills feel underpowered while others are must haves. As stated in the community portion, some players will tell you to change if they find that your build isn't what they want, but in the end, it’s all based on how you like to play, and there are plenty of options to cater to your whim.CONCLUSIONThough this game has some flaws, I personally enjoy the game. I've put in 360+ hours at the time of this review, over 150 more since my first. At this time I’ve maxed out all of my suits abilities and am able to reach the final wave of survival by myself, but I still haven’t maxed out my maximum proficiency (rank). I still have awards to win and higher goals to conquer. As a new player, online guides are available to help get you started, and there are helpful players who can get you proficient in no time. It’s also nice to see that the developers are still on board, hosting Tournaments and keeping the community live! I am happy to recommend this game to my friends and get them engaged. I think it would be great to bring in new players and breathe some new life into this game."
76561198068171482,Recommended,265590,33349639,Posted: 7 July,all,julianogrigoleto,Fantastic game.I had a lot of fun. Totally worth it.
,Recommended,265590,35134905,Posted: 22 September,all,Uter36,Old Garena Survival map become a full game with extended features and CUHRAZY boss fight.
,Recommended,265590,21330240,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Oni_fox,what can i say about this game bought it cause the cover was cool and the gameplay videos looked good now that i have played it a bit like 3 days worth of non stop playing i can say it is awesome to me its feel like a really good sqaud base rpg you go online and select one of the classes which are like your all round soilder and a medic and more. each class if played right can mean the differnce between completing a mission and failing. the single player is really good and the stroy is fun and good and pulled off great. the multiplayer is awesome when you can find people to play with.in short this game is one of them games that is hard as hell to finish a full mission and makes you its play thing but belive me its worth it you feel like your the unit with little ammo holding off hordes of enemies and it pulls you in trying to surive well sreaching for the objectives i belive that if more people gave this game a decent shot it would become as big as dark souls but for team survial. so please give it a shoot it really is a diamond in the rough
76561197974896639,Not Recommended,265590,29531941,Posted: 27 January,all,Troglodyte,"Save your Money! The campaign sucked and the multiplayer is boring and repetative. If your the kind of person who has all day to wait for a boring match and dont mind being microed, teamkilled or kicked for being new or even just playing on someone elses server, then you might enjoy. But I cannot recommend this game for normal people. The tiny cancerous community makes this already lame game unplayable."
76561198052016558,Recommended,265590,18148032,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,ZaP,Just how Jercy put it.Awesome game :)
76561198019387413,Recommended,265590,17067581,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Rzt99,"Is fun. Nice feeling and atmosphere. Feels like a new concept. Tactical Mode works great. It s fluid.Just completed the second mission. Needed a lot of trys. When i completed, in the end of the mission i was really ""in the game"". (Without Drugs) Haven t had that often last times. Great atmosphere!!!!!!!!"
76561197971316077,Recommended,265590,17061915,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,White,Great game.Really reminds me of a standalone polished game based on the old sc2 undead survival maps.
,Recommended,265590,17055260,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Comrade Corbyn,"So being that I was a fan of Alien Swarm, I decided to pick this game up. So far I have been very pleasantly surprised about every aspect of the game.Graphics-wise it isn't the best, but it doesn't look so bad that it is unplayable. It isn't anything like modded Skyrim, but it has it's charms. There is in-game physics, though it doesn't affect gameplay. If your marine walks across something that should be ""kickable"" it will move. Kind of impressive in my own opinion.Gameplay is where this game shines. It seems fairly straightforward at first, but I think it combines the best micro of a MOBA with the frantic pace of Left 4 Dead. There are times at the end of a game where you are running away in a panic as you are being pursued by far too many enemies to fight, but if you are smart and quick you may be able to pull off a victory. In addition the customization offered in character selection is surprisingly in depth. There are 8 distinct classes, plenty of weapons, different selectable abilities for each class, and small modifiers that make feeling your own particular play style out a necessity. Guides may offer a helpful nudge towards success, but ultimately you can play pretty much any way you want and still be successful, as long as you work well with your team.Finally the community. There aren't that many people online as of right now (July 14, 2015). One would think this might create a barrier to playing, but everyone seems super friendly and helpful. There are games starting up every 30 seconds or so, and while you may not have that many to choose from right now you shouldn't have any problems with a pickup game. In addition the dev team is very active with the community. My second night playing multiplayer I saw a game titled ""dev game"" or something like that. I hopped in not expecting much, but the damn main developer of the game was the host. He was consistently asking players if they were having any problems with a recent patch, and seemed to really care about making a game that was good, not just a game that will make a profit.All in all, I wholeheartedly recommend this game to everyone on Steam. Not just because it is fun, but because the people involved with it actually give a damn about making games. If you care about the PC gaming industry, this is the type of game you need to support.9.9/10 There is always room for improvement."
76561198035712382,Recommended,265590,19969841,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Havoc,FORM UP SQUAD!
,Recommended,265590,19988450,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,saxile,"I purchased this game back when it first hit early release and it was very rough, but had a good feel. Fast forward to me picking it back up today after not playing for a long time. This game has came along great and I feel great I was one on the first to pick it up."
,Recommended,265590,20002278,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Døden Dave,I've managed a few hours on this game without being bored yet.Would recommend solely because of that.
,Recommended,265590,17062743,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,oldSerge,"This is a great game, but not for everyone. I have only played the MP mode, and the game shows a lot of replayability, intensity, and teamwork moments. In MP, you control a single marine (usually) as you complete random missions with teammates.The point of the game is to complete as many missions and objectives as possible and then call for EVAC - before getting overrun. There can be up to 8 players in a single game, and each player can select the type of suit (class) and equipment they are taking on the mission. Classes range from Marksman, which is a sniper type of role, to Medics, Demolitions, Flamethrower, etc. The classes are varied, and have different upgrades which allows them to fulfill different roles.And that is what the game is all about - cooperation! As time goes on the enemy gets stronger and more numerous, supplies will run low, and people will start to die. Every moment becomes a tactical decision, and the smallest misstep can spell doom.  The enemy AI is not particularly clever, which is important because funnelling enemies into explosive death traps becomes very important, specially when you are facing one of the game's bosses.Death is painful, because there is no respawns - except for new players. If you are not a new player (determined by some threshold of character XP), then you stay dead until a medic can revive you or a special mission (""Reinforcements"") is completed by the team. (This mission becomes available about halfway through the game, and its availability by no means guarantees that you will be able to complete it!)The graphics and sounds are mediocre at best, functional at least. The music is slightly better. They will not turn you away from the game, but the game wont win any awards for any of these.Playing with friends is where its at - the game has a lot to explore, and that means a lot of death and discovery as you come to grips with the game. The game does have built in voice, and there is also a public TeamSpeak server which sees a lot of action. The community is friendly overall, and it is tight knight as is common with communities that form around hidden gems like this game.There seems to be a good amount of replayability - first because the game is HARD, second because of how missions are randomized. There are I think 6 maps total, but everyone is still playing the first (and easiest!) of these. I actually thought at first that there was only one map and that it was randomly generated. And this is because the maps are very large, and there is so much going on, that it took a few days before I realized map is not random.I got the game 48 hours ago and have not been able to stop playing it. It is a real nail-biting experience, the cooperative aspects works really well, and the community is there to support it and help it grow.All we need is you now!"
76561197981987030,Recommended,265590,17082392,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Joe.Werly,Great game
76561197995260060,Recommended,265590,20412955,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Setokaiva,"I consider myself a veteran of many ""squad-based run-and-gun shooters"" like this one. After all, The Red Solstice is based off of games likeNight of the DeadandUndead Assault II,which are some notable maps/mods for another game called Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne -- a title I've sunk more than 8 years of my time into.With such a ""veteran's perspective"" on the genre, does The Red Solstice live up to the hype? In my opinion, yes, it actually does. The developers have succeeded in making an enjoyable game that stays faithful to the source material that inspired it, while doing plenty to make it stand out from the crowd. Let me just give you a short and sweet rundown on some of the core features that interested me:-----1.)A light system. Whether it be due to the titular storm that is the game's namesake, or simply that your mission takes place at night, every playable map in the game is cast in darkness, broken by streetlights, burning flares left by your team, fires from ignited fuel barrels, and interior lights that you have to reactivate by finding their central power stations in different buildings. If you are shooting at a target in dim or no light, you are penalized with a substantial chance for your bullet to miss and be wasted. If firing on enemies in bright light, like the brilliant radiance of a Flare Gun item, you can expect near-100% accuracy(if you're standing still and shooting).And sometimes? Sometimes, by random event or by a failed mission, the lights in your sector will go dark. That makes it adamninconvenient time to have to fight off a wave of mutants threatening to chew your face off, because the lights emitted by your suit only extend a few meters in a circle around you. If the light isn't enough to make out enemies approaching you, all you will see in the shadows is rapidly-moving shapes, accentuated by guttural roars from the beasts who can track you like a lantern in a coal mine. Without adequate light, your ammo efficiency, accuracy, and overall combat effectiveness will drop like a lead brick.2.)A leader/officer system. At the start of the game, you get to designate a maximum of 2 players (from an 8-player squad) to be Leaders. These players get access to special key commands that let them set waypoints and routes for the team, which show up as bright yellow lines on the minimap that are easily followed. Leaders are also the only ones who can access certain game-changing items and features, like the Safety Zone, which is a beacon that calls down fresh ammo and supplies, as well as a sustained orbital artillery barrage in a circle around the beacon while leaving the beacon itself(and, hopefully, you)untouched. Thus, you won't have to worry about some trolling player activating a full-charge Safety Zone without the rest of their team, or running ahead and turning it on and getting the team killed by artillery.3.)Throwable explosive barrels. No, I am not kidding. Each player has the ability to right-click fuel or toxic material barrels, have their marine/character pick them up, and then hurl them about twenty meters wherever you left-click the mouse. This is AMAZING for area denial, as chucking a few barrels into a narrow corridor can wipe out hordes of zombies with the damage-over-time fire patches or toxin clouds they leave when they explode. Doing this does cost you 30 armor points (you start with ~100 but can get more), though, so you should make sure your shots count.NOTE:  There is a flamethrower-using class in this game that gets an ability which lets him use fuel and toxin barrels to provide ammo for his weapon. Not only that, it juices his flamer to where it now leaves the same clouds the exploding barrels do. xD4.)Dismountable turrets. Sentry turrets exist around the map, which you can either spend time activating one-by-one or, if you're lucky, find a central terminal that'll turn them all on. Once active you can ""disarm"" them(with the right tools/skills), turning them into a dismounted turret that you can then place virtually anywhere on the ground you please. So not only do you get to save turrets in a bad spot from certain destruction, you also get to use them to build your own defensive positions! ^^5.)A nice, streamlined explosives system. A good percentage of the items you'll find throughout a given game will be satchel charges, incendiaries, claymore mines, plasma bombs, and directional primer charges. In case you don't know what the latter is, it's a ""leap bomb"" that scatters a shotgun-like cone-shaped blast of high explosives in whatever direction it's pointed, which is helpfully indicated by red lines so you don't blow your team up by accident. Very lethal to tight groups charging down a narrow hallway.Anyway, the system. Many explosives in this game are external-source-only, which means you have to supply an initial explosion(like a grenade or rocket)to set them off. Some are radio-detonated, like satchel charges or the aforementioned directional primer charges, and need only a quick double-tap of the ""G"" key(by default)to set off. You can disarm most explosives at will if you need to move them or just don't want them anymore, as long as you have the right tools or skills available(the Demolitions class is the best at this). Since you really need the firepower of high explosives to have any real hope of surviving the late-game waves of tough enemies(I nearly got overrun even after dropping atactical nukeon half a wave), it's really nice to have a system that demands so little micromanagement. You don't have to click the bomb or anything like you might in some other games.-----The Red Solstice does have its own fair share of issues, like some wireframe-y animations on certain enemies when they attack, and poor or outright inaccurate documentation on weapons and abilities, but nothing that really turns me off or makes it so that it's chafing to play the game. I mean, I come from Warcraft 3, and that game is old as dirt by comparison to today's titles, so a few little things like that actuallyendearme to the game even more. The Red Solstice has a pretty respectable soundtrack, too, with solid themes all the way from the main menu to the combat suit selection screen to the final, desperate run for the evacuation dropship while the area is crawling with monsters at the end of the mission.All in all? Yes, I think The Red Solstice might just be a winner. If you like fast-paced, run-and-gun squad-based gameplay, or want to feel like you're Space Marines from Warhammer 40k fighting off a Tyranid infestation, this will find a welcome home on your shelf.I give The Red Solstice a solid8.5/10!The reason it's not higher is because the documentation for the game really is that bad -- they neglect to mention that the Precise Fire skill passively increases your movement speed, NOT your health regeneration, for example. I'm trying to fix that by editing the unofficial Red Solstice wiki, but in-game, you just kinda have to play for a while to figure this stuff out. Still, recommended!"
76561197982499921,Recommended,265590,24161548,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Dezus,A lot to like and learn.   I wouldnt be suprised to see non-indie copycats of this type of game eventually.
,Recommended,265590,25252365,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Ciaran,"If you want meaningful co-op where every player matters, replayability, and a challenge, then this game is recommended.There’s 8 classes each with different skills available, and when you factor in the multiple maps/modes and the random nature of each playthrough (not to mention player ♥♥♥♥ups), each game is guaranteed to be different."
76561197978838696,Recommended,265590,11294202,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Jiggawattz,"Extremely Fun! Reminds me of Night of the Living Dead or swat for WC3 Frozen Throne, controls similar to warcraft rts which is a good thing! Quite fleshed out for early access. Get it on sale!"
76561198010267090,Recommended,265590,11372617,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Bupa,"If you're looking for a heavy team-based game, this is the one! Reminds me of StarCraft NotD if you love those kinds of games."
76561198035964670,Recommended,265590,11451296,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Mr. Can Do,"This game is fun to play and I would highly recommend it to anyone reading this post. The game overall puts you in a post apocalyptic setting that is controlled by aliens that have took control of a Mars colony. You objective is to elimate the threat and then evacuate your crew and any survivors to successfully complete the mission. This is hard to do when your team gets seperated, runs low on ammo, becomes swarmed, or if you accidently blow up half your squad like I did. This game is still in developement and is showing great advancements to say the least."
,Recommended,265590,11904389,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Peu,This game is awesome! It has SO MUCH potential... I hope it gets better and better!
,Recommended,265590,13281716,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Happy :),"Very fun game indeed, make sure you follow team mates and listen to people who are clearly more experienced than you . Havent logged many hours in but from what iv experienced this games worth the money and its  only going to get better in time ! just give positive  feedback and help to make this game a tripple a title !"
,Recommended,265590,25244874,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,nukem266,"Overall great game, although TRS relies heavily on teamwork and strategy. There is no room for people who refuse to take advice and help others, mistakes can cost the entire teams life.But don't let that put you off.A fast paste top down co-op rpg, with a decent single player campaign on solo survival mode where you can control up to 4 characters at once.If you don't like steep learning curves then I suggest looking elsewhere.8 player co-op really brings it home for the fora small group of friends starting out to the higher difficulties, with a fully dedicated community teamspeak server, that improves gameplay and helps makes new friends.Small but growing community, the veteran players are always willing to help.""Watch out for the Levi-bush, he's a sneaky one."""
,Recommended,265590,11217616,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Tryptamemes,"I enjoy this game a whole lot, and I feel like I will always enjoy and appreciate it more than people who just pick it up as a ""cool looking game"" due to the fact that it is basically a remake of the ye olde WarCraft 3 and StarCraft/StarCraft Broodwar survival custom maps you'd see onBattle.Netfrom time to time. The multiplayer for this one currently reminds me more of the Night of the Living Dead custom map from WarCraft 3, and let me tell you, they did a damn good job of it.It would be nice if the game locked the window to the screen though, often I find myself right clicking off on to my second monitor in intense situations which gets pretty frustrating (so locking to the primary monitor in use would be a nice feature devs <3 ), but aside from that and some controls that sometimes feel a little clunky (hey it's early access though so that isn't really a complaining point for me unless it doesnt get better at all with final release), this game is pretty amazing. I love the fact that they replicated even the small details, back in WarCraft 3 your group had it's own AI-like dialogue where when a character would say something their name and their ingame progression/rank would come up as who says it, and this game does it just perfectly, so for example, when an event occurs and my character talks it'll say ""Private P-sychotic:"" and then whatever dialogue is triggered via event. It might just be me feeling all nostalgic over WarCraft 3Battle.netdays, but I love that they've added this.Anyway regardless of this being an Early Access review, I would still rate it worth buying and immensely enjoyable, and somewhat nostalgic for the customBattle.netmap players out there. Currently there is only a prologue which is essentially a tutorial, and only multiplayer with the promise of singleplayer later on."
76561198021983999,Recommended,265590,11512346,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Space Wolf Hudson,"So I haven't beaten the first map yet, in 24 hours of playing. Do I recommend it? **ck yeah!First things first, I still consider myself as a noob at this because I very rarely (if at all) play comparable games.To me, the game was very overwhelming at first (in a bad way). I was confused by the fairly complex game mechanic and the very stiff learning curve. I didn't know what to do and when I learned what I had to do, I didn't know how.On the one hand that might be because of my lack of experience with games like this and on the other hand because of the lack of a decent tutorial (which is an issue the devs want to work on). There is a small one but it does only explain the very basics. Further more you need a capable team.But if you keep playing despite of that, you'll start enjoying this game a lot. You rank up in total and additionally with each class. Promotions in any of those two ranks unlock new gear, components (skills) and passive bonuses (Even if you do not win the map or finish all missions... or get to the emergency evac). I played only medic so far and didn't reached the highest rank with it yet, and there are about 8 classes to rank up with, so that keeps you motivated for a while if you are into stuff like that.Once you learned about controls, enemies, missions, gear, friendly fire and classes you will become usefull for your team, which is great. It is fun to see your own progress and reaching higher waves and more difficult goals while getting better. And even if don't make it, you still made progress, because you earned xp and unlocked new stuff, which will make it easer the next time.On the downside we have the fact of TRS being in early access, which means you will run into bugs every now and then. So far I didn't had any that were too troubling, nothing that can't be fixt or made me stop playing. The community is yet small. You may not always find regional game lobbies but I was always able to find some games in the global lobby. Also does the game not offer that much for graphic enthusiasts.But as I said, I do recommend the game. After I got the hang of it I started to enjoy the helping, covering and healing, sharing of ammunition, in short: the teamwork.And despite of that, who is going to stop the horrors of mars, if not YOU(!)?I'm doing my part! What about YOU? You wanna live forever?!"
76561198023973716,Recommended,265590,11217921,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Rippa,Nice game. Played it for some hours had pretty much fun! Perfect if you are short on time and you've got only time for 1-2 rounds. For early dev. it's realy good too - don't forget to deactivate the ingame cursor for better fps ;-)
,Recommended,265590,11242234,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Fatalisbane,"You had me sold at NotD remake, a game based off one of the best WC3 maps is amazing (I have no idea why the ball stopped rolling at dota) this game has so much content for just early access and the developers are also on the idea of pushing the idea further, instant buy for me.Hopefully more people do this as well so we can all have more people to play with =)"
76561198034737084,Recommended,265590,11429106,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,spartanhija,ZOMG ITS SO GOOD
76561198090442319,Recommended,265590,13371298,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,olegsvyato,"This game is really cool and difficult. And this game is fun.When you first start the game - well, you die... and die some more times. And then some more. When you see big enemies' level of HP for the first time you think ""Holy cow! We are never gonna be able to kill this"". And you die. And yet you enjoy it ) You want to survive, to find a way to finally beat the mission, to save the day.Today was the first time for me when team was able to fully finish the mission. First time in 11,5 hours of gameplay. And this victory feels really good, even taking into accont the fact that I died at the the very end of mission. (Remember - you die at every corner!  One mistake - and you are dead meat! )So - try this game )To other aspects:This game is still early access and not all options, missions and features are available. :-( controls take some time to get used to. :-\Game community is really small :-( ,but nice and helpfull :-) .You can easily join a team with experienced players, get advice and experience nice teamwork. :-)Nowadays there are rarely more than two of three teams assembling to play at any time. Sometimes there are only 10 people or less in lobby. :-("
,Recommended,265590,11490158,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,theggp7,You want to see some real play footagehttp://youtu.be/_CKbw7yg2xUI love this game any engrouge everyone and their mum and mums mum and her mum to buy this fantisic fun and great game
76561198020322424,Recommended,265590,11202857,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,ĻØŴ ƤƦŐƑĩĹĔ,Have not played a whole lot yet but I can tell you its pretty polished already and quite good. 2 copies for $15 come on ;)
,Recommended,265590,11382312,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Haverchuck,Even this early on Red Solstice is more fun than many other games.
,Recommended,265590,11459593,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,supernet2,"Grantite this game is buggy as hell i suggest checking it out. The fact that you can have squad based gameplay is epic. Sadly the full version isn't out yet just the online mode... but god i cannot WAIT until its out! The full version is gonna EPIC in my opinion. They just gotta work on the crashing and lag issues with this game and all should be fine, at least in multiplayer.Single player is definitely gonna be epic"
76561198014194946,Recommended,265590,11562717,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Super Daioz,"Really good game, reminds me of dawn of war last stand mode but with more depth/ decision making. Different classes bring different gameplay and 8 player co-op is fun. Game seems pretty stable considering its still early access. Interaction with Devs is probly best Ive ever know in a game they even log in to play and test new stuff with whoevers online.Definately worth picking up if its your type of game."
76561198026077827,Recommended,265590,13514424,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Zermalice,Amazing good time with friends!!!!!!
,Recommended,265590,15978647,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Lapland,"Very well done squad-tactics strategy game. If you enjoy removing xeno from premises, Red Solstice is pretty much XCOM but real time with an individually controlled marine.Updates are very consistent with the devs actively participating in communicating with the community."
,Recommended,265590,11182791,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,TheGameHuntah,"This is a really interesting tactical game. First of all, I don't recall playing a 8 players CO-OP in a long long time, so seeing a game that can accommodate a large group of friends together is almost an instant win.This game reminds me to Starcraft, well basically you control some Marines, but the top-view camera really does a good job to bring Starcraft memories to my head. NO just that!! after a few minutes you will be immerse in a mix of Shadowgrounds/Aliens/Alien Swarm/Warhammer 4K... really really interesting.The game require a lot of teamwork, since is really easy to get lost in the map and overrun by aliens, but the addition to marines classes helps a lot to maintain the troops alive.Controls are something that you need to get use to it, but is not anything from the other world, so in a few games you will be able to control your marine movements and shoot without any issues.Also there are perks and auto-aim that you can use, but everything comes with a cost, because you may need to sacrifice something in order to get that bonus. For example if you use Auto-aim for a few, during that time the character will move 20% slower. This is a really interesting aspect in the game, and make the customization of your character, before every mission, critical.I would recommend this game to anybody who loves games like Alien Swarm and enjoy tactical games.KAZ verdict:  7 out of 10"
,Recommended,265590,11187349,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,rxg | Annoying Dog,"An interesting game but extremely brutal and teamwork oriented. Reminds me off starcraft but it's more of a mutant survival. It is slightly buggy but the thing it stresses the most is teamwork. Most games that have teamwork have it as an add-on but you could still get by but this one, N O P E (chuck testa). Course it's still in alpha so much like this review things are bound to change. (for the better of course)"
76561198002585649,Recommended,265590,11203235,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,WallMart,Killing your entire team with a artillery strike has never been more satisfying <311/10 Would join noob team and die over and over and over again.
76561198048901812,Recommended,265590,11231411,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Jeanne d'Arc,"Pretty good game, reminds me of the old warcraft 3 NOTD and Undead assault maps, i believe this will have heaps of potential in the future would recommend to friend.soloing is optional but it is better to play with friends"
,Recommended,265590,11345423,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,۩۞۩AtriumAce۩۞۩,tried to play and it says miss executible or something like that
76561197976353012,Recommended,265590,11387162,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Ediobear,"There are still serveral bugs and connection issues, but it is an awesome game with coop, and you can never survive alone!"
,Recommended,265590,11226720,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,⎛⎝Aarki⎠⎞,"Some guy randomly called for evacuation after teamkilling someone else,all survivors rushed to the escape point where the ACTION TRANSPORT™ picked us up, surfing into the sunset on a tidal wave of nuclear fire:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=28583106110/10"
76561198012322371,Recommended,265590,11245872,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,AngryCupcake,"I'll keep it brief.  If you have even the SLIGHTEST love for tactical games, you MUST buy this.  don't be stupid. Great Price, great replay value and the game is only getting better and better."
,Recommended,265590,18137694,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Sir Dongspank of Dildershire,"At a whopping 1 hour played, I can say that I do like the game, but would like it infinitely more if you could move with WASD keys. The fact that you cant is kind of gross. Trying to move and shoot while manually aiming is pretty frustrating. There are plenty of weapons to keep me entertained, and there are a lot of classes which is pretty cool. The graphics are fine. Nothing impressive or mindblowing. Pretty much zero adjustments, so what you see is what you get. The shooting feels kind of laggy. Like I've got no idea what the cadence is for some of the guns. Maybe the server was lagging, I don't really know.7/10. Worth the 10 bucks I paid for it."
76561197962240367,Recommended,265590,11242940,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Loww,"So far, the more I play, the more enjoyable this has become.  The first game I had no idea what was going on, nor what to look for.  About 4 hours into it, I'm starting to get the hang of it.  Stick with your group, running off solo will get you killed quickly, and less teammates just equates to a more difficult time to manage through the map.  Teamwork is key, as many have mentioned already.I don't usually take a shot at an Early Access game but this one was worth it.Modeled after a Use Map Setting game (NoTD) that was quite popular in SC / WC3.  If you were a fan of it, or any of the UMS games, TRS is for you."
,Recommended,265590,17002733,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,thewarplay,SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much fun its a must have for people who love co op games its all about that team work!!! <3
76561197964093048,Recommended,265590,13921882,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Sanctuarine,"10.1.2015 Early Access. As a friend of this genre, and a huge fan of NOTD. This is the game, also nice that the devs play with us, its mostly stable. Patches seem to be rolling in atleast once a week. Starting a game takes a bit patience, like 15minutes or so. Extremely challenging even for high rank players. hard difficulty is already totally insane. And there is Nightmare difficulty after that.Its starter friendly in every way, until you hit Rank8. There is some bugs and undeveloped systems, but not any gamebreakers. Mostly you get used to them and stop noticing them. 80% of the players i have played with are helpful and friendly. Learning not to die, playing as a team, micromanage your every move is the key to victory.There is two methods you can play and switch any time. Automove (or follow) + autofire, will cause you sometimes miss, reducing total DPS, but your instincts and reactions are sharp as a bot, Then there is manual mode. Swapping primary to secondary weapon you run 25% faster, switching from autofire mode to burstfire will enable you move fast between high damage shots. and Manually aiming your gun completely will give you +40% damage, but its up to your own instincts to react to targets approaching you.All the classes provide very good variety, if you got bored in one class you will find completely diffirent playstyle from another class. I love the RPG system. There are weapons & class specific skills to unlock for the first 50hours of the game (and its still a very, very long way to maximum rank). Playing a certain class gives statistical bonus to that class via Specialization rank. There is three diffirent maps you can play, and every game you can choose from 7 diffirent game modes ( popular are ""Fast Mode"" and ""Bunker Mode""). I would give 2 recommendations to this game if I could."
,Recommended,265590,11226707,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Donkey,"*Early Access*Saw the screenshots and thought, ""Wait...i played this back in the WC3 days, night of the living dead!?""Googled it, google agreed, bought it.Awesome game, nicely mimics the WC3 mod.Although the game can at times feel alittle unresponsive and sometimes has abit too much clutter of stuff on the screen.Otherwise, nice game to own, Alien Swarm 2.0."
76561198042283800,Recommended,265590,11620786,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,-=NAM=- Dracos,I love this game. It takes teamwork and you have to watch what ya doing to get anywhere. Everyone should get it and play it.
,Recommended,265590,11453949,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Ted E. Bear,"Really digin´ it. It was real hard and frustrating in the begining, but it´s getting more clear the more I play."
,Recommended,265590,11821211,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,emperor,"Fans of Night of the Dead, and Swat Aftermath (popular mods of Warcraft 3) will surely enjoy this game. While it's still in the early stages and certain mechanics could be tweaked to make the game less menacingly difficult than it already is, it is a lot of fun and definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,265590,13842714,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,One Eye Jack,"Fantastic isometric co-op game, that is anything but a run and gun shooter.It blends just enough strategy with action, that demands teamwork between your comrads or you will meet certain doom.Given it's in early access however, this is a review based on the current build of the product.Content is lacking in some corners, but for it's asking price of $19.99 USD, it makes some other early release titles for the same price pale in comparison in terms of offered content.The game truly needs some way to tweak a perfect balance of progression and level/player balance within the game, which currently it lacks.I personally enjoy the ol' ""chase the carrot on a stick"" progression system, but only when it pairs well with the content in mind, which is certainly tricky.I'm certain that over time, this game will grow and continue to provide additional content, methods of progression and more, so with that said...if you're a fan of over the top (view) tactical shooters, that provide a deep sense of team work with a slice of lone wolf goodness (as skill does matter) but don't mind the often restrictive nature of ""play that class THIS way and none other"", then you'll certainly love this game.It kind of reminds me of the Space Hulk game in a RTS sense (rather than turn base) with a mix of twin stick shooter goodness.P.S. This game only really works with a keyboard and mouse, a controller really isn't needed for the style of the game (and i'm not sure if it even supports one currently), so keep that in mind if you're thinking you could have twin stick shooter style controls, this is mainly due to the interface."
76561198021481168,Recommended,265590,11269693,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Greymore,"Having played the NotD custom map in wc3, this game brought back a lot of good memories from my younger days. So far I enjoy the game and I'm looking forward to more content and insane missions."
,Recommended,265590,11267097,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Shiftie,"There are very few reasons for me to keep going back to a game after I've played it for a few hours, especially if it has bugs like this game does. Among those reasons are if the game has a. explosions, b. zombie aliens and c. guys in big armored suits.This game has guys in big armored suits exploding zombie aliens.edit: Most of the aforementioned bugs have been fixed. Same big dudes, same ugly zombie aliens, new game."
,Recommended,265590,11272546,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,[Redacted],"Stats aren't really working yet and single player isn't running but unlocks, levelup, the core game all work minus the occasional crash (rare occurance for me so far). It plays just like the starcraft/warcraft night of the living dead mods but looks and feels like the original alien swarm mod. Game is a lot of fun, requires team work to win and new players usually need a few matches to get their bearings. The game doesn't hold your hand (thank you!) but most players will look after you as long as you add somthing to the team (aka be a medic and keep them alive until you figure it all out). Community is going strong so far and the game is in really good shape (rare for early access).For the price and its current state I'd say buy it. It's a lot of fun.Note: I mistook the ""25 missions"" as ""25 maps"" which is not the case. Missions != maps, they're stuff to do within the current map."
76561197985072747,Not Recommended,265590,12075140,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Co-op Squad based survivalOn paper this game sounds great to me. You are part of a squad of marines have to complete missions and protect each other from alien hordes. There are different classes with their own perks and unlocks as you play through the game. However, it doesn't quite work at the moment. The objectives are not clear and a lot of players tend to play bunker, which seems to involve staying in one place and killing endless swarms of aliens. When you do get into fighting the inventory is difficult to navigate and it is not clear what the stuff does. The shooting seems to just involve selecting auto aim and reloading when needed. Really wish I had invested in another early access game as think there is too much that needs changing here to make this game enjoyable, although I could be wrong...please prove me wrong developers!"
,Recommended,265590,17067056,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,DFCHarem,Been playing this game since early beta and the game has only gotten better since. Now that it is officially released I can 100% say that if you enjoy strategic group games with intense combat and indepth mechanics then this is the game for you. Don't be discouraged if the game seems overwhelming at first because there is a lot to learn and unlock but since it is a strategy game I don't think anyone would want less than that.Also the price of this game is a steal for the amount of replayabilty it offers and content. The devs have also been great to the game constantly improving pre and post launch.
76561198020930198,Recommended,265590,17027904,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Sparrowhawk,"I have mixed feelings about this game.because at times its fun and at times it can be boring.This game has a singleplayer which is done in a rush and its just there for pople who wants to know the story. So in short the singleplayer is nothing special. Then you have the multiplayer, which is fun, you can play with 8 players on 6 diffrent maps (the maps looks the same only the structures are in diffrent locations) and many diffrent difficulty modes. There are 15 waves and each wave has diffrent enemy types which spawn  at 5 diffrent locations on the map. So if you dont stick to your group you can get overrun by the mobs of creatures.So when you play all the maps and done most of the modes then it can get boring. There are poeple who love it but for some people it has not enough content to keep them intrested. The game is hard at times but nothing unbeatable whit a good team.PROSCreates tense moments.Nice skills and classes to choose from.Relies on teamwork (which is nice)CONSCan get boring at times.Needs more diffent contentI really dont know if i liked this game or disliked it, its just a mixed feeling that i have of this game.6.5/10"
76561198007708085,Recommended,265590,25247432,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Raylak,"Personally I really enjoy this game when playing with a group of serious players on the hardest difficulty.Is this game for you?To really enjoy this game, you need to be a team player. When you start playing, you need to listen to more experienced people and learn from them. This is not a game for you to run around trying to be a hero, you will die, and get people killed.This game does have lots of little tips and tricks you learn that are the difference between clutching a victory on Soldier difficulty (2/4) and breezing a a win on Aetriden difficulty(4/4). The people running around in circles on autofire are the ones doomed to soldier forever, then they get made at the game for requiring they actually learn something to win.The game is somewhat repetative, there are 6 maps, ranging in difficultly and layout, with more planned as free content expansions, none of this paid dlc stuff. There are two primary storylines that can spawn, and a dozen or so secondary missions that spawn randomly through out each play through, certain secondaries are locked until your are in a group that is higher rank as they are more difficult, such as the Eye of the Storm mission. However the replayability comes from this random element, as well as trying to beat the game's current most difficult map, Military sector on Aetriden difficulty, which has currently only been beaten once!Some people complain about the 'toxic' community on this game, well I believe I am one of those 'toxic' players apparently, because I require people in my games to be on teamspeak. The reason for this is simple, I play higher difficulty games and there is no time to type everything I need to tell you through out the game. Winning Veteran+ difficulty is extremely unlikely when not on teamspeak because not being able to hear the leaders instructions leads to small mistakes, which lead to deaths. As for the moderation of TS, I've seen 1 ban in the last 2 months, and that was someone trying to be disruptive and harassing the community.The game has a few problems, desync is an issue sometimes, there are some other glitches too, however the developers are highly active within the community, to the point one is online on teamspeak almost every day listening to feedback, and if anyone is having any issues. Some bugs were creating in recent patches, and fixed almost immediately. Others have been around longer but are much more complicated issues that are hard to fix without breaking everything around it, or are inconsistent and difficult to replicate and pinpoint.All in all, I'd give TRS an 8/10 as it stands right now, and that's trying to be highly critical of it. Most games I see coming out would be lucky to reach 6+. However, this game is not worth you buying it if you don't want to invest time and effort into learning it and getting good, you'll just end up out of pocket, upset and writing a bad review here or being an actual toxic player within the community. If you are willing to invest into this game however, endless hours of sweat, tears and laughter await you, just beware the levi in the bush!"
76561197976389158,Recommended,265590,25248658,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Jurgorn,"An offspring of the original NOTD:AM,SO,SWAT game in Warcraft 3. The Red Solstice is an 8 player tactical, co-op objective based top down shooter. You are one of the black ops unit send in to Mars to investigate and contain a virus outbreak. You'll be pitted against hordes of infected on a desolate planet scouring for ammo, weapons, medical supplies while racing against time to complete your mission objectives and boss fights.The game features a variety of combat classes to choose from such as assault, heavy support, recon, demolition, medic, terminator, marksman & hellfire. Players are able to level up their classes to gain additional skills & stats as they progress further into the game. If you're a fan of Alien Swarm or NOTD get this game. Word of warning though this game is extremely challenging and requires quite a bit of strategic planning and teamwork if you wish to survive."
76561197967175880,Recommended,265590,25248827,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Ashkendar,"This game is one of the most difficult games I have played so far. It features immense tactical depth and requires constant communication with your teammates (so Teamspeak or anything similar is almost mandatory).While the above may be harsh and frustrating sometimes it becomes incredibly rewarding, should you manage to finish a mission with zero casualties and all objectives completed.Would I recommend this game? AbsolutelyAre there any downsides? Well, the controls take a while to get used to and the playerbase is not the biggest there is. Nonetheless I always manage to find an open lobby and the community is very friendly towards new players."
,Recommended,265590,18315622,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,deathKamp,Game is crazy fun... but not enough people play atm... come join us...
,Recommended,265590,18416197,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Vaalis,"Great game, needs a bigger community and eventually mod support would be nice. 8/10"
,Recommended,265590,29662697,Posted: 2 February,all,AntDude,"Cool game. It's hard too. Free weekend to try it. The game reminds me of Alien Swarm, Alien Syndrome, ALIENS, etc. Also slow motion to strategize and give more time!"
,Recommended,265590,26394232,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,drone110266,"Decent enough game to play. The story is kinda interesting though they don't do the best job telling it. There are a few mechanics that a broken, like sniper ranges and corner firing, but fun enough. The difficulty of the last 2 levels is way more than the rest it felt like. I reccomend grabbing it on sale if nothing else."
33333333333333333,Recommended,265590,25245438,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Adanar,"Great fun, just wish there were more players, has a bit of a steep learning curve but is so satisfying once you get there, one slight flaw is that there are those few players who will give you a lot of greif if you do things they don't like, BUT, if you make sure to let people know that you're new and trying to learn, they will be more than hapy to help, don't be suprised to eat a grenade if you're dragging the team down in games above normal difficulty."
76561198010764318,Recommended,265590,25246313,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,AznChristian,"One of the best games I've played. Played since the beggining and cotninues to be a blast. challenging if you want it, easy if you want it. Good class diversity that keeps getting better. The community has been good for the most part, too. A must have if you enjoyed NOTD or UA from starcraft 2 or warcraft 3."
76561198073785974,Recommended,265590,25245851,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Acid_Flash,"Top GameSingle Player:I don't finished the single player mode so i can't tell you if the end is fine but first few missions i played were well created and good balanced within the difficulty levels. Single Player have one feature that technically can't be in CoOp, slow Motion for tactics.Co-op:The best part of the game. I needed some time to realize that you really need a tactic and it is not possible to go straight throw the map and bam bam. Try to find a few people and play with them, look what class the others take and choose yours. Join the official TeamSpeak Server and talk. If don't talk and think you can make your own thing then the chance that you die is more than 98%. (On higher difficulty levels)There is a living multilingual community which always help.Also there are a lot good guides written by the community that what i have seen are mostly actual.Had a few great evenings while trying to beat some Fluffys."
,Recommended,265590,24725248,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,quixoticaxis,It feels great and plays great.The Red Solstice reminds me of the early days of Killing Floor because it is forcing you to use your brains to play and actually learn.
76561198012883252,Recommended,265590,11190365,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Capnflintlock,"Writing this review, I'll assume noone has played, ""Night of the Dead"", the Warcraft III mod this game was based on.The game in general plays like your average isometric shooter, with a bit of Dota thrown in. You start by choosing one of eight customizable classes, and then their loadout, including their primary and secondary weapon, the ammunition type they fire, up to four active/passive abilities, and 3 perks. As you rank up, the amount of each of these interchangable things you can use increases. Once your set, you can join a match with your customized soldier, and drop with up to 8 squad mates.The combat is fairly  simple. You move with right mouse click, and select targets and fire with the left. You can also allow your soldier to snap shot at targets automatically(aimbot) at the expense of accuracy. Your weapons use ammunition quickly, and unless you manage it carefully, you'll find yourself unarmed halfway through a match. Due to this, you have to scourage the environment for supplies, which you'll often find inside buildings, or on corpses. Once you find something, you can equip it into one of 6 item slots. The things you can find vary wildly, but they generally consist of explosives, medical supplies, ammunition, passive weapon upgrades, barricades, etc.Throughout this whole ordeal, you and your entire squad are trying to survive waves upon waves of hideous creatures trying to eat you, all the while trying to complete randomized objectives. At first glance this may seem fairly tame, but the enemy types vary wildly, from zombies, to giant bat demons, and they come from the darkness as the maps take place at night. To make matters worse, most often apply negative status effects to your soldiers. From bleeding wounds, bone fractures, and crippling toxins, you'll soon find yourself ravaged and left to die if you're not careful about patching yourself up and staying togethor with your teamates.As for game modes, the title currently has a tutorial, and online play with up to 8 player coop.The game is brutally difficult, even on the easier difficulties, but if you give it a shot, you'll find its highly addicting."
,Recommended,265590,17055800,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,The Dawg,A Great game for X-Com fans as well as Aliens (movie) fans. Was playing with a dev yesterday and he was very nice. He even got in a patch for a prob we had during the game. /salute
,Recommended,265590,17229557,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,GeraldBaldZ,"Great game. Several classes that play different, cordination required between you and your teamates to complete your mission."
76561198041279433,Recommended,265590,11935679,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,XicoMarvadeza,"Great game. It REALLY depends on strategy. Lonewolf players usually get kicked in the♥♥♥♥♥minutes after a game starts. Choose a leader and follow his/her instruction or you'll die and probably kill your group. Or be the leader if u've got the balls. Great multi-class Rank System. I really recommend it, BUT it's a small game, so wait for a sale event. (reminds me of ""Night of The Dead"" on Starcraft 2)"
76561198025810490,Recommended,265590,13777393,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Freedoms Pride,10/10 would autocannon squad to death10/10 would be blown up by friendly explosives10/10 would be mauled to death by evil santa clause
76561197981998173,Recommended,265590,11241310,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Revolution,Just like w3 Night of the Dead. Which was one of my favorite mods for warcraft 3. That and dota. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,265590,11689034,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Theory,Just look at my playing time...
76561198055640091,Recommended,265590,17266766,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,MarkedPariah,This is a great game for its price. This is essenentially a squad based RTS game where you follow the story of Tyler  Hunt and some other marines to discover what happened to a colony on Mars. The story itself isn't what drew me in to really like this game though. I haven't even finished the story yet because I have been having such a good time just playing the multiplayer with the stellar community.Now I'v played the multiplayer for about 50 hours at this point and that is primarily playing as only one of seven classes available. In multiplayer you and 7 other members of your team work to complete missions and fight off hordes of monsters as you travel across a large map discovering what happened to Tyler Hunt and finding valuable loot to make you or your team stronger. Each multiplayer mission lasts about 40-50 minutes assuming your squad doesn't all die earlier in the mission.I highly recommend this game if you are looking for a co-op squad based RTS experience because the multiplayer is where this game really shines.
,Recommended,265590,11590862,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Laythun,"The is a great game if you like your dota, top down action games. The 8 player co-op is the best feature"
76561197979537904,Recommended,265590,11693438,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,EdgeTK,"You will die sooooooooooooooooooooooooo much, over and over. Yet you'll come back for more and it's so rewarding.The Red Solstice is kind of like that one Dom chick I dated but it cost less....The game is incredibly deep and tactical, more so than the images and video does justices. Pleasant community and friendly Dev's that have the shocking habit of playing the game :)Hope to see you online."
76561198027784356,Recommended,265590,11732293,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Peppy,"If you've played NOTD or SWAT for Warcraft 3, you should find yourself at home with this difficult yet rewarding team survival title.If you haven't, you're going to die. Alot. And that's okay, the game is very much about sticking together, learning together and more often than not, dying together. This is a coop experience through and through.The bugs aren't gamebreaking and the devs keep the community relatively up to date on patches and upcoming changes. The controls, while complicated at first, become quite intuitive. You'll see what I mean when you've got a swarm of baddies on your squad's♥♥♥♥♥and your only recourse is a well placed satchel. When there's nothing left behind you except a pile of burning, dismembered alien corpses, you'll know that that sticking, learning and dying together paid off. And your squadmates will remember you for it."
76561197990710542,Recommended,265590,14060684,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,CSM Gomez,AWESOME!
,Recommended,265590,17053357,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Mr. Rockatanksy,"You miss Co-Op, real Co-Op like back in the day.If you want to survive in an RTS Co-Op version of DOOM with detailedclasses, skills, and objectives, then I don't blame you. Here it is, buy it."
76561197969533352,Recommended,265590,17083870,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Laughing Man,"Very fun game alot of replayability for the price.  The game has a top down perspective with a rotatable camera, and is played via hot keys and issuing move and shoot commands via the mouse.  It plays akin to some custom games from war 3, and is reminiscent in how it feels playing to some of the old action games of the past like gauntlet and the like.  This game is hyper focused on team work, while certain classes and loadouts can get by soloing for a bit, everyone ends up having to group for surival.  Managing your ammo, explosives, CDs, and working as a team are the keys to this game.  Failing at any of those means death.Game truly shines in multiplayer but the singleplayer isn't bad and helps you get used to the game via its tactical mode that lets your slow everything down.  Multiplayer of course doesn't use that though.There are of course some negatives, the voice acting work in this game is really really bad, thankfully there isn't much of it.  There are also some poor ability descriptions leading to easy misunderstanding of how some things function.  There are also a few bugs (currently) that while not game breaking can be a slight annoyance.Still though I would reccomend picking this game up, its not an expensive game, and its certainly worth the cost for the hours you will get out of it."
76561197994300103,Recommended,265590,17084258,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Phantombane,"The Red Solstice is a top down, strategy shooter that plays like a blend of quality custom Starcraft 2 maps and Alien Swarm. It pits you and up to 7 other Human controlled marines against hordes of the monstrosities created by the STROL virus. To survive and complete your objective you must work with your teamates,scavenging materials, making plans for the hectic closing moments of a match, and dispatching the various dangers you will encounter during your stay at Tharsis colony. A Typical match of The Red Solstice can last around an hour, so do not expect the typical drop in drop out style multiplayer that many games today utilize. keep this in mind when you put aside time to play the game.I would like to mention that this game is hard, and can be incredibly brutal at times. Excpect to die quite often as a new player, so don't feel put off by it, it happens to everyone. Despite the difficulty, failure still nets class and account experience for you rendering even a loss into meaningful progress of both in game XP as well as real life player skill. To help alleviate the difficulty for newcomers, a certain ammount of free automatic respawns are granted to players below a certain rank. Additionally, players seeking assistance can ask both the developers and the community for advice as this game has some of the most active devs and most helpful community members of any game I have ever played. The community has also prepared a variety of guides that cover almost every aspect of the game with an incredible ammount of detail, I highly recommend new players look over these.In conclusion, The Red Solstice is a very unique, and very fun game. It offers a large ammount of replayabillity in the multiplayer modes and a good ammount of content aimed at those who prefer single player activities. I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone willing to give it the modicum of patience required to learn its particular nuances."
76561197999509400,Recommended,265590,17115132,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,vogl,"Great game, love it! Hope they sell well."
76561198037804038,Recommended,265590,18828548,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,spartan 2.0,"Like cross between xcom and syndicate wars but no the turn based element, more tactical, bloody horror, carnage and awesome game :)"
76561197960298812,Recommended,265590,26415966,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,r7h / Rage,"IMHOthis is one of the most underrated games ever!Just picked it up a few days ago when it was on sale with close to no expectations.After the first few story missions i just went straight for the survival mode and was intrigued.And after the first time i played multiplayer with seven other players i just was blown away how much there is about this game. Now i'm addicted :)Pros:8 Classes, each with 11 different skills to choose,each class has 6-7 different primary weapons and another 5-6 different secondary weaponseach solder can equip 3 booster (perks) and there are 12 different booster types (perks)different types of ammomakeing use of environmentteamwork is king u wont live long as lonewolf unless ur high level and a very good/smart playerWH:40k - its obvious the dev's where inspired by WH:40k and games like ""spacehulk"" but brought it to realtimeCons:low player base sometimes its hard to find people to play with but single player survival is also alot of fun and challengingcan be frustrating if u dont like challenging games just dont expect the game to be won right away its more like a ""how far can i get""there are so many key bindings that it may confuse new players and old ones alike :)if u fill ur group in multiplayer with bots its very hard to control them, in singleplayer its ok thx to tactical mode"
76561197994261864,Recommended,265590,27606191,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Itchy Scratch N' Sniff,"Underrated, very difficult and absoultely fantastic multiplayer"
76561198118848547,Recommended,265590,19573557,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mc Fishy,"Since there are plenty reviews explain game's mechanic, I'll try to keep this short. Overall, TRS is a solid top down tactical survial shooting game.Due to the ""tactical"" element and a steep learning curve, the best gaming experience you get from this game is the fruition of the ability to cooperate, adapt, follow and understand the ""order"" of the team leader (experienced vet).TRS is quiet unforgiving for rookies, so the willingness to learn and stick with the game is a necessity. In order to prevent the unfair random-kicking in multiplayer mode and the risk of losing game due to the lack of knowledge on game's mechanic, I wholeheartedly recommend everyone (intent to play---casually playing----intent to be a pro):-Try the single player mode (for the tutorial mainly). It has a pretty good storyline.-Read those ""Everything"" guides by Bonzai101, Valore and Grizzly. (You're gonna be surprised by the amount of knowledge you may learn/miss out). Check out those in-depths about classes and game mechanics (leadership).-Get TeamSpeak (an app similar to RaidCall). ""Why"", you asked? Well, the best way to learn a game is by playing it. And it's good to have somebody with experience to explain/help through the preparation and ingame if you decide to skip reading the guides. Mic is not required, vet only need you to listen and understand.The code to the TRS community server is:ts.com-game.de+ Inevitably, there are good and bad players. Some will assist you, some just downright ignore or troll you to oblivion; but the majority of the player base will help you with welcome arms.-One last thing, invite your friend or introduce it to somebody closed to you. The biggest problem with TRS right now is lack of player. The community is too small at the moment.Well, That's all I have to say. I mostly play as Heavy Support, never get around to learn being a leader, cuz i enjoy being a slow♥♥♥♥♥supportive follower using a minigun to slow♥♥♥♥♥♥down and let people do the rest. And I'm still pretty ""new""to the game, despite 100+ hrs clock-in."
,Recommended,265590,18330392,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Sicero,"This game is all about: marines, TEAM PLAY, hordes of enemies, hardcore difficulty, screams...10/10 must have..."
76561198215134693,Recommended,265590,18447899,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,HellWulf,"Fun, addictive, its not so easy to master so it takes time to be really good, how to read guides and get practice alot to be good for harder levels. But even easy and normal mode are really fun to play! The game makes you wanna play all classes no matter you dont like some class,but every class is needed to survive and win,what is a great thing,you have a job in a mission,not just random shooting mobs. Some classes are really hard to master and takes time (like demolition), and some are easy and just click and shoot (assault).Cant wait every day to log in and test new weapon with some class, or new class in general, or a skill with a class :)Only a bit problem is without a expirienced player in a game or a good leader there is like no chance of winning or finishing it to the end, random players without a leader= no win.9/10"
76561197973392158,Recommended,265590,18580460,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Vylon,"I have been cheking on this game for a while. Then I bought it on a sale..And after like half an hour of playing I realized that I have found something I have been looking for for many years.Remember Alien Swarm, Alien Breed, etc.? Ever felt like it would be nice to just shoot monsters in a sci-fi NON FPS setting? Have some co-op fun with friends or strangers?Well this is the answer.I have not played the spiritual predecessors. But man! It took me hours of playing and some reading to find out that this game is brilliant. A big map with lots of different enemies, loot, skills, character customization, quests, mini quests.. and all put together in a fitting frame. And at last it is challenging enough to keep you playing.Did I mention optional bots, followers, side quests, different game modes?TBH I expected less than half that it offers, and I could have settled for even less. I am still kinda surprised.Did I mention bosses? Or legendary item drops?Point is that there is everything you ever wanted or found out for a game like this. And a lot more.Did I mention they are just testing to add a new weapon for more cutomization? And that there are more maps than I care to try. I didn't even expect to play on more than one since it is like a sandbox frame, the replayability is already there with that one single map.There is only one downside.. not too many people. I manage to get full groups going in a few mins but still. Good thing it is fun to play with 2-3 ppl as well;) [Did I mention co-op Bots?]It is the very best there is in the genre. If you are into this kind of game so much to♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself to read my review than you really should do yourself the favor and buy it.Did I mention that the community is strangely enough pretty good, and the learning curve is very rewarding even if you die a few times early in the game first?10/10 Have not seen anything near as good as this game since C64 that is comparable in terms of gameplay."
,Recommended,265590,18621721,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Shinister,"Review Edit.So Red Solstice what is it? It's a top down against all odds genre. Think Alien Swarm with RPG mechanics thrown into it. You get some pretty interesting ""Weapons and class's to choose from""And the skills seem to have a designed sense of purpose not like alot of other games where you mash the keyboard when hell breaks lose and somehow you survive.This game isnt that game you need to choose your kit wisely, and you also need to get familiar with the levels, tactics and your class what limitations are in place for each class and weapon to have a successful outcome.The game is has a learning curve, but once you pick up the basics it keeps you locked in for a many hours. You do however want to be aware that since this game doesn't seem to have a huge following yet it is recommended you have friends play with you or buy the game as to be honest you can spend a bit of time waiting for matches.But if you're like me and you have some note worthy friends who enjoy dying often then yes this game is for you.Is it worth 20$ i'd have to yes they update often and they developers stay true to the concept and are constantly balancing and tweaking various game mechanics to keep the game fun. Also they have some pretty interesting holiday events like SANTACLAWS?."
,Recommended,265590,16968923,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Dutchoper72,"The cloestest thing we will get to a proper Aliens game.The feels man, the feels!"
,Recommended,265590,27640052,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Redrusty66,"Don't give a frak about MP and get pretty irritated with games who diss the SP part in favor of making things rediculous in SP. In the age of 5000 MP only games  where they mostly all fail eventually due to ignoring their SP to ive the game reason to at least be purchased long after the MP is dead. This is one that at least makes sure there's some SP there for those who do not care to deal with MP ommunties which usually = headache and idiocy..lmao First off, the game is based on a WC3 custom map called Night of the Dead. You are space marines prancing around a Mars colony full of zombies. You select a suit (read: class), a primary weapon, a secondary weapon, 4 suit components (read: skill...not trees. Paths, maybe? 5 sequential, mostly passive abilities), up to 3 powerups (which add some bonuses at the cost of other penalties), and you go off to try and survive a ~1 hour long match. You find items and accomplish objectives which will strengthen your team, while endless waves of zombies try to murder you to death. The customization isn't that deep, but you'll find plenty to tinker with if you're the fiddy sort. I enjoy it greatly. Worth the time and Dev support , even for just SP."
76561197985058328,Not Recommended,265590,26016905,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ShinsFortress,"Single Player only: This could have been a lot more fun.  The visuals, sound and story (such as they are) are fun.  Pre-mission equipment/loadouit screen are involved enough without being too complicated.But this game was ruined for me by terrible level/mission design.  Think you've seen difficulty peaks/troughs?  No.  No you haven't.  Might be your thing, it isn't mine.Multi-player?  The ""community"" is too small for this to be reliable fun."
76561198129817336,Not Recommended,265590,17054144,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,achih,"This game is fun and full of twists but be warned of the many many crashes in between, Wish the developers would let US decide when to save game, so we wouldn't have to start from scratch time and again. :("
76561197995237890,Recommended,265590,11241943,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Talltale,Good little game. I just bought it Friday night and have 11 hours into it by Monday. It's very good at hooking you with 'one more try' to see how far you can get.
76561198038104004,Recommended,265590,12817054,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Paranoidax,Epic game. Great atmosphere! Unforgiving =D
,Recommended,265590,25703652,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,MercAlex,"The game is fun, simple to pick up and understand, takes some practice to effectively use the more complex or slower classes. the community is fairly serious, but not toxic as many claim. everyone should PLAY THE SINGLEPLAYER first, and be willing to communicate with your team in multiplayer, or it wil end VERY badly for you, and you may be blamed by your team, as it was likely largely the fault of anyone who treats it like a singleplayer game when playing multiplayer. so far everyone ive met trys multiple times to help new players; regardless of teamspeak (though they do try to get you to join it, and it makes it more enjoyable for all to be honest) the game and gameplay are quite fun, neat atmoshere and the people are alright by and large. great game."
,Recommended,265590,11224672,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,EvilTwinTepe,Lots of fun - need more friends playing it besides RePete and I!
76561198007936598,Recommended,265590,11227655,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Bory,Amazing! Was hooked within the first 5 minutes of the game!
76561197980763344,Not Recommended,265590,17273630,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Rookie_B,"Start match, dig through ever locker i can find, always looking for ammo....every game like this.  Game does not scale depending on how many in a match.   This feels like a crappy MOBA.  I dont like the repetitiveness of MOBAs and their like."
,Recommended,265590,25139064,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,BrianRubin,"This game is so much fun, and so brutally hard sometimes, but that's okay because it's so much fun."
,Recommended,265590,11206992,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,mamolian,Fast pased isometric squad based tactical alien extermination. Very fun!
76561198036811813,Recommended,265590,24196686,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Lord Markov,"Having only played singleplayer modes, I beleive that a game should be weighed heavily upon its singleplayer componets because servers will eventually go away in time. This game is hard. Easy mode is not easy. This game is not beginner friendly; however, it made me want to keep trying until i can finally succeed with my AI team. This game feels like you are playing Starship Troopers. Lose your medic right before evac then blow your team to smitherins. 9/10 would fail to succeed agian just for the lolz."
76561198059708680,Recommended,265590,29733681,Posted: 5 February,all,scifinut989,"[NOTE DON'T BUY THE SOUNDTRACK! ] I downloaded an can't access it despite the fact Steam states it in my library.  As for the game itself its okay,  but that lack of save during game play is REALY ANNOYING; IF YOU GET KILLED YOU HAVE TO PLAY THE WHOLE LEVEL ALL OVER AGAIN!   Going to see if I can get a refund for the soundtrack that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off!"
76561197986163896,Recommended,265590,11194759,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Lupercal,"A great game from what i have played. Brings back memories of my time spent playing Notd, Dotd, and UA2 on warcraft 3. Worth getting if you were a fan of any of theses great mods for Wc3."
76561198096937832,Recommended,265590,11215984,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,longchass/iruinbirthday,man! i started to addictive to this game is hella fun and half price and can sent 1 copy to ur friend
,Recommended,265590,11203336,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Luceos,Interesting new game. Lots of potential seen within the few minutes played already. Probably needs some more time to grow into a serious multiplayer game due to plenty of current bugs and missing features. Even with those drawbacks this game plays like a fun co-op (wave) survival game.
,Recommended,265590,11219242,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,ToeKnife,gets it
76561198005441797,Recommended,265590,11247418,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,HK-51,Zombie dog humping my teammate..10/10
,Recommended,265590,11247815,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Sukumei,I highly recommend this game.
76561198022223005,Recommended,265590,11251634,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Raaka,"This one has potential, but the controls are totally screwed, hope they recalibrate them."
,Recommended,265590,11287757,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Peanutz,"This game, is truelly amazing! It involves a lot of teamplay and skill, however it may not look like it at first sight.The game is about a marine squad that's exploring a planet, Mars (The Red Planet). And there they find out that there's an infestation going on, which probably is caused by a failed experiment, or succeeded one? Who knows?You are in a team of up to 8 marines, trying to stop it, by either doing, missions, which are divided in a primary questline, and side quests. There are lots of waves, each wave obviously is stronger. You might just as well die, or run out of ammo? For that not to happen, you must also loot a little, since you can loot buildings etc, for ammo, medkits, and other random supplies. When you don't think you can survive any longer, you can get an evac, from on a certain wave (The wave at which it gets available is different for each difficulty). The evac is an item you can find on the map, and when you've got it you can activate it to evacuate, then you'll have to protect the person who activated it for 2 minutes, (he/she can move). When the 2 minutes are over the Dropship comes in for evacuation after another minute, but then you'll no longer have to protect the person who was calling the evac.I hope this review is helpfulish.... SIdenote: This is more a summary really...."
76561198064593953,Recommended,265590,12038735,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Dennis The Menace,I recommend this to anyone who wants something new i really enjoy playing this game tho atmnot alot of people know about it we should spread the word get more poeple in here to have a good time
76561197978507673,Recommended,265590,25245066,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,nxt,ignore the bitterness from the peanut gallery.some were warned several times on the forums that personal attacks is not going to be tolerated and still went for it earning themselves a ban.look past the salt and find a game with a lot of flaws but if you manage to look past them you can have hundreds of hours of fun.we have several new players that has recently found this game and enjoy it.we have a ts channel that you can hang out in even though the game might seem dead at at times but groups form there all the time.now to the game itself.if you played warcraft/starcraft custom games its taken its inspiration from there.its a hardcore hordemode game with a high skill and tactic requirement for higher difficulties.or its a fun gorefest for newer players on lower difficulties.bear in mind that this is a hardcore niche game and if you dont want to spend 20$ wait for free weekend/sale to grab or try the game.
76561197990980295,Recommended,265590,17255129,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Faffy,"Red Solstice is a game that encourages grinding and memorization of map objectives (and it does this even over teamwork) in order to succeed.Typical games result in 1k - 2k experience for your selected class, and it takes about 10-20k experience to gain one rank in the suit (1% speed, critical rating, that sort of thing). Considering the number of classes there are and there are like 10 ranks in each suit, that is a lot of grinding.Victory leads to 5k - 6k experience but if you're a new player that will come to you few and far between. And being that each game typically consumes 40 minutes or more, it will still take a considerable amount of time to max out the suit of your preference.Red Solstice CAN be fun, but the combat tends to be a little bit less entertaining than I was hoping for. I play with auto-targeting for the most part and that actually takes a lot of the fun out of the genre, but necessary, because manual targeting isn't effective enough to take out the swarming armies the AI decides to throw at you.Game has a tiny community, average at best. Multiiplayer games can take some time to fill (for a newish game).Art can be hit or miss (portraits). No major complaints, but there isn't enough emphasis on the ""cool"" element of manning state-of-the-art space marine body armor running around gunning or torching down alien zombies. I don't ""feel"" it. Far fetched hope that this will be fixed."
76561197964946932,Recommended,265590,20048913,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bene.de,Yehaw
76561197973315347,Recommended,265590,17274442,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Krang_40k,"It feels like... WH40k played as Cannon Fodder or Syndicate Wars.But with the tactical deep of Jagged Alliance. Really smooth gameplay. The missions are challenging. Never underestimate the flood of enemys.The only aspect, that reminds you on the indie development are the voice actors. The speechfiles are a little bit flat. But its still satisfying.9/10"
76561198011643868,Recommended,265590,23147890,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Found one!,"Based on some of the popular Warcraft 3 Mods like ""Undead assault"", it's good."
,Recommended,265590,22869500,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,VG Purist,"This is a squad based tactical game that is for a new player difficult to master. Get ready to die a lot while playing because it's extremely easy to die.  The nice thing is that when you finally beat this game you will feel a real sense of accomplishment.Currently there aren't really that many players playing.  However if you have some patience and do get to jump into a game, you will play with some really great people.  Many of my friends list people are from this game.This game doesn't require a high APM at all. As I said earlier this is a team tactical game where each class contributes to the overall survival of your group.  Although if you do have a high APM the game will be easier to pick up.I have personally been playing this game for over 2 years with (currently) about 700 hours played.  This has been my go to game for entertainment whenever I don't know what to play.Each and every game is different from the last since you there are multiple game modes to play on with different maps.  Difficulties also change up the gameplay as well.Many different classes to play that all do completely different things and plays different roles.Here's my latest gameplay video:https://youtu.be/9br71ypHooI"
76561198013807064,Recommended,265590,26606807,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,[LNA]Bitenose,This is a very difficult and enjoyable game.  I highly recommend it to those who like this type of game.  Lots of replay value.
,Recommended,265590,17287317,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,GameAssassin1020,If you remember the old Alien Swarm days then this game is just a more complex and sophisticated version with more strategy. Highly recommended.
76561198028001833,Recommended,265590,18384671,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Kindred828,Kick your butt if you didnt buy and play this game
,Recommended,265590,19481223,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Deldramor,"It's a very good top down, team based tacical survial game, just wished the community didn't kill it. If you were a fan of Night of the Dead from Warcraft Frozen Throne online, then this will bring back good memories."
76561198005406191,Not Recommended,265590,34956651,Posted: 14 September,all,servvsumbrarum,"Greetings Everyone!  Today I will be reviewing The Red Solstice; I bought this game way back when it was in early access because I liked the idea of a hardcore tactical shooter with RPG mechanics.  The Early Access was very promising, bugs and all and now I’m back to see what they’ve done with it upon completion!Let’s just tack this on:  One of the additions since I last played was the singleplayer campaign.  I was very excited as I love squad based tactical rpgs (Aarklash is my highest recommendation) but was almost immediately disappointed how they implemented it.  You can only directly control the squad leader without using the tactical view which is nice as it slows the game down by 90% but what if I want to directly control the medic or don’t want to but made my commander the medic because I needed one.  This added to the fact that the AI squadmates will do nothing but autofire (which was very annoying during the mission where monsters that couldn’t be auto targeted attacked).  I’m harping on this a lot but the single player feels tacked on, the voice acting is shoddy, half the time turrets don’t work (final mission was annoying as turrets couldn’t be attacked because they were perpetually turning off and on).We’re going to a bug planet:  So many little bugs, I’m not going to say they could be easily fixed but there were programming errors looking up tool tips, I mean really?  The AI squadmates would only half follow you, one time my sniper died because he was stuck on a corner.  When I highlight an ability its range should be displayed (I’m talking to you Heal).  I understand that I could micro better but the games difficulty should be intended, I should be fighting STROL not the game itself.  In addition the game doesn’t seem to remember loadouts mission to mission; yes my medic is going to take life drone…as she always does.  Speaking of healing, medical station bugs out if you die and counts previous uses that you can’t destroy because they aren’t there any more…fun fact.  That was a rage moment of mine.  There are subtitles so that’s good…especially when the music is doing its super stage diving rock out (throw up those horns) right over that stupid story voice acting no one wanted to hear anyway.No one can hear you scream:  The game’s multiplayer is dead…yup, sorry but it is.  This is a great shame as the main bulk of the game is developed around multiplayer.  I spent a few days looking for some life on the multiplayer but no matter what time I tried I didn’t see anyone.  Mars must have been wiped out (to be fair I did find a straggler or two).  I played with some bots (which is a nice attempt but for the previous reasons it leaves a lot to be desired) that they give you that can level and unlock everything for them the same way you would unlock for your own character.  Oh…I forgot to mention, you level, unlock classes and abilities; for the type of gamer I am this multiplayer would have been amazing.  I remember playing the unfinished version of this game in early access and thoroughly enjoying it.  But with the multiplayer dead and the single player beaten (with no interest of going back into that bug pit) I'm forced so uninstall with sad thoughts of what could have been.  I've thought about buying a copy for some friends but a lot of my friends don't really play 'indie' games and would immediately quit a the sight of bad tooltips.Ultimately, if you have 3 friends and all want to get into this game together…hmm, was about to say to buy it but with the bugs and unfinished nature…not sure.  The game left me with a large amount of frustration, not just because it was buggy and incomplete but because there is an amazing game behind all that grit.  I love that they continue the story in multiplayer, love the concept of real time squad combat that has a soul’s genre difficulty.  But this game is infected and it is time to find a new planet to call home."
,Not Recommended,265590,11680988,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Tape It's Tape,"Frequent visual errors, bad gameplay with overly complicated controls. Bad pathfinding, multiplayer lag. As it stands now, this is a big do not buy from me."
,Not Recommended,265590,11649978,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,My name is not important,"You move by right-clicking on the spot, you left-click to attack, and it has an ""auto-fire"" option which will shoot at enemies automatically, with a small penalty.No campaign, no lobbies (so far, at least) leveling system seems to be circumventable by picking a different class. -BTW, no real way to make apparent that you CAN switch suits-I had to play the intro mission twice before I could realize that, no, the mission hadn't crashed and yes, I had beaten the mission.While I understand that the game is pre-release, I simply don't like the mechanics. I guess I was hoping for something closer to Alien Swarm, instead of a passive ""place marine here"".I feel that taking control away from the player to this degree on tactical and survival missions works against the idea. It might make the game more stable, but it also makes it mroe boring.Overall, it felt like a waste of money."
76561198009197310,Not Recommended,265590,11199228,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,xeroshiva1029,gameplay:  its litterally Warcraft 3 or Starcraft 2's zombie shooter games with invintory and ammo system.. its 9.5/10 in my book.. if they want that last 0.5 they need to add more content but its only alpha 1.54 at the time of this post!dev review: the devs have made serious changes to the game that seem to have driven their own community away... its sad because this game was great right up till they added the 2nd map... 4/10 as they still are patching bugs but they are also changing game mechanics.the game had a great community before these changes were added multiple pages of lobbies being hosted and games filling up..overall.. save your money.. the game died..
76561198031716638,Not Recommended,265590,19986725,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Pherox,"This is a great game,dont get me wrong,lot of fun,action,shooting and adrenaline,but for some reason it looks dead,there is only a few people playing it,like 30-40"
76561198074462708,Recommended,265590,25277472,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,King Kay,"I'm not sure how to write a review for this game.I like it. It's hard. It's easy to tell bad players from good ones.It's so hard that even good players have trouble completing games on the higher difficulties.The community is not as small as people are making it out to be. It has grown to the point where I would have no problems logging in and finding a game with very few players from my friend list in it.The experienced players are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s - but, that's because ""you"" have 30 hours in the game, decided to join their Aetriden lobby, and proceeded to do whatever you wanted, getting the team wiped in the process.It goes back to my earlier point of this game being super hard (I'm emphasizing difficulty, cus this game is THAT FUKCKING HARD) Newbies who don't listen make it harder. I know, because I still AM ones of said newbies. looolAnyway 8.5/10Cheap game. Hard as ♥♥♥♥. Excellent atmosphere."
,Not Recommended,265590,22920758,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Akimbo Chicken Strips,"Dead game. Nobody plays online. Single player is okay, but really just makes me want to play Alien Swarm."
,Recommended,265590,11196558,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,A Bunny,"Very many bunnies died trying to bring you dis message.Now dey are monster bunnies. Dey do very unbunny things, and it's up to you to put those bunnies out of there monster-bunny misery. With hugs, n' pets n' brushins.Or guns. Cause they're neither bunnies, nor bunny monsters. They're monstrous genetic abominations that want to devour you and your squad of hapless marines.Oh noes."
76561198009214390,Not Recommended,265590,17196136,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,S1N1STA3,"Pretty boring, difficulty system is broken, weapons and teams in SP are awefull, seemingly endless hordes of zobies, mission 5 (Chasing Echoes) is impossible to beat on any difficulty. All in all a terrible game and I wish I could have my money back. Live and learn."
76561198082123142,Recommended,265590,23955810,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,xico,"My first refund of a game. It is a genre I would be able to get into if the RPG elements were different. What ended the game's interest for me was seeing the inactivity of cooperative gameplay. I was most moved by a classic-styled game I  could play with others but I haven't been able to find people to play with.It hearkens back to the Warcraft/Starcraft classics, love em but I can't get into them the way I could years ago. If that's what you're looking for and you go in on it with some friends especially, you will not be disappointed!"
,Recommended,265590,11181191,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Fairemont,For this style of game - this one has a lot of fun to offer. Good stuff - recommended.
,Recommended,265590,11203227,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Ad0z,"Amazing game, can't wait for it to be finished!"
,Not Recommended,265590,17075355,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,QoMSoL,Pretty much glorified Alien Shooter with multiplayer. There are actually free games like this out there with better quality in details and game process overall. I'm rather disappointed.
76561198047581428,Not Recommended,265590,19984286,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,RatioKiller195,"Its OK, but not great. Very slow paced. I would recommend getting Helldivers instead. Similar gameplay far better though."
76561198060240176,Recommended,265590,11189657,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,ROGamingRyan,We did a review on this game.  hope you enjoy it!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkgo8kVpg3I&feature=youtu.be
76561198074626791,Recommended,265590,15480633,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Vulcan Raven,"great game, good devs the only problem is that there is not enought players :("
76561197993791428,Recommended,265590,11184716,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,SerialChiller,the control is ok. so far looks to be shaping up to b a good game. could use some pointers from alien breed though. more action would be nice instead of point click. I recomend it it can only get better from here.
76561198001518949,Recommended,265590,11204205,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,nato,"NOTD stand alone , only grouch is that it groups players according to steam download region , otherwise its awesome"
,Recommended,265590,11211034,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,[NFoD] Echo_One,"If you enjoyed NotD in WC3 back in the day, this is definitely the game for you.  Props to 1) FM Bilouxi and FM Osiris for the map 2) all my friends in Clan NotD [Northrend] 3) Ironward for bringing it back with improvements"
76561198007765742,Recommended,265590,11211794,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Slabic,"early access/beta is a little shaky, lots and lots of room for improvement. but if you liked alien swarm, you'll like this. it will require a lot more teamwork and is decently difficult even on normal.UPDATE: as patches come in, things are running much smoother. odd bug here and there but overall it's turning out to be a fantastic game. as the community gets better at the game the more fun it is getting as more is being accomplished and people actually play as a team. new players will have it rough however for cliques have started to form and with that comes elitists. pretty much the only downfall if you're a new player."
76561198010465902,Recommended,265590,11218573,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Damage,good game
76561197991236570,Not Recommended,265590,18156428,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Bennings Dekker,"this is not a game this is torment for sado masochist people.I respect that. Good luck to anyone who wants to play this, they ll need it...refunded after 1.3 hours, Jesus.....NO for your mental health..."
76561198051590224,Not Recommended,265590,18963525,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,kv85kv,"Just avoid this game like plague, and leave this state of art piece of shxt just for that hardcore players."
76561197982196124,Recommended,265590,17426499,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Rhod,"This game has been a huge surprise for me.I am a huge fan of cooperative games, i bought this game during early access because it looked promising.I forgot about it until was fully released and this has been a blast.-It has a strong Space meuhrins feel.-many classes that all contribute to victory in their own way, and they are fairly balanced.-The game seemed simple at first but it is actually incredibly deep, one of the deepest coop game i know of.-The Ai is unforgiving and you will get a good challenge even on normal difficulty.-It has many skill to choose from for each class and kind of a dota way of leveling up.-You get 15 level max while you are playing and you have to attribute point carefully in each of your 4 skills with 5 points max in each, some are passive some are active, and hallow you to play exactly the way you want.-The online is one of the best i know of, most people are friendly and most veteran will not mind giving you some advice.In 50 hours of gameplay i have yet to find any troll.The only downside i can see is that the game can seem overwhelming at first, the learning curve is steep and the RTS view will not be to everyone's liking, except that it is a masterpiece and i strongly recommend this game."
76561198120633140,Not Recommended,265590,25214734,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Entropy,"This game is awful.  The interface is counterintuitive, and the gameplay is so robo-driven that you're really not DOING anything.  Ammo is scarce, yet enemies spawn infinitely.  The objectives are unclear especially towards the end of the mission when we are often killed by a falling meteor and have no idea what we did wrong.  We had accomplished every objective in a fairly timely fashion."
76561198044097989,Not Recommended,265590,11215963,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,omegablue0231,"It's fun but at the moment I cannot say I recommend this because it's a little user unfriendly and it's unstable to the point where various actions (starting it up, changing settings, leaving a game, and refreshing the game list) cause the game to crash. Hold off a few months if you're thinking about buying this to see if the crashes get fixed and the UI is better."
,Recommended,265590,21575335,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,"Beauregard ""Buck"" Tudrussell","10/10 wood recommend. For that niche group looking for tactical/ sci-fi, think of Breach & Clear meets Alien Swarm (idk you might have to be fairly niche to have played either of those games). There is nothing more erotic than setting up and watching my squad of power-armored space SOF conducting bounding overwatch, or hook-cross clearing room, while firing at hordes of zombie-alien things in slo-mo. Nothing. I don't even go on lobstertube anymore."
76561198069244784,Recommended,265590,17194257,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Royce_082,"So...the Red Solstice... It was a coincidence when I stumbled upon this EA on Steam. I've made some bad decisions concerning EA-Titles in the last couple of months, but luckily not with this one.Although the Game is quite hard and unforgiving, the Community isn't. The People playing this Game are eager to help you if you're new to it. I'd still recommend you to read a Guide, before you blow up your fellow Marines by accident (I assure you, it will happen anyhow ^^)It still takes some time until you can get a full round with 8 People running, because there aren't that many players around. I hope the community will grow; the Game would deserve it. Sometimes there are occasional Framerate slowdowns, but it has gotten better.So if you're fond of intense Bug-shooting mayhem and don't mind to learn and fulfill your part in a Squad, this might be just the Game for you."
76561198073092169,Recommended,265590,23024267,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Wungle,"Similar to many other games where you make a squad, level members up and go an kill things.   Didn't captivate me though.Out of courtesy to developer, rating up"
,Recommended,265590,18738196,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,The Drizzle,"This game is absolutely fantastic. Sure, it has a bit of a learning curve... But once you learn the cooperative strategy you will love it."
,Recommended,265590,29810996,Posted: 9 February,all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew","Acting? No. Gun? Yes! Aliens! Yes! Ah well. Two out of 3 isn't bad.It's a bit like Alien Breed crossed with Dragon Age 2. There are some RPG elements, complete with SPACE BAR MATRIX TIME.But, more importantly, is it fun?Why yes, yes it is! You get to cook aliens with a flamethrower."
76561197998178980,Not Recommended,265590,11231838,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Hormiga,"This game has a lot of potential.... that being said it is extremely buggy currently. I get crashes trying to join  a game lobby, crashes on game start, crashes mid game, crashes at game end.... crashing all over the place.There are numerous other minor issues (class re-set when another player joins a game with your current class for example) and I would be willing to bet there are other problems that are unapparent.The mission tracking feature is confusing and it is difficult to understand what the current goal of team is. This is incredibly important in a game that hinges on team work.  This needs to be obvious or more user friendly.It is still a fairly fun experience though but I can't recommend it with out knowing if the developers are going to improve the game."
76561198000917712,Not Recommended,265590,17802535,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,DarknessEyes,"# Rating* 2 of 10.# Good* Very difficult.* Very fun.* Multiplayer and single player.* Npcs/bots that follow you around.* In single player you can enter tactical mode (90% slower) to control npcs/bots.# Bad* They add content to the game, then remove it and add the same content in a dlc.* Lacks on game modes.* Tactical mode cant be used in bunker mode.* Multiplayer community is small.* Minor bugs.* Not enough level ups.* Level up increse fixed stats instead of allowing us to chose what to increase.* Features/items get removed instead of balanced.* Most of times you will download a patche but you will never know what it does because there is no changelog/patch notes."
76561198088938358,Recommended,265590,24000191,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Swiggity Swooty,really fun squad tactics game
,Not Recommended,265590,11246419,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Falrinth,"Fun game. But the ""randomly generated content"" is overstatement and a huge one... Only random factor is place of objectives. Map is always same which is very disapointing. When i have noticed the map is always the same i felt cheated cause its not really a big map..."
,Not Recommended,265590,11234967,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Deadjack,"For the moment i can't recommand this game for everybody.Because...Instead of my last review [watch at the end of this one], i've won a game !This is amazing how good it is. Especially if you loose around 20 times before it ^^In fact the mission was different and, in my humble point of view, much better !All the team was droped from a space ship near a beacon.It must be protected until the end of a certain amount of enemy's waves.The beacon drops some supplies to help you in the battle, like sentry turrets, ammo and sand bags.All the difficulty was to build the defenses, set up traps, protect sentries and for me, keep the other guys alive until the end of days that came on us.And we made it !I was a Medic as usual. After so much failures, i could start to upgrade my character.The upgrade system is really cool, for each class you have a rank and defines how long you played this class, so the higher the better...Skills wich increase with levels: at the beginning too few, but with few levels... oh my ! That's so good to place a resurecting beacon during a hellish mission ! You can even call orbital drops to give stuff to your comrades or activate buffs to the whole team.You have new weapons in two different types: primary and secondary. The primary weapons really changes your way to engage, as a Medic i can choose at high rank a sniper rifle, the basic weapon is a weak assault rifle. The secondary give you some shotguns and explosivs weapons like a rotary grenade launcher,ect..Weapons are different between each classe. Medic: assault rifles. Demolisher: explosivs. Recon: smg. Heavy: minigun, ect...Your armor can be upgraded with 4 slots to receive some ""perks"". A bit complicate to use because each perks increase a statistic of the character but reduce an other one. You want to run faster ?allright but you will have less damages done... quite nasty :'(All of that is not too much to prepare yourself for the fire of the action.And this is really tought !As i said before you gonna die a lot. But winning is very rewarding. Like some few rares games like Arma or Dark Soul.Enemies are quite numerous and very violent. Every creature has stats (you can see them when you hover your mouse on them). The special events happens quite often, and a good planning is really rewarding, like using explosivs to make chain reactions and take down a boss or a huge horde of creature in one blow. But when your team is splitting... in general you won't stand a chance.Every classes needs skills to be mastered.As a Medic i needed quite some time to understand how to get exp correctly (missions or the most common slaving monsters to get xp). Xp give you the opportunity to increase the level of the skills you have choosen (you can only have 4).  The skill level is lost between each mission.And like many games, maps needs time to be understood because hunker in a building and defending is really difficult. Especially with the light system that influence the line of sight of the team and the accuracy for shooting enemies.So...This game is really good but really hard too with unfriendly players that doesn't give a sh... of what you say in game.It's a bit messy for now but with few updates... this is gonna be a gem !The Red Solstice is nice and needs to be played with friends.Alone you gonna hate it.So i recommand it for experienced player used to games really hardcore and ready to play with trusted fellow... for the others, wait a bit ^^.[Previous review: game not recommended]I was really disappointed. In the action you're just lost. You spend tons of time to search for gear in lockers. You always lack of something especially ammo. Shooting enemies is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥especially due to the fact that firing in automatic mode is useless (automatic mode= your monkey see smtg he shoots. The problem, after 3 meters you miss all the time).The objectives are ♥♥♥♥ed up. In fact you spend so much time in gearing that you can't see what you have to do.There is no order in objectives or obvious triggers. You will have an AI which talks all the time and disturbs you by the same occasion.In general in the game is like that (when you are a medic like me):-Clicking all the time on the screen to move sucks...-Shotgun ammo allready depleeed ?-Where is that dude? His health is dropping too fast, stop running away from the team damm it !-Why are we scavenging? There is a mission to do!-This auto aim sucks.-Please AI, shut your damm mouth!-Oh no! I've spent points in the wrong skill section...-This player is a bas... i doesn't want to give me some ammo.-More monsters. Where do they come from?-Ok righ... thanks for stealing the ammo I need!-WTF ?! We haven't done the objectives and we have to evac?!-It's crowed out here... I hope I will keep theses meat bags alive without ammo.-What he is doing?! The damm VIP is running into the danger![Dead]-This boss sucks.-Thanks for the help guys![Disconnected]Sorry but for the moment we can't play correctly because there is no way to prepare the attack or talk in game. For a tactical game it's a bit difficult to accept.So actually all games i've played failed, even in easy mode.I tried to do my best as a medic but seriously it doesn't appeal to take the role of support in this game. It seems more efficient to kill everything...And the controls are bad, moving should be with the keyboard.There is a great potential but actually the game is unplayable.And if you don't like this review, well... thank you !Because with your help other players will be completely wrong about this game.And it's not because of Early access. I've changed some of my reviews in front of the state of the game..."
,Not Recommended,265590,13933591,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,SirGaga,The game has no playerbase left and there is still no single player.
76561198039285985,Recommended,265590,12707100,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,fallengord,12 games in.....lost and defeated on every game...and im loving it....
,Not Recommended,265590,34513633,Posted: 26 August,all,Ulris Ventis,"An amazing game. Somehow it died from a lack of any kind of promotion, with pretty weird players who would only play with ""pro"" which reduced the small amounts of players further.It was dead before it was even released.And now they release Solstice Chronicles. Amazing.No thanks."
,Recommended,265590,13058202,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Baddy,is this warcraft 3
,Not Recommended,265590,11225808,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,[Logi] Joelio,"July 4th 2015. This game is a peice of crap. If you are thinking about playing this game, realize that you will be playing it with yourself. Ive been checking it out on and off since day one, hoping that they will update or fix it, but half the time, the game wont even start.(July 13, 2004)State of the game; Promising, but unstable.This game touches on alot of diffent genres, and alot of different gamers will find enjoyment in this game. Its a MOBA; Its an RTS (you must change tactics and think on the fly constantly); Its an RPG; Its got waves of monsters; It has persistant ranks and perks like some FPS games.Play this game if you are patient with in-development games. Dont play it if a graphical UI bug ruins the whole game for you.At this point, I can play for several hours with only a few crashes. BUuuuut the game loads so fast, that Im back in a game lobby 8 seconds later.Game Lobbies:    Need work; this is where the patience comes in. sometimes you roll into a generically named match, and get booted for no reason (actual reason being, there are no solo games YET. some people want to be alone)When looking at the game lobby, think. pre-starcraftgamepy-battle.netWarcraft lobby. with some more serious UI graphical gliches. A friend of mine said half the game list was pinched into itself, so 10 games were jumbled into a single line. He couldnt see my game. Or the fun one where your mouse pointer selects things a full inch above it on the selection screen and you join the wrong game, get kicked, then the game you wanted is full and non-joinable.These are things they will change, and shouldnt be taken into consideration, when summarizing this games overall quality.Yes, it has gameplay bugs, yes it has balance issues, yes, you will die ALOT....BUT. the players are helpful, the developers update biweekly it seems, AND Im going to go play it right now, Despite writing all this"
76561197966358311,Not Recommended,265590,17458786,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ketamarine,"ummm.... I think I am lost on this one - not for casual gamers, apparently an homage to warctaft and starcraft mods - if you don't know which ones, then probably don't buy this one.It didn't work out for me!"
,Recommended,265590,11264920,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,waaargh,"Quite nice game, still needs some work but i like anyway and its addictive.."
76561197996572384,Not Recommended,265590,17037849,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Al Gore,"Terrible voice acting on the marine you control - action feels slow, the sound and visual effects are poor.I can see how this game would be fun with other people, but I was expecting a bit more quality and polish."
,Recommended,265590,11201151,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,BlueFalc0nPunch,Can't win.   11/10
76561198068019599,Recommended,265590,11193621,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Admiral Crunch,"pretty good game soo far, keep it up"
76561198033025797,Recommended,265590,12828153,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,erdamar,very funny game... for this price very possitive...
,Recommended,265590,11220074,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Clickum,"Pretty damn fun, if you ask me.  It's basically the NOLD map from Warcraft III, but awesomer."
,Recommended,265590,13465248,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Spook Island,Got Crushed by giant sand worm belly.11/10Amazing
76561198009259566,Recommended,265590,17458687,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,RoCoL,"Loads of fun, easy to play, difficult to master. I have not played most games listed as comparrisons by the other reviewers. In my opinion if you enjoyed Dawn of War II and certainly The Last Stand part, you will love this game."
,Not Recommended,265590,11385531,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Lone Wolf™,"pro-2 for 1 purchasecons- stiff learning curve-low level = boot out by mean host-host  quit = game ends-being a host and dead means you will have to sit back and watch while others playing for another houror be a jerk and end the gameOverallfeels like waste of money on something I could play on Starcraft Custom map for free.since dota is ported in to steam , seem like other custom games are ported into steam... whats next ?desert strike ? for $12"
,Not Recommended,265590,11368085,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,West,Extremely buggy. Crashes repeatedly. Controls die and wont reenable until you restart.These gems await you if you manage to install the game. The executable is flagged as a trojan horse and automatically uninstalled by AVG.
76561198036409695,Not Recommended,265590,15398205,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Akiba,"Don't wasted your money on this (going to soon be abandon) game. soo far since it came out its been online play only and with a Very low amount of poeple playing this online (like 12 i've seen on max) with not real updates and the gameplay is ok but not worth $20USD so its not worth getting atm.Get something else then this,  DOW II last stand is fun its worth checking out. but like i said plain and simple wasted of money  atm."
,Recommended,265590,11211046,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,iTzBAM,This game is Awesome. It's like a topdown shooter of Warhammer 40k.
76561198027961108,Recommended,265590,11176956,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,ituki11,very nice n fun co-op game
76561197971715140,Recommended,265590,11211461,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Literal Vampire Potbelly Goblins,"I will say my good marine, God damn."
,Not Recommended,265590,21623110,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Rich,"As can be said for most Early Access games, this game has potential, but no more than that. Poorly optimized, inactive community, little developper support. It's always a shame to see an indie game go to waste..."
,Not Recommended,265590,22835020,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,hitt.william,"Myself and two friends, all lifelong gamers, simply could not beat anything in this game.  Perhaps we are scrubs, but it is quite difficult to withstand the enemy onslaught in this game.  The game itself looks good, and doesn't feel bad, but I suspect that many other gamers may pick this up and also quickly find themselves in over their heads."
76561198022125454,Not Recommended,265590,22663287,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Righteous,"I was really, really excited for this game on release, so much so that I bought 4 copies to gift to friends.  The gameplay is great, it was a ton of fun, but I don't know if I'm in the wrong timezone or something, but I haven't even been able to play due to the extremely small playerbase.  At first it was great, get a game going in a minute or so, but now if you don't bring your group don't expect to play.For that reason only I have to thumbs down a great game......you just can't play it anymore"
76561198006726123,Not Recommended,265590,14752880,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Saulot,Game IS Like a more Polished Starcraft Survive Mod and If you enjoy thoese you would be well pleased with the game. The Largest draw back is FOR THE LOVE OF GOD THERES NEVER ANYONE ON!!! Thus making it unplayable. Also the learning curve is rathar brutal but that while intimadating that can be overcome with preservernce but one questions if it is worth the effort not to mention 20$ to do so.
,Recommended,265590,17483998,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Mypoppy,"One of the few games where I have had nonstop fun in. Highly suggested game as I hardly write any reviews at all for anything, seriously."
76561198005288135,Recommended,265590,17481905,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,p30pl3h4t3m3,"... just wow... a 4 member ""spacemarinekillersquad"" in a ""mobiletowerdefensegame""...my first steps...1. mission: basic steps, easy going...2. mission: ""game: now your on your own, this way to mission objective...""after that message your squadgunfire NEVER stops...NEED AMMO !!!"
76561198092392282,Recommended,265590,17549444,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,+End_Game+,- Very good multiplayer- nice campaign- Aliens are awesome- every class has a role- RPG- challengingOverall this game is very fun that requires alot of teamwork. Can be very brutal trying to learn everything but once you do learn how to play the game it becomes amazing.
76561198003986851,Not Recommended,265590,34266281,Posted: 15 August,all,SuperSushi,"Disclaimer, I only bought this game to play with a friend of mine.  I had no interest in the campaign so this is a review of the multiplayer.  To summarize: it's terrible.  It seems fun but the combat and controlls make so little sense.  There is no given objective that must be meet to win but rather a series of stuff to do.  Also the AI has more units than you can shake a stick at but they don't explain how to get rid of the spawn points.  I'd give this games multiplayer a solid 2/10.  It works most of the time, but not the way a reasonable person would expect and without an explaination it seems like crap.  So if you are looking to this game for the multiplayer, heed my word, RUN!"
,Not Recommended,265590,11285789,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Shaftronics,You're better off downloading Starcraft II and playing the game mode this was based off there.
76561198007248015,Not Recommended,265590,11223299,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Azreal72,this game has alot of bugs. after each game you have to reboot it and it will not play in full screen mode it is by far one of the worst buys to get.  i have had nothing but tech problems with this game
,Recommended,265590,12688302,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Reynolds,"This game is a lot of fun, reminds me of shadow grounds. worth every penny"
,Recommended,265590,23030756,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Corrosion,"An okay game, has its flaws, has its merits."
76561197996370043,Not Recommended,265590,24183402,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,EngineSeer,"I love story driven sp or coop campaigns with a rich backstory so I asked for a refund mid mission 2. There was an alien shooter long ago that did exactly this but was way more fun. If I could remember its name, I would have been playing that instead.Cons-The single-player campaign was horrendous.-I have to individually left click each enemy to attack when they spawn like crazy? No.-I have to right click and lift finger to move somewhere. I cant use wsad to move or keep the mouse clicked. No. Think of it in this way, Monster is coming, I have to move back or instantly change direction and also fire. In this game, I left click the monster, then right click a path. The tactical whatever to issue orders is nice but it adds complexity to something that should not be complex in the first place. It has been done properly before (If only I could remember that game's name).  Not worth the effort.-Cant see which doors are open or even if there is a door where you are facing. Developers must have noticed this as well since they implemented precise pathfinding.-Some kind of goddamn flashlight would be nice on an elite commando squad leader.-There are random supply crates around but you get meh stuff for every 10-15 crates opened. The rest is empty.-My squad ai just sucks. I would presume in a virus infested world, you wouldn't be hugging the squad leader all the time unless he specifically orders you not to.-I turn on the ingame lights but everything is always so dark (Except for a few places). I play every game fine with my current monitor setting so I don't see why I have to change it just for this game.-An elite commando who has to shoot gas canisters and barrels 4-5 times so they explode...? No.-Enemies in the first 2 levels are just...*sigh*-I found a merc armor which lowered my hp. I have no idea what its supposed to add as stats.Pros-Whatever the upvoting guys wrote, I suppose. They appear to have loved multiplayer with some guy boasting 500h+.-Tactical whatever where you assign orders to each member."
76561197966899842,Recommended,265590,17144498,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Jon M,Great squad-based shooter with rpg elements.
76561197996468933,Not Recommended,265590,13637700,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ch_molik,Forced to play the prologe(turtoral) and game keeps crashing on me so cant play single player.
,Recommended,265590,31592070,Posted: 6 May,all,SHOCKCABLE,Pros:3rd person shooterlots of aliens to killgreat soundtrackCons:needs something..steam workshopOVERALL:7/10
76561197970785554,Not Recommended,265590,25976736,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Hal_2005,"Things wrong with Red Solstice:1. poor mob AI2. Weak player dynamics and limited map expansion3. 1 bland and boring map, no RNG or map rotation4. no gear  or loot farming5. Ethically challenged developers who may or may not have rigged their 1 tournament.1 thru 4 is pretty standard for an indie team. I can forgive that, but compound 5 on the first 4, and we have a wasted potential.Go to Squad, or go to Serious Sam if you really want to support Croatia's IT industry. Nothing good came of this labor of love, and after all the goodwill that went into Red Solstice's kickstarter that is the real tragedy."
76561197985583109,Not Recommended,265590,14213662,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Kadrush,"Game is broken, dont buy it, wasted my money, got some graphics issues (totally blurred, unplayable, only game to do that), asked for help and none came. Just a waste of my time, and my money."
76561197998763482,Recommended,265590,12470031,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Skaven404,Just like those dawn of the dead mods from warcraft 3.Awesome
76561198086665288,Not Recommended,265590,17038294,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,iAmToxicc,"THIS GAME KEEPS CRASHIN ON ME HAVENT HAVE A CHANCE TO EVEN EFFIN PLAY ITS BS , , , , IF ITS FIX I WOULD MAYBE BE ABLE TO TELL SOMETHING BETTER. . . LOOKS GOOD BUT IT AINT ALLOWING ME TO PLAY. . ."
76561197977586423,Recommended,265590,12697138,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,CaBBagE,"It's really startting to get there now, net code is much improved and more importantly it's 40% OFF at the moment! ;)"
76561197972697335,Not Recommended,265590,28560584,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Arcanix,"First singleplayer mission was the Dark Colony. Watched others play that mission and it was a normal sqaud mission with briefings and whatnot. Me, i had to defend a crossroad from waves of mobs no breifings no nothing. 4 doors/gates 4x10 wave of mobs, thats it. No story whatsoever just pure survival.I managed to complete this map after getting stuck inside a closed gate and wait for the mission timer to run out. Next mission wasnt mission #2 it was mission #7. Same thing.Devs, what the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with you?Nice game though, got potential. Deeper RPG elements and world item construction would be grand. The barricades as is is a joke. If you build a barricade that thing should be there for a reason not just visual fluff mobs ignore. How about the ability to close off gates/doors, as a player, for a more tactical viability and immersion. Yeah the ability to setup a proper defense position...crazy ♥♥♥♥ing idea right.As it stands this game is a waste of time."
76561197977615977,Not Recommended,265590,21760039,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,RedundantG,Less than 10 minutes in and I bored.  The tutorial is a good precuser to the quality of the plot and game play; you've seen it all before.
76561198018912607,Recommended,265590,17433690,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,msd123,it is fun
,Recommended,265590,17616616,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,FridayBiology,"The story is ok but, your buying this for gameplay.Successful matches last between 20-50 minutes, all of it intense,squad coop, loot and run action. But don't worry about successesbecause your first game you will die, along with every game afteruntil something clicks and you die less. Everyone hasand that makes this game's community awesome.My first game was with a mix group of guys and we got picked off one by one.My Second game i stayed with the squad everything was fine and then everyone run out of ammo.My Third game was awesome, boss mobs, explosives, chainguns and flame weapons. we died.... my point - in all of them everyone said, GG and laughed about it.Must have for any die-hard space marine.Remember press ""X"" to drop ammo and ""F"" for flares."
76561197996364622,Not Recommended,265590,25770764,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Nrgaa,Maybe its good in Multiplayer. But Singleplayer is awfull.Boring missions.Squad controls are simply horrible.
,Recommended,265590,30402560,Posted: 8 March,all,♗ Bareus  ︻芫══-۞-۞-,Great Game!
76561197976422877,Not Recommended,265590,27403749,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Poor Fucking Infantry,"40 minutes into the game and cannot fight the sandman any moreHunt's voice acting and guns' sound effects are boring,and there're so many hotkeys to remember..."
,Recommended,265590,17624757,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,SidAlpha,https://youtu.be/Cc3L82kX8zg
76561198050779313,Not Recommended,265590,30217979,Posted: 27 February,all,Enlonwhite,"Game is very average, but load times are OUTRAGOUS even on a good computer, and Some Scenes are just DRAGGED out.....really dont need it wastes so much of my time. OH did i mention the load times? they are bad.....wait i did, and still waiting as i right this review......yeah very bad. Over all this game felt like it could of made a better BOARD GAME then computer. OH I HATE THE Default to leader when not in tactical mode. Maybe i want to focus on a different char then my main leader, ever think of that Developer? overall just a game to KILL Time literially but its conscept is ok. Story line wise a virus could do this but there is only so much BIO matter to deal with it would literally wipe its own food source out an then die off in a matter of time. now can you survive that long? good question. either way rather make a board game of this and call it good. NO load times then.This game apppears to focus on its MULTIPLAYER, so yea, my review is for solo play. As for multipler it looks.....well average fine, not amazing. Tactics i have seen and advice plays dont really explain things its going to be a BIG learning curve it seems."
,Not Recommended,265590,25664100,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,xsmasher,"Not good, sorry. Too simple for a strategy game, too slow for an action game."
76561197964265719,Not Recommended,265590,17035599,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,SoLaX[.],"Simple advise, dont buy this game... its not what it seems..."
,Recommended,265590,29685464,Posted: 3 February,all,FoeHammer,its aight
,Not Recommended,265590,29216419,Posted: 12 January,all,Symbul,"I apparently bought this game on sale. I don't know why I bought it, but I tried it and its campaign at least is pretty terrible."
76561197992774627,Not Recommended,265590,11220093,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,minstew,"This is literally the custom game ""Resident Evil"" for Warcraft III. No more. No less.. The game took twenty seconds to install which was a huge red flag. Simply gameplay, no story, very buggy. Not worth 7 bucks. This is worth $0 now. Hopefully the game evolves into something good but for now. Steer clear!"
76561197969621512,Not Recommended,265590,20392768,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,NexusOmega,"If you are expecting an alien swarm style game,This isn't it,The playerbase is small and toxic, and the game feels like a Star Craft 2 Map, more than a real game."
76561197963242423,Not Recommended,265590,11233304,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Chumpy!,hokey joke of a plot and lines cornier than iowa.
,Not Recommended,265590,20165360,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Marzaally,I hate this game more than I've ever hated anything in my whole life.
,Not Recommended,265590,16962738,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Dude,"TLDR: Do I reccomend this game? NoDavor I  [developer]""Can you tell us a bit more about why don't you like the game? Perhaps we can fix the issues you might be having.""Edit: Davor, okay you want to help this game?Step 1: Get this game to reach ""top 100"" list played on steam, could help by at least getting 1,000 people on at one timeStep 2: Let's try to make the game better with every patch instead of the reverse outcome.Step 3: Don't alienate your players, this also helps with step 1 mind you, and it would help if there wasn't someone spying on our teamspeak telling everything we say to the developer.I would go on but I can't really care about a dead game anymore. May the -=75=- Squadron rest in piece. I knew ye well my brothers in arms."
,Not Recommended,265590,33653376,Posted: 19 July,all,Dangerbunny,Realy Mehhhhh
,Recommended,265590,12579377,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,The Happiest Banana,♥♥♥♥♥es be cray if they don't get this game
,Recommended,265590,27892772,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jet_Blast,its lit fam
,Not Recommended,265590,28918483,Posted: 1 January,all,mythal,"this game is a joke. 1-2 second delayed control of character in an action-based game? are you serious?lets forget about the amateur horrible graphics, sound, and voice. thats fine. but what is even the objective of this game? there is no challenge. you just run along a given mission direction line and your squad automatically kills everything in its path? this is not called a game!"
,Not Recommended,265590,29316367,Posted: 17 January,all,blackmiaool,"it's boring at the beginning, no desire to continue"
,Not Recommended,265590,32899156,Posted: 27 June,all,BrotherSergeant RabbitMann,Meh.Just play HellDivers.
,Not Recommended,265590,32038953,Posted: 29 May,all,neo3000ultra,the control of the game is redicilously hard - does not allow to assign arrow keys for movements instead you have to right click every time you want to move. very unenjoyable game experience and unintalled after 10 min
,Recommended,265590,28857101,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,---(((Ignorance)))---,10/10 would click refund again.
76561197988281569,Not Recommended,265590,28701819,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,pvinnitsky,"it sucks, huge disappointment."
,Not Recommended,265590,25519200,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Crazycowboyman2,10/10 would get my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ penetraded by beasts again.
,Not Recommended,265590,32049854,Posted: 29 May,all,GotGames?,"I am very displeased with this game, I thought I could look up a good game with something like this but no... I didn't like it and stopped playing it."
76561198065467361,Not Recommended,265590,31716812,Posted: 12 May,all,cubedo,sucks to the core
76561197975495440,Not Recommended,265590,31368332,Posted: 25 April,all,r3j3k,Trash.
76561198012275687,Not Recommended,265590,30689166,Posted: 23 March,all,Proletarian,Stopped playing this piece of garbage when I've discovered that all of the bad guys are socialist. Playing a game that's so openly pro-capitalist is lame.
76561198020728468,Recommended,265590,19727148,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Gerard,"Played it when it was still an SC2 mod, or was it WC3? Maybe both, I forget. Deep gameplay combined with teamwork make for an unparalleled experience. There's no greater moment than when you are swarmed by zombies, two squad members are down and everything seems lost, but you struggle back from the brink of death and come out alive on the other side. Zombie survival, indeed."
,Recommended,265590,13225902,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,AUTISMUS MAXIMUS,"Awesome, yet challenging game. Teamwork is essential and if you get a well coordinated team together it's so much fun.Some people rate this game negative, I guess because of the difficulty. Those should probably stick to candy crush or farmville."
,Recommended,265590,13913682,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Gadzooks,"EDIT:Ive given the game a bit of time now that its officially out. The single player campaign is decently fun, and the multiplayer now has a small amount of people playing. Getting a team together still can take some time, and often consists of people all different levels creating a very unbalanced game of noobs with vets.However, the gameplay is still fun if you enjoy the semi starcraft modded gameplay, and with decent people, its a very fun group game.Old Review:I want to like this game. I DO like this game. Its a good game. At least, the little bit of the single player prologue that I was able to play (which was all about 20 minutes). The rest of the game right now, is online only, and well, THERE IS NO ONE TO PLAY IT WITH.Ive sat in the lobby for hours with only 1-2 other afk people. NO ONE PLAYS THIS GAME. I WANT to play this game, but since its 100% reliant on having other people, Im unable to play it.I regret buying it not because its a bad game, but because I cant actually PLAY the game. Sigh."
76561198027156385,Recommended,265590,13238542,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Blue Eyes White Privileged!,"The Starcraft and Warcraft mods, are currently far better. Balance wise, and more. This has potential, but I don't think they will ever change it. Another note. Even after the fixes, there are certain bugs that still hit a large majority of people. I for instance, can play this game, and every once and a blue moon, all the models actually load in. But generally, I am shooting air. Several people in the gorup I play with, suffer this same issue. This was recently tested again. All of us, more than meet the minimum requirments. This game is just poorly optimized, as of yet. If this game ever fixes these major issues, it may be worth picking up.Update 8/3/2015:  While I haven't had a chance to play through to much of it, it has definitely improved on a lot of little things, which actually make a big difference. Better yet, the game is working, and most of the major compadability issues everyone I knew had for the entirety of the beta, are now fixed. As the game is now, I would definitely recomend it. If you like these types of games, you'll probably like this one.  Admitedly, there are a few things I prefer about the Starcraft and Warcraft maps, such as the recon and marksman class, but, overall, this is a nice new twist, and I've played the other maps to death.If you are worried about an unfinished game, have no worries. Everything felt rather complete, and the single player campaign is really well done, including having special features specifically made for the campaign alone that make the game something of a charm. Such as the tactical combat. An interface that slows down time, and allows you to control your entire squad individually. I was wondering how they were going to handle the lack of fellow players with AI, and they nailed it.Truthfully, some of the people online in the community are a bit sour, but there are also some nice, friendly people, just looking to have fun. Also, probably one of the better games to play with a group of friends."
76561198011665771,Not Recommended,265590,12739569,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Gendor Skraivok,"The game is very tactical, you need to work as a team (this however means it has the problem of random groups which could lead to nothing), it takes alot of planning and failing a few times over to learn what comes when, and what you need to be ready for.This game has so much going for it, except for how it's almost impossible to play without a full squad (8 players!) or at least play it well and without the issues of being overwhelmed.Then there is the problems that the mouse button does most of the work. Right click for moving and interacting, and aiming and left clicking for shooting (That is unless you want a random auto-fire mode to do all the work, LOWER the damage, WASTE ammo and MISS targets in the dark) While the Left hand can move the camera (Optional) and mess around with inventory that barely is needed, except for when it's mandatory like boss battles where you may as well don't shoot and surrender if you don't have any explosives, damn sad.And before leaving the aiming, you don't aim at the curseor, you aim slightly below to the side where a red dot is where you have to keep track of, so much easier than keeping track of the cursor damnit!"
,Recommended,265590,34672335,Posted: 1 September,all,Sneksriel,Dear god this game is amazing please get it so i have someone to play with
,Not Recommended,265590,11273364,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,[EQRG]SoanoS,"Okay singleplayer, but the multiplayer portion has a lot of problems (Low playerbase, a LOT of desyncs making the games unplayable).This review was revised after I came back to the game after a long break. Seems the game has died in my absence."
